The Six Realms are a description of conditioned existence , or samsara , into which beings are reborn .
Although sometimes they are described as " real " places , more often these days they are appreciated as allegories .
The nature of one 's existence is determined by karma .
Some realms seem more pleasant than others -- heaven sounds preferable to hell -- but all are dukkha , meaning they are temporary and imperfect .
The Six Realms often are illustrated by the Bhava Chakra , or Wheel of Life .
( These Six Realms are the realms of the world of desire , called Kamadhatu .
In ancient Buddhist cosmology , there are Three Worlds containing a total of thirty - one realms .
There are Arupyadhatu , the formless world ; Rupadhatu , the world of form ; and Kamadhatu , the world of desire .
Whether it 's useful to know anything about the thirty - one realms is a matter to debate , but you might run into them in old texts . )
Please note that in some schools the realms of Devas and Asuras are combined , leaving five realms instead of six .
In Buddhist iconography , a bodhisattva is placed in each realm to help beings out of it .
This may be Avalokiteshvara , bodhisattva of compassion .
Or it may be Ksitigarbha , who travels to all the realms but who has made a special vow to save those in the hell realm .
01 of 06 Deva-gati , the Realm of Devas ( Gods ) and Heavenly Beings MarenYumi / Flickr , Creative Commons License Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 2.0 Generic
In Buddhist tradition , the Deva realm is populated by godlike beings who enjoy great power , wealth and long life .
They live in splendor and happiness .
Yet even the Devas grow old and die .
Further , their privilege and exalted status blind them to the suffering of others , so in spite of their long lives , they have neither wisdom nor compassion .
The privileged Devas will be reborn in another of the Six Realms .
02 of 06 Asura - gati , the Realm of Asura ( Titans ) MarenYumi / Flickr , Creative Commons License Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 2.0 Generic
The Asura are strong and powerful beings who are sometimes depicted as enemies of the Deva .
Asura are marked by their fierce envy .
The karma of hate and jealousy causes rebirth in the Asura Realm .
Zhiyi ( 538-597 ) , a patriarch of the Tiantai school , described the Asura this way : " Always desiring to be superior to others , having no patience for inferiors and belittling strangers ; like a hawk , flying high above and looking down on others , and yet outwardly displaying justice , worship , wisdom , and faith -- this is raising up the lowest order of good and walking the way of the Asuras . "
You may have known an Asura or two .
03 of 06 Preta - gati , the Realm of Hungry Ghosts MarenYumi / Flickr , Creative Commons License Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 2.0 Generic
Hungry ghosts ( preta ) are pictured as beings with huge , empty stomachs , but they have pinhole mouths , and their necks are so thin they cannot swallow .
A hungry ghost is one who is always looking outside himself for the new thing that will satisfy the craving within .
Hungry ghosts are characterized by insatiable hunger and craving .
They are also associated with addiction , obsession and compulsion .
04 of 06 Naraka - gati , the Hell Realm MarenYumi / Flickr , Creative Commons License Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 2.0 Generic
As the name suggests , the Hell Realm is the most terrible of the Six Realms .
Hell beings have a short fuse ; everything makes them angry .
And the only way hell beings deal with things that make them angry is through aggression -- attack , attack , attack !
They drive away anyone who shows them love and kindness and seek out the company of other hell beings .
Unchecked anger and aggression can cause rebirth in the Hell Realm .
05 of 06 Tiryagyoni-gati , the Animal Realm MarenYumi / Flickr , Creative Commons License Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 2.0 Generic Animal beings are marked by stupidity , prejudice and complacency .
They live sheltered lives , avoiding discomfort or anything unfamiliar .
Rebirth in the Animal Realm is conditioned by ignorance .
People who are ignorant and content to remain so are likely headed for the Animal Realm , assuming they are n't there already .
Note :
This post is by Rachel Ziemba of RGE Monitor ( where this first appeared ) thanks again to Brad for letting me fill in while he ’s on vacation .
note : I ’ve made a slight update to the discussion on the price Russia will pay for its loan .
China development bank must be busy ....
Over the last few weeks , loans worth over $ 50 billion have been confirmed with the oil companies of Russia , Brazil and the Australian mining company Rio Tinto , all of which have found themselves with financing issues in light of the collapse in commodity prices and credit crunch .
While $ 50 billion is a relatively small in terms of China ’s foreign exchange liquidity , this is a significant investment on China ’s part in the resource sector , and shows that it is trying to get higher returns on its capital – while coming to the rescue of those who cannot tap the still relatively frozen international capital markets .
And given some of the dire predictions for energy sector investment ( including warnings from the IEA ) might avoid a severe drop off in investment , allowing some of these countries and China to get more bang for the buck as global deflationary trends lower costs .
Most significantly , it increases the share of oil supplies that are pre-contracted , perhaps a desire from both China and its suppliers to have a somewhat more predictable price environment for at least some of its supplies .
And given the financing needs , China may be able to push for lower prices .
Leaving aside Rio Tinto , to which I ’ll return in a bit , these indicate an increase in long - term oil supply deals between customers and producers both of which are state - backed enterprises , bankrolled by the government backed development bank .
It thus increases the role of governments and may trigger greater concerns if not from the recipient countries then from others .
It further reinforces the increased role of government and quasi - government influence in the energy and resource sectors as state - backed resource companies have an increasing role in the energy sector in terms of production and supplies .
Several of these companies have some private funding but ultimately governments have a key influence on decisions , backstopping decisions .
Russia and Brazil will repay China ’s loans in oil .
In the case of Russia , estimates from uob kay hian suggest that given an interest rate of 6 % , Chinese companies are getting access to supplies at approx $ 22 / barrel .
This seems low , even at today ’s prices given the long - term oil prices that most of these companies assume .
Other estimates seem to suggest that that the price is closer to $ 70 a barrel , which presumably is the notional value of the loan .
But much will depend on the interest rate which is apparently between 5 - 5.5 % according to other sources and pegged to libor , which leaves Russia vulnerable to further libor volatility .
Update : Based on a helpful commentator , it seems that the loan will buy access to oil but not oil itself , with the price being obtained monthly from Argus and Platts quotes .
China has already had oil supply deals with Venezuela and Japan signed a 5 year 120,000 barrel a day deal with Abu Dhabi ’s ADNOC these deals are somewhat larger .
Russia has promised the equivalent of 300,000 barrels per day or almost as much as china imports from its largest supplier , Saudi Arabia .
Speaking of Saudi Arabia , Hu Jintao just visited the kingdom and left with contracts to build the train to Mecca , an extension of a natural gas joint venture , another joint effort on two refineries , in which Chinese companies will provide assistance but will not own a stake .
The natural gas cooperation is of particular interest to both countries .
Saudi Arabia ( and most of its neighbors except Qatar ) are short on natural gas and in recent years the fuel has attracted more exploration activity than oil given its role in power generation and as a feedstock in petrochemical production , a key growth industry aiming at the Asian market .
Most of Saudi Arabia ’s natural gas is found with oil , making it more difficult to exploit .
In fact , Jadwa notes that natural gas demand might actually restrain further and sustained oil production cuts .
In Saudi Arabia , Chinese companies already operate much of the construction in Saudi Arabia and China is the largest source of imports for Saudi Arabia .
However , Aramco remains relatively flush despite the Saudi spending increases and revenue declines , raising capital in recent years to fund its expansion .
But the Russian oil companies and Petrobras clearly need funds .
Russian oil companies , like Russian banks , borrowed heavily abroad when credit was cheap .
In the case of the oil companies , the Russian tax structure , especially export taxes limited profits with the government itself taking most of the revenues above $ 25 / barrel .
Oil and Gas companies went cap in hand to the government some months ago asking for funds to maintain their investment plans and refinance their debt .
Russia ’s oil companies had previously insisted that maintaining production required well over $ 70 a barrel oil .
In exchange for $ 25 billion over 20 years Russian oil companies , Rosneft and pipeline operator Transneft have agreed to supply China with around 300,000 barrels per day in oil and build a pipeline extension to China .
The oil supplied would be equivalent to 8 % of China ’s daily oil imports ( and 4 % of daily oil demand ) .
FT ’s Lex suggests that Rosneft ’s $ 15 bn share of the $ 25 bn loan package will comfortably cover its $ 8.5 bn debt maturing this year , 60 % of which is owed to foreign banks half due in Q2 and allow it to make the investment increases to meet the needs of its supply deal with China .
With its share of the funds , Transneft , the pipeline monopoly , will finance new pipeline spur to China which had been held up on price discussions as well as US $ 5.5 – 7.3bn capex in 2009 , part of its future mid-term investments , including the US $ 3.6bn on the Baltic pipeline .
Furthermore ING notes that the inflows associated with such a loan could relieve some of the pressure on Russia ’s finances .
Despite a very sharp contraction in imports ( preliminary data suggest an almost 40 % decline of imports from non-CIS countries in January ) Russia ’s current account surplus is likely to shift to deficit this quarter .
Inflows from China could offset some of the growing financing gap depending on when it is delivered .
Brazil : CDB will loan Petrobras $ 10 billion helping the company continue its investment plan , especially relating to pre-salt oil and to aid in refinancing its outstanding debt .
Details of the loan have not yet been released but will be finalized before a May visit to China by the Brazilian prime minister .
Petrobras agreed to sell as much as 100,000 barrels of oil this year to Sinopec and increase it over time .
Petrobras is planning to invest well over $ 100 b over five years as it develops the pre-salt finds announced last year .
The company has been seeking alternatives to international bank lending and bonds to finance its spending plan in the face of an international credit crunch .
Petrobras already sells a some oil and products to China and signed a cooperation agreement with Sinochem in 2004 and CNPC in 2005
Petrobras has repeatedly stated that pre-salt production is still feasible even with a lower oil price .
Yet , statements suggest the pace of development of pre-salt production could be slowed and that associated projects , such as plans to build two new refineries for export , could be put on hold .
Collectively this means Petrobras is more reliant on its joint venture partners – Global Insight suggests that Petrobras may be able to keep diversifying its funding sources .
But since Petrobras ’ shares have come under such pressure , and financing terms at home and abroad are costly while the cost of hiring rigs has not softened very much , Chinese funds could keep investment in the pre-salt area on course .
Doing so supports the economic development and political goals of the Brazilian government .
In Australia , Chinalco , the Chinese largest state - owned company , financed by the China Development Bank , agreed to lend Rio Tinto $ 20 b through a convertible bond to help it pay off its debts ( it has $ 9b coming due in Oct2009 and $ 10 b in 2010 , mostly accrued during its purchase of Alcan ) .
Chinalco will buy $ 7.2bn in convertible bonds , eventually increasing its stake in Rio from 9 % to 18 % and invest $ 12.3 bn in strategic partnerships in Rio ’s copper , aluminium and iron ore divisions .
In exchange for providing capital as a very competitive rate Chinalco should get access to these prime assets for a key rate .
The convertible bond structure was likely chosen to avoid restrictions on equity purchases .
Perhaps it is not a surprise that the Australian treasury is planning to change legislation to treat debt as equivalent to equity , possibly blocking the transaction .
Although Australia has been receiving an increased amount of investment from China with an estimated 10b in Australian dollars approved in 2008 ( on top of an existing stock of A$ 6.2b according to Mark Thirwell . )
Trade with China rose to 13 % of Australia ’s total .
This is the first major test of of a new investment review process Australia introduced last year which clearly distinguishes between state and non-state investors meaning all state - backed investors are subject to increased review .
Chinalco , a state - backed company will prompt significant scrutiny especially given the fears it will aquire the most profitable of Rio ’s assets and increased bargaining power at price discussions .
If regulators were concerned about the pricing power of a joint Rio Tinto / BHP Billiton , the Chinese funded Rio may also shake up the market .
However unlike the oil deals , the investment in Rio is not explicitly linked to a supply deal with iron ore pricing still in progress .
For China , these investments seem to be a relatively efficient way to use its financial resources given the likely long - term appreciation of resource prices and uncertainty about financial assets .
Like other cash - rich investors , it can set the terms and may provide the opportunity for its energy companies to really enter the global stage even if it may limit their intermediary role and tie them into their domestic political structure .
It may also suggest that China can take advantage of the nascent reversal of resource nationalism that seems to be underway .
When oil prices rise , so does the uncertainty of fiscal regimes in the sector and vice versa .
For those receiving the funds , it provides a way to get cheaper loans than possible though other means .
However in some cases , it may undermine the rights of existing shareholders – such concerns are more obvious in the case of Rio Tinto where existing shareholders may be disadvantaged when the new shares convert .
Furthermore its joint interests as a shareholder and one of Rio ’s largest customers may counteract
However , China may be getting access to supplies , but aside from some limited joint ventures , its companies are not getting access to reserves but to guaranteed end product .
Over all , the desire to lock up supplies may reflect a shift away from China ’s policy of seeking out investment opportunities in a range of oil projects wherever they could be found , mostly in unstable states in Africa .
Erica
Downs notes that the early go global efforts of China ’s national oil companies left them with a range of investments in many countries a portfolio that was difficult to manage efficiently – now they may be trying to concentrate .
There were other costs too .
Raghuram Rajan noted that buying stakes in opaque companies in poorly governed foreign countries might not be the best way to go .
The security of a country ’s ownership of oil assets in poorly governed foreign countries likely diminishes when the oil price rises .
While China did not face nationalism pressures per se given their often minority stakes , events of recent years including attacks on Chinese workers in Nigeria have illuminated the economic costs of the production .
Most of the Chinese oil production abroad was sold on global markets with the profits used to cross subsidize losses on domestic refining segments given fixed prices .
In fact only about 10 % of Chinese oil imports are supplied through the equity stakes that China has in oil projects abroad .
Instead China imported oil from a range of countries in Africa which supplies 1/4th of China ’s oil ( especially Angola ) and the middle east , which supplies 50 % ( mostly Saudi Arabia , Iran and to a lesser extent Oman . )
It also increases the amount of oil that is officially locked up for long - periods of time which will boost predictability for some producers and consumers even as it raises costs for others .
Already the Asian market tends to have more long - term contracts than in other regions , because of the long transportation time and need of Asian countries for imported oil unlike other locations where the spot market is more developed .
Longer term supply contracts may not only provide a more stable source of energy but may provide more opportunity for joint venture for somewhat lower costs , increasing the ability to plan given that most new production remains expensive by historical averages .
Yet deferring investment in new resources would surely boost the price for all , including China .
Two more side notes ( digressions ) as this has been a big week in energy politics .
Not only is a country like China trying to diversify their suppliers but some exporters are trying to diversify their customers .
Russia trying to boost oil exports to china , it is trying to boost and diversify its natural gas exports to Asia by opening up a LNG plant on the east coast .
The first cargos from Sakhalin - 2 began to be loaded earlier this week .
Most ( 65 % ) of the pre-contracted cargos are bound for Japan , which is the largest demander of LNG .
Russian supplies may help to partly offset the decline in supplies from Indonesia which is consuming more at home .
The rest of the LNG supplies are bound for other Asian countries , with a small amount going to a regassification plant in Mexico for the Latin American market .
Given the obstacles in shipping , the reduction in distance and transport time , might reduce prices in Asian LNG market .
However in both oil and gas , diversification of partners may divert supplies from existing customers , especially in Europe .
Russia in particular is facing constraints in increasing supplies given relative under investment .
Russian domestic natural gas exports have been on the decline for some years as domestic demand grew .
While 2009 will likely prove a short reversal , the cheap power and gas prices will keep domestic demand high , meanwhile oil production is falling as fields mature .
Given that the focus of this note has been bilateral producer consumer deals , it seems apt to conclude with the energy ’ deal ’ that President Obama and Prime Minister Harper announced yesterday .
Details are still uncertain but the two countries have pledged to co-invest in technologies that will reduce the environmental impact of energy sources like coal and the bitumen harvested from Canada ’s oil sands .
In part it reflects the producer , Canada taking seriously the concerns of its largest customer – Canada is the largest supplier of energy to the U.S. .
It takes the funds already allocated in the recent U.S. and Canadian fiscal packages to carbon sequestration and other clean energy investments ( much more expansive in the US than in Canada ) .
The economic incentives of finding cheaper , more efficient technology are clear .
With California and other states moving ahead to seek cleaner fuels , the carbon footprint of the oil sands is a major burden .
And given that the U.S. government now has a political consensus around a new climate change deal , as Annette Hester notes , it is in Canada ’s interest to start making the changes that will make sure its supplies are not priced out of the carbon market which will eventually come .
the same goes for U.S. based refiners who were counting on Canadian refined crude .
Given the regulatory changes relating to emissions , the high costs of production given that the swarm of producers into Alberta led to sky - rocketing prices ( now reversing ) oil sands projects have been frozen or deferred .
This is a case where the government can create the incentives for the private sector to invest - and can best signal the direction of the developing new climate regime .
Given that the oil sands are often cited as one of several examples of more expensive supplies that will provide a price floor for oil production , it may be important development to watch .
Beckham Brilliance Assists Milan To Victory
Golden Balls was at his brilliant best tonight , as his two glorious assists and all round dominant performance , led his side to a 3 - 0 victory over Lazio at the Stadio Olimpico .
Lazio 0 - 3 Milan
Pre-Match And Team News
Juventus ’ unexpected slip - up just 24 hours prior meant that Milan had the opportunity to reclaim second place in the standings , with victory at the Stadio Olimpico against Lazio .
Meanwhile , their opponents were desperate to record their first league victory of the year , following a draw and two heavy defeats against Cagliari and Sampdoria respectively .
Lazio would have to do it without Fabio Firmani , Stephan Lichtsteiner and Pasquale Foggia , who all missed through suspension , whilst for the Rossoneri , Paolo Maldini , and Mathieu Flamini were also out suspended .
They missed the encounter along with the long term casualties in Alessandro Nesta , Gennaro Gattuso , Emerson , Marco Borriello , and Kakha Kaladze .
Carlo Ancelotti opted to start Clarence Seedorf over Ronaldinho , alongside Kaka and Pato up front , whilst he utilized Philippe Senderos and Daniele Bonera , who replaced the late withdrawal Giuseppe Favalli , in the center of defense .
Delio Rossi employed his traditional 4 - 3 - 1 - 2 formation , with Mourad Meghni playing in behind Goran Pandev and Mauro Zarate in attack .
First Half
The Rossoneri got the contest underway in the Italian capital , as they looked to keep their impressive ten year unbeaten run against Lazio alive .
However it was the home side that started the brighter , as they had a number of chances , as well as an early claim for a penalty , when Pandev seemed to be challenged by Ambrosini in the area .
Both sides were evidently tentative early on , something that was made clear by the fact that neither club could put together some consistent , free - flowing passing .
There were a number of clumsy challenges that went in as well , including one by Ambrosini that led to the first booking of the match on 16 minutes .
Just moments later , the home side were awarded a free kick in an extremely promising position , 25 yards out from goal , following a soft challenge by Senderos on Zarate from behind .
The Argentinean ’s effort was high and wide however , and no trouble whatsoever to Abbiati in goals .
The match continued in similar fashion for the next ten or so minutes , as neither side managed to create any clear cut opportunities .
The goalkeepers looked good , as did the defenders , who all looked solid and confident when challenging for the ball .
Having said this though , the home side were certainly looking the more potent when surging forward in attack .
The Rossoneri started to put some possession together at this point however , which in turn resulted in some quality opportunities on goal , most notably one that fell to Pato .
The young Brazilian , who had barely seen the ball to this point , was played through wonderfully and seemed to have the goal at his mercy , however Muslera got there first to deny him the opportunity .
Incredibly on 36 minutes , Zarate was denied by Abbiati in a one - on - one situation in the area , after he was played through brilliantly by Pandev on the right .
The Milan keeper was quick to react however , as the Lazio attacker failed in his attempt to dribble around him .
As the first half neared an end , the visitors managed to break the deadlock through Pato , completely against the run of play .
Kaka ’s ball wide to Beckham was then cut back into the area by the Englishmen , where an unmarked Pato managed to beat Muslera at the near post with a fine finish .
It was the young Brazilian ’s tenth goal of the campaign , as he continued his impressive run of form this season .
The Biancocelesti had several chances to equalize immediately after the Pato goal , with one opportunity in particular that fell to Siviglia on the 45 minute mark when the defender failed in his attempt to tap it in past Abbiati from all of six yards out .
Right on the stroke of half time , Pato scored his second in minutes , with a brilliant header from an even better ball in from Beckham once again .
The goal did not stand however , as the Brazilian was in an offside position , meaning that Milan would have to be content with their one goal advantage at the break .
Second Half
The Biancocelesti got the second half underway , however they were immediately dispossessed of the ball , as the visitors immediately managed to move forward early .
Radu ’s foul on Beckham and booking that followed after just one minute of play , resulted in a free kick in a dangerous crossing position for the Rossoneri .
Beckham stepped up to take the free kick , and his glorious ball into the area was met by the head of an unmarked Ambrosini , who scored Milan ’s second of the night .
Lazio ’s dreadful defending from the set piece led to the goal , as the Milan veteran was able to easily head the ball home from inside the six yard box , to give his side a two goal lead .
The Rossoneri were all over their opponents in the opening stages of the half , as they denied Lazio possession of the ball for long periods of time , and managed to frustrate their fans , who were becoming discontent with their side ’s performance .
To attempt to mend this problem , Delio Rossi made the first change of the clash on 65 minutes ; when Simone Inzaghi was brought on to replace Meghni in attack .
Just moments following the substitution however , Pato had the chance to make it three , as he was clean through on goal once again .
However this time the Brazilian ’s final touch was too heavy , which consequently allowed Muslera to beat him to it , and deny him of his eleventh of the season .
Kaka had a massive chance to do likewise after 73 minutes , when he was wonderfully played through by Beckham once again .
The Brazilian was successful in beating Muslera in their one on one battle ; however the woodwork prevented him from getting his name on to the score sheet .
As the half entered the final ten minutes , the home side gave everything they had , however it was Milan that made them pay on the counter attack , when Kaka slipped home the Rossoneri ’s third after 83 minutes .
An impressive one - two between Seedorf and the Brazilian was enough for the latter to easily stroll into the area and beat Muslera at the near post to make it three .
That ’s how it would end in Rome , as Milan recorded their thirteenth victory of the season , thanks to goals by Pato , Ambrosini and Kaka , who scored in the final ten minutes of play .
The result allows the Rossoneri to rise to second place , ahead of Juventus , whilst Lazio slip to tenth , as they now find themselves nine points adrift of the fourth and final Champions League qualifying position .
TEAMS
Lazio ( 4 - 3 - 1 -2 ) : Muslera ; De Silvestri , Siviglia , Rozenhal , Radu ( Kolarov , 74 ’ ) ; Brocchi ( Dabo , 74 ’ ) , Ledesma , Matuzalem ; Meghni ( Inzaghi , 65 ’ ) ; Pandev , Zarate
Milan ( 4 - 3 - 2-1 ) : Abbiati ; Zambrotta ( Darmian , 86 ’ ) , Senderos , Bonera ; Jankulovski ; Ambrosini , Pirlo , Beckham ; Kaka ( Shevchenko , 86 ’ ) , Seedorf ; Pato
GOALS
42 ’ Pato ( Milan )
48 ’ Ambrosini ( Milan )
83 ’ Kaka ( Milan )
Adrian Del Monte , Goal.com
Inspired by the Micro Uzi , this LEGO creation is capable of shooting dozens of rubber bands in a matter of seconds .
At the flip of a switch , it can go from semi-automatic to fully - automatic .
Continue reading to see more .
Click here to view the pictures in gallery format .
( Thanks , Jackson )
Video
Pictures
Overview
Not your average rubber band gun , this LEGO Uzi can fire off rounds as fast as one can pull the trigger .
It uses an 8 x 1 LEGO beam , which pivots around its center , for its firing action rather than a cog with hooks .
A drug of a class commonly used to combat bone loss may reduce by a third the chance that some breast cancers will spread or recur , a large study has found .
While it may sound odd to treat cancer with a drug that acts on bone , evidence is accumulating that such drugs may do more than just prevent the loss of bone .
Other studies are testing the drugs in patients with prostate or lung cancer .
The new study , published in Thursday ’s New England Journal of Medicine , involved 1,803 premenopausal women with tumors that were fueled by estrogen .
As part of their treatment , all received drugs that shut down their ovaries , preventing them from making estrogen , along with drugs that stymie cancer cells from using estrogen to grow .
Half also got the bone drug zoledronic acid , or Zometa , as an intravenous infusion twice a year for three years .
Those who took the drug had a 36 percent reduction in cancer recurrences and metastases , compared with women who did not get it .
After nearly four years , 54 women who received zoledronic acid and 83 who did not had a recurrence of their cancer or had a new cancer in the opposite breast or a metastasis to their bones .
Dear Straight Dope : I read recently online that " the first day of a century can never fall on a Sunday , " which seems incredible and probably wrong as the maths seems to imply that millennium years ( 1000 , 2000 etc. ) are leap years .
What is the truth ?
Whippets
SDStaff Karen Lingel replies :
It ’s not all that surprising : the calendar follows a predictable pattern , and so do the days of the week .
Since first days of the century occur so rarely ( oh , about every 100 years or so ) , it ’s entirely possible that the alignment of these two fixed repeating patterns might not allow the New Year ’s Day of a year evenly divisible by 100 – which we ’ll call the first day of the century , the protests of pedants notwithstanding – to fall on a Sunday .
But let ’s do the calculations and see .
OK : There are 365 days in a common year ( a year without a leap day ) .
Dividing 7 into 365 , we get 52 plus a remainder of 1 – a common year is exactly 52 weeks plus one day .
Therefore , from a common year to the following year , New Year ’s Day advances by one day of the week ( DOTW ) .
So if New Year ’s Day of a common year falls on a Monday , the next year ’s will be a Tuesday .
For a 366 - day leap year , the remainder is 2 , which means that going from a leap year to the year following , New Year ’s Day advances by two DOTW – e.g. , from a Monday to a Wednesday .
So : what happens to New Year ’s Day over a period of several centuries ?
Well , in a single century New Year ’s Day advances by 100 DOTW ( one per year ) plus an extra day for each leap year .
These come every four years , of course , except that a year evenly divisible by 100 is n’t a leap year .
Therefore in each century there are 24 extra leap days ( 100 divided by 4 , minus 1 ) , meaning that from one century to the next , New Year ’s advances by a gross total of 124 DOTW .
But each complete week ’s worth of days does n’t do anything to advance New Year ’s – seven days of DOTW advancement just gets you back to the day you started on – so we divide 7 into 124 and get a remainder of 5 .
( For you nonmath types : we call this procedure “ taking modulo 7 of 124 . ” )
Thus from one century to the next the net DOTW advancement is five days .
As a second century goes by , the DOTW advances another five days , for a total of ten days from the beginning of the first century .
Taking modulo 7 of 10 , we get three days of net DOTW advancement over the 200 years .
A third century advances New Year ’s another 5 days , for a total of 15 DOTW ; modulo 7 of this = 1 day of net DOTW advancement .
For the fourth century , we have to take into account the third leap year rule : years divisible by 400 do have a leap day .
So for the fourth
century , we advance the DOTW another five days plus an additional leap day , plus the 15 days accumulated over the first three centuries , for a gross total of 21 days advanced .
Take the modulo 7 of that , and you get a net total of 0 : that is , the fifth century starts on the same day of the week that the first century did .
Then the pattern starts over again .
There are no agreed - upon leap year rules with timescales longer than 400 years , so what we have is one fixed pattern that repeats itself exactly every 400 years .
Since there are only four starts - of - the - century in each four centuries , New Year ’s can fall on only four of the seven days of the week .
The winners depend solely on where the days of the week happened to line up with the cycle when the crazy leap year system was adopted .
As it works out , our system is set up so that out not only Sundays get left out , but Tuesdays and Thursdays as well .
The first New Year ’s of each 400 - year cycle falls on a Friday , the next century starts on a Wednesday , the next on a Monday , and the next one – the century beginning with a year that ’s divisible by 400 ( like , e.g. , 2000 ) – starts on a Saturday .
( Note to pedants :
If you define your centuries as beginning with the year ending in 01 , then the cycle goes Saturday - Thursday - Tuesday - Monday .
So being pedantic still wo n’t get you a century that starts on a Sunday . )
Now keep in mind that a fair amount of tinkering with the calendar occurs now and again .
Our current ( Modern Gregorian ) calendar was instituted on Friday , 15 October 1582 , and took a couple hundred years to be generally adopted .
Prior to this , the year 1100 had started on a Sunday , but timekeeping was so generally screwed up back then that when the Gregorian system was adopted , a bunch of days had to be removed to get the dates to synch up correctly with the seasons .
( In the U.S. , the missing days were September 3 through 13 , 1752 . )
There is already talk ( premature in my opinion ) that to get the current calendar to remain accurate , we ’ll need to eliminate one extra leap day every 4,000 years .
If this happens , the 400 - year pattern will shift by a day , and the first day of the century will loop through a Thursday - Tuesday - Sunday - Friday cycle .
January 1 , 4300 , would be a Sunday .
I ’m guessing , though , that if humans are n’t extinct by Jan 1 , 4300 , they ’ll be using stardates or something .
SDStaff Karen Lingel
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
Iraq war veteran : Rise in suicides in 2009 ' not surprising '
David Edwards
Published : Thursday February 5 , 2009
Print This Email This
Things seem to be getting worse on the internal battlefront .
" One week after the U.S. Army announced record suicide rates among its soldiers last year , the service is worried about a spike in possible suicides in the new year , " CNN reports .
" The Army said 24 soldiers are believed to have committed suicide in January alone -- six times as many as killed themselves in January 2008 , according to statistics released Thursday . "
The head of a Iraq war veterans group pegged " multiple deployments " as a culprit , and told MSNBC that it should n't be surprising , but the military seems to be grasping for answers .
" This is terrifying , " Col. Kathy Platoni , chief clinical psychologist for the Army Reserve and National Guard told CNN .
" We do not know what is going on . "
Platoni pointed towards the winter as a possible factor .
" There is more hopelessness and helplessness because everything is so dreary and cold , " she said .
CNN reports , " But Platoni said she sees the multiple deployments , stigma associated with seeking treatment and the excessive use of anti-depressants as ongoing concerns for mental - health professionals who work with soldiers . "
MSNBC's Tamron Hall talked to John Soltz , Iraq war veteran and founder of VoteVets.org , about the rise in soldier suicides .
" Unfortunately , I do n't find it very surprising , " Soltz said , pointing out that out of the approximately 160,000 troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan " twenty thousand of them are medicated on different things like Prozac and Zoloft . "
Soltz said that the military was " completely overextended by the Bush administration , " and was hopeful that the Obama administration would do a better job in regards to taking care of veterans .
He added that it was important for PTSD , Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder , to be " treated properly , not just give you a pill and send you back to combat . "
This video is from MSNBC's News Live , broadcast Feb. 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
in
These are better days baby
These are better days it 's true
These are better days
Better days are shining through
- Bruce Springsteen , " Better Days "
I witnessed the most incredible thing yesterday while watching the Super Bowl .
And , no , I 'm not talking about that fantastic 12 - minute tour - de - force of a performance by The Boss at halftime ( now that was a halftime show ! ! ) .
Nor am I talking about the game itself , which turned out to be pretty damn good .
I mean , I 'm not even a fan of football , but the second half certainly made for a thrilling game regardless of which team you were cheering for , which in my case was the underdog Arizona Cardinals with their 37 - year - old age - defying quarterback , Kurt Warner .
No , what I 'm talking about here had nothing to do with the game , the entertainment or even the ads .
What I am referring to is the rarest of occurrences at an American sporting event , something you 'll be hard pressed to ever witness again , at least if the recent past is any indication of what 's to come in the future .
I 'm talking about what happened - or did n't happen , to be more precise - during the post - game interviews that took place immediately following the trophy presentation to the triumphant Pittsburgh Steelers .
You probably noticed it yourself .
Not one of the four people interviewed - quarterback Ben Roethlisberger , game MVP Santonio Holmes , team owner Dan Rooney or Steelers coach Mike Tomlin - not one of these men expressed any sort of gratitude to God for their big win .
That is , unlike after just about every other Super Bowl , NBA , or World Series championship in recent years , not one of these four expressed any sort of conviction or belief in the idea that it was God Himself who had helped them vanquish their rivals and win this prestigious trophy .
That 's right , in not thanking God for intervening on their team 's behalf these Godless Steelers left open the possibility , not openly expressed in America in recent years , that God , in fact , had no interest whatsoever in which team won this year 's championship .
They also - terrifying as it may be for some to contemplate - inadvertently poisoned the minds of the millions of kids watching by instilling in these innocent children the notion that great things can actually be achieved by hard work , dedication , perhaps a bit of luck , and absolutely no divine intervention whatsoever .
Expect Jim Dobson of Focus On
The Family to launch a lawsuit within the next few days against NBC for broadcasting such indecency during prime time .
Locker Room Confidential
Perhaps America is , indeed , entering into a whole new era , not just an Obama era of hope and change , but a sane era of logic and rational thought .
But , then again , maybe not .
Because I have to admit that I turned the TV off immediately after that main post - game trophy presentation , not wanting to have this momentous occasion wrecked by some mindless locker - room on - camera comment such as " I just want to thank God for helping us out there today and Jesus for helping us make it through the playoffs and Mother Mary for making sure I , personally , made the team in the first place . "
In fact , I realize there 's a good chance that I actually missed numerous such locker - room confessions of faith about " God 's belief in this team " , but , nonetheless , I still want to acknowledge that it was one hell of a historic night .
Because , whatever went on in those late - evening interviews , nothing can take away from the fact that the immediate post - game ceremony - for once !
- was n't in any way tainted by mindless illogical ravings .
Priorities
Let 's face it , if God can't even intervene to stop the suffering and repression in places like Darfur , Somalia , Zimbabwe , Palestine , Burma and North Korea , do you really think He gives a fuck who wins the Super Bowl ?
Or any other sporting event , Oscar , or Grammy , for that matter ?
As I wrote in an earlier piece , The Don't Thank God For The Lunacy of The Runaway Ego Rant , this belief that God is literally on your side and not on the side of your opponent not only involves a giant illogical leap of superstitious lunacy , but also one hell of an oversized ego ... and perhaps even a mild case of maniacal delusions of grandeur .
Thanks Steelers
So thanks Steelers , thanks for an entertaining game of football and thanks for instilling a little bit of rationality into the world of American sports .
Thanks , especially , for not confusing the kids with ridiculous notions of divine intervention on the football field .
It is the Super Bowl , not the Superstitious Bowl , after all .
Besides , everyone knows
God is a hockey fan .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Monday , February 2nd , 2009
If you happen to be a fan of The Boss then make sure to check out this recent rave about his new album : Lucky Day : The Bruce and Woody Rave
And if you 're a football fan make sure to watch this : Holy F % $&ing Trinity : The Miracle Play
If you liked this " Godless Super Bowl Rant " then you might enjoy this one as well : What If : The Sex and Hunger Rant
And this one too : Touching The Untouchables # 5 : Pedophile God
And this one : " Loving God " Is Comin ' Out Of The Closet - The X'mas Special
And this : The Don't Thank God For The Lunacy of The Runaway Ego Rant
And for a good laugh you should definitely watch this : Another Hilarious Stephen Colbert Clip : " Better Know a Lobby - Atheism "
For more on Religion click here : Religion
Final tests on the gelato at the centre of the Coogee Bay Hotel scandal have come back inconclusive , with the DNA trace too weak to identify the person responsible for the murky affair .
The NSW Food Authority has declared " case closed " after completing testing on a sample of gelato served to the Whyte family at the hotel on October 5 , and which was found to contain faeces .
The Sydney family were served the free ice - cream after earlier complaining about the hotel 's service .
Thousands seek Census jobs in down economy Lawyers are lining up .
Wall Street brokers are applying .
Retirees and stay - at - home moms and dads are ready to work .
Even though some jobs last no more than a week and pay as little as $ 10 an hour , the Census Bureau is attracting so many applicants that the agency is way ahead of its recruitment goals for the 2010 national head count .
2010 COUNT NEARS : Census Bureau still needs director
It 's a thin silver lining to the financial crisis as high unemployment and economic uncertainty make recruiting 3.8 million Census workers this year and next a lot easier .
The hiring binge is adding jobs that pay $ 10 to $ 34 an hour and may last a week to two years across the USA : 7,000 people in the next 18 months in Montana and northern Wyoming ; more than 800 people in Kern County , Calif. ; 800 in Vermont .
The New York regional office , which includes New York City and 10 counties in New Jersey , will need about 6,000 people this spring .
The quality of applicants is up a notch , too .
" There are a lot of people who swallowed their pride and decided they need a paycheck , " says Arnold Jackson , associate director for the decennial Census .
" It 's eased the challenge of recruiting , and hopefully it can help people get on their feet . "
In preparation for counting every person in the nation — a task that takes place every 10 years as required by the Constitution — the Census needs almost 145,000 people to begin " address canvassing " the first week of April .
Equipped with handheld computers that have built - in Global Positioning System devices , workers will go house to house and street to street to verify that the Census has every address on its books .
The list will be used to mail Census forms in April 2010 , when the official count is taken .
Another wave of foot soldiers will be deployed after the Census forms are mailed next year to knock on doors at addresses where people did n't return the questionnaires .
Through much of this decade , former Census manager Alvin Aviles , 45 , stayed at home in New York City with his daughter , now 7 , and son , 4 , while his wife , a banker , continued her career .
When job announcements for the 2010 Census began , Aviles decided he would work again .
" Obviously , as a stay - at - home dad , we have to maintain a budget , " Aviles says .
Hired in October to manage a Brooklyn office , he has seen firsthand the effect the financial meltdown has had on hiring .
" We got thousands and thousands " of applicants , he says , many who are unemployed or looking for part - time jobs to supplement their incomes .
" We have engineers from MTA ( Metropolitan Transportation Authority ) … people who come out of banking at Merrill Lynch , brokers , " he says .
" There are a lot of overly qualified people applying . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
W hat ’s the silliest thing you have heard in the past year or two ?
Take your time .
Our candidate comes from Tobias Meyer , Sotheby ’s head of contemporary art , who declared in 2007 that “ the best art is the most expensive because the market is so smart . ”
Now , we are great admirers of the wisdom of the market .
But would even the most doctrinaire free - marketeer — one , anyway , not dazzled by the glitter of the contemporary art world — argue that market price determined aesthetic value ?
The philosopher David Hume famously argued that “ durable appreciation , ” not any intrinsic quality , ultimately provided the measure of artistic value .
Whether Hume was correct is a matter of dispute .
But at least he placed the locus of value in long - term public judgment and delectation , not sticker price .
We came across that quotation from Mr. Meyer in “ A Second Tulip Mania , ” an article by Ben Lewis and Jonathan Ford in the December issue of the English monthly Prospect .
The piece is not about horticulture , but culture — at least , it is about the bubble now showing itself in a debased precinct of culture , the world of contemporary art .
That ’s “ bubble ” as in “ South Sea Bubble ” — the early eighteenth - century stock scam that ruined thousands , including many aristocrats — or the mania for tulip bulbs which swept through Holland in the mid-seventeenth century .
Charles Mackay , in his nineteenth - century classic , Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds , explained how it works .
Stage One : enthusiasm evolving promptly into euphoria :
At first , as in all these gambling mania , confidence was at its height , and every body gained .
Many individuals grew suddenly rich .
A golden bait hung temptingly out before the people , and one after the other , they rushed to the tulip - marts , like flies around a honey - pot .
Every one imagined that the passion for tulips would last for ever , and that the wealthy from every part of the world would send to Holland , and pay whatever prices were asked for them … .
Nobles , citizens , farmers , mechanics , sea-men , footmen , maid - servants , even chimney - sweeps and old clothes - women , dabbled in tulips .
People of all grades converted their property into cash , and invested it in flowers .
Houses and lands were offered for sale at ruinously low prices , or assigned in payment of bargains made at the tulip - mart .
Foreigners became smitten with the same frenzy , and money poured into Holland from all directions .
Naturally , the euphoria could not last .
Stage Two : sudden disillusionment declining directly to depression , then despair :
At last , however , the more prudent began to see that this folly could not last for ever … .
As this conviction spread , prices fell , and never rose again .
Confidence was destroyed , and a universal panic seized upon the dealers .
… Defaulters were announced day after day in all the towns of Holland .
Hundreds who , a few months previously , had begun to doubt that there was such a thing as poverty in the land , suddenly found themselves the possessors of a few bulbs , which nobody would buy , even though they offered them at one quarter of the sums they had paid for them .
The cry of distress resounded every where , and each man accused his neighbour .
Many who , for a brief season , had emerged from the humbler walks of life , were cast back into their original obscurity .
Substantial merchants were reduced almost to beggary , and many a representative of a noble line saw the fortunes of his house ruined beyond redemption .
S ound familiar ?
As Messrs .
Lewis and Ford show , the circuit from euphoria to catastrophe is not confined to the housing market and over - leveraged hedge funds .
It applies , with ghastly pertinence , to that carnival of pretense and grotesquerie , the world of contemporary art .
Stage One , the acceleration .
It was an international inebriation : “ The Chinese painter Zhang Xiaogang saw his work appreciate 6,000 times , from $ 1,000 to $ 6 m ( 1999 –2008 ) ; work by the American artist Richard Prince went up 60 to 80 times ( 2003 –2008 ) .
The German painter Anselm Reyle was unknown in 2003 ; you could have picked up one of his stripe paintings for € 14,000 .
Now he has a studio with 60 assistants turning them out for about € 200,000 each . ”
M essrs .
Lewis and Ford analyze what ’s happening in the world of contemporary art — or , rather , in the world of the contemporary art market — as a “ classic investment bubble . ”
There ’s a lot to be said for the analogy — or maybe it ’s more than an analogy .
The metabolism of the contemporary art market has learned a lot from the “ specullecting ” practices — part collecting , larger part financial speculation — of entrepreneurs like Charles Saatchi , the advertising mogul who was so immensely successful at insinuating the values and methods of celebrity advertising into the world of contemporary art .
First , find some unknown young artists who produce items of nugatory aesthetic but substantial shock value ; buy their wares for a song ; then open your own museum to exhibit them and devote your immense skills as a PR specialist to talking them up .
Presto : huge profits , some of which can be reinvested in next year ’s crop of enfants terribles .
But Saatchi seems almost amateurish next to the financial moguls who have entered the art market in recent years .
“ The Georgian Boris Ivanishvili , ” Messrs .
Lewis and Ford report , “ spent $ 95 m on Picasso ’s Dora Maar au Chat — a work of art that he still has n’t unpacked .
When it was flown back to Tbilisi , the airport was closed down and the army turned out to ensure the work ’s transfer to a secure warehouse . ”
Ivanishvili and others like him “ did n’t simply shove their wealth into contemporary art , they imported the strategies of financial investment into art collecting . ”
More .
Faster .
Richer .
Higher… .
Pop .
But this bubble is now deflating .
Sotheby ’s share price has lost three quarters of its value over the past year , sinking from its peak of $ 57 in October 2007 to $ 9 in early November — close to its 1980s low of $ 8 .
The latest round of contemporary art auctions in London has gone badly .
In October , the Phillips de Pury sale made only £ 5 m — a quarter of the minimum estimate ; at Christie ’s almost half the lots did n’t sell ; and an air of denial hung over the Frieze art fair like a fog .
Even as we write , the final phase of the bubble — panic , followed by a sudden burst — is upon us .
Leavening the panic is denial , which yields some extravagant rhetorical tergiversations .
“ The propaganda of the art entrepreneurs , ” write Messrs .
Lewis and Ford , “ has also reached a final level of absurdity .
We were told that the decline of paper assets would lead to ‘ a flight of capital into art . ’” Just last June , the excellent Tobias Meyer informed the public that the art market goes in only one direction : up .
“ For the first time since 1914 , ” he said , “ we are in a non-cyclical market . ”
Tulips , anyone ?
Inquiring minds are noting similarities between the implosion in Ireland and the implosion in California .
Let 's take a look starting with In Ireland , " the game is up "
DUBLIN — At 2 a.m. , with time for compromise running out , the Irish prime minister finally presented his emergency plan for the floundering economy to the country ’s trade union leaders .
He proposed an average 7 percent reduction in gross pay for bureaucrats , teachers , police , firefighters , road cleaners and everyone else on the public payroll , in the form of a levy to finance their pensions .
He made clear that without an agreement the government would do it anyway .
Inevitably the union leaders said “ No . ” They could n't sell it to their members .
The country ’s trade union leaders will meet in the coming weeks to decide whether they will follow French trade unionists and organize strikes .
David Begg , the Irish Congress of Trade Unions general , warned of a “ revolution ” from lower - paid public workers .
With calls for everyone — including those financially well off — to share the pain , highly - paid broadcasters on RTE , the government - subsidised TV and radio station , volunteered to take a 10 percent pay cut .
The ramifications of the economic crisis are being felt across Irish society :
In the private sector there are now 300,000 unemployed .
Some 10,000 people are losing their jobs every month and unemployment is predicted to rise from 6 percent to 10 percent this year .
Schwarzenegger Plan for Furloughs Upheld by Judge
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger can order thousands of state workers to take two unpaid days off a month to cut $ 1.4 billion from the budget , a judge ruled .
Superior Court Judge Patrick Marlette in Sacramento , California , today ruled in favor of Schwarzenegger in a lawsuit brought by employee unions seeking to block the furloughs .
Schwarzenegger said yesterday that he would lay off workers to achieve the savings if he lost in court .
“ I cannot help but recognize the huge impact this will have on state workers , ” Marlette said at a hearing today in Sacramento .
“ My job is not to rule if this is the right solution but whether his action is authorized by law . ”
The unpaid days off , scheduled to begin Feb. 6 for 238,0000 workers , amount to a 10 percent pay cut , according to labor unions that oppose them .
Schwarzenegger , a Republican , ordered the furloughs to help conserve cash .
California , the most - populous U.S. state , is anticipated to have $ 42 billion less than it will need to pay for schools , police and other services through June 2010 because the recession and stock market have lowered tax revenue .
Counties Threaten Tax Revolt
California counties are throwing another wrinkle into the state 's cash crisis as Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders try to agree on a way to erase a $ 42 billion budget deficit .
Several counties are considering some form of tax revolt — either filing lawsuits or delaying tax payments to the state — because the governor has proposed withholding payments to them for as long as seven months in a move to preserve cash .
Local governments already are missing out because the state has imposed a 30 - day payment delay to counties .
That was part of a move by the state controller to delay refunds to taxpayers , money for college tuition - assistance programs and payments to state vendors .
The Riverside County Board of Supervisors authorized staff to file a lawsuit , while elected officials in Colusa County decided to impose a 30 - day delay on sending any taxes and fees it collects to the state .
" We will have to shut the doors , " said Kim Dolbow - Vann , a supervisor in Colusa County , north of the state capital .
" We do n't have the borrowing capacity " to backfill delayed payments .
Los Angeles County also is considering payment delays .
County Supervisor Don Knabe said it 's important to know whether the state 's threat to withhold money is legal .
Schwarzenegger 's finance spokesman , H.D. Palmer , said it 's not clear whether the withholdings would have a significant effect on state government .
Counties collect property taxes , which go to public schools .
Palmer suggested the state could in turn withhold sales tax revenue from the counties because the state needs to ensure it has enough cash throughout the year to pay its debt .
" We do n't put these proposals forward lightly , " Palmer said .
" We will move heaven and earth to ensure that bond holders will be paid on schedule . "
Winter of Discontent
Spreading strikes , reduced workweeks and tens of thousands of job cuts are throwing British Prime Minister Gordon Brown back to the 1970s .
With 16 months before he has to call an election , Brown is facing the toughest test of a Labour premier since James Callaghan ’s so - called Winter of Discontent in 1979 , after which the party was cast out of office for almost two decades .
“ They ’ve sold us down the river , ” said Charles Hilton , 61 , an electrician from Hull in northern England who was out on strike yesterday with local oil - refinery workers .
“ We ’re going to see civil unrest in this country .
It ’s already started .
It will grow unless things are sorted . ”
Matthew Worley , a history lecturer at Reading University and author of a book on the Labour Party in the 1920s and 30s , sees a parallel to Depression - era politics .
“ There was a big fear of unemployment ; a lot of people saw themselves as skilled people yet they were being undermined not by better labor , but by cheaper labor , ” Worley said .
“ And you see again the idea that what happens somewhere else today will happen to us next . ”
Also reminiscent of the 1930s is the growing presence of a nationalist party .
The anti-immigrant British National Party has had representatives at all of the demonstrations at refineries and plants , said Simon Darby , its deputy leader .
The cookbook features more than 40 recipes
A cookbook based on notes by Charles Darwin 's wife is to be published .
Mrs Charles Darwin's Recipe
Book features more than 40 dishes from her personal cookery notebook , which is housed in Cambridge University Library .
Turnip cresselly , broiled mushrooms , cheese straws and baked apple pudding all feature in the Victorian notes .
Sales of the book , which is being published by the university , will help fund research into , and the publication of , Mr Darwin 's letters .
Adam Perkins , curator of scientific manuscripts at Cambridge University Library , said : " His ( Charles Darwin's ) theory of evolution by natural selection is one of the most important in the history of science and we are still studying everything he wrote .
" But it 's an expensive process and requires skilled people , so continued funding of the project is vital . "
Charles Darwin attended Christ 's College at Cambridge University between 1828 and 1831 .
Sociala Alba fata de hotararea judecatoareasca prin care i s - a dat castig de cauza mamei care reclama statul ca ii plateste indemnizatie doar pentru un singur copil , desi are tripleti , informeaza Mediafax .
Danciu , care s- a reprezentat singura , a spus ca decizia instantei supreme prin care ea a castigat
procesul cu statul este una corecta .
La iesirea din sala de judecata , Ionela Danciu a spus ca “ greul nu a trecut inca ” , precizand ca institutia cu care se judeca a facut si o cerere de revizuire a deciziei prin care ea a castigat .
Aceasta cerere se va judeca la instanta suprema in 27 ianuarie 2009 .
In respectiva cerere de revizuire , Directiei de Munca si Incluziune Sociala Alba arata ca , la solutionarea cauzei pe fond , trebuia citat si Guvernul Romaniei .
O femeie din Aiud , judetul Alba , a castigat , in 9 octombrie , la un complet de trei judecatori al Inaltei Curti de Casatie si Justitie , procesul cu Directia de Munca si Protectie Sociala Alba , pe care o actionase in judecata pentru ca are tripleti , dar primeste indemnizatie pentru un singur copil .
Ţi-a plăcut articolul ?
Votează , comentează sau trimite mai departe .
Have you enjoyed Ariels Blog 's Nude Picture ?
See more teen sex galleries
There are many scenes and images in “ Coraline ” that are likely to scare children .
This is not a warning but rather a recommendation , since the cultivation of fright can be one of the great pleasures of youthful moviegoing .
As long as it does n’t go too far toward violence or mortal dread , a film that elicits a tingle of unease or a tremor of spookiness can be a tonic to sensibilities dulled by wholesome , anodyne , school - approved entertainments .
Books , these days , often do a better job than movies of parceling out juvenile terror .
There is plenty of grisly screen horror out there for teenagers , of course , but younger children are more amply served by fiction from the likes of R. L. Stine , Roald Dahl and Neil Gaiman , on whose fast - moving , suspenseful novel “ Coraline ” is based .
The film , an exquisitely realized 3 - D stop- motion animated feature directed and written by Henry Selick ( “ The Nightmare Before Christmas , ” “ James and the Giant Peach ” ) has a slower pace and a more contemplative tone than the novel .
It is certainly exciting , but rather than race through ever noisier set pieces toward a hectic climax in the manner of so much animation aimed at kids , “ Coraline ” lingers in an atmosphere that is creepy , wonderfully strange and full of feeling .
Its look and mood may remind adult viewers at various times of the dreamscapes of Tim Burton ( with whom Mr. Selick worked on “ Nightmare ” ) , Guillermo del Toro and David Lynch .
Like those filmmakers Mr. Selick is interested in childhood not as a condition of sentimentalized , passive innocence but rather as an active , seething state of receptivity in which consciousness itself is a site of wondrous , at times unbearable drama .
The governing emotion , at the beginning , is loneliness .
A smart , brave girl named Coraline Jones , voiced by Dakota Fanning , has recently moved from Michigan to an apartment in a big pink Victorian house somewhere in Oregon .
She is at an age when the inadequacy of her parents starts to become apparent , and Coraline ’s stressed - out , self - absorbed mom and dad ( Teri Hatcher and John Hodgman ) , who write about gardening , barely look up from their computer screens when she ’s in the room .
And so , like many a children ’s book heroine before her , Coraline sets out to explore her curious surroundings , interweaving the odd details of everyday reality with the bright threads of imagination .
She is accompanied from time to time by a local boy ( Robert Bailey Jr. ) and a talking cat ( Keith David ) .
On Monday I posted a retro puzzle contest for vintage computing fans .
Starting with only a confusing image of jumbled 8 - bit characters , I promised that players would proceed through a tricky series of nested challenges , ultimately leading to the name of a person .
If you ’ve read the book ( or seen the movie ) Ready Player One , then you ’ve seen this type of puzzle chain .
I predicted that knowledge of vintage computers , software engineering , and 1980s cultural references would be helpful .
And I offered a $ 100 gift certificate to whoever solved the puzzle and identified the mystery person first .
SPOILER ALERT !
The puzzle was solved by the pseudonymous “ frogor ” , 28 hours after it was first posted .
Congratulations !
I ’m going to describe the solution here , and the several different layers of the puzzle ’s challenges .
If you ’d like to attempt solving the puzzle yourself first , read no further !
It ’s not an easy puzzle , and you wo n’t solve it in 5 minutes , maybe not in 5 hours , but you ’ll find a retro - techno - challenge that ’s worthy of the time you invest in it .
See the original puzzle announcement here .
Level 1
The puzzle begins with a 39 x 26 grid of random - looking letters , numbers , and symbols .
OK , now what ?
Several people suggested that it was some type of ASCII autostereogram image .
Others thought that if they squinted , they could sort of imagine three rows of large letter - type structures , separated by hearts .
Interesting theories , but if you could simply stare at the first clue and see the answer , that would hardly be a “ series of challenges ” .
No , that would n’t be a puzzle worthy of this audience .
But there are a lot of hearts in the image – what might their significance be ?
Also diamonds , clubs , and spades .
And all the glyphs look conspicuously bitmap-y , like the glory days of 8 - bit computers .
And then there ’s the odd choice of blue - on - blue color scheme .
Hmm .
Identifying the font used in the image seems like a good idea .
So how can you do that ?
If you ’re lucky , you ’ll recognize it immediately , because you were immersed in it for hours every day during your formative years .
Otherwise , you will probably have to brainstorm the names of various vintage computers , look for examples of their character set fonts , and see if they look like a match .
Some people pointed to code page 437 , and others to PETSCII , which both look close but are n’t quite right .
Some of their glyphs have slightly different shapes than the clue ’s image , and a few glyphs from the clue ’s image are n’t present in code page 437 or PETSCII fonts .
The font used here is actually ATASCII , from the Atari 8 - bit series of home computers sold between 1979 - 1991 .
The blue - on - blue color scheme is a clue .
Those are the default text colors used by the Atari 8 - bit computers .
And all those hearts ?
The heart is the first entry in the ATASCII character set .
Level 2
Atari font , check .
Now what ?
Maybe it ’s a clue ?
“ Atari ” plus random gibberish symbols equals the name of the mystery person ?
Maybe not .
A font map is a mapping between numbers and glyphs .
In the case of ATASCII , there are 256 different glyphs corresponding to the numbers 0 through 255 – one byte .
For example , the heart is ATASCII value 0 , and the capital A is ATASCII value 65 ( hex 0x41 ) .
Converting all the glyphs to the equivalent byte value seems like it could be useful , but how ?
If you ’re a masochist , you could open two side - by - side windows with the image from the clue and the ATASCII font map , and do the conversion by hand .
There are about 1000 glyphs in the image from the level 1 clue , so this would take a long time , and you ’d probably make some mistakes .
A better solution might be to write a small program to automate the process .
Inspection of the clue ’s image shows that each glyph is 8 x 8 pixels .
So write a program to compare each 8 x 8 block from the clue ’s image with 8 x 8 blocks from the ATASCII map , until it finds a match , and then record which ATASCII entry it was .
Even better , use some existing software to do the conversion for you .
Frogor writes “ I used ImageMagick with some character tables to break apart the grid into individual characters and automate mapping them to their character set byte values . ”
When the conversion is done , you ’ll have an array of 1014 bytes .
Level 3
Now what can you do with this array of bytes ?
What is it ?
It seems to have some kind of structure : there are a large number of 0 bytes , and other values like 17 ( hex 0x11 ) appear very frequently .
It ’s definitely not random data .
Making sense of the data is tricky .
Maybe you can try to guess what sort of data I would put here , knowing the parameters and theme of the puzzle contest .
Or maybe you have lots of hacking experience , and can recognize the raw forms of common file types and data structures just by staring at the bytes .
The people from level 1 who thought they could see three rows of large letter - type structures actually had a good idea .
Frogor writes “ I tried to figure out what my output - was - and could very definitely see some data structure by shifting the rows of hex bytes one character at a time .
Since ‘ file ’ did n’t recognize it , I guessed it might be an image encoding of some sort – GraphicConverter RAW Import has an - amazing - visualizer which lets you play with the various settings until I tried as a last ditch effort a color encoding I probably should have started with . ”
Yes , the bytes are a simple two - color bitmap , in raw form without any headers or other metadata .
It ’s just a grid of pixels .
If you write each byte in binary , with a black pixel for a 1 bit and a white pixel for a 0 bit , then the 39 x 26 grid of glyphs from the first clue is converted into a 312 x 26 two - color bitmap image .
Each one - byte glyph has eight bits which encode eight pixels horizontally , so the converted bitmap is eight times wider than the original grid of glyphs .
And oh , what a bitmap it is .
Level 4
The upper - right of the bitmap says “ BMOW RETRO PUZZLE AUG 2020 ” .
Good , that tells you you ’re in the right place .
Then there ’s some kind of weird code , and a couple of clock / arrow things pointing in different directions .
Right .
It does n’t take a rocket surgeon to recognize that this is some type of substitution cypher .
Those boxy and wedgy shapes with dots inside them are clustered into groups that look like words , and the clusters
and
appear twice , on both the second line and the third .
Maybe you immediately recognize this as the Pigpen Cypher , a classic cypher that ’s often used in games and puzzles .
Or maybe you search Google for “ cypher with lines with dots inside them ” , and are rewarded with Pigpen Cypher as the top result .
It seems Frogor was initially stumped , but was saved by outside help .
“ The next stage of decoding gave a tantalizing clue in the first row – but figuring out the second and third rows I credit to a suggestion of a friend . ”
Performing a Pigpen substitution for the second and third rows of the bitmap reveals some new text .
But two of the dots do n’t seem to be part of the Pigpen cypher .
Level 5
Here ’s where knowledge of 1980s cultural references comes into play .
“ We see farther . ”
If you were alive in the 80s and were involved in the home computer scene , you recognize this as the slogan of game developer Electronic Arts .
And if you do n’t recognize it , Electronic Arts is the top search result for this phrase .
The other lines are just lists of numbers .
There ’s also a mystery dot on each line , and those clock / arrow things at the end of each line .
What ’s this all about ?
What if you replace the numbers with the corresponding letters of the alphabet ?
It sounds worth a try .
That gives you DI·FCDG and H·CEFG .
Ugh .
Maybe the numbers are referencing one of the people on this iconic Electronic Arts “ We See Farther ” poster ?
Maybe those clock / arrow things are pointing to someone on the poster ?
Or maybe they are n’t actually clocks or arrows , but compasses pointing north and east ?
That looks interesting !
In that case , the mystery dots could be decimal points for a latitude and longitude in decimal degrees format .
Frogor says “ in hindsight the helpers on the right side were nice confirmation of being on the right path ” .
What is at :
49.6347 degrees north
8.3567 degrees east
Google Maps provides a quick and ready answer for the latitude / longitude lookup .
Level 6
The location is somewhere in Germany , at something called “ Worms Hbf ” .
Your German - speaking friend or a dictionary will tell you that Hbf is an abbreviation for Hauptbahnhof , the main train station in a city .
Investigating the map further confirms that 49.6347 N , 8.3567 E is the location of the central train station in the city of Worms , Germany .
Level 7
WE SEE FARTHER
ELECTRONIC ARTS
WORMS , GERMANY
We see farther .
Electronic Arts. Worms .
All the pieces are here , but what do they mean ?
Is there some other clue in these words ?
If there ’s some connection here , it ’s not obvious .
If you go back to that Electronic Arts poster again , and take a closer look :
DAVID MAYNARD ( arms folded ) never intended that his innocently entitled WORMS ?
should become the Air Force ’s secret I.Q. test for alien species .
He does not endorse the wanton gambling cult that has sprung up around this product .
And he deeply regrets the inhumane uses it has been put to by the Bulgarian Secret Police .
“ WORMS ? ” , he says , “ was only meant as a lighthearted exploration of limited artificial intelligence using pretty light and simple music . ”
Right , David .
Seven levels deep into the puzzle , the mystery person is finally revealed !
Phew !
Success at last .
Creating the Puzzle
My original inspiration for this puzzle was simply “ encode some stuff in ATASCII ” .
My first computer was an Atari 800 , and I spent many hours staring at its strange square letters and symbols .
They ’re etched in my brain .
The idea to use an obscured latitude and longitude came from Brainchase .
If you have kids that enjoy puzzles , they ’ll love Brainchase .
Or forget your kids and sign up for yourself .
The first levels of their puzzles are simple enough for even young kids , but to finish them all requires hardcore problem - solving skills .
And they have super cool prizes like buried treasure .
Eventually I arrived at the central idea : a latitude / longitude that points to a city whose name is also an English word , that when combined with another phrase , will uniquely identify somebody .
“ We see farther ” jumped into my head immediately as a recognizable 1980s phrase that fit the puzzle ’s retro-computer theme .
I played loads of EA games as a kid , and also worked at Electronic Arts for many years as an adult .
To make the puzzle fit together , I needed to find an EA game whose name was also the name of a city .
And it could n’t be just any EA game , it needed to be an early game from the era when “ We see farther ” was still in use .
There are no cities named “ Archon ” or “ Pinball Construction Set ” , but Worms fit the bill perfectly .
So you see , I did n’t actually choose the mystery person .
I chose the puzzle format , and the identity of the mystery person was determined for me .
Finding a latitude / longitude for Worms was harder than I expected .
A city is a large place ; it does n’t have a precise latitude / longitude .
No matter what coordinates I entered into Google Maps , the default behavior was to show a very zoomed - in view of streets and individual buildings , rather than a regional or national map of Germany .
I worried this might give people the wrong idea .
Would they understand that the clue meant the whole city of Worms , and not some random shopping mall or Burger King in the city ?
What building should I point to ?
I eventually settled on the train station as a stand - in for the city itself .
For the Pigpen cipher , I created a custom Pigpen font using Bitfontmaker2 .
This probably was n’t necessary , but it was fun to type my secret messages in plaintext and have them automatically rendered in Pigpen .
The other elements of the bitmap were drawn in by hand , to create the finished bitmap shown in level 4 .
I used LVGL ’s Online Image Converter to turn the bitmap into an array of hexadecimal bytes .
Then I wrote a short Python program to turn the hex bytes into decimal bytes spread across DATA statements for use with BASIC .
As a final step , I wrote an ATARI BASIC program and ran it in the Atari800 MacX emulator .
10 FOR R=1 TO 26 20 FOR X=1 TO 39 30 READ NUM 40 PRINT CHR$ ( 27 ) ; CHR$( NUM ) ; 50 NEXT X 60 PRINT 70 NEXT R 1000 DATA 65 , 31 , 192 , 32 , 143 , ...
CHR $ ( 27 ) is the escape sequence .
It ensures that control characters like tabs , newlines , and the bell are rendered as ATASCII glyphs instead of performing their control functions .
Running this BASIC program created the finished image used for the first clue at level 1 .
Because the image came from a real ( emulated )
Atari rather than some paint program , I could be confident the glyphs , colors , and spacing were 100 % accurate .
This ensured that people could correctly identify the font , and do a pixel - by - pixel comparison against the ATASCII font map if necessary .
A Sequel ?
I really enjoyed developing this puzzle , even though it took a long time to create .
I also enjoyed watching other people ’s thought processes as they tried to solve it .
A friend of mine “ live - texted ” me his progress , which was lots of fun , even though he never finished .
I was a little bit disappointed that more people did n’t attempt the puzzle .
Maybe lots of people took a brief look at it , were n’t sure where to begin , and immediately gave up .
Or maybe people did n’t really understand what kind of puzzle it was , or why it might be interesting and worthwhile for them to invest time in solving it .
That leads to thoughts of a sequel .
Now that puzzle # 1 is done , and more people understand what this puzzle format it all about , I ’m hoping there might be greater interest in a new one .
I would enjoy the challenge .
Would you ?
MOUNTAIN VIEW , Calif . 
It is hard to think of any job - hunting skills that Alexis Lovell lacks .
As a recruiter for Silicon Valley technology companies , and before that , for retailers , she has advised job candidates on résumé preparation , personal presentation and interview skills for the last eight years .
Networking strategies and trolling social networks and online job sites are the tools of her trade .
Yet none of those things is helping one candidate in need of a job these days : Ms. Lovell herself .
Unemployed since mid-November , when Plantronics let go of its five recruiters , Ms. Lovell has reached out by e-mail message to nearly 400 well - connected hiring managers and technology executives she knows , and she has phoned about that many .
“ No bites , ” she said during a networking luncheon for recruiters earlier this month in Mountain View , not far from the campuses of Google , Yahoo , Microsoft and other tech giants .
When she is not looking for work , Ms. Lovell spends much of her time with her 2 - year - old daughter , whom she took out of day care to save money .
“ I am trying to make the best of my time at home , ” Ms. Lovell said .
“ And not shop , ” she chuckled .
The majority of the approximately 90 recruiters who attended the networking luncheon were in the same situation .
The monthly luncheon , now in its 11th year , has long been a source of job leads for countless recruiters , and many showed up last week with the faint hope of hearing about an opening for themselves .
What they found were old friends , unemployed colleagues and words of encouragement .
They also got a few tips on adapting their skills to other professions and one offer for affordable health care .
There is a lot of misguided brouhaha in Congress about getting banks to lend .
Here is one such story that typifies the Congressional madness : Frank Says Obama to Force Banks in TARP to Lend More .
House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank said President Barack Obama will require banks receiving government aid to lend more to businesses and consumers , saying the Bush administration “ made a mistake ” by not setting stricter rules for institutions getting funds from the $ 700 billion financial - rescue package .
“ I think you ’re going to see the Obama administration , having learned from that , push for much more lending , ” Frank said today on ABC’s This Week .
“ There are going to be some real rules in there . ”
Keep Your Money But Lend It
Banks that are being scolded by the government for not lending are blaming a new obstacle :
The government itself .
Banks say they are caught in a frustrating Catch - 22 :
How can they make more loans when creditworthy borrowers are scarce , their balance sheets are saddled with bad debt and regulators are hounding them to horde cash ?
" We want to lend , but the regulators are flat - out telling us , ' Get your capital up . '
Then there 's Congress telling you to lend it all out , " said Greg Melvin , a board member at FNB Corp. , a Hermitage , Penn . - based bank that got $ 100 million in bailout money .
" Two arms of the government are saying exactly the opposite thing - it's ridiculous , " added Melvin , who is also chief investment officer at investment firm C.S. McKee .
Money 's Available , Who Wants It ?
C.R. “ Rusty ” Cloutier of MidSouth Bank wants to heed President Barack Obama ’s call to lend money .
It ’s his customers who are n’t paying attention .
Cloutier , chief executive officer of MidSouth Bancorp Inc. in Lafayette , Louisiana , received a $ 20 million cash infusion from the U.S. government on Jan. 9 and instructed loan officers to line up borrowers .
Then he went on the road to make personal appeals at 14 town hall meetings .
“ What we want to do is make people aware we have $ 250 million to lend , ” Cloutier said Jan. 28 at the branch in downtown Lafayette .
The 20 or so in the audience were outnumbered by bank employees handing out cookies and bottled water .
Nobody asked for an application .
For now , many customers are sitting tight , said Curtis Hage , CEO of closely held Home Federal Bank of Sioux Falls , South Dakota , which received $ 25 million of TARP money .
“ We ’re not going to put our balance sheet more at risk for the sake of public policy , ” Hage said .
“ If people thought the government would give banks money and they would turn around and leverage that and lend it , that ’s not the way it works , ” said Robert E. Litan , a senior fellow in economic studies at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
Attitudes Rule
There ’s been a lot of pundit fervor recently on the topic of newspapers and their uncertain future .
There are many hands , here , but the general crux of recent commentary pits an “ Information lives free or we all die ! ” philosophy versus a “ Look at iTunes ’ $ 0.99 single tracks ! ” side .
The fact that micropayment platforms are being debated is in and of itself a good sign .
At least people are thinking about monetizing newspapers in ways other than ads , ads and more ads .
Everyone knows that newspapers are hemorrhaging / bleeding / evaporating / drying up / falling apart .
The question remains :
What are we going to do about it ?
Steve Brill , a man of , in and from the media industry , lays out the most comprehensive micropayment platform to date .
His idea is buffeted by the belief that online ad revenue will simply not be able to sustain high - level journalism .
He wants readers to pay small , flat fees of a dollar or two a month ; with The New York Times boasting some 20 million unique hits a month , the math is simple and optimistic .
But what trips up Brill — and the other iTunes - for - newspapers crowd , such as the Times ’ David Carr — is that the iTunes analogy is a terrible one .
iTunes flourishes in large part because you can hear the music for free via MySpace , Pandora , LastFM and dozens of other streaming sites .
You know what you ’re paying for , already .
Mark Hamilton points out the obvious point that the Internet public looks at dozens , if not hundreds , of sites in a given month or week ( or day ! ) .
Many of those 20 million unique hits on the NYT ’s website are one - offs , skimmers — basically a chunk of the macrocosmic ebb and flow of Internet traffic .
These are n’t the people who would pay some $ 100 dollars a year ( a la The Wall Street Journal ) for access to a website .
Walter Isaacson , over at Time , recently weighed in on the side of micropayments :
In an advertising - only revenue model , the incentive is perverse .
It is also self - defeating , because eventually you will weaken your bond with your readers if you do not feel directly dependent on them for your revenue
There are some excellent anti-micropayment opinions out there , too .
First , Frédéric Filloux , writing over at Monday Note , had this complicating perspective :
In a regular newspaper , popular sections tend to subsidy the less attractive ones — such as politics , business or science .
All of these news items are supported , without distinction , by the same revenue system : advertising and copy sales .
Once you slice up the content and assign a counter to each component , it becomes a different story : an important article on the state of the national debt will be outranked by a factor of 100 by the latest Brad Pitt gossip .
That ’s how the world really works , like it or not .
The risk is that , at some point , an obscure bean counter will raise the flag on the costs of the financial columnist vs. the celebrity desk , the latter scoring a much higher audience .
Slicing up content reveals inconvenient truths that raises obstacles to the pay - per-article model .
Second , Slate founding editor Michael Kinsley had this to say in yesterday ’s New York Times :
The Times , the Post and a few others probably will survive .
When the recession ends , advertising will come back , with fewer places to go .
There will be a couple of surprises — local papers that execute their transfer to the Web so brilliantly that they will earn a national readership ( like the old Manchester Guardian in England ) .
Or some Web site might mutate into a real Web newspaper .
Kinsley ’s math , which is probably based on Brill ’s numbers , is n’t as wide - angled as Brill ’s plan .
But his larger point is clear :
Let the cards fall where they may .
I would counter :
At what cost ?
Yes , the Times and the Post and a few other national papers will survive , but Kinsley ’s timeline starts with when the economy “ recovers , ” as vague a starting point as any .
We ’re talking about a product .
Information .
Should it be free ?
Does the public have the right to information ?
The Obama Administration is slowly , but surely , upgrading open Government 1.0 as a means to bring actual , legit public information to the public .
And yet , it would be hard to argue the fundamental role — however skewed it gets — the media plays in democratic discourse .
It is argued you do n’t pay for the news ; you pay for the paper and ink and the delivery service .
You do n’t pay to talk to someone ; you pay a phone company to connect you .
You do n’t pay to read The New York Times online ; you pay an Internet service provider for the opportunity .
And so it follows that the news itself should remain free .
But the appeal of micropayments lies in its — at the moment — novelty and various supporters .
But one paper , even one as big as the Times , is n’t going to do it .
The silly phrase “ online E - Z Pass ” has been bandied about , and what it lacks in clever rhetoric it makes up for in addressing Hamilton ’s point .
Too many people visit too many sites .
If there was a way to drop an Internet toll on subscription - only news outlets , then perhaps the ball would get rolling and a new generation of readers would n’t expect a free product from thousands upon thousands of hours of work .
T.J. Sullivan is trying to gain support for his “ One Week Without Virtual Newspapers . ”
Starting July 4 , for one week , every newspaper will cease to update its website .
Sullivan sums it up :
A move like this puts the crisis where it ought to be , front and center at the top of every newscast .
It makes it impossible for anyone to deny where the majority of news content comes from , and why it matters .
For without virtual newspapers , what would Drudge report ?
What would Huffington post ?
What would Google News and Yahoo News and all those cut - and - paste blogs that get so much of their material from newspapers have to offer if newspapers went away ?
Even if micropayments are n’t the way to go , I support this .
The shock factor , the subsequent dialogue — it would be a necessary foundation shaker .
As for what happens on Day 8 : Business as usual .
Included in their 20 Years of Dischord boxset is a booklet , the front cover of which features two surly young men sitting in an office overflowing with record , stickers , toys , mugs and all manner of tat .
They are label founders Jeff Nelson and Ian MacKaye .
The latter is sporting a shaved head and wearing shorts .
On the back cover , there is a photo of the same two men , 20 years later , older and almost certainly wiser , in the same untidy office .
MacKaye is still sporting a skinhead and wearing shorts .
These two images encapsulate what Dischord is about : a long - term commitment to music they believe in ( and the continued wearing of shorts ) , an unerring dedication to document the music of their hometown , Washington DC , and a no- frills approach that is the antithesis of the boom - and - bust attitude of major labels .
Which is precisely why , after nearly 30 years , it remains a touchstone of underground kudos .
Inspired by Bad Brains and the Cramps , MacKaye and Nelson formed the short - lived Teen Idles .
With the $ 600 they earned , the pair launched Dischord in 1980 , to release their single .
Then they formed a new band , the pioneers of straight edge , Minor Threat .
In two years Minor Threat brought a new music ( hardcore ) and a philosophy ( a rejection of rock 's excesses ) to suburban America .
Releases from other bands swiftly followed , including State of Alert ( featuring a young Henry Rollins ) , Government Issue and Youth Brigade .
Suddenly , Dischord was one of the key punk labels .
Living and working close to the heartland of US politics , Dischord had a philosophy from the outset : to utilise and expand the international music underground and exist independently .
" In this city we had to do everything ourselves because it 's basically saturated with the federal government , " MacKaye told me in 2002 .
" The fact is , a lot of people in Washington DC do n't give a damn about the government .
We do n't ask for their permission or guidance because they do n't have a clue . "
Many of the label 's releases are now judged as classics of their genre , especially those from bands such as Void , Faith and Scream , who were later celebrated for launching the career of a certain 17 - year - old drummer by the name of Dave Grohl – and for being the first Dischord band to be paid royalties .
Dischord 's most prolific period followed 1985's " Revolution Summer " , a marked attempt by MacKaye and DC 's more forward - thinking artists to create an alternative to the one - dimensional hardcore scene that was now attracting violence and white power groups .
Out of Revolution Summer came Rites of Spring , Embrace , peroxide - abusers Dag Nasty , Soulside ( who later became Girls Against Boys ) , Gray Matter – and , of course , the origin of emo .
( Shortly afterwards , the key members of Rites of Spring and Minor Threat effectively joined forces to become Fugazi , one of the most important bands of the past three decades . )
More releases followed in the late 80s from Jawbox , Shudder to Think and Nation of Ulysses , a magnificently inept but sartorially dazzling band who stirred cold war references , pop culture theory and free - jazz dissonance into their brand of DC myth - making .
Though Shudder to Think and Jawbox moved away from Dischord during the alt - rock gold rush of the early 90s , the label ( and MacKaye 's Fugazi ) turned down all offers of corporate buy - outs and stuck to their plan to release more music , this time concentrating on fellow Washington DC natives Bluetip , Circus Lupus and Make - Up .
Throughout their changing fortunes Dischord has remained a tight - knit crew , keeping their employee pool small and their overheads low .
And their legacy has endured as a new generation of DC bands , such as El Guapo and Q and Not U have followed in Fugazi 's footsteps .
Dischord has always been about a time and a place .
And while recent years have n't been their most successful ( the Minor Threat complete discography remains Dischord 's biggest - selling release ) you suspect a new wave of life - changing bands may still yet pass through its ranks .
This is some incredible artwork by Hilary Berseth , and a few thousand helpers ...
Artists from Rodin to Warhol to Mark Kostabi have outsourced the construction of their work .
Hilary Berseth goes them one better :
He constructs basic frameworks of wire and wax , then lets teams of tiny yellow - and - black art fabricators finish the job .
“ I knew they were ordered and regimented , ” the Pennsylvania artist says about his honeybees , which built the three otherworldly sculptures on view at Eleven Rivington .
“ I had an intuition that I ’d be able to organize that , architecturally . ”
Link - via notcot
From the Upcoming ueue , submitted by JKirchartz .
President Obama ordered his first major deployment of U.S. combat troops Tuesday , authorizing 17,000 additional soldiers and Marines for Afghanistan in what he described as an urgent bid to stabilize a deteriorating and neglected country .
The deployment will double the number of American combat brigades in the nation at a time of tension with Afghanistan ’s weak government over civilian casualties of the campaign against the increasingly bold Taliban , and concern over neighboring Pakistan ’s ability to fight Islamic militants based there .
In a statement announcing the troop increase , Obama directed veiled criticism at the Bush administration , noting that a request from Army Gen. David D. McKiernan , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , had been pending for months .
“ This increase is necessary to stabilize a deteriorating situation in Afghanistan , which has not received the strategic attention , direction and resources it urgently requires , ” Obama said .
Advertisement
In undertaking the “ solemn duty ” to dispatch troops to war , Obama also delved into one of the main issues of his long presidential campaign .
While denouncing the Iraq war as a mistake , Obama repeatedly pledged to refocus on Afghanistan .
Though fulfilling requests submitted by U.S. commanders , Tuesday ’s order leaves crucial questions of strategy and tactics unanswered until a strategy review is completed in April .
In a hint that his strategy would include more than military power , Obama said he would “ employ all elements ” of U.S. government resources to meet achievable goals , with help from U.S. allies .
In dispatching the troops for duty in Afghanistan , Obama also expressed concern about the threat from extremists elsewhere in the region , including in havens in Pakistan .
Debate has raged for months about the possible effectiveness in Afghanistan of a “ surge , ” the term used for the 2007 troop increase in Iraq that has been credited with helping stabilize that country .
Advertisement
Military officials have been careful not to use that terminology for the current increase in Afghanistan , arguing that additional troops could be needed there for years .
But senior Defense officials said that they believe they must quickly demonstrate results , roll back Taliban advances and bring some measure of stability .
“ These troops are going to help us counter Taliban territorial advances , deny safe havens and create security for Afghan civilians , ” said a senior Obama administration official , speaking on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak publicly .
The official also indicated that more U.S. special operations forces would be deployed in the Central Asian nation .
Their role will be principally “ to help train Afghans , ” the official said , but he added that “ they ’re going to be involved in supplementing and supporting ongoing activities . ”
There are 38,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan , including three combat brigades and noncombat troops .
Their numbers were bolstered by the recent arrival of the 3rd Brigade Combat Team of the Army ’s 10th Mountain Division , which has begun operating in eastern Afghanistan .
Advertisement
The upcoming deployment will total 17,000 troops , the senior administration official said .
A force of 8,000 Marines , consisting of the 2nd Marine Expeditionary Brigade from Camp Lejeune , N.C. , will reach southern Afghanistan this spring .
The Marine unit contains infantrymen , helicopters , fighter planes and other support elements .
In the summer , 4,000 soldiers from the 5th Stryker Brigade , part of the Army ’s 2nd Infantry Division at Ft. Lewis , Wash . , will follow , along with 5,000 support troops .
Commanders in Afghanistan have sought additional combat brigades , aviation units and other support , representing an increase of more than 20,000 troops .
The official said that all the troops would be in place before the presidential election Aug. 20 , the first in five years .
Advertisement
In Senate testimony last week , Director of National Intelligence Dennis C. Blair said that insurgents probably would make a concerted effort to disrupt the balloting .
The Army brigade will be the first in Afghanistan equipped with Strykers , an armored wheeled vehicle .
Strykers were judged to be capable in urban settings in Iraq , though Pentagon planners have debated whether they would be effective in the more difficult terrain of Afghanistan .
A senior Army official said Tuesday that the Stryker brigade would be able to help retake roads from Taliban and other militants who have been growing increasingly brazen in setting up roadblocks and bombs on Afghanistan ’s highways .
The senior Army official spoke on condition of anonymity when discussing troop plans .
Obama said his plans to reduce the U.S. force in Iraq would give him the “ flexibility ” to build up the force in Afghanistan .
There are about 146,000 U.S. troops in Iraq .
Obama has not detailed plans for reducing the force in Iraq , but has said he wants combat units out of the country by the end of next year .
Military officials have said that troop increases in Afghanistan depend on reductions in Iraq .
Advertisement
“ All we are doing is moving demand from Iraq to Afghanistan , ” the official said .
“ This sustains and , to some degree , increases the demands on soldiers . ”
The troop escalation comes with some risks , including the possibility of a further increase in civilian casualties .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has repeatedly demanded that the U.S. and its allies take more care to avoid killing or wounding civilians , and U.S. officials acknowledge that accidentally causing civilian casualties hurts the war effort .
A United Nations report issued Tuesday said the number of civilians killed had risen almost 40 % last year , growing to 2,118 from 1,523 in 2007 .
More than half of the deaths , 1,160 , were blamed on militants , but 828 were attributed to Afghan and international forces .
The cause of the other 130 deaths could not be determined .
Airstrikes accounted for 552 of the deaths , the U.N. said .
Advertisement
--
julian.barnes@latimes.com
greg.miller@latimes.com
Times staff writer Peter Nicholas in Denver contributed to this report .
UPDATED : Corrected list of supported messaging protocols .
Known for its security software , Symantec on Tuesday launched a new program aimed at educating parents about their children 's online usage .
Norton Online Family , now available in beta , is a parental control suite with multiple levels of restriction and an emphasis on usage reporting .
( Credit : Symantec )
Citing a Rochester Institute of Technology study that found a huge gap between the percentage of parents versus children who report no online supervision , Symantec says that Online Family is intended to bridge that gap by " fostering communication " between parents and their kids .
According to the RIT study , only 7 percent of parents think their children have no online supervision , while 66 percent of kids think they go unsupervised .
To address that , Online Family uses a desktop client called the Norton Safety Minder for Windows and Mac that reports to the parents '
Norton Family account with options to e-mail notifications , too .
Norton Online Family features parental - controlled customization levels based on the computer 's user accounts , so that multi-child families can have different monitoring levels for different kids .
It runs in the system tray , too , so that its presence is obvious to all users .
Online Family can log Web sites , block sites using both a topic blocker or a traditional blacklist , and report on social - networking activities .
When it tracks visited Web sites , it automatically filters out advertisement URLs that get pinged when visiting media - rich sites .
This makes the log easier to parse through .
Online Family includes some innovative features that lend credibility to the claim that this is more than just a souped - up keylogger or blacklist .
The blocked sites feature , for example , can be set so that kids can " appeal " to their parents for approval via either e-mail or a Norton - based chat app .
It can also be set so that it lets kids through to see the flagged site , regardless of parental approval , but then the parents ' log flags the visited site .
The responsibility of discussing the content , of course , is left up to parental discretion .
( Credit : Symantec )
Importantly , Online Family tracks how children represent themselves on social - networking sites , and alerts parents when a child misrepresents their age .
Age misrepresentation , Symantec said , was often an indicator of a child associating with people or groups that the parents were n't aware of .
It also keeps track of how long a kid has spent on a social - networking site , what time they log in and out , and how often they visit the site .
The new program monitors client - based instant messaging , too .
This includes Google / Jabber , Yahoo , Microsoft Live , AOL , Skype , ICQ , Trillian 's native chat protocol , as well as Trillian 's multi-protocol features and Digsby 's , too .
However , site - based messaging can not be tracked .
Once a child logs into Facebook , for example , Online Family wo n't be able to follow what they 're doing within the site .
Other monitors include a personal information blocker , where personal information specific to the child can be blocked from being sent out from the computer , a parental notification whenever a kid creates a new account on any site , a time monitor to enforce a " computer curfew , " and a notification for when the Norton Safety Minder is turned off .
Online Family requires a Norton account , and the registration is free until the program leaves beta .
Final pricing for the Online Family stable release that 's expected in the spring has yet to be announced , but the beta trial is free for now .
Symantec has said that they want to make Norton Online Family affordable , though , so it 's unlikely that the price point will be exorbitant .
Israel plans to demolish 88 homes in Silwan , a Palestinian neighborhood in East Jerusalem , to make way for a new archaeological park , adding new fuel the slow - burning dispute over Jerusalem .
A variety of neighborhood activists , Muslim leaders in Jerusalem , and even figures from the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) held a press conference Wednesday , saying that Israel was trying to minimize the Arab presence in this city claimed by both Palestinians and Jews as their capital .
They say such a move amounts to ethnic cleansing .
" They have made a decision to clear out 88 houses , and with about three families living in each of these houses , we 're looking at the eviction of about 1,500 people .
But people in Silwan are clinging to their land and will not leave , despite the eviction orders , " says Adnan Husseini , who is PA President Mahmoud Abbas 's adviser on Jerusalem Affairs .
Israel 's Jerusalem municipality , which has been mulling over this plan for four years , says that the homes were built without permits in an area not designated for residential use .
Though it remains unclear how quickly the municipality plans to proceed , the fact that their housing inspectors – escorted by border police – entered Silwan Sunday , surveying houses and photographing them , was enough evidence for locals that Israel is serious .
The new struggle over Silwan – and in particular a part of it called al - Bustan , or the Garden – comes at time so many other aspects of the conflict are in flux .
Israel has yet to form a government following Feb. 10 elections , but a right - wing one , led by Likud leader Benajmin Netanyhau , is expected soon .
Internal Palestinian politics are still in disarray , but Fatah and Hamas started reconciliation talks in Cairo Wednesday and Israel and Hamas are still far from a cease - fire deal .
It is as part of this backdrop , says analyst Mahdi Abdul Hadi , that Israel 's move in Jerusalem is seen by Palestinians .
" After Gaza , they realize they have the power to do whatever they want , and we wo n't be able to stop it , except for making statements and complaints , " says Mr. Abdul Hadi , the head of the Palestinian Academic Society for the Study of International Affairs ( PASSIA . )
Silwan is considered an especially sensitive area because it lies just outside the Old City and is the Arab neighborhood closest to the Al Aqsa Mosque , the third - holiest site in Islam .
It has already been a contested site , as Israeli ultranationalist groups have moved Jewish settlers into the area in recent years .
Whether or not to raze what is now a residential area and turn it into a tourist site may be one of the first big political tests for Nir Barkat , who was elected mayor last November .
Mr. Barkat issued a statement Tuesday saying that no " new plans " were under way .
Indeed , plans to clear out the houses to make way for an archaeological park were raised four years ago , but amid international criticism the last Jerusalem mayor shelved the plans and invited the residents to come up with their own plan for the future of the neighborhood .
It was rejected last week by a city committee .
" Illegal construction is illegal construction , no matter where it is , " Barkat said in the statement released by his office , declining to take direct calls from the media .
Barkat called the neighborhood Emek HaMelech , Hebrew for " Valley of the King . "
There is already an Israeli - run City of David site in Silwan , which houses both an archaeological center and settlers .
The Jewish settlers say they are living on the land that was King David 's Jerusalem of 3,000 years ago .
" The area of Emek HaMelech is one of the most important areas with regards to the history of Jerusalem , with holy sites important to Jews , Christians , and Muslims alike .
Because of its significant important to more than 3 billion people of faith around the world , it is also a tourist destination . "
The issue began to surface again two weeks ago , when Yakir Segev , head of East Jerusalem affairs for the Jerusalem municipality , called a meeting of the owners of the Silwan houses in question .
About 100 people came , says resident Fakhri Abu Diab , one among them .
They were told they had a choice :
Either you agree to leave in return for a house elsewhere , or face eviction by force .
" People got very upset by what they heard , " says Mr. Abu Diab .
" Our house has been our house since my grandfather 's day , and my children were born there .
You can not replace that . "
Khalil Tufakji , the leading cartographer of Palestinian Jerusalemite neighborhoods , says the planned move is part of an overall Israel concern to stop a losing demographic battle in Jerusalem .
" Nir Barkat said in his election campaign for mayor , and said now , that the conflict for Jerusalem will be a demographic one . "
Mr. Segev , of the Jerusalem municipality , says the issue was being blown out of proportion for political purposes , and that there was no unified plan to demolish the homes in the immediate future .
The demolition orders had indeed been issued by the municipality , he says , but each case would go to court and would be decided individually .
" Destroying these 88 houses is not going to tilt the geographic balance , " Segev says .
" The Jordanians and even the Turks before them marked this place as a green area .
It 's not like the Israelis came and said so . "
Git is the C of Version Control Tools
I 've been working lately on a major revision of Source Control HOWTO .
The plan is to publish an expanded version of this material as a book later this year .
The original series of chapters was written almost five years ago , and the content is looking rather dated here in 2009 .
One of the biggest problems is that no book on this topic can be truly credible these days without covering distributed version control tools like Git and Mercurial .
These tools are n't mainstream yet , but their popularity is growing very fast .
So as I overhaul the content for book publication , I am including lots of new stuff on distributed version control and how it 's different .
And that means I am spending a fair amount of time using Bazaar and Git and Darcs and their ilk .
Broadly speaking , I think these tools are fascinating .
But I keep stumbling across little things that surprise me .
git add -p
Some folks say that Git 's killer feature is its index .
That 's like saying that C's killer feature is the ability to cast an int to a pointer .
Git 's index is neato , but it allows you to do things that may be unsafe .
At first I did n't get this .
Whenever I was reading about the index , I thought it was equivalent to a pending changeset , a simple list of changes in the working copy that are waiting to be committed to the repo .
But Git 's index is n't just metadata .
It does n't just point to things in the working copy .
It actually contains its own copies of things .
And this is where Git 's index is both cool and not cool .
One of the best practices I suggest in Source Control HOWTO is to never use a version control feature which encourages you to checkin code which you have never been allowed to compile and test .
This is exactly what Git 's index allows the developer to do .
By using " git add - - p " , you can choose which patches from a file you want to include for checkin .
The result is that the index contains a version of the file which is not in your working copy .
If you fire up your build tool , it will compile the version of the file that is sitting in your working copy , not the one tucked away in Git 's index .
If you run your unit tests , they are not testing the contents of the file that are about to be committed .
So when you type " git commit " , your repository will contain something that has never been compiled or tested .
This is not a Best Practice .
That does n't mean Git or its index are bad .
I 'll agree that " git add - - p " is a very powerful feature that has its place .
But in this respect , Git is a bit like C .
C is fast , hard - to - learn and it allows the developer to do things that are probably a bad idea .
Git could be described in exactly the same way .
Not that there 's anything wrong with that . :-)
I could actually see myself using " git add - - p " , but that does n't mean it would be a smart thing to do .
And I would adopt the same mindset I use when I 'm coding in C .
Whether you 're using C or Git or a 12 - gauge shotgun , you need to act differently than you do when you 're in an environment that attempts to protect you from your own mistakes .
Damn .
And I was all ready to start dodging bullets , too .
Then IBM had to go and withdraw its patent for bionic , ammo-avoiding body armor , just days after it came to light .
IBM had put together a two - part patent that would spot incoming sniper fire , and then trigger " muscle stimulators , " which would force the intended victim to move out of harm 's way .
According to the company , the system would be perfect for " high ranking politicians , clerics , successful industrial entrepreneurs , and military personnel " who " publicly addres [s ] large crowds , making them easy targets for snipers . "
But when the rest of us found out – through * Slashdot * and TechFragments – the patent was suddenly yanked .
* Now * how are we supposed to bend and twist out of bullets ' paths ?
Ah well , at least The Firearm Blog had the foresight to post this handy figure from the patent .
Maybe it'll help us come up with a new bullet - dodger :
ALSO :
President Barack Obama has turned fearmongering into an art form .
He has repeatedly raised the specter of another Great Depression .
First , he did so to win votes in the November election .
He has done so again recently to sway congressional votes for his stimulus package .
In his remarks , every gloomy statistic on the economy becomes a harbinger of doom .
As he tells it , today 's economy is the worst since the Great Depression .
Without his Recovery and Reinvestment Act , he says , the economy will fall back into that abyss and may ...
Latin America 's leftwing presidents meet with WSF participants .
Photo by Marc Becker .
By Marc Becker
February 5 , 2009 --
After an absence of four years , the World Social Forum ( WSF ) returned to Brazil during the last week of January 2009 .
More than 100,000 people descended on the city of Belem at the mouth of the mighty Amazon River to debate proposals and plan strategies for making a new and better world .
The forum first met in the southern Brazilian city of Porto Alegre in 2001 as a gathering of social movements dedicated to fighting neoliberalism and militarism .
Nine years later , Latin America has shifted significantly to the left , and the forum has played an important role in that process .
The forum began on January 27 , 2009 , as all of the forums have , with a massive march through the streets of Belem .
The theme of the march was from Africa , where the last unified forum was held in Nairobi , Kenya , in
2007 , to the Amazon .
A drenching tropical rain momentarily stalled the planned events .
The march concluded with a massive rally featuring speeches and music .
Thousands of activities during the week of the forum were organised around 10 thematic objectives that were defined after a broad survey of organisations involved in the forum process .
These themes included peace , anti-capitalism , sustainability , knowledge , diversity , sovereignty , fair trade , participatory democracy and the environment .
Gathering in the Amazon , Indigenous and environmental issues became a central focus on the Belem forum .
The meetings began on January 28 with a " Pan- Amazonian Day " with a focus on climate change , food sovereignty and regional integration .
Indigenous delegates formed the words " save the Amazon " with their bodies .
Indigenous struggles
Indigenous peoples also had a very large tent where they held a series of discussions on the environment , territory , development and other concerns .
The sessions ended with a broad ranging conversation on the crisis of civilisation , environmental collapse , post - development strategies and how to build a better life .
Indigenous delegates made a call to organise a global mobilisation for Mother Earth on October 12 , 2009 .
Miguel Palacin from the Coordinadora Andina de Organizaciones Indigenas ( CAOI ) noted that " for Indigenous peoples , our participation in the forum was very important " .
The principal themes that they discussed included the crisis of civilisation , decolonisation , collective rights , self - determination , climatic justice and defence of the Amazon .
Forest peoples , stateless peoples and African descendants also had their separate tents .
In addition , there was a tent dedicated to human rights , and one named for Dorothy Stang , a nun who was assassinated fouryears ago because of her outspoken defence of the poor and the environment in the Amazon .
Another tent had a full series of events celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Cuban Revolution .
Palestine held a strong presence throughout the forum , particularly with the forum coming in the aftermath of the Israeli invasion and massacres in the Gaza Strip .
" In the name of the Palestinian delegation and the Palestinian people " , Jamal Juma stated , " I would like to thank the Brazilian people , the Brazilian government and the organisers of the social forum for this opportunity for us . ''
Leftwing presidents
A highlight for many at the forum , and by far the largest event , was a meeting with the leftist presidents Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil , Hugo Chavez of Venezuela , Evo Morales of Bolivia , Rafael Correa of Ecuador and Fernando Lugo of Paraguay .
Their presence involved a certain amount of irony and contradiction in the organisation of the forum .
The forum first met as a meeting of civil society at a time during which no leftists governed in Latin America .
Armed groups and political parties were explicitly excluded .
Nine years later , Latin America has swung significantly to the left and a rejection of neoliberalism has quickly become the dominant discourse .
Leftist leaders are attracted to the idea of participating in the forum , both because of their ideological affinity with its politics as well as a way to shore up their social movement support .
On the afternoon of January 29 , Via Campesina organised a small , invitation - only meeting of social movements with Chavez , Morales , Correa and Lugo .
That evening Lula joined the four leaders for a public event in a much larger venue .
Both events were held off the main site of the forum , allowing the impression that it was an event parallel to the forum while still not being part of the forum .
In the 2003 forum , newly elected Lula was cheered at a massive rally similarly held parallel to the forum as the hero of the event .
Two years later , he was booed by many at a similar event for not having delivered on his promises of a leftist agenda , while Chavez who used the meeting to declare himself a socialist was greeted as a rising star .
This year the evening meeting turned into a huge pep rally for Lula 's ruling Workers ' Party ( PT ) , with the party faithful shouting down dissidents who showed up to denounce Lula 's failure to break from capitalism .
Much of the rhetoric that the presidents used at both events echoed that of the dominant discourse at the forum .
Rafael Correa , the president of Ecuador , began his talk with a challenge to neoliberalism and the Washington Consensus .
He contrasted capitalism with socialism , and appealed to what has become a common Indigenous call to vivir bien , no mejor : to live well , not better .
" We are in times of change " , Correa concluded .
" An alternative model already exists , and it is the socialism of the twenty - first century . "
Bolivian president Evo Morales arrived at the forum on the heels of a recently approved progressive constitution .
He observed that Ecuador and Bolivia were in a competition for the record for removing the largest number of neoliberal presidents .
" As subcomandante Marcos has said " , Morales added , " we need to lead by obeying .
The government that we are making is a government that obeys the Bolivian people in order to guarantee a revolution in structural changes . "
Fernando Lugo of Paraguay is the most recent South American president to join the continent 's swing to the left .
He pointed to the importance of social movements as a creative force to make a more equal society .
He talked of the need to " break down old walls " .
Lugo stated that " another world is not only possible , but is being realised . "
Hugo Chavez of Venezuela is the president most closely associated with the social forum process .
He also appealed to the themes and rhetoric commonly associated with the forum .
To the slogan " Another world is possible " Chavez added " A new world is necessary " .
Furthermore , he blamed capitalism for the current economic and environmental crisis , and argued that socialism was the only path to liberation .
The meeting with the social movements ended with Aleida Guevara joining the four presidents on stage singing a tribute to her famous father , Che Guevara .
An innovation at the 2009 forum was " Belem expanded " , a series of decentralised activities from around the world linked to groups present in Belem through text and audio chats , video conferences and telephone conversations .
Belem expanded became a way to include people in the forum who could not travel to the Amazon to participate in person .
Complementing these activities were also cultural activities , including films , poetry , lectures , performing arts and exhibitions .
Every day closed off with a series of concerts featuring a wide range of artistic talents .
The Belem forum also witnessed the return of the youth camp , with 15,000 people present in the camp with its own series of events .
For many of those in the camp , the forum seems to have become more of a cultural event , a Brazilian - style Woodstock , rather than a political event for which it had become known .
Parallel to the youth camp was also a smaller children 's camp focusing on issues of adolescence .
The forum concluded on February 1 with a day of alliances .
In the morning , organisations met according to their thematic interests to strengthen networks and solidify proposals for campaigns or other actions that would extend beyond the week of the forum .
In the afternoon , these groups came together in an Assembly of Assemblies to present the results of the convergences , campaigns and proposals that emerged during the forum .
Although the Belem gathering was one of the largest forums , it was perhaps also one of the least international .
The forum has always taken on the flavour of the local setting , but the 2009 gathering became an overwhelmingly Brazilian event with Portuguese the dominant language .
Most of the non-Brazilian participants came from South America , with only a splattering of representatives from Asia and Africa .
Discussions are currently underway for future meetings of the forum .
One plan is to have a Global Day of Action at the end of January 2010 ( as happened in January 2008 ) , with an accompanying focus on thematic forums , including one led by Indigenous peoples on the crisis of civilisation .
In 2011 , the forum plans to return to Africa .
[ Marc Becker 's website is at http://www.yachana.org.
This article first appeared at Upside Down World .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission . ]
marc@yachana.org
Forget the Virtual Pint - it 's piss .
What YOU need is an unlimited supply of ' Class A' Virtual Narcotics .
Be the envy of the in -crowd .
Get ejected from nightclubs .
Shock and amaze your so - called friends .
Get oral sex from Z - list celebrities .
Introducing The iSnort - an ultra-edgy ' Simulated Smart Phone Application ' .
Go on .. give it a toot ... it 's virtually addictive .
Download The iSnort v0.1 now for £ 5 - all future versions and updates are included in this one - off subscription .
By proceeding with payment you confirm you have read the Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer :
The makers of The iSnort accept no responsibility if you end up in the iClink , getting iBummed in the iShowers when you bend down for the iSoap .
For enquiries contact : dealer@theisnort.com
Edit : A couple days ago the developers released Hunchentoot 1.0.0 .
I have updated this article for the current version .
Details for pre 1.0 versions reside at the bottom of this article .
This article explains how to install Hunchentoot 1.0.0 behind Apache on Ubuntu 8.10 Intrepid .
It assumes you have Apache installed and you have some basic familiarity of Lisp , Slime , Emacs , Apache and Linux .
The article uses SBCL as the Common Lisp implementation .
The steps in this article follow closely to the blog Lost in Technopolis 's article " Running Common Lisp behind Apache " but are updated for Ubuntu and Hunchentoot 1.0 .
I recommend reviewing that article also so you become aware of other options while using Hunchentoot and SBCL .
Configure Apache
< VirtualHost *:80 >
# Admin email , Server Name ( domain name ) and any aliases
ServerAdmin YOUR -EMAIL
ServerName YOUR -DOMAIN.com
ServerAlias www.YOUR-DOMAIN.com
# Index file and Document Root ( where the public files are located )
DirectoryIndex index.html
DocumentRoot /home / USERNAME/public_html/YOUR-DOMAIN.com/public
# Custom log file locations
LogLevel warn
ErrorLog /home / USERNAME/public_html/YOUR-DOMAIN.com/log/error.log
CustomLog /home / USERNAME/public_html/YOUR-DOMAIN.com/log/access.log combined
ProxyRequests
Off
< Proxy *>
allow from all
</ Proxy >
ProxyPass / static !
ProxyPass / http://127.0.0.1:8000/
ProxyPassReverse / http://127.0.0.1:8000/
</virtualhost >
/etc/apache2/mods-available/proxy.conf
sudo a2ensite test
sudo a2enmod proxy
sudo a2enmod proxy_http
sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
Install SBCL
wget http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/sbcl/sbcl-1.0.23-x86-linux-binary.tar.bz2
bzip2 -cd sbcl - 1.0.23-x86-linux-binary.tar.bz2 | tar xvf -
cd sbcl - 1.0.23-x86-linux
sudo sh install.sh
Configure Slime
cd ~/apps
wget http://common-lisp.net/project/slime/snapshots/slime-current.tgz
tar xvf slime - current.
tgz
mv slime - 2009 - 02 - 15 slime
sbcl
( load " / PATH-TO-YOUR-SLIME-DIR/swank-loader.lisp " )
( swank - loader: init )
( quit )
Install Hunchentoot
sudo sbcl
( require ' asdf - install )
( asdf- install: install :hunchentoot )
( asdf - install : install : cl - who )
( hunchentoot : start ( make- instance ' hunchentoot : acceptor : port 4242 ) )
Create start - up scripts
sudo adduser -- system -- group -- no - create - home htoot
cd /etc/init.d
sudo nano htoot
#! /bin/sh
### BEGIN INIT INFO
# Provides : skeleton
# Required - Start : $ remote_fs
# Required - Stop : $ remote_fs
# Default - Start : 2 3 4 5
# Default - Stop : 0 1 6
# Short - Description : Example initscript
# Description :
This file should be used to construct scripts to be
# placed in /etc / init.d .
### END INIT INFO
# Author : William Bruschi ( william.bruschi@gmail.com )
# Do NOT " set - e "
# PATH should only include / usr / * if it runs after the mountnfs.sh script
PATH=/ sbin:/usr/sbin:/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/local/bin
DESC =" Hunchentoot "
NAME=sbcl
# STARTUPSCRIPT should point to your hunchentoot lisp startup script
STARTUPSCRIPT=/ENTER-YOUR-PATH_HERE/start-hunchentoot.lisp
DAEMON=/usr/local/bin/$NAME
DAEMON_ARGS= " -- load $ STARTUPSCRIPT "
SCRIPTNAME=/etc/init.d/htoot
# Exit if the package is not installed
[ -x " $ DAEMON " ] || exit 0
# Read configuration variable file if it is present
[ -r /etc / default / $ NAME ] && .
/etc/default /$NAME
# Load the VERBOSE setting and other rcS variables
.
/lib/init/vars.sh
# Define LSB log_* functions .
# Depend on lsb - base ( >= 3.0 - 6 ) to ensure that this file is present .
.
/lib/lsb/init-functions
#
# Function that starts the daemon / service
#
do_start ( )
{
# Return
# 0 if daemon has been started
# 1 if daemon was already running
# 2 if daemon could not be started
start - stop - daemon -- start -- quiet -u htoot -- exec $ DAEMON -- test > / dev/null \
|| return 1
sudo - b -u htoot $ DAEMON $ DAEMON_ARGS &
# Add code here , if necessary , that waits for the process to be ready
# to handle requests from services started subsequently which depend
# on this one .
As a last resort , sleep for some time .
}
#
# Function that stops the daemon / service
#
do_stop ( )
{
# Stop the Hunchentoot and Swank servers before killing the daemon
( telnet localhost 6440 & ) > / dev/null
# Wait for servers to shutdown
sleep 10
# Return
# 0 if daemon has been stopped
# 1 if daemon was already stopped
# 2 if daemon could not be stopped
# other if a failure occurred
start - stop - daemon -- stop -- quiet -- retry=TERM/30/KILL/5 -- name $ NAME
RETVAL= " $ ? "
[ " $ RETVAL " = 2 ] && return 2
# Wait for children to finish too if this is a daemon that forks
# and if the daemon is only ever run from this initscript .
# If the above conditions are not satisfied then add some other code
# that waits for the process to drop all resources that could be
# needed by services started subsequently .
A last resort is to
# sleep for some time .
start - stop - daemon -- stop -- quiet -- oknodo -- retry=0/30/KILL/5 -- exec $ DAEMON
[ " $ ? " = 2 ] && return 2
return " $ RETVAL "
}
#
# Function that sends a SIGHUP to the daemon / service
#
do_reload ( ) {
#
# If the daemon can reload its configuration without
# restarting ( for example , when it is sent a SIGHUP ) ,
# then implement that here .
#
start - stop - daemon -- stop -- signal 1 -- quiet -- name $ NAME
return 0
}
case " $ 1 " in
start )
[ " $ VERBOSE " != no ] && log_daemon_msg " Starting $ DESC " " $ NAME "
do_start
case " $ ? "
in
0|1 ) [ " $ VERBOSE " != no ] && log_end_msg 0 ;;
2 ) [ " $ VERBOSE " != no ] && log_end_msg 1 ;;
esac
; ;
stop )
[ " $ VERBOSE " != no ] && log_daemon_msg " Stopping $ DESC " " $ NAME "
do_stop
case " $ ? "
in
0|1 ) [ " $ VERBOSE " != no ] && log_end_msg 0 ;;
2 ) [ " $ VERBOSE " != no ] && log_end_msg 1 ;;
esac
; ;
#reload|force - reload )
#
# If do_reload ( ) is not implemented then leave this commented out
# and leave ' force - reload ' as an alias for ' restart ' .
#
#log_daemon_msg " Reloading $ DESC " " $ NAME "
#do_reload
# log_end_msg $ ?
# ;;
restart|force - reload )
#
# If the " reload " option is implemented then remove the
# ' force - reload ' alias
#
log_daemon_msg " Restarting $ DESC " " $ NAME "
do_stop
case " $ ? "
in
0|1 )
do_start
case " $ ? "
in
0 ) log_end_msg 0 ;;
1 ) log_end_msg 1 ;; #
Old process is still running
*) log_end_msg 1 ;; # Failed to start
esac
; ;
*)
# Failed to stop
log_end_msg 1
; ;
esac
; ;
*)
#echo " Usage : $ SCRIPTNAME { start|stop|restart|reload|force-reload} " > &2
echo " Usage : $ SCRIPTNAME { start|stop|restart|force-reload} " > &2
exit 3
; ;
esac
:
sudo chmod 755 htoot
; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;;;;;
; ; ; ; start-hunchentoot.lisp
; ; ;;
; ; ;; Author : William Bruschi
; ; ;; Date : 02-14-2009
; ; ;;
; ; ;; Starts Hunchentoot and Swank , then listens for a shutdown
; ; ; ; command on the specified port .
; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;;;;;
( require ' asdf )
( require ' hunchentoot )
( require ' cl - who )
( require ' sb-bsd- sockets )
( defpackage : webserver
( :use :common-lisp :hunchentoot : cl - who ) )
( in - package : webserver )
( defparameter * hunchentoot - port * 8000 )
( defparameter * shutdown-port * 6440 )
( defparameter * swank - loader *
" / PATH-TO-SLIME/slime/swank-loader.lisp " )
( defparameter * swank - port * 4006 )
; ;; Start the hunchentoot server
( defparameter * hunchentoot - server *
( start ( make - instance ' acceptor : port * hunchentoot - port * ) ) )
( princ " Hunchentoot server started on port " )
( princ * hunchentoot - port * ) ( terpri )
; ;; Load any sites here
( in - package : webserver )
; ;; Start swank
( load * swank - loader * )
( swank - loader: init )
( swank : create - server : port * swank - port * : dont - close t)
( princ " Loaded Swank on port " )
( princ * swank - port * ) ( terpri )
; ;; Wait and listen for shutdown command
( let ( ( socket ( make - instance 'sb-bsd-sockets:inet - socket
: type : stream : protocol :tcp ) ) )
;; Listen on a local port for a TCP connection
( sb-bsd-sockets : socket - bind socket #( 127 0 0 1 ) * shutdown - port * )
( sb-bsd-sockets : socket - listen socket 1 )
;;
When it comes , close the sockets and continue
( multiple - value - bind ( client - socket addr port )
( sb- bsd - sockets : socket - accept socket )
( sb-bsd-sockets : socket - close client - socket )
( sb- bsd - sockets : socket - close socket ) ) )
;; Shut down Hunchentoot
( princ " Stopping Hunchentoot ... " ) ( terpri )
( stop * hunchentoot - server * )
;; Shut down Swank and anyone else by terminating all threads
( dolist ( thread ( sb- thread:list- all - threads ) )
( unless ( equal sb - thread : * current - thread * thread )
( sb - thread : terminate - thread thread ) ) )
( sleep 1 )
( sb- ext: quit )
sudo /etc / init.d/ htoot start
Starting Hunchentoot at bootup
cd /etc/init.d
sudo update - rc.d htoot defaults
Connecting to your server via Slime
Troubleshooting
Conclusion
Weblocks -
A continuations based web framework
HT - AJAX
- AJAX framework for Hunchentoot
- AJAX framework for Hunchentoot LispCast
- A series of videos about creating a Reddit clone using Hunchentoot
Hunchentoot Pre 1.0
Install Mod_Lisp
sudo nano
/etc/apt/sources.list
deb http://fr.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu intrepid main universe
sudo aptitude install libapache2 - mod-lisp
sudo a2enmod lisp
sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
LispServer 127.0.0.1 8000 " hunchentoot "
< location " / " >
SetHandler lisp - handler
</location >
< location " / static " >
SetHandler None
</location >
Hunchentoot is more than capable of being a stand alone webserver , but if your server uses Apache to serve other sites then we need to create a site configuration file so Apache can let Hunchentoot handle requests .
Some people also prefer to let Apache handle static pages and Hunchentoot handle the dynamic pages .
First we will configure a new site for our Hunchentoot server .
This site will serve all URLs to Hunchentoot except for the /static directory .
It looks for Hunchentoot on port 8000 .
Create a new file in /etc / apache2 / sites - available called " htoot " and enter the text below .
Be sure to modify it to suit your needs .
Since we are configuring proxy rules on a site - level basis , comment out everything in the global proxy configuration file .
If you run other sites that use mod_proxy be sure they are secure as well !
Enable the site with this command : Enable the proxy modules : Restart Apache : Now if you point your browser to your site , an Apache error message should display since we have n't install Hunchentoot yet .
You can test your configuration by creating a " / static " directory in your DocumentRoot folder and pointing your browser there .
Next up we need to install a lisp implementation on our machine .
I created a ~ / apps directory on my server and downloaded SBCL .
Be sure to change the download file to the version of SBCL you 're using .
I usually go to the SBCL website to get the correct link for my system .
Unpack it :
And run the installation script :
All done !
Slime will be used to access the server while it 's running .
All we have to do is load " swank -loader.lisp " in the lisp image to use it .
Download and upack Slime 's package : Be sure to modify the above commands for your particular version of Slime .
You should now have slime installed in your ~ / apps / slime directory .
Now run swank - loader .lisp in SBCL so Slime creates its necessary folders :
We will use SBCL's ASDF - INSTALL tool to install Hunchentoot and all of its dependencies .
Start SBCL with root privileges : Start the install : Choose to do a System - Wide installation .
I chose to skip gpg checking because it's a long and tedious process , but if you 're inclined to do so this website is a great source :
http://www.pps.jussieu.fr/~jch/software/pgp-validating.html
When complete , install cl - who : To test the installation , in SBCL execute the following : Point your browser to your server 's 4242 port , such as http://your-domain.com:4242, and you should see the Hunchentoot default page .
Quit SBCL before continuing .
For security purposes , we will create a new system user to run Hunchentoot called htoot :
The Ubuntu way of launching services is to put a control script in the /etc / init .d directory .
Luckily , for those of you who are not experienced at writing these scripts , Ubuntu comes with a handy skeleton file that makes a great starting point .
First go to /etc / init.d and create a new file with nano called htoot : Copy and paste the following code , being sure to replace the STARTUPSCRIPT file to where you want to put your Hunchentoot start - up lisp script that we will create next :
Save the file and exit nano , then make the file executable :
The script above starts Hunchentoot by telling SBCL to load the Hunchentoot start - up script , which we will create next .
To stop Hunchentoot , we simply telnet to a specific port that the SBCL instance listens to .
With this configuration , the Hunchentoot instance runs under the user ' htoot ' .
Next change to the directory where you want to place the Hunchentoot start - up lisp script and create a new file called " start- hunchentoot.lisp " .
Copy and paste the code below .
Be sure to read over this code , changing the path to your swank - loader file and any other options as you see fit .
When you have lisp sites that you want loaded upon start up , you can place their load commands after the ' ; ; ; Load any sites here ' comment above .
Now we 're ready to launch Hunchentoot : Point your browser to your site .
Instead of the error seen before , you should see the Hunchentoot default page !
To start Hunchentoot when Ubuntu boots , issue the following commands :
Our start - up scripts also starts up the swank server so we can connect to it via Slime and Emacs .
View the Slime Manual for the steps on how to do so .
Remember that swank is using port 4006 , not the default 4005 !
1 .
Sometimes if I use the htoot script to restart Hunchentoot , start - up will fail because port 6440 is in use .
Issue the command " netstat - a | grep 6440 " and verify it 's free before trying to start Hunchentoot .
Usually you 'll have to wait a few seconds before the previous telnet command to stop Hunchentoot finishes .
2 .
If you have problems starting Hunchentoot during boot - up , you can modify the htoot script to direct output to a file , such as / var / log / boot to help debug .
I once did this and found I had issues starting Slime when Ubuntu booted .
I hope this article will help people get up and running with Hunchentoot on Ubuntu , which in my opinion is web programming paradise .
Feel free to leave any tips or suggestions below .
Other links of interest :
Older versions of Hunchentoot support the Apache module mod_lisp .
Instructions for installing mod_lisp and configuring Apache are as follows :
First ensure your software repository list contains the proper source .
Open your software repository list
If the file lacks the following line , add it to the end .
Save the changes and exit nano .
Next install mod_lisp : The file lisp .
load should now reside in /etc / apache2 / mods - available / .
Next enable it in Apache : Then restart Apache : The file lisp .
load should now be seen in /etc / apache2 / mods - enabled /
In the Apache site configuration file , add something like the following : This lets Hunchentoot handle all of your sites pages except for the / static directory .
Note that if you are using an older version of Hunchentoot , be sure to modify start - hunchentoot .
lisp to use the older start - server and stop - server functions instead of start and stop .
I decided to bring this one to the top today .
You see , I just got a Powered by Ubuntu sticker request in the mail today , and with it the guy asked if there was a sticker to replace the Microsoft Windows License sticker on his computer .
That request reminding me of this post I put up a while back .
So without further ado , here it is again :
I found the below picture in my internet Stumbles and thought I would repost it .
The image is apparently created by some guy on the Ubuntu Forums with the handle of MenZa , who released it with a GPL license , so feel free to re-post , re-distribute or whatever !
This should make the transition to Ubuntu for Windows users a little more smooth .
Mark
Twain is one of our nation 's defining cultural figures .
The Mark Twain House & Museum has restored the author ’s Hartford , Connecticut , home , where the author and his family lived from 1874 to 1891 .
Twain wrote his most important works during the years he lived there , including Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , The Adventures of Tom Sawyer , and A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur ’s Court .
In addition to providing tours of Twain ’s restored home , a National Historic Landmark , the institution offers activities and educational programs that illuminate Twain ’s literary legacy and provide information about his life and times .
For 60 years , Scuderia Ferrari has never missed a season of F1 racing .
To commemorate this 60 year anniversary , Ferrari has christened the newest Formula 1 entry the “ F60 ” .
Ferrariworld.com has an excellent preview of the car , and some video of it traversing the Mugello Track .
Some notable changes have been made compared with the outgoing F2008 .
Immediately visible in the image below is the much narrower rear wing .
Also notice the front splitter is a single airfoil that is much wider than before and the nose that appears to have been lengthened at least 6 inches compared to the previous car .
The new wing can also be adjusted by the driver in small increments , a development that has been a long time coming .
Additionally , you can see that the shape of the engine air inlet has changed somewhat from the previous edition , and the side mirrors have been moved further to the side of the car .
Not readily apparent is the Kinetic Energy Recovery System ( KERS ) that was jointly developed by Ferrari and Magneti Marelli .
One of the biggest new features comes with tire choice , as you can see , this car is wearing Bridgestone racing slicks that no longer have thick longitudinal grooves .
These new developments are mostly a result of the changes in FIA regulations governing Formula 1 , and are intended to enable much more passing than ever before .
Now all Ferrari needs is people to pass 🙂
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
Rescue
Me star makes revelation during book signing but disagrees with 9/11 truth advocates
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , December 3 , 2008
The hit TV series Rescue Me , a drama about New York City firefighters , is set to feature a 9/11 conspiracy plot in the first ten episodes of the new series , according to the show ’s main star Denis Leary .
Leary revealed the details during a book signing in Los Angeles , where he also offered his forthright personal opinion on the collapse of WTC Building 7 , a 47 - story skyscraper that collapsed into its own footprint on the late afternoon of 9/11 despite not being hit by a plane .
“ When asked by a hesitant fan as to whether or not the actor thought there should be a reinvestigation into the events leading up to and surrounding the 9/11 tragedy , Leary ’s eyes lit up as he revealed that conspiracy and reinvestigation into 9/11 are , in fact , major plot lines in the first 10 episodes of Rescue Me season 5 , set to premiere in April 2009 for a 22 - episode run on FX , ” reports L.A. Weekly .
But Leary deflected questions about the collapse of Building 7 , stating , “ You guys do n’t want to get into that with me , ” adding that he “ knew several of the guys who had been there working to hold that building up . ”
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Perhaps Leary also knows some of the people who are on tape on 9/11 saying that the building is “ about to blow up ” too ?
Perhaps Leary can help explain how a massive skyscraper which had been structurally reinforced can implode within 7 seconds after suffering limited fires across no more than ten floors and in doing so completely defy the laws of physics ?
Perhaps Leary ’s friends can tell us why the Windsor Building in Madrid burned like a raging inferno for 24 hours yet retained its structural integrity ?
The L.A. Weekly failed to report what happened at the end of the conversation .
After the question about Building 7 , security thugs stepped in , blocked the camera and proceeded to kick the protagonists out of the bookstore .
There was no hostility or impoliteness on the part of the 9/11 truthers , but apparently Leary ’s security thinks it necessary to physically eject anyone who expresses an opinion different to his .
Watch the clip below .
The real hero in all of this is obviously Daniel Sunjata , who co-stars in Rescue Me. Sunjata has been a vocal advocate for the 9/11 truth movement in questioning 9/11 and he likely had a massive influence on the decision of the script writers to dramatize the issue .
The prevalence of 9/11 truth in a plethora of different mediums is exactly what is required to spread the truth and wake up people who would not necessarily come into contact with this information through the usual channels .
We applaud the staff of Rescue Me for having the fortitude to tackle this vital issue .
Rescue Me star Daniel Sunjata .
This article was posted : Wednesday , December 3 , 2008 at 5:01 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Contact
© 2020 Classic Cat - the classical music directory Privacy policy Looking for classical mp3 downloads ?
We index the free - to - download classical mp3s on the internet .
©2020 Classic Cat - the classical music directory
Our dream : to make the world 's treasury of classical music accessible for everyone .
See the about page on how we see the future .
Help us with donations or by making music available !
OPINION : After 16 years in Canada , I came home to Ireland .
Big mistake .
A really big mistake . . . writes BRENDAN LANDERS .
THERE ARE three types of people who uproot themselves and emigrate to make their lives anew in a country that is not their own by birthright .
Some are gifted with itchy feet and a lust for adventure – they abandon their homeland to satisfy their curiosity about the wide world beyond .
Some are fortunate enough to happen upon a foreign place that touches their soul or to bond with a person who makes the prospect of migration more attractive than a life lived at home without the other .
And some are forced to emigrate because their native place has nothing substantial to offer them in life .
Most of us who left Ireland during the 1980s fell into the third category .
We went away not because we had itchy feet , had found our Eldorado or fallen in love with an exotic foreigner , but because Ireland had nothing to offer us .
No jobs , no opportunities , no scope to follow our dreams or aspire to even a modicum of success in life .
The Irish economy was broken and it would take a miracle to fix it .
Along with the dismal state of the nation ’s finances , there was a sense that whatever wealth existed was hoarded greedily by a coterie of well - connected professionals , wide boys and golden circles .
The land of our birth offered us nothing but tacit encouragement to leave .
Brian Lenihan snr , the father of our current Minister for Finance , put it succinctly when he said : “ Sure we ca n’t all live on a small island . ”
Emigration was expected of us and so , forlorn and abandoned , we departed .
We overcame our grief , our disappointment , our homesickness , our longing for the day - to - day company of our families and friends .
We settled and went about the business of building new lives for ourselves in our homes away from home .
We did n’t expect to live in Ireland again .
Then , after a decade or so of exile , a sequence of remarkable events conspired to persuade us that maybe miracles can happen after all .
We watched agog as Ireland underwent an awesome transformation .
The country transmogrified from an impoverished backwater racked by unemployment and a culture of despair into the epitome of cool and a clamorous hothouse of self - indulgent affluence .
U2 became the biggest rock ’n ’roll band in the world and , unlike previous Irish rock stars such as Van Morrison , Thin Lizzy , Rory Gallagher and the Boomtown Rats , who all invariably moved to London at the first taste of success , they stayed in Dublin .
Jim Sheridan and Neil Jordan directed world - class movies that won Oscars and they stayed in Ireland instead of moving to Hollywood .
Alan Parker made a movie of The Commitmentsand Roddy Doyle bestrode the world of literature , won the Booker Prize and did n’t move to Paris or New York .
By virtue of Michael Flatley ’s dazzling footwork , Riverdancecreated a sensation in theatres throughout the world and Flatley actually moved to Ireland .
The IRA declared a ceasefire and the country was at peace , albeit tentatively so .
Michael D Higgins served as minister for arts , culture and the Gaeltacht .
A poet in Cabinet , for God ’s sake – it was like 1916 all over again .
Tribunals were exposing corruption in a host of establishment institutions and there was much heady talk of a brave new world of openness , honesty , transparency and ethics in public life .
Hope peeped out from under the carpet .
Mary Robinson , a principled , liberal woman , won the presidency and put a candle in the window of her residence in the Phoenix Park as a beacon of light and a welcome home to the children of the diaspora .
For us , this was a revolutionary act of sensitivity unprecedented in the country ’s history .
US multinationals flocked to Ireland to invest their money and gain a toehold in Europe , and the eponymous Celtic Tiger was born .
Money talked the talk and Ireland quickly learned to walk the walk .
There was full employment .
We went home on holidays and we shook our heads in bemusement at the profusion of “ Help Wanted ” signs in shop windows .
The Irish government sent emissaries throughout the diaspora , asking us to come home and take our place in the new Ireland .
They promised jobs , prosperity , vindication and a proud place in a proud new Ireland .
And we , poor fools , chose to believe them .
How could we have refused , we who had , for years , deep inside ourselves , wondered what life might have been like if we ’d been able to stay home ?
We dared to believe , stifled our doubts , bought into the new zeitgeist and gave up the lives we had so carefully and painfully constructed .
We sold our houses , packed our furniture into containers , uprooted our families and came back to Ireland .
Things were good at first .
We found jobs that paid well .
So what if the houses cost a fortune – all our savings went into the deposit and we still had to borrow a small fortune – were n’t the universities free for our kids and wo n’t they have a wonderful life without the shadow of emigration hanging over their heads ?
And were n’t the old - age pensions going up ?
And was n’t this a grand new country after all its troubles ?
We blinked when we saw the old and infirm racked up like refugees on trolleys in hospital waiting rooms , enduring conditions that would be embarrassing in the developing world .
We baulked when we saw the subversion of progressive initiatives like the Freedom of Information Act and the Equality Agency .
We gaped in disbelief as successive ministers for finance behaved like lumpen proletariat lottery winners , squandered billions of euro in budget surpluses and pumped up inflation – had they no mothers , we wondered , to instill in them the good sense of saving for a rainy day ?
We were overwhelmed with dejected deja vu when our taoiseach tied himself up in verbal knots trying to explain his ill - gotten gains at the Mahon tribunal .
And we wept in despair when , in the face of his chicanery , the people re-elected him .
But the final nail was hammered into the coffin of our disenchantment when the financial crash came and the Government ’s first instinct was to make the poorest and most vulnerable sectors of society pay for its mistakes .
We finally had to admit to ourselves that the golden circles had n’t gone away , they ’d just put on new coats .
Now here we are , utterly faithless in the disposition of our elected politicians , plagued with anxiety and insecurity , one job - loss away from ruin .
Our savings are gone and our houses are virtually worthless .
Our children face a bleak future and the heart - rending prospect of forced emigration .
We made a terrible mistake .
We came back .
Because we wanted to , we believed that the country had changed .
We believed in the miracle .
We believed in the politicians .
In the electorate .
We were wrong .
Never again .
Brendan Landers is a Dublin - born freelance writer and journalist .
His first novel , Milo Devine , was published by Poolbeg Press in 2001 .
From 1974 to 1981 .
he worked in Dublin as a bus conductor for CIÉ .
In 1984 , he went to Canada where he was publisher / managing editor of Ireland ’s Eye , a magazine for Irish - Canadians , and also editor of the Irish Canada News , a Toronto - based monthly newspaper .
In 2000 , he returned to Dublin .
He is married and the father of a young boy .
His website is landersbrendan.tripod.com
Crystal Radio
Stay Tuned
( Crystal Radios , Crystal Set , Crystal Sets , Catswiskers , Science Fair Crystal Radios , Cub Scout Crystal Radio , and much more ! )
Welcome to the " Stay Tuned " Crystal Radio Web Site
Dedicated to the preservation , experimentation , and advancement of crystal radios .
This is a noncomercial website .
In other words ........ We do n't sell anything !
Electrical Circuits Explained
It does a great job of explaining electrical circuits and has a ton of other
electronics / engineering projects to play with !
How A Crystal Radio Works
How radio waves work , and how is the sound transmitted over a radio wave
Web Based Calculators ( no need for Excel )
Contests and Interests
Crystal Radio Plans and Projects
Crystal Radios for the " Beginning Builders "
The Pack 57 Buffalo Den Crystal Radio
How to wire a variable capacitor
Now includes both a simple single gang and a double ( two ) gang variable capacitor
Crystal Radios for the " Intermediate Builders "
Performance Sets and DX Crystal Radios
Giant 8 foot - High Performance - Loop Crystal Set for DX
Like to see your radio up here ?
email me !
None " Performance " Crystal Sets
Fun Tips
Projects
Parts and Suppliers
Crystal Radio Museums
Reproduction Crystal Radio Equipment
Items of " Crystal Radio " Interest
Crystal Radio Terminology ( terms used with crystal radios )
P
a
By Dejan Momirov
These calculators do not require Microsoft 's Excel to run .
They are web based !
Older Tools
To other websites .
Click Here
To other suppliers
Click Here
Memory Lane
Take a look .
Just about every type Suundpowed Headset and handset made .
Also , many magnet headphone ( collections )
All for saleSee some of the work benches and area used to make some of these radio's .
Caution .... Some benches might be disturbing !!
LOLIf you have a photo of your " bench " or " Area " you could share with us , let me know and I will post it here !
All you new builders , come on , lets see your benches !
See some of the dx rigs being used !( Crystal Radio Plans , Circuits , Schematics and Projects ) Try one of these radios out .
Some old , and some new .
Also the original Patent papers for a " Umbrella Crystal Radio from 1928A Cub Scout Crystal Radio Project by Tom Mohr ( N9JLF ) Everything you need to know about building a crystal radio with Cub Scouts .
Build everything from scratch !
Everything !
Coming Very Soon !
Want to see a preview ?
OK , but it 's not done yet !
Try this list of common mistake beginners have with their radios .
What they look like and doIf it is your first radio , I highly recommend the " Beginning Builders " first .
Here is a nice Variometer Crystal Set from the book ‘ The Boy ’s Book of Wireless ’ by Ernest H. Robinson ( 1923 ) Built and adapted by John Hassell ( VK6JAH ) ‘ The Boy ’s Book of Wireless ’ by Ernest H. Robinson ( 1923 ) Another radio built and adapted by John Hassell ( VK6JAH ) If you have a set that might fit in here , email me - The Lyonodyne 17 by Mike Tuggle DX Crystal Radio # 1 Mike 's award winning DX radio , the famous " Lyonodyne " designed by Steve BringhurstBaldyodyne ( TK3 ) Designer Steve BringhurstBuilt by Darryl Boydby Steve BringhurstBaldyodyne( TK2 )
Designer / Builder Steve Bringhurst.by Mike TuggleMike has modified the MRL ® # 39 and Mystery Crystal Setto come up with this new radioHe has added more info as of 18 June 04 !!
New Again !!by Mike Tuggleby Josh Young .
This is a must see !
Lots of neat tricks !
Stalinist Era Russian Crystal SetSchematic of the " Rocket Radio " Also , Turbo charge your " Rocket Radio " Simple and Easy to UseBy Mike TuggleBuild this formless high performance spider web coil .
Uses an old CDrom disk as the removable coil formBuild A Classic Oats Box RadioWith Images of Early Oats Boxes To Dress Up Your Radio !!
Salt Box Crystal Radio from our friends at Morton SaltBuild A Classic Salt Box RadioWith Images of Early Morton Salt Boxes To Dress Up Your Radio !!
Pacent Model 30
Many new images addedParts for crystal radios - diodes , air variables , wire , xformers , ear plugs , headsets , literature , styrenelow melt alloys for mounting crystals , etc.continuously updatedSound Powered , Magnetic Headphones , and Misc. Crystal Radio PartsVirtual museum of crystal radio sets !
Virtual museum of crystal radio adjustable detectors also called " Catswiskers " Virtual museum of tins and containers that crystals came in .
Virtual Mineral MuseumBeautiful radio built by Hamish Gallowayby Darryl Boydby Hamish GallowayThis is a work in progress .
I need a little help here !by Felix ScerriQueensland , AustraliaThe Model 711-16
" The Gulp " by Mike TuggleSound Powered Headphone and Handset Web Pages .
Sound Powered headphone are excellent for use on crystal radiosrinted in the 40's for W.W.II .
Theory of operation , breakdowns , drawings , and repair and maintenance The " UltiMatch " by unit has been improved !
The New " UltiMatch 2 " is even more versatile !
Convert your old " UltiMatch " !
New Stanley Match ( Data , Schmatics , and where to purchace )ll new techniques and photos .
This page is geared to an RCA , but the techniques are the same for all elements
This article shows how to rewind the " bobbins " inside a set ofDLR No.5 balanced armature headphones to increase theimpedance of the unit .
Replace those old smelly or " gummy " ear cushions on your decktalkers ( Mine and not for sale ) For the budget and or technically challenged .
A little more money and time .
1920 's Battery Radios and Transistor PlansAll New Tube Radio Plans Web Page .
Quite a few new radios added .1 added 26 September 2004
This section is new and includes a VLF Receiver
If it do n't fit into the other categories , you will find it here .
Very interesting projects !
Impedance Match Any Headphones to Any Radio .
Build this circuit and run some Sound Powered headphones on a batteryradio , and go for the DX !!!
If it do n't fit in the other categories , this is where it goes !
This is where I put things that are not plans of any kind .
They just caught my interest as I went through different magazines I 've purchased and donated itemsAdded New Ads 17 April 05 The Model 711-16 " The Gulp " " Professor Coyle " Web Based Calculatorsby Dan Petersen ( Special Thank 's To Dan for allowing eveyone to enjoy these for free ! )
Stay Tuned is pleased to offer Dan Petersen 's " Professor Coyle " calculators
The following webpages were edited to HTML from the original Excel files
If you have Microsoft 's Excel ( or equiv . )
Then download this file and you can work off line !
ID a diode by it 's color bands , much as you would a resistor ) These pages were part of another web site having nothing to do with crystal radios .
They were split off the other web siteand were the start of the present web site dedicated to crystal radios only .
I added the crystal radio plans section and thename " Stay Tuned " and " Stay Tuned " was born and on it's own .
Web site built in end of 2000 .
Announced open by Owen Pool on 6 Jan 2001
( Newser ) – Police in Argentina recently found a 1 - year - old homeless boy being cared for by wild cats , the Daily Telegraph reports .
A policewoman on patrol noticed an unusually large cat gathering which , on closer inspection , was surrounding the boy .
Doctors believe the eight cats snuggled up to keep the child warm on cold nights that would have otherwise been fatal .
“ The boy was lying at the bottom of a gutter , ” the officer said .
“ There were all these cats on top of him licking him because he was really dirty .
When I walked over they became really protective and spat at me . ”
The cats also apparently foraged for the boy 's food .
Police later found his homeless father , who said cats have always been protective of his son .
( Read more cat stories . )
Sorry I had no column in the paper this week , there ’s some very good fun stuff coming in the next month if I can pull it together safely .
Meanwhile , in case any of you are feeling complacent , I offer you this truly magnificent performance on MMR by Jeni Barnett from LBC Radio on the 7th January 2009 .
I hope you enjoy this clip as much as I do .
EDIT … SHHHHH !!!
LBC ’s lawyers have contacted me to say that posting this clip for discussion here is infringement of copyright .
Make of that what you will .
Blog post to follow here .
It is my view that in this extended broadcast Jeni exemplifies every single canard ever uttered by the antivaccination movement .
“ It ’s a conspiracy by the pharmaceutical industry . ”
“ Science always changes so you can believe what you like . ”
“ It ’s a debate and a controversy . ” “ Measles was never that bad anyway . ”
“ Immune systems are damaged by being understimulated . ”
“ Immune systems are damaged by being overstimulated . ”
And so on .
I invite you to document the rest below ( the bit about empirical experience is particularly enjoyable ) and maybe we can get the full list of canards together for the definitive numbers set of Bad Science Bingo .
In fact , if there is an anti-vaxxer canard in existence which is not in this broadcast , I want to know about it , signed copy of some book for the best one .
This scare , as you can see , will never end .
Bravo Jeni .
twitter.com/bengoldacre
Eileen Yaghoobian  Producer / Director / Cinematographer / Editor
Iranian - born Canadian filmmaker Eileen Yaghoobian has spent the past four years shooting her first , full - length documentary film DIED YOUNG STAYED PRETTY .
This project is the pinnacle of her 10 - year career in film and will premiere at the 2008 Montreal World Film Festival .
Yaghoobian 's formal training in filmmaking , 3D animation , theatre , and photography provided a foundation for her diverse career as a director , production designer , and set decorator for numerous independent productions in Canada and the United States .
Yaghoobian 's short films and videos have screened at national and international festivals as well as art exhibitions .
Her Still Photography can be found in the permanent collections at the George Eastman House International Museum of Photography and Film ; the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston ; Bibliothèque Nationale , Paris ; and Art Bank : Canada Council for the Arts , Ottawa .
She recently directed Tennesse Williams ' play The Night of the Iguana in Boston .
Yaghoobian has just completed the prestigious Lincoln Center Director 's Lab 2008 and is in the midst of developing a feature narrative for her next feature film .
Check out Dead Zoo's Indiegogo Page !
Currently in pre-production , we are raising funds to make a short film combining essential components of the feature project , DEAD ZOO .
Mark Greenberg  Music Composer
Mark Greenberg was a member of the band the Coctails ( Hi - Ball / Carrot Top ) in the early 90's and currently plays and records with Archer Prewitt ( Thrill Jockey ) , and Eleventh Dream Day ( Thrill Jockey ) and Chestnut Station ( Drag City ) .
In addition to touring and recording bands in his home studio , Mark also makes music for use in video games , TV , the Internet , and films with his companies Mayfair Recordings and the Mayfair Workshop .
He lives in Chicago with his wife Ann - Marie and their three beautiful children .
Pete Dionne  Visual Effects
Pete Dionne has spent the last seven years in the film industry as a VFX artist at Tehnicolor in Vancouver .
A few of his highlights have been Slither , The Butterfly Effect , and It 's All Gone Pete Tong .
He has also worked on a number of independent music videos , including Black Rice 's Into The Night and Sam Roberts ' Hard Road .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The number of obese American adults outweighs the number of those who are merely overweight , according to the latest statistics from the federal government .
Subway riders walk through the turnstiles while leaving the U.S. Open in New York September 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
Numbers posted by the National Center for Health Statistics show that more than 34 percent of Americans are obese , compared to 32.7 percent who are overweight .
It said just under 6 percent are “ extremely ” obese .
“ More than one - third of adults , or over 72 million people , were obese in 2005 - 2006 , the NCHS said in its report .
The numbers are based on a survey of 4,356 adults over the age of 20 who take part in a regular government survey of health , said the NCHS , which is part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
The figures come from the 2005 - 2006 survey and are the most current available .
“ During the physical examination , conducted in mobile examination centers , height and weight were measured as part of a more comprehensive set of body measurements , ” the NCHS report said .
“ Although the prevalence of obesity has more than doubled since 1980 , the prevalence of overweight has remained stable over the same time period , ” it said .
Obesity and overweight are calculated using a formula called body mass index .
BMI is equal to weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared .
Someone with a BMI of 25 to 29 is classified as overweight , 30 to 40 counts as obese and people with BMIs of 40 or more are morbidly obese .
A person 5 feet 5 inches tall becomes overweight at 150 pounds ( 68 kg ) and obese at 180 pounds ( 82 kg ) .
The U.S. National Institutes of Health has an online BMI calculator at www.nhlbisupport.com/bmi/.
In the 1988 - 1994 surveys , 33 percent of Americans were overweight , 22.9 percent were obese and 2.9 percent were morbidly obese .
The numbers have edged up steadily since .
Being overweight or obese raises the risk of heart disease , diabetes , some cancers , arthritis and other conditions .
In May , the CDC reported that 32 percent of U.S. children fit the definition of being overweight , 16 percent were obese and 11 percent were extremely obese .
Childhood and adult obesity has emerged as a growing problem not only in the United States but also in many countries around the world .
Time top 10 iPhone apps
TIME has published a list of its ten favorite App Store downloads Pandora Radio ranked highest and was considered " the all - time best free app for music lovers . "
The streaming music service also scored the top position in Apple 's overall comparison of free apps .
Users can enter an artist , song , album or genre , and Pandora then creates a station that provides similar music from a wide range of content .
Next in line was AroundMe , another free app for travelers that provides location - based information such as banks , cafes , restaurants , entertainment and more .
Users can obtain directions to any entry or save the relevant contact information onto their mobile device .
AP Mobile News Network rounded out the top three , delivering categorized news , images , video and even local content .
Users can save stories for later reading or e-mail tips to the news network .
Ocarina ( $ 1 ) , a virtual - instrument app , is another entry that shared a high ranking with Time as well as the iTunes list of most - downloaded music apps .
Wikipanion was claimed to be the best Wikipedia tool for the iPhone , while Adrenaline Pool Lite made the list because of its physics engine and multiplayer support .
Instapaper was considered worthy because of its ability to take web pages that are tagged while working on a desktop computer and upload the content onto the iPhone for later viewing .
The list finished with the RSS - reader NetNewsWire , the iTalk recording app , and Fake Call ( $ 1 ) .
Online conversations have a habit of proceeding in peculiar ways .
Let 's take the parody here of an online chatroom discussion , penned by Tim Dowling for the Guardian in 2005 , and use it as a case study .
Anyone who has ever tried to chat with more than one other person on the net will find it familiar , because communication there tends to break down in predictable ways .
So why does it happen , and what can it tell us about the architecture of Cyburbia that it does ?
The first thing to note about our chat - room conversation is that its participants all meet as anonymous nodes or peers on an electronic information loop or network .
LadeezMan , capitalistpiglet , Bronco , Pashmina and Osama - bin - Laden are unlikely to be using their real names , and this shared sense of anonymity forges a kind of equality among them .
By stripping people of their identities and rendering them as anonymous peers on an online information loop , communication in Cyburbia encourages them to speak up more honestly and truthfully than they would if someone in authority was staring over their shoulder .
Learning to trust one 's electronic peers , however , can also lull people into a false sense of security .
Since everything written in electronic ink usually leaves a clue as to its origins , it is not very difficult to work out who anyone is .
As more and more people pile into Cyburbia to make their fortune , too , the signposts there are becoming wilfully confusing .
Google 's Page Rank system and others like it , the inventor of the web Tim Berners - Lee explained to me , are becoming skewed by search engine " optimisation " firms who buy up links from an open market to drive traffic in the direction of their clients .
Surely , however , there are gains to be had from communicating with a group via an electronic information loop ?
That all depends on how you go about measuring the gains from conversation .
In our online conversation the naive observer might think that here was a conversation between five parties .
To the seasoned theorist of networks , however , that significantly undervalues the explosive growth in possible electronic ties .
If each member of our chatroom were to begin a separate conversation with each of the others , there could be as many as 20 different ties or connections forged among them .
Sure enough , the most distinctive thing about conversation in our chatroom is that it immediately splits itself into a number of different conversational streams which makes the conversation progress in a haphazard and non-linear way .
Not only are there many different conversational streams , but some members of the chatroom are nimble enough to switch in and out of those different streams as the mood takes them .
Rather than moving forwards in the traditional linear way , it tends to spread out in a non-linear manner to encompass more and more different subjects .
As information hurtles from side to side between electronic ties , it looks more like a juxtaposition of random statements .
The conversation has certainly given rise to an impressive array of electronic ties , but they do n't add up to a coherent debate on the subject under discussion .
Perhaps this is all a little unkind .
If LadeezMan , capitalistpiglet , Bronco , Pashmina and Osama - bin - Laden had all congregated in a public space instead of rolling up in an internet chatroom , they might still have wandered off the subject and the debate might still have broken down into an unruly cacophony .
That 's why debates have moderators or chairpersons , to chivvy the discussion along and prevent it being sidetracked or descending into rancour or abuse .
In our online conversation , however , the efforts of the hapless online moderator , Chris2 , to keep the discussion on the straight and narrow are either ignored , derided or brushed off in a manner which would be unheard of in an ordinary public debate .
Confronted with an authority figure who wants to steer their conversation , our five online debaters simply route around his authority and talk among themselves .
Not only that , but some of them also seem deliberately out to rile and provoke him .
One way of looking at what they are up to is jamming the system with " noise " or feedback to deliberately undermine his authority .
Hiring an online moderator to hang out and wearily move things along , however , is only one way to try to ensure the orderly movement of traffic in Cyburbia .
One common approach , more in keeping with the peer - to - peer architecture of the place , is to sow feedback loops directly into the system so that everyone can rank the contribution of their electronic neighbours and ensure that everything is as it should be .
Doing so helps electronic exchanges run more smoothly , but only at the expense of introducing problems of its own .
The online auction site eBay , for example , is stitched together largely by information feedback loops in which buyers and sellers are encouraged to rank each others honesty and reliability .
In an intriguing public statement in February 2008 , however , the company announced it was overhauling its feedback system to ban sellers from leaving negative comments about buyers .
What was happening , eBay admitted , was that when buyers gave " bad " feedback to sellers they had bought from , those sellers were responding by leaving negative feedback of their own .
eBay 's information feedback loop oiled the wheels of its online auction very nicely , but only by sparking a kind of electronic peer pressure whereby the first person to arrive at a decision in any exchange would likely find it echoed by those they were dealing with .
The system resembled a kind of robotic dance routine , in which one dancer 's decision to step in one direction leads to everyone else automatically following suit .
Can any of this help improve the quality of debate among our chatroom inhabitants ?
Sowing an information feedback loop into the system would allow the five members of our chatroom to rank the contributions of their peers , so that later arrivals could see which of them were worth reading .
The result would narrow the focus of the conversation and make it much less prone to wandering off into multiple different threads .
But what kind of debate would we get ?
For one thing , there is likely to be a good deal of mutual back - scratching among our chatroom members when they are asked to evaluate the contributions of their peers .
Since early arrivals in the chatroom are much more likely to accumulate good feedback and see their contributions read by later arrivals , the direction of the conversation would also weigh heavily in their favour .
LadeezMan , who happened to arrive in the chatroom earlier than anyone else and who already has a firm friend in Bronco , might even find that his contributions end up at the top of the pile .
Latecomers should prepare for more earnest disquisitions on the aromas swirling around in his bedsit .
In my book I argue that the architecture of Cyburbia itself – rather than the personality or the character of its inhabitants – changes the way that we try to communicate there , and helps us to understand why communication there frequently breaks down .
Does any of this ring true to the users of Comment is free ?
And if so , can anyone suggest what we might do about it ?
sayonara
Japanese exports fell a record 46 % in the year to January .
The Japanese can happily look back to the good old days ( the previous month ) where exports only fell 35 % ........ While imports fell too , they fell a lot less , creating a record 953 billion yen ( roughly $ 10 billion ) trade deficit .
With a trade deficit of that size , the Japanese current account balance will likely show a deficit too for the first time in decades , especially as the investment income surplus is falling .
Long time readers are familiar with the causes for this collapse in Japanese exports : first of all there is a general decline in world trade due to the global economic downturn .
And secondly , the yen has for the last few months been highly overvalued .
If the levels it was trading at last month would have been sustained , the Japanese would be forced to kissto most of its tradable goods industries .
Given the fact that Japan does n't exactly have the kind of good investment opportunities that could finance the huge trade deficits this would create , and given the fact that no foreign central bank is likely to be willing to specifically prop up the yen , it was obvious that the January ( and early February ) exchange rates were a bubble that would eventually burst .
It was only a question of when .
While one can never be sure when it comes to short - term market fluctuations , it may have been the case that last months peak level for the yen was indeed the peak of the bubble .
The U.S. dollar is up some 9 % against the yen since February 2 .
The yen has lost even more against the U.K. pound and has also lost ( somewhat less ) ground against most other currencies .
Troubling enough for Japan though , the South Korean won has also lost further ground , and is at a record low against the U.S. dollar and near a record low against the yen as well .
The won is particularly important for Japan not just because of the fact that South Korea is an important trading partner , but perhaps even more because Japan and South Korea have eerily similar industrial structures ( cars , consumer electronics , steel , shipping etc. ) and they are therefore trading rivals on the global markets .
At current exchange rates of 15.8 won per yen ( more than twice the 7.5 it stood at in 2007 ) , Hyundai and Samsung have an enormous competitive advantage against Toyota and Sony .
The yen will therefore have to fall a lot more , especially if the won does n't recover .
UK to Gather Energy from Gas Pipelines Using Mini-Turbines
January 6th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Mini turbines will be installed inside the UK ’s gas pipeline grid later this year in an attempt to gather energy from pipeline pressure .
The set - up will be tested in east London and should produce 20 MW by 2010 .
If successful , future installations across the country could produce up to 1GW .
That ’s the same amount of power produced by a coal or nuclear power station .
The UK’s National Grid and a company called 2OC have teamed up to install the turbo expanders , which generate electricity when gas pressure is reduced .
Each expander is only 20 cm in diameter , but can generate a relatively impressive 1MW of electricity .
The technology for turbo expanders has been around until the 1980s , but up until now it was too expensive to pursue .
With rising energy prices , the expanders have become a viable option .
Costs may also be reduced by combining the turbo expander with a combined heat and power ( CHP ) engine that can generate electricity and heat .
This could boost the CHP ’s efficiency to over 70 percent .
The CHP engine could potentially run using vegetable oil from local rapeseed or synthetic oil made from wood .
None of these ideas have been tested on a large scale , however , so tangible results are probably many years away .
Photo Credit : Flickr user rickz under a CC license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Since it began last week , the trial of the Pirate Bay in Sweden has truly been a " spectrial " — and not just because of juvenile Pirate Bay antics such as last night 's open letter to IFPI boss John Kennedy .
The spectacle kicked back into high gear Wednesday as Kennedy traveled from London to Sweden to give testimony in the trial on behalf of the worldwide major - label music industry .
One of the curious aspects of the trial has been the way that both sides have focused on nonlegal questions , such as exactly how much money the global music industry has lost since 2001 ( answer : $ 11 billion , a 30 percent loss ) .
Kennedy 's testimony fit the pattern perfectly as he spoke almost exclusively about how bad the music industry 's revenues are now and how file - sharing was largely to blame .
Absent was any real talk of Swedish law , BitTorrent ( Kennedy admitted that he has only a general idea of how the whole system works ) , The Pirate Bay 's specific actions , or even contributory copyright infringement .
Instead , Kennedy spent much of his time making clear that he really , really did n't like The Pirate Bay .
" It 's impossible to compete with free , " he said .
The rest of the testimony was spent arguing trying to prove that file sharing profoundly depressed music sales .
Kennedy cited six academic papers on the topic and said that one supported the idea that file - sharing was good for music labels ; five said that file - sharing depressed record label revenues .
When pressed by a defense lawyer on the actual percentage reductions in revenue predicted by the five papers , Kennedy could n't immediately answer , though his testimony seemed to suggest that file - sharing was in large part responsible for the 30 percent revenue decline .
Defense lawyers once again focused on Google , as they have with nearly every music industry witness .
They wanted to know why IFPI had not sued Google , despite the fact that a search for something like " Coldplay torrents " would lead to all sorts of dark and devious places .
Kennedy said that The Pirate Bay and Google were hardly comparable .
" If you type ' Coldplay ' into Google , there will be 40 million results , made up of press stories , links to legal download stores , concert reviews and a multitude of different links .
If you go to The Pirate Bay you will get less than 100 results , all of which will give you access to illegal music , illegal movies and artwork . "
But Kennedy also suggested that the issue was n't just about the percentages of infringing material on the two services — what really mattered was cooperation .
And Google has agreed to help .
Kennedy revealed that Google works with IFPI teams on a " daily basis " to address music available illegally online , and he painted the world in stark with - us - or - against - us terms .
According to Swedish Pirate Party leader Rick Falkvinge , who transcribed Kennedy 's remarks , Kennedy said , " We have approached Google and told them about this .
We have asked them if they want to be our opponents or our partners .
We have ten people in London working with them on a daily basis [ to make illegal music unavailable ] .
If Google had indicated they would be our opponent , we would have taken them to court . "
The Pirate Bay , needless to say , did not agree to be an IFPI " partner . "
Kennedy did make two quite interesting points during his testimony .
The first came after he was questioned by defense lawyers about why the music industry had not gone after the end - users — the people who had actually done the file - sharing .
Among the trial 's many oddities , this is another that stands out , since The Pirate Bay folks resolutely criticized the music industry 's decision to do exactly that in the past .
Kennedy pointed this out .
" We have been criticized for going after individuals , " he said .
The case itself has tended to devolve into discussions about how the music industry should work or what sorts of business models it might embrace or whether file - sharing was n't a huge promotional opportunity for bands .
Kennedy was asked whether concerts might provide a revenue source to replace recorded music sales , for instance .
Kennedy granted the legitimacy of these points , for some artists at least , but he draws a distinct line between what an artist chooses to do with the work that she creates and what some fan chooses to do with that artist 's work .
It might make sense for many artists to put their music on The Pirate Bay , as Trent Reznor did , but in Kennedy 's view , the important thing is that " the artist should have the right to determine how their product is used . "
Little of this had to do with the legal issues in the case , of course .
Kennedy even admitted that he does n't know how The Pirate Bay operates but said he does know that it has no authorization from rightsholders .
But the whole issue in the trial is that the site does n't actually offer any files and so claims it needs no authorization from rightsholders .
It 's the end - users , the ones actually sharing the copyrighted material with one another , who would need such permission or licensing .
And so the strange spectrial rolls on .
Begin at Redfern Station : overpoliced , oversurveilled , over bright …
Like when they demolish houses so you can see the preserved insides where people once watched tv , practised the flute , sung happy birthday , and there ’s always a burnt out fireplace .
That ’s what Redfern Station feels like .
Like nothing good could ever happen there .
They march this guy past .
He ’d spat on one of them , the cop says later .
It is obvious he does n’t want to go .
His girlfriend is walking alongside , telling him to calm down , that he ’ll only get himself into more trouble , and I wish he would .
But her pleas are n’t working .
I want to go home he yells , loud .
I follow them .
Suddenly he is on the ground in front of the ticket machine , and I think , fuck .
One of them pulls out a long whip like stick from his belt and I feel sick .
Three cops are on top of him , a knee squeezing down onto his head .
His girlfriend tries to make them stop .
They tell her to stand back , push her backwards .
She resists , stands her ground , says clearly , No , you are using excessive force against an Aboriginal man .
More cops flock in from across the road .
Ducks skimming onto water .
This is what made me most angry .
It was n’t seeing the full effect of the overpolicing ( where else in Sydney would twenty cops arrive in the same place in a couple of minutes ? ) , and not the blatant racism of that fact .
It was the young guy , perhaps coming home from work or uni , who saw this man on the ground in front of the ticket machine with three policemen sitting on him , a knee to his head as he screamed Do n’t hurt me , and smiled at the security guard to say Do I have to buy a ticket ?
gesturing to what was going on as if it was one of those routine disturbances that sometimes cause otherwise numb and silent train passengers to share a sigh and a word or two , and she smiled back and let him through the gate .
I wanted to grab him and point him at what was happening .
Is there such a thing as controlled anger ?
If so I do n’t think I ’ve ever experienced it .
I would really like to know how other people deal with situations like this .
How did you witness them ?
What do you do with your anger ?
I feel so out of practice .
Even writing this four days after , the pathetic sincerity , trying to shorten my sentences to recount the movements of people feels grotesque , unreal , like a queasy re-enactment for the authorities , and I do n’t want to be writing it , I ’m shaking writing it and I feel like crying , but how else ?
This goes on for about four minutes ; much longer than it must have taken to handcuff him .
As it is happening another guy takes out his mobile to take photos , after the guy being arrested asks him ( shouting , pleading ) to .
A young cop comes up to him and tells him to stop because it ’s illegal .
That I can not stand .
Everything is surveyed , scanned , all the time in the city but supposedly we ’re not allowed to make our own images .
This is commonly known as a Fucking Load Of Shit .
I say to him , That is not true .
He turns to me quickly looking harried and starts to say something about how he would know .
Police officers know what ’s legal and illegal ?
This would be news to many people .
He looks about old enough to wipe his own arse .
His girlfriend is on the ground now too and they are handcuffing her .
Fucking hell , why are police so reactive ?
( if not provocative ) .
I would have done the same if it was my sister , brother , a friend there on the ground , I would have ordered them off immediately , as I ’m sure everyone I know would .
At the very least police should not be surprised at this .
They march them both across the road to the watchtower , the police station conveniently placed to watch over the Block .
Some drinkers from the RSL have come out on the balcony and are jeering at the cops .
In a few minutes they have taken the friend taking photos across the road too , ‘ for a chat ’ .
I feel gutted .
I know the pictures he took will probably not leave again .
I ’m left there alone , a few police sniffing around like stray dogs looking for something piss on .
NWA ’s verdict on police all those years ago , unfortunately , still holds —
The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck , whitebread , chickenshit motherfucker .
Is business war ?
It is in the world of post - industrial , post - state conflict .
Battles between the corporate allies of nation - states and the transnational tribes and the gangs of black globalization are at the core of this century 's epochal war .
" Piercing the Corporate Veil "
NOTE : Here 's some more thinking on the future of warfare .
I 'm taking a bit of a risk with this since I am posting it without data to support a strong domestic trend line .
However , I thought it was important to put it out there early since if / when the violence starts it will be both sudden and very difficult to stop .
Targeting Banks ?
So far , the level of violence directed against the corporations and employees of the global financial system has been relatively muted ( the occasional riot , as in the breaking of branch windows as we saw in Iceland and a spike in bank robberies in the US ) .
However , given our experience with the recent punctuated evolution of warfare , that is n't likely to last given the depth / scale of the current crisis .
As we have seen in recently ( from Iraq to Nigeria to Mexico ) , the targeting of corporations is now a fixture of modern conflict ( please read ) .
The targeting of banks would be a natural extension of this trend line given the following :
The central role they have recently demonstrated in the global economic system ( systemic importance to the status quo ) .
Their role in bringing the crisis to individuals ( revenge , hatred , etc. ) -- this could serve as a common point of agreement for group formation .
The symbiotic relationship between banks and the government .
How Banks Will Be Targeted
Warfare directed against corporate targets is n't total war nor is it simply theft .
It is best seen as a limited war with limited objectives ( as in : " warfare is economics by other means " ) .
For example : a withdrawal from an area of operation , a change in policy , or repudiation of activities .
Recent examples ( this blog has quite a few documented ) show that attacks on corporations typically have the following characteristics :
The targets tend to become specific .
Specific companies , called out by name , rather than diffuse attacks on industries .
In other cases , attacks on firms associated with specific countries has been effective .
Attacks on personnel have proven to be common .
These attacks work since it makes it difficult to retain or attract employees .
It also radically reduces productivity and drives up costs .
Attacks on senior management and the board of directors can produce dramatic results .
The effect pierces the corporate veil and makes corporate decision making a matter of personal security .
Attacks on assets , logistical networks , and facilities .
Disruption of supply chains , particularly if they are just - in - time , and facilities drives up costs and hurts customer relationships .
It also forces an ' armoring ' of the entire system .
All of these methods of attack work by generating fear , uncertainty and doubt ( FUD ) within the target and the members of its economic network .
Unlike governments , corporations do n't have the luxury of weathering assaults indefinitely .
They typically fold under the pressure direct assaults , against which they have few natural defenses .
The indirect factors that will eventually force acceptance ( as in Adam Smith 's invisible hand makes the process of coercion easier ) :
Downward pressure on the stock price .
A loss of customer confidence .
Lost sales / lower revenue .
Lost sales / lower revenue .
A radical loss in efficiency / productivity due to security costs .
NOTE : I 'll stop at this point .
Will pick it up again with more specificity of analysis if / when attacks begin .
The 8th Annual Year in Ideas
Welcome back to the Year in Ideas issue .
For the eighth year in a row , we have compiled an alphabetical digest of ideas , from A to Z ( almost ) , that helped make the previous 12 months , for better or worse , what they were .
news Our Cat May Have Knocked Up Your Cat
Photo by Stephen Michalowicz / Torontoist .
For the last two weeks , the area around Keele Street and Bloor Street West has been plastered with a bizarre leaflet about the life and legacy of the cat Feliche Paradisis - Zoetmulder .
It seems that Feliche was a special cat .
In July 2008 , he was found starving near a cottage in Wasaga Beach by two roommates , Vicky Paradisis and Charissa Zoetmulder .
He was then brought back to Toronto , where he lived for four months until he was tragically hit by a car in mid-November .
Feliche was n’t just a great cat , he was also an unneutered stud who in his short time in the neighbourhood might have done the wild thing with your cat .
Yes , Vicky and Charissa are on a hunt for Feliche ’s “ legacy , ” and they ’re willing to adopt all of his kittens , if they exist .
“ We ’re just praying it was genetic , ” explained Vicky when we asked her about the poster .
“ Maybe if we had his offspring they would be just as awesome . ”
Unfortunately , Vicky and Charissa have been unsuccessful so far , but they ’re still hoping that Feliche ’s kittens are out there .
As leaflets go , this one is pretty weird , but we have to admire Vicky and Charissa ’s tenacity .
Gene therapy that could immunize people against the most common type of HIV is ready to be tested on humans .
Recruiting for the trial began Tuesday , and the first people to receive the experimental treatment will be HIV patients with drug- resistance problems .
" We do have good treatments for HIV .
That has been one of the most successful stories of the last 20 years in medicine , " said Pablo Tebas , an infectious disease expert at the University of Pennsylvania .
" However , over time , if the medications are not taken properly , individuals develop resistance to the HIV treatments , so they tend to have more limited therapeutic options . "
Since the discovery that a small portion of people who are exposed to HIV do not get infected , scientists have been working to discover the secret to those people 's resistance and how to make others resistant as well .
It turns out that most people have a gene called CCR5 , which makes them vulnerable to HIV infections .
The naturally resistant people have mutant CCR5 genes that inhibit HIV .
Previously , scientists found that by cutting the CCR5 gene out of white blood cells involved in the immune response known as T - cells , they could protect a tube full of human cells from the virus .
The gene editing technique relies on proteins called zinc finger nucleases that can delete any gene from a living cell .
In theory , zinc finger nucleases could give that immunity to anyone .
The procedure is simple :
Take some healthy T - cells out of an HIV patient , clip out their CCR5 genes , grow more of these clipped T - cells in a dish , and then put them back in the patient .
" In this first study we will re-infuse approximately 10 billion of these cells back into the participants , and we will see if it is safe and if those cells inhibit HIV replication in vivo , " said Tebas .
" We know they do in the test tube . "
Photo : adamjtaylor / Flickr
See Also :
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
The LHC has been in construction for some 13 years Scientists have hailed a successful switch - on for an enormous experiment which will recreate the conditions a few moments after the Big Bang .
They have now fired two beams of particles called protons around the 27 km - long tunnel which houses the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) .
The £ 5 bn machine on the Swiss - French border is designed to smash protons together with cataclysmic force .
Scientists hope it will shed light on fundamental questions in physics .
The first - clockwise - beam completed its first circuit of the underground tunnel at just before 0930 BST .
The second - anti-clockwise - beam successfully circled the ring after 1400 BST .
We will be looking at what the Universe was made of billionths of a second after the Big Bang
Dr Tara Shears , University of Liverpool
What is the Large Hadron Collider ?
So far , all the beams have been stopped , or " dumped " , after just a few circuits .
On Thursday , engineers hoped to inject clockwise and anti-clockwise protons again , but this time they plan to " close the orbit " , letting the beams run continuously for a few seconds each .
The BBC understands that low - energy collisions could happen in the next few days .
This will allow engineers to calibrate instruments , but will not produce data of scientific interest .
" There it is , " project leader Lyn Evans said when the beam completed its lap .
There were cheers in the control room when engineers heard of the successful test .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
He added later : " We had a very smooth start - up . "
The LHC is arguably the most complicated and ambitious experiment ever built ; the project has been hit by cost overruns , equipment trouble and construction problems .
The switch - on itself is two years late .
The collider is operated by the European Organization for Nuclear Research - better known by its French acronym Cern .
The vast circular tunnel - or " ring " - which runs under the French - Swiss border contains more than 1,000 cylindrical magnets arranged end - to - end .
The magnets are there to steer the beam around this vast circuit .
Big Bang Day Eventually , two proton beams will be steered in opposite directions around the LHC at close to the speed of light , completing about 11,000 laps each second .
At allotted points around the tunnel , the beams will cross paths , smashing together near four massive " detectors " that monitor the collisions for interesting events .
Scientists are hoping that new sub-atomic particles will emerge , revealing fundamental insights into the nature of the cosmos .
Major effort " We will be able to see deeper into matter than ever before , " said Dr Tara Shears , a particle physicist at the University of Liverpool .
" We will be looking at what the Universe was made of billionths of a second after the Big Bang .
That is amazing , that really is fantastic . "
The LHC should answer one very simple question :
What is mass ?
LHC DETECTORS
ATLAS - one of two so - called general purpose detectors .
Atlas will be used to look for signs of new physics , including the origins of mass and extra dimensions
CMS - the second general purpose detector will , like ATLAS , hunt for the Higgs boson and look for clues to the nature of dark matter
ALICE - will study a " liquid " form of matter called quark - gluon plasma that existed shortly after the Big Bang
LHCb - Equal amounts of matter and anti-matter were created in the Big Bang .
LHCb will try to investigate what happened to the " missing " anti-matter " We know the answer will be found at the LHC , " said Jim Virdee , a particle physicist at Imperial College London .
The favoured model involves a particle called the Higgs boson - dubbed the " God Particle " .
According to the theory , particles acquire their mass through interactions with an all - pervading field carried by the Higgs .
The latest astronomical observations suggest ordinary matter - such as the galaxies , gas , stars and planets - makes up just 4 % of the Universe .
The rest is dark matter ( 23 % ) and dark energy ( 73 % ) .
Physicists think the LHC could provide clues about the nature of this mysterious " stuff " .
But Professor Virdee told BBC
News : " Nature can surprise us ... we have to be ready to detect anything it throws at us . "
Full beam ahead Engineers injected the first low - intensity proton beams into the LHC in August .
But they did not go all the way around the ring .
Technicians had to be on the lookout for potential problems .
Steve Myers , head of the accelerator and beam department , said : " There are on the order of 2,000 magnetic circuits in the machine .
This means there are 2,000 power supplies which generate the current which flows in the coils of the magnets . "
If there was a fault with any of these , he said , it would have stopped the beams .
They were also wary of obstacles in the beam pipe which could prevent the protons from completing their first circuit .
Superconducting magnets are cooled down using liquid helium
Mr Myers has experience of the latter problem .
While working on the LHC 's predecessor , a machine called the Large - Electron Positron Collider , engineers found two beer bottles wedged into the beam pipe - a deliberate , one - off act of sabotage .
The culprits - who were drinking a particular brand that advertising once claimed would " refresh the parts other beers cannot reach " - were never found .
In order to get both beams to circulate continuously , engineers will " close the orbit " .
The beams themselves are made up of several " packets " - each about a metre long - containing billions of protons .
The protons would disperse if left to their own devices , so engineers use electrical forces to " grab " them , keeping the particles tightly huddled in packets .
Once the beams are captured , the same system of electrical forces is used to give the particles an energetic kick , accelerating them to greater and greater speeds .
Long haul
The idea of the Large Hadron Collider emerged in the early 1980s .
The project was eventually approved in 1996 at a cost of 2.6bn Swiss Francs , which amounts to about £ 1.3 bn at present exchange rates .
However , Cern underestimated equipment and engineering costs when it set out its original budget , plunging the lab into a cash crisis .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Cern had to borrow hundreds of millions of euros in bank loans to get the LHC completed .
Expenditure on the machine and experimental areas has risen by more than half since 1996 .
During winter , the LHC will be shut down , allowing equipment to be fine - tuned for collisions at full energy .
" What 's so exciting is that we have n't had a large new facility starting up for years , " explained Dr Shears .
" Our experiments are so huge , so complex and so expensive that they do n't come along very often .
When they do , we get all the physics out of them that we can . "
Engineers celebrated the success with champagne , but a certain brand of beer was not on the menu .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Save the Words is a website dedicated to keeping underused English language words in the dictionary .
Pick an underused word and pledge to save it from extinction .
Advertisement
Lexicographers analyze the frequency of word usage in popular culture and media to decide which new words will go into the dictionary , but they also track the falling popularity of words and opt to remove them .
At Save the Words , an initiative of the Oxford English Dictionary , you can browse a wall of rare words , be given a random word , or search for a word to see if it 's in danger of extinction .
Once you find a word to your liking , you can pledge to use that word in common usage as often as you can :
" I hereby promise to use this word , in conversation and correspondence , as frequently as possible to the best of my ability . "
Advertisement
Thanks to Save the Words I finally have a proper adjective for a co-worker I had named Shrub Head : frutescent .
Need to find companion words for your new vocabulary buddy ?
Check out our compendium of the best online language tools for word nerds .
Save the Words [ via Digital Inspiration ]
Just a mere $ 18.4 billion in Wall Street bonuses , and suddenly the entire country is like Kansas in the 1890s , raising hell instead of corn , screaming for revenge on money power that has done us so wrong while rewarding itself so generously .
The outburst of populist rage is particularly alarming when we consider how easily such sentiments were managed just a short while ago .
Americans have known about mounting inequality and king - sized Wall Street bonuses for years .
But we also had an entire genre of journalism dedicated to brushing the problem off .
Recall , for example , the famous essay by David Brooks published in The Atlantic in 2001 , in which he declared that , in one representative salt - of - the - earth Republican region , people had " no class resentment or class consciousness " ; that complaints about the lopsided distribution of the economy 's rewards were something one heard only from people in the wealthy and tasteful reaches of blue America .
Mr. Brooks 's argument was powerful not so much because it captured reality , but because , by suggesting that to care about economic inequality was itself an act of snobbery , it ingeniously short - circuited the entire debate .
Egalitarianism begins at home , liberal !
Others simply insisted that markets were themselves democracies , that the deeds of business were an expression of the popular will , and that entrepreneurs were leading the only kind of popular uprising that mattered .
The rightful home of that uprising was , of course , Wall Street , where rebel bankers were always supposed to be fighting stodgy aristocrat bankers on behalf of the common people .
By Stephen Leahy
“ We ’re going to see huge changes in the Arctic ecosystem “
QUEBEC CITY , Canada , Dec 13 2008 ( IPS )
In just a few summers from now , the Arctic Ocean will lose its protective cover of ice for the first time in a million years , according to some experts attending the International Arctic Change conference here .
A summer ice - free Arctic was n’t due for another 50 to 70 years under the worst - case climate change scenarios examined by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
“ Things are happening much faster in the Arctic .
I think it will be summer ice - free by 2015 , ” said David Barber , an Arctic climatologist at the University of Manitoba .
Such a “ dramatic and serious loss of sea ice will affect everyone on the planet , ” Barber told IPS .
Barber spent much of last winter on a Canadian research icebreaker , the Amundsen , in the Arctic Ocean as leader of a 40 - million - dollar ice research project .
Scientists expected the Amundsen to be frozen in place for many months during the harsh Arctic winter , when there is no sunlight and temperatures plunge to - 50 degrees C. Instead the ship stayed mobile as the normally impenetrable ice was thin and weak .
“ The ocean held a lot heat from the summer of 2007 when ice reached its record - breaking minimum , ” Barber said .
That additional heat delayed the formation of winter ice by two months in some places .
It also resulted in more storms , windier conditions and much more snow , he said .
These are entirely new conditions for the region , noting that the additional snow acts as an insulator , keeping the sea ice warmer which prevents it from becoming thicker .
And if the winter ice cover is thin , then it will melt faster and over a larger area in summer , opening up more water to the heat of the sun in what is called a positive feedback loop .
By May of this year there was open water many weeks ahead of normal , exposing the cold water to heat of the sun earlier than ever , Barber said .
During summer 2007 , the polar ice cap lost 30 percent to 40 percent of its ice , a record 2.6 million square kilometres less ice than the summer average minimum .
The 2008 summer ice loss did not challenge 2007 for the record but was still much less than the average .
Scientists believe the remaining ice was thinner than normal , setting the stage for another major melt in 2009 .
Ice ruled the Arctic for a long time , but that is changing with the opening up of areas of the ocean that have never been exposed to sunlight , said Kevin Arrigo , a marine biologist at Stanford University .
Sunlight means life and Arrigo and colleagues have measured an astonishing 300 percent increase in growth of phytoplankton in parts of the Arctic Ocean .
“ There has been a big change in the carbon cycle even though most thought the Arctic system was too nutrient limited , ” Arrigo told conference attendees .
Phytoplankton are microscopic green plants which operate in the top 100 to 200 metres of the ocean and they need nutrients such as phosphorus , nitrogen , iron and silicon at the surface .
It turns out that all the Arctic needed is more sunlight to switch to a more productive ocean .
Phytoplankton also remove large amounts of carbon from the upper ocean .
Arrigo estimates that the increased amounts of phytoplankton may take 14 gigatonnes of additional carbon out of the Arctic system every year .
“ If this continues we ’re going to see huge changes in the Arctic ecosystem , ” he said .
It will be of little benefit in reducing atmospheric carbon levels since that is less than 1 percent of the annual emissions from burning fossil fuels .
The effects of the summer warming large parts of the once - permanent frozen Arctic ocean ice is felt as far as 1,500 km inland , according to a study led by David Lawrence at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
Using computer models , they found that the rapid ice loss in summer showed a 3.5 - fold acceleration in land surface temperatures in the Western Arctic likely triggering a rapid degradation in permafrost .
And that the warming extends up to 1,500 km inland from the ocean itself .
Permafrost is largely permanently frozen peatlands that cover much of the northern areas of Canada , Alaska and Russia .
They contain more than twice the amount of carbon currently in the atmosphere , based on a new study published in September by Ted Schuur , an ecologist at the University of Florida .
Burning of fossil fuels contributes about 8.5 billion tonnes of carbon ( not CO2 as previously stated ) each year , but the permafrost holds more than 1,670 billion tonnes .
“ It ’s bigger than we thought , ” Schuur said in a release .
He estimates that thawing permafrost could add 0.8 to 1.1 billion tonnes per year in the future – almost as much as deforestation currently adds .
Ominously , carbon from melting permafrost is not included in climate models .
There is now an Arctic network of specialists who are carefully monitoring permafrost temperatures thanks to funding from the International Polar Year global research effort , Nikolay Shiklomanov , a permafrost researcher at the University of Delaware , told participants .
Hundreds of holes are being drilled in the permafrost regions and new low - cost temperature measuring equipment will be in place in some , providing an avalanche of data .
Unfortunately , in countries such as Canada , there is little historical data nor were there many measurement stations .
Data from Alaska and Siberia goes back more than 20 years , and both have found large temperature increases at the southern parts of their respective permafrost regions .
And the warming has been measured 30 or 40 meters deep , said Shiklomanov .
The Arctic ecosystem is likely shifting into a new regime , said Paul Wassmann , an oceanographer at University of Tromso , Norway
“ Data and information from the past are unreliable indicators for what will happen in the future , ” Wassmann said .
The Arctic ecosystem will never return to what it once was .
And is true for all of the Earth ’s ecosystems , he said .
“ The human thumb is pressing the globe , and pressing hardest on the North , ” Wassmann said .
First published as “ Things Happen Much Faster in the Arctic ” .
Other recent stories on the Arctic :
Arctic
Is the Canary in the Coalmine
Arctic Meltdown Signals Long - Term Trend
Arctic Oil and Gas Rush Alarms Scientists
44.109380 -79.120461
“ We are where gays were at the time of Stonewall , ” said Lori Lipman Brown , the director of the Secular Coalition , referring to the 1969 riot in Greenwich Village that was the birth of the gay rights movement .
“ And the thing we have in common with gays back then is that day to day you ’re hidden .
If you make the decision to come out , you ’re treated very badly . ”
“ We should have a base of at least 30 million Americans to work with , ” Ms. Brown continued .
“ And yet those who are active are a much smaller percentage .
We ’re probably looking at just a few hundred thousand active participants .
It ’s hard to even quantify . ”
The situation in Colorado offers a case history of some particular obstacles to organizing the secular constituency .
Amendment 48 is exactly the kind of starkly drawn measure that political consultants refer to as an “ emotional trigger ” for prospective voters .
Yet such a ballot item also demands the tactile , personal campaigning known in the trade as “ retail politics . ”
A voter in Colorado this year faces 14 ballot initiatives as well as choices for president , senator and representative , and it will take no small amount of motivation and training to find , much less vote on , Amendment 48 .
Polls since the summer have shown the amendment trailing , with about 40 percent of likely voters in favor , about 50 percent opposed and about 10 percent undecided .
While the umbrella group for the amendment ’s foes , the No On 48 coalition , includes some secular organizations , many of its most active volunteers come from issue - based organizations like Planned Parenthood or liberal religious denominations like mainline Protestants and Reform Jews .
One problem with turning out the atheist vote is finding it .
Atheists do not reside visibly in certain neighborhoods like blacks or Hispanics or gay men and lesbians .
They do not turn up on the databases of professional associations like doctors or lawyers .
And as nonbelievers , they axiomatically do not come together for worship .
“ It ’s harder for them to organize , ” said Brian Graves , 27 , an organizer for No On 48 , “ because they do n’t have something to congregate around . ”
I 've been following the Christian - Bale - angry - rant meme very closely since the first time I heard of it , and something does n't feel right .
It started with the video ( well , audio , conveniently video - dubbed and posted on YouTube for maximum exposure ) of the actual rant .
Then , all possible angles of the event were explored by the thousands of tireless minds over at Digg , Reddit , and other social media sites .
We learned about an " objective " view of the incident , we were introduced to the other party involved , director of photography Shane Hurlbut , and so on .
Wanna bet what we 'll start to see next on social media sites , at an increased pace ?
Terminator 4 hype , and lots of it .
Consider this .
Christian Bale is a cool guy .
That rant sounds a bit too embarrassing .
Is it impossible that Christian Bale was hired , by spin doctors , to act out the rant ?
We know he can act , and once he dismisses the stunt as fake , he 'll get his coolness back instantly ( and perhaps even earn some more . )
Is it impossible that the entire thing was staged to create a huge amount of hype for the upcoming movie ?
We 've seen attempts at corporate viral marketing before , but they were relatively easy to spot .
However , perhaps Hollywood has gotten smarter .
Perhaps they have a social media spin doctor division now .
Perhaps these spin doctors are really good .
I 'm not claiming that this is what actually happened on this occasion ; but I am claiming that in the future , the line between truth and fiction ( with the help of social media ) might become so blurred that no one will be able to tell the difference .
Do you think it 's possible ?
Please speak your mind in the comments .
Innovative ‘ Solar Film ’ Could Lead to Solar Fabrics and Skyscrapers
January 29th , 2009 by Michael Ratliff
Massachusetts based solar upstart Konarka has developed a low cost thin - film solar material that may one day revolutionize solar power .
We all know that traditional photovoltaic panels are a great way to harness the sun ’s energy and provide power to the grid .
Such panels , however , are limited in application due to their high production cost , fragile nature and sheer size .
Could you ever imagine wearing a solar panel in order to charge your cell phone or iPod ?
Probably not .
This may soon change due to an innovative new solar film developed by solar upstart Konarka .
The material , called Power Plastic® , is a lightweight , flexible and inexpensive source of power for portable devices and structures .
While Power Plastic® is currently being used in handbags and patio umbrellas to charge portable devices , Konarka hopes to perfect a translucent version of the product within the new few years .
The solar film is made by printing a secret polymer ink onto thin filmstrips using a converted Polaroid press .
When light contacts the film , the ink emits electrons and generates an electric current .
Power Plastic® has several advantages over traditional photovoltaic technology including a higher efficiency at low light levels , the ability to flex to a 2 - inch diameter and an extremely low production cost .
The flexibility factor means that the solar film can be integrated into new materials such as fabrics .
Maybe one day we will be able to charge our portable devices simply by slipping them into the pocket of our solar powered outerwear .
Once a translucent version of the material is finalized , perhaps skyscrapers will be made with Power Plastic® windows capable of powering the entire building .
The only drawback that I can see in such a material is that its current shelf life is only about 5 years .
This may not be much of an issue since the material is inexpensive and can be easily replaced .
Source : Konarka.com | cnn.com
Photo : Konarka.com
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
If an excess of debt built with cheap money was the cause of the crisis – and it was – then more debt is not the answer .
Aligning their party with this most basic but vital of insights was , as the essential Tory website Conservative Home put it , " Cameron and Osborne 's bravest and loneliest decision " .
When the Tory leadership decided to oppose Gordon Brown 's plans to borrow and spend his way out of the " Depression " , as the Prime Minister called it yesterday in a revealing slip of the tongue , they were virtually alone in the western world .
The Pentagon has decided that it will not award the Purple Heart , the hallowed medal given to those wounded or killed by enemy action , to war veterans who suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder because it is not a physical wound .
The decision , made public on Tuesday , for now ends the hope of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans who have the condition and believed that the Purple Hearts could honor their sacrifice and help remove some of the stigma associated with the condition .
The disorder , which may go unrecognized for months or years , can include recurring nightmares , uncontrolled rage and , sometimes , severe depression and suicide .
Soldiers grappling with PTSD are often unable to hold down jobs .
In May , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates said awarding Purple Hearts to such service members was “ clearly something that needs to be looked at , ” after he toured a mental health center at Fort Bliss , Tex .
Linux 101 Hacks – Download Free eBook
I ’m happy to announce the release of my first Free eBook — Linux 101 Hacks .
There are total of 101 hacks in this book that will help you build a strong foundation in Linux .
All the hacks in this book are explained with appropriate Linux command examples that are easy to follow .
This free eBook contains 12 chapters with total of 140 pages .
Hacks mentioned in 6 chapters are based on the articles that I ’ve already posted on my blog .
Hacks mentioned in rest of the 6 chapters are brand new .
If you like this eBook , please submit this post to your favorite social - media sites and spread the news .
“ Another collection of hacks ?
Yes !
If you have just completed your first admin course or looking for better ways to get the job done the “ Linux 101 Hacks ” eBook is a good point to start .
These useful tips are concise , well written and easy to read .
Well done – I will recommend this eBook to my students . ” — Prof. Dr. Fritz Mehner , FH Südwestfalen , Germany ( Author of several awesome Vim plugins , including bash - support Vim plugin )
Download Free eBook
Download Free eBook : Linux 101 Hacks
Password :
To get the password , follow these 3 easy steps .
Linux 101 Hacks – Table of Contents
Chapter 1 : Powerful CD Command Hacks
Hack 1 .
Use CDPATH to define the base directory for cd command
Hack 2 .
Use cd alias to navigate up the directory effectively
Hack 3 . Perform mkdir and cd using a single command
Hack 4 . Use “ cd - ” to toggle between the last two directories
Hack 5 .
Use dirs , pushd and popd to manipulate directory stack
Hack 6 . Use “ shopt -s cdspell ” to automatically correct mistyped directory names on cd
Chapter 2 : Date Manipulation
Hack 7 . Set System Date and Time
Hack 8 . Set Hardware Date and Time
Hack 9 . Display Current Date and Time in a Specific Format
Hack 10 .
Display Past Date and Time
Hack 11 . Display Future Date and Time
Chapter 3 : SSH Client Commands
Hack 12 .
Identify SSH Client Version
Hack 13 .
Login to Remote Host using SSH
Hack 14 .
Debug SSH Client Session
Hack 15 .
Toggle SSH Session using SSH Escape Character
Hack 16 .
SSH Session Statistics using SSH Escape Character
Chapter 4 : Essential Linux Commands
Hack 17 .
Grep Command
Hack 18 .
Find Command
Hack 19 .
Suppress Standard Output and Error Message
Hack 20 .
Join Command
Hack 21 .
Change the Case
Hack 22 .
Xargs Command
Hack 23 .
Sort Command
Hack 24 .
Uniq Command
Hack 25 .
Cut Command
Hack 26 .
Stat Command
Hack 27 .
Diff Command
Hack 28 .
Display total connect time of users
Chapter 5 : PS1 , PS2 , PS3 , PS4 and PROMPT_COMMAND
Hack 29 .
PS1 – Default Interaction Prompt
Hack 30 .
PS2 – Continuation Interactive Prompt
Hack 31 .
PS3 – Prompt used by “ select ” inside shell script
Hack 32 .
PS4 – Used by “ set - x ” to prefix tracing output
Hack 33 .
PROMPT_COMMAND
Chapter 6 : Colorful and Functional Shell Prompt Using PS1
Hack 34 .
Display username , hostname and current working directory in the prompt
Hack 35 .
Display current time in the prompt
Hack 36 .
Display output of any command in the prompt
Hack 37 .
Change foreground color of the prompt
Hack 38 .
Change background color of the prompt
Hack 39 .
Display multiple colors in the prompt
Hack 40 .
Change the prompt color using tput
Hack 41 .
Create your own prompt using the available codes for PS1 variable
Hack 42 .
Use bash shell function inside PS1 variable
Hack 43 .
Use shell script inside PS1 variable
Chapter 7 : Archive and Compression
Hack 44 .
Zip command basics
Hack 45 .
Advanced compression using zip command
Hack 46 .
Password Protection of Zip files
Hack 47 .
Validate a zip archive
Hack 48 .
Tar Command Basics
Hack 49 .
Combine gzip , bzip2 with tar
Chapter 8 : Command Line History
Hack 50 .
Display TIMESTAMP in history using HISTTIMEFORMAT
Hack 51 .
Search the history using Control +
R
Hack 52 .
Repeat previous command quickly using 4 different methods
Hack 53 .
Execute a specific command from history
Hack 54 .
Execute previous command that starts with a specific word
Hack 55 .
Control the total number of lines in the history using HISTSIZE
Hack 56 .
Change the history file name using HISTFILE
Hack 57 .
Eliminate the continuous repeated entry from history using HISTCONTROL
Hack 58 .
Erase duplicates across the whole history using HISTCONTROL
Hack 59 .
Force history not to remember a particular command using HISTCONTROL
Hack 60 .
Clear all the previous history using option -c
Hack 61 .
Substitute words from history commands
Hack 62 .
Substitute a specific argument for a specific command
Hack 63 .
Disable the usage of history using HISTSIZE
Hack 64 .
Ignore specific commands from the history using HISTIGNORE
Chapter 9 : System Administration Tasks
Hack 65 .
Partition using fdisk
Hack 66 .
Format a partition using mke2fsk
Hack 67 .
Mount the partition
Hack 68 .
Fine tune the partition using tune2fs
Hack 69 .
Create a swap file system .
Hack 70 .
Create a new user
Hack 71 .
Create a new group and assign to an user
Hack 72 .
Setup SSH passwordless login in OpenSSH
Hack 73 .
Use ssh - copy - id along with ssh- agent
Hack 74 .
Crontab
Hack 75 .
Safe Reboot Of Linux Using Magic SysRq Key
Chapter 10 : Apachectl and Httpd Examples
Hack 76 .
Pass different httpd.conf filename to apachectl
Hack 77 .
Use a temporary DocumentRoot without modifying httpd.conf
Hack 78 .
Increase the Log Level temporarily
Hack 79 .
Display the modules inside Apache
Hack 80 .
Show all accepted directives inside httpd.conf
Hack 81 .
Validate the httpd.conf after making changes
Hack 82 .
Display the httpd build parameters
Hack 83 .
Load a specific module only on demand
Chapter 11 : Bash Scripting
Hack 84 .
Execution Sequence of . bash_* files
Hack 85 .
How to generate random number in bash shell
Hack 86 .
Debug a shell script
Hack 87 .
Quoting
Hack 88 .
Read data file fields inside a shell script
Chapter 12 : System Monitoring and Performance
Hack 89 .
Free command
Hack 90 .
Top Command
Hack 91 .
Ps Command
Hack 92 .
Df Command
Hack 93 .
Kill Command
Hack 94 .
Du Command
Hack 95 . lsof commands .
Hack 96 .
Sar Command
Hack 97 . vmstat Command
Hack 98 .
Netstat Command
Hack 99 .
Sysctl Command
Hack 100 .
Nice Command
Hack 101 . Renice Command
If you enjoyed this article , you might also like ..
New to our forums ?
Take a minute to introduce yourself , include some pics and info on your new truck , and get to know some of our members here !
Been a member for a while but just bought a new truck ?
This is the place to post pictures and information on your new truck .
Please Read The Sticky ATTN NEW MEMBERS :
Please fill out your signature and include your location information in your profile !
61.4 K 5.8M 13 h ago
Money and the Federal Reserve System :
Myth and Reality
G. Thomas Woodward
Specialist in Macroeconomics
Economics Division
July 31 , 1996 Congressional Research Service Library of Congress
CRS Report for Congress , No. 96-672 E
SUMMARY
The United States , like virtually all advanced nations , has a banking system in which the use of fractional reserves means that most money is generated by banks and not the government .
Presiding over this system is a central bank .
The central bank for the United States , the Federal Reserve , has considerable independence in its operations , which include monetary policy .
This independence -- and the enormous influence that the Federal Reserve has over economic conditions -- have given rise to a great deal of conjecture concerning its nature and operations .
The theories and suspicions about the system underlie monetary reform proposals frequently advanced by citizens , as well as various complaints and petitions sent to the Members of Congress because of congressional responsibility for the country 's money .
The Federal Reserve is not a private corporation .
It is part private and part public , with the Board of Governors an agency of the United States government .
The regional Federal Reserve Banks are private corporations acting as agents of the government , owned by their member banks .
No individuals hold stock in the Fed .
Corporate control of the regional Federal Reserve Banks is limited and based on one vote per stock - holding bank ( so that big banks cannot control the system ) .
The Fed buys and owns some of the government 's debt .
But it does not determine how much debt is issued ( that is determined by the government 's budget ) .
The Fed owns less than 10 % of the government 's total debt .
The interest earned on the debt created by the Fed is turned over to the Treasury ( except for an amount to cover the Fed 's operating costs ) , so that the revenue consequences of having the Fed issue Federal Reserve notes is essentially the same as having its own currency directly .
Having a banking system that allows transactions to occur by check reduces the seigniorage revenue to the government , which could otherwise issue at a profit money needed for transactions .
But bank depositors are the principal beneficiaries of the system , because they are able to earn interest on their accounts and minimize the amount of non-interest bearing cash they must hold for transaction purposes .
The existence of the Federal Reserve is separate from the choice of monetary standard .
It is not an alternative to a gold standard .
Similarly , the existence of the Federal Reserve and the choice of a monetary standard is unrelated to the existence of fractional reserve banking , or to who regulates the operations of banks .
The primary issue about the Federal Reserve is about who controls monetary policy .
MONEY AND THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM : MYTH AND REALITY
For a long time , few people were aware of the Federal Reserve ( Fed ) .
This is no longer true .
Over the last two decades , awareness of the institution has increased considerably .
Most people know that it has something to do with interest rates .
A fair number can identify it with monetary policy .
But a great deal of mystery still surrounds the organization .
In part , this is due to its unique structure .
The blending of private and public institutional arrangements , and the independence it has in making policy , make it an anomalous structure in government .
The mystery is compounded by secrecy .
The deliberations of the organization 's policy - making body are revealed only after a time lag .
And independent audits of the organization are somewhat circumscribed .
These characteristics -- and the enormous influence that the Fed has over economic conditions -- have given rise to a great deal of conjecture concerning its nature and operations .
The theories and suspicions about the system underlie monetary reform proposals frequently advanced by citizens , as well as various complaints and petitions sent to the Members of Congress .
Many of these claims asserted about the Fed are untrue .
Others are only partially true .
This report addresses various claims about the Federal Reserve System -- specifically those that are a matter of fact and can be either verified or refuted .
STRUCTURE , AUTHORITY , AND POWERS -- CREATION OF THE FED -- The Federal Reserve System was created by the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 .
Some literature on the Fed implies that the Act was passed surreptitiously , hastily , or even illegally .
Although the Act was passed in the final days of the legislative session , it had been debated for some time in earlier versions .
A bill to create the Federal Reserve System was introduced in the House of Representatives in late summer , 1913 .
The House passed , 299 to 68 , its version in September 1913 .
The Senate passed , 54 to 34 , a somewhat different version in December 1913 .
The compromise version was hammered out in a House - Senate conference and reported out on December 22 , 1913 .
It was voted on in short order .
The Act was passed by the House of Representatives by a vote of 298 to 60 , and by the Senate in a vote of 43 to 25 .
It was signed into law by President Woodrow Wilson on December 23 , 1913 .
It is often claimed that the Federal Reserve Act originated in a secret meeting of bankers on Jekyl Island , Georgia in 1910 , who then managed a conspiracy to guide their plan to enactment .
Reliable evidence exists that such a secret conference took place .
The conference appears to have played an important part in shaping what became known as the " Aldrich Plan . "
The secrecy was most likely an effort to publicly distance the plan from the " Wall Street bankers " that had a role in developing it .
The Aldrich plan , however , did not become law .
By the time Republican legislators introduced the proposal for a " National Reserve Association " ( NRA ) , the mid-term elections of 1910 changed control of the Congress from the Republicans to the Democrats .
Thus , despite ( or because of ) President Taft 's interest in the legislation , it did not even come before the House for a vote .
By the time the Federal Reserve Act was introduced , Senator Aldrich had left the Senate , and the Democratic party controlled both the Congress and the White House .
The proposal for an NRA was different from the Federal Reserve System in a couple of important ways .
First , it was like a central bank in that it was private .
Although its 46 directors included the Secretaries of Agriculture , Commerce , Labor , and the Treasury , Comptroller of the Currency , and a Governor appointed by the President , the Association would have clearly been in control of people elected by the banks .
Second , even though it had 15 administrative districts , the NRA was centralized into a single entity .
In contrast , the Federal Reserve System was created as a hybrid private - public operation in which the Federal Reserve Board was a federal agency appointed by the President .
Moreover , in the system as it was created in 1913 , the 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks were regarded as relatively autonomous , such that total monopolization of reserves was believed to be avoided .
The proposed NRA and the Federal Reserve were both viewed as systems for stabilizing credit flows and servicing the payments system , and not as agencies for making explicit monetary policy .
PUBLIC OR PRIVATE ?
The public / private nature of the institution has given rise to the claim that the Fed is a " private corporation . "
This claim is not correct .
Part of the system consists of private corporations .
Part is a federal agency .
The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is a government agency .
Its employees are employees of the federal government , paid in accordance with federal government pay scales , and part of the federal employee retirement system .
The premises are federal government property .
The seven Board members are appointed by the President with advice and consent of the Senate in the same fashion as other government appointees .
Under the supervision of the Board of Governors are 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks .
These are private institutions with certain privileges granted to them , restricted to conducting business specified by the Federal Reserve Act .
As private institutions , they are " owned " by their " stockholders , " they make their own pay and hiring policies , and pay local property taxes .
For some purposes , however , they are treated as instrumentalities of the federal government .
They examine , regulate , and supervise some operations of their member banks : a public sector function .
Hence , they are exempt from state and local income taxes .
They are also treated as government agencies with respect to certain statutes .
But for most other purposes , the 12 regional banks are legally regarded as private .
The system as a whole is subject to congressional oversight .
As required by law , twice a year the Chairman of the Board of Governors must consult with the House and Senate Banking Committees concerning the conduct of monetary policy .
Other Federal Reserve actions and policies are also subject to the scrutiny of the Congress .
CONTROL OF THE FED Each regional Federal Reserve Bank has nine directors .
Six of these directors are selected by the member banks that own it ( " class A " and " class B " directors ) .
The other three ( " class C " ) are appointed by the Board of Governors .
The Chairman and Deputy Chairman of each regional Federal Reserve Bank are appointed by the Board of Governors from among the class C directors .
The directors oversee operations of their Bank , select the President and first Vice President of their Bank ( and determine their salaries ) all subject to overall supervision and approval by the Board of Governors .
Because the regional Federal Reserve Banks are privately owned , and most of their directors are chosen by their stockholders , it is common to hear assertions that control of the Fed is in the hands of an elite .
In particular , it has been rumored that control is in the hands of a very few people holding " class A stock " in the Fed .
As explained , there is no stock in the system , only in each regional Bank .
More important , individuals do not own stock in Federal Reserve Banks .
The stock is held only by banks who are members of the system .
Each bank holds stock proportionate to its capital .
Ownership and membership are synonymous .
Moreover , there is no such thing as " class A " stock .
All stock is the same .
This stock , furthermore , does not carry with it the normal rights and privileges of ownership .
Most significantly , member banks , in voting for the directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of which they are a member , do not get voting rights in proportion to the stock they hold .
Instead , each member bank regardless of size gets one vote .
Concentration of ownership of Federal Reserve Bank stock , therefore , is irrelevant to the issue of control of the system .
BANKS AND CONTROL OF MONETARY POLICY
While the Board of Governors exercises overall supervision , and exclusively controls some aspects of the system , such as discount rates and banking regulation , monetary policy is mostly determined by the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) .
This committee consists of the seven members of the Board of Governors , the president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , and four of the remaining 11 regional Federal Reserve Bank presidents ( the latter on a rotating basis ) .
Majority control , thus , still rests with the presidentially appointed Board members .
The presence of the regional Federal Reserve Bank presidents on the Committee causes some concern about the influence of bankers in the making of monetary policy .
They are chosen by directors who are largely chosen by the members banks themselves .
( However , they are chosen only with the approval of the Board of Governors . )
Further concern arises from the " Federal Advisory Council , " dating from the system 's creation , which provides bankers confidential and direct input into the consideration of Federal Reserve policies .
Consequently , monetary policy is partly under the influence of persons not appointed by the President or approved by the Senate .
The arrangement raises the possibility that some conflict of interest exists , since these members of the FOMC might be inclined to pursue monetary policies that increase bank profits instead of promoting the general economic well - being of the country .
HOW THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM WORKS -- CREATING MONEY --
The economy principally employs two methods of engaging in transactions .
One is cash .
The other consists of debiting accounts .
Banks are central to both methods .
In the case of cash , banks stand as a source of cash for customers .
The Federal Reserve , in turn , is the source of cash for banks .
Paper currency is printed in the Treasury Department 's Bureau of Printing and Engraving .
It is then " sold " to the Federal Reserve Banks at the printing cost , roughly 3 to 4 cents per note , regardless of denomination .
Banks keep accounts with the Fed , and when they require cash for their customers , they buy it at face value , having their accounts debited .
In the process .
In the process , the Federal Reserve profits by the difference between the printing cost and the face value ( less the costs of the operation ) .
But most transactions are not conducted with cash .
In most cases , members of the public maintain accounts at depository institutions and pay by authorizing a transfer from their account to the account of whomever they are paying .
Many of these authorizations occur by means of check .
Many others are effected by means of various electronic transfers .
In every case , one account is debited , and another credited , completing the transaction .
Since many institutions are involved , a clearing mechanism must exist to make these transfers across the different banks .
In addition -- because for any bank on any day , debits and credits do not equal each other -- it is necessary to maintain balances to handle the net difference .
The Federal Reserve acts as the clearinghouse of most of these transfers .
It , therefore , is the bankers ' bank , and holds balances of its members .
These clearing balances are supplemented by required balances ( " required reserves ' ) mandated by law .
Banks do not earn interest on the balances at the Fed , so that the Fed makes a profit from them in the same way it makes a profit from issuing currency .
The balances available to serve as reserve money place a limit on the amount of money that can be generated by the banks .
To ensure sufficient reserves on hand for clearing debits and to serve the daily cash needs of their customers , banks must be careful not to lend out all of the funds deposited with them , and always keep some on hand ( see below ) .
More balances can be created by the Fed as it chooses .
It does this by entering the open market and buying securities ( i.e. , interest - earning debt of the government ) .
To purchase securities , essentially writes a check on itself .
The bank that ultimately receives this payment as a deposit gets its accounts with Fed credited by the amount , allowing it to make additional loans .
The Fed can achieve the opposite by selling a security that it bought sometime in the past .
In selling the security , it receives a payment on an account at a bank , which gets its account debited ( and which will find it must cut back on its planned lending activity ) .
As a result , the buying and selling of securities on the open market is the principal means by which the Fed influences the money supply .
Buying securities , it injects money into the system .
Selling them , it removes money from the system .
Between augmenting these accounts ( creating reserves ) and selling currency , the Fed acquires a large portfolio of interest - earning securities which provide it a profit .
One method of creating money does not earn profits for the Fed : coins .
The system of metal coins is somewhat different .
Coins , too , cost only a fraction of their face value to create ( being mostly " clad " coins made of nickel , zinc , and copper ) .
But in the case of coins , the Fed pays face value to the mint , with the profits being placed in a revolving coinage fund .
The effect on the economy is the same , and it has the same implications for real government outlays and income .
Only the accounting differs .
COMMERCIAL BANKS AND FRACTIONAL RESERVES
At the base of the s stem , of course , are banks ( and credit unions and savings and loans ) .
These institutions are intimately involved in the creation process .
This involvement is criticized by some commentators who regard the creation of money as a strictly government privilege which they feel should not be permitted of private firms .
However , bank involvement in money creation is almost impossible to avoid .
Moreover , the benefits of banks ' role in money creation go largely to the public not the banks themselves .
Banks lend out other people 's money .
Bank customers who borrow the money pay interest for the privilege .
The interest pays for the banks ' expenses of carrying on business , interest to those who have placed their funds with the banks , and profits to the owners of the banks .
Hence , the bank intermediates between people who have spare resources and those who want to use those resources .
Banks ( and credit unions and savings and loans ) are " depository " institution .
In contrast to their intermediaries such as brokerage firms ( which invest their customers ' money such that the customer accepts the risk of loss ) , a depository institution accepts funds " on deposit , " i.e. , on the condition that the bank will return the principal to the depositor regardless of how well or badly the institution invests the funds .
Hence , a depository institution absorbs much of the risk of loss in lending out its depositors ' money .
Because banks are intermediaries , only a fraction of the money that people deposit with them is kept on hand .
Most is lent out .
The fact that banks keep on hand only a fraction of the funds deposited with them is no secret , and is apparent to anyone who thinks about it : the lending out of money on deposit is how a bank is able to pay interest to its depositors for their funds .
Otherwise , depositors would have to pay fees to the bank for safekeeping their money .
The practice of keeping only a fraction of deposits on hand has a cumulative effect for the banking system as whole .
Effectively , it permits the banking system to " create " money .
If a given sum of cash is deposited in bank A , and half of it is lent out , whoever borrows it spends it , and the money becomes the deposit in bank B of someone else .
Half of that sum is then lent out , spent , and deposited .
The process continues until the total amount of deposits is a multiple of the initial amount of cash .
In this example , the cumulative total is ultimately twice the initial amount .
In practice , the multiple depends on what fraction is kept in hand as reserves by the bank and what fraction is kept as " pocket cash " outside the banking system .
Thus , " fractional reserve banking " effectively permits the creation of money by the banking system to a multiple of the " base " money ( typically created by the government ) .
But while the system as a whole creates money , individual banks generally do not .
Even though each bank may have in checking accounts a sum that is equal to the money that was deposited with it , as a group , total deposits in all banks are a multiple of the initial amount .
This means , of course , that for a given supply of money in the economy , the existence of money generated by banks through fractional reserve banking reduces the amount of money that the government creates .
When governments create money , they profit by the difference between the cost of printing it and its face value .
Hence fractional reserve banking reduces the potential income to the government from money creation ( called " seignorage ) .
Fractional reserve banking is a natural , common , and indeed unavoidable process .
It is not an artificial construct of law or of central bank - policy .
Whenever and wherever bankers , goldsmiths , and traders have accepted funds deposited with them , fractional reserve banking has emerged .
It quickly becomes obvious to any businessman who accepts deposits that while some customers come to withdraw money , others come to deposit it .
Only a fraction of the total deposits at a bank needs to be kept on hand for normal day - to - day banking .
Even an unexpected shortfall one day at a bank can be remedied by briefly borrowing from another bank .
The consequence is that a portion ( usually the majority ) of a country 's money supply is generated by the banking system .
This process of lending out deposits can come in a number of forms .
Banks years past issued currency ( bank notes ) .
Now they mostly use checking accounts .
Receipts for deposits have served the same role .
Despite any laws that might be enacted to prevent fractional reserve banking , there is a strong incentive for the " banking " system to come up with something of its own that will serve as money because it is in virtually everyone 's interest to do so .
Depositors come out ahead because their deposits earn , rather than cost , money .
Borrowers have access to funds at an interest rate they might not have otherwise obtained .
Bankers make profits .
Society is better able to channel idle resources into economically productive activity .
Fractional reserve banking in some form or other is virtually impossible to prevent .
But this difficulty in preventing the creation of fractional reserves also helps ensure that institutions do not profit excessively from it .
Although , in essence , fractional reserve banking confers money creation powers on the private banking sector , the loss to the government primarily goes to the benefit of the public , not the banks .
The potential profits from money creation through account expansion gives banks an incentive to expand their activities .
This expansion can only come from attracting more deposits .
The primary means of attracting deposits is by offering higher interest rates or more services .
As a consequence , the banks tend to bid away the excess profits , and the benefits go to customers .
Fractional reserve banking is therefore a means of reducing the public 's sacrifice of interest earnings to the government .
The public , not the banking system , is the ultimate beneficiary of fractional reserve banking .
FEDERAL RESERVE FINANCING -- CAPITAL EARNINGS --
As an operating bank , each Federal Reserve bank must have capital ( i.e. , funds " staked " by the owners ) .
The initial capital came from the member banks .
Every member bank subscribes an amount equal to 6 % of the member bank 's capital .
This constitutes the member bank 's stock in the system .
One half of this must be paid in , the other half is on call .
New banks that join are required to pay in on the same terms .
As banks increase their own capitalization , they must increase their holdings of Federal Reserve stock .
As member banks shrink or liquidate , they must surrender their stock in the Reserve Bank .
Because of the requirement to increase or decrease the stock in the system , bank ownership of Federal Reserve Bank stock is always proportional to member bank capital .
Because the member banks have invested funds in the Reserve Banks , and their funds are in turn invested , they are paid a dividend .
This dividend is fixed by law .
It is 6 % of the paid - in capital .
Often , observers are confused about this .
The dividend is not 6 % of the Fed 's profits , but of the stock .
Indeed , over the Fed 's history , the dividend has averaged less than 1 % of the Fed 's gross earnings .
Nor is the dividend based on the member bank 's total stock subscription , but of the paid - in stock .
Thus each bank gets a 6 % return on the funds it has actually invested in the Reserve Bank .
It has been further asserted by some observers that this dividend is tax free .
It is not .
Although the Federal Reserve Banks pay no income tax on their earnings , the dividends earned by the member banks are fully taxable to the member banks by both the state and the federal government .
WHERE DO THE PROFITS GO ?
A great deal of concern is often expressed with respect to the profits earned by the Federal Reserve System .
These profits are a direct result of its power to create money -- and the power to create money is derived from the government .
Many people argue that the earnings , then , should belong to the government rather than go to the Fed .
The system is off - budget and a self - financing entity not subject to congressional appropriations .
But in fact , the Federal Reserve 's earnings from money creation do enter into the government 's receipts .
The gross earnings from the system 's operations first are dedicated to its operating costs .
In addition , the regional Federal Reserve Banks maintain capital ; they retain enough earnings to have on hand a " surplus " equal to the paid - in subscriptions of their member - owners .
As explained above , the Federal Reserve Banks also pay the dividend to their member banks .
What remains is all paid over into the Treasury .
Over its history , the Fed has paid to the Treasury approximately 95 % of its earnings .
These payments to the treasury are currently running about $ 25 billion a year .
Given the fact that the Treasury , if it created money directly , would incur costs in its administration , the revenue and cost effects of having the Federal Reserve issue are about the same as having the Treasury do so .
In addition , the price of Federal Reserve Bank stock is fixed at $ 100 per share .
It neither appreciates nor depreciates in value .
That means that any growth in the capital of the Federal Reserve Banks does not belong to the Banks " owners , " but to the Government which would get the accumulated value of retained earnings if the system were ever dissolved .
To the extent that Fed retains earnings for the purpose of maintaining its capital at a specifies proportion of its liabilities , there is no adverse effect on the governments receipts and outlays .
Holding earnings means they are invested in Treasury securities , with the interest on the securities remitted to the Treasury .
If the Fed did not retain the earnings , the funds would have passed to the Treasury , which would not issue that amount of securities , and thereby save an identical amount of interest .
The formal procedure makes no difference to reality , just to which ledger - book column the numbers are placed in .
AUDITS
It has been commonly reported that the Federal Reserve is exempt from audits , or that it has never been audited , or that the General Accounting Office ( GAO ) cannot audit the Fed .
This is not true .
The Federal Reserve has always had an audit program for the Board of Governors and the regional Federal Reserve Banks , with the arrangements varying , including internal and external examinations .
But these have always been independent audits or complete audits .
GAO can and indeed does audit many aspects of the Fed 's operations ; but some of the Fed 's activities are off - limits to GAO inspection .
The Board of Governors is required by the Federal Reserve Act to examine the accounts , books , and affairs of the regional Federal Reserve Banks .
This is in addition to the Board 's oversight and supervision of regional Federal Reserve Bank activities .
The operation reviews include open market and international transactions .
The Board also examines compliance with approved procedures , policies , and regulations .
From 1914 to 1921 , the Board of Governors was audited by the Treasury .
From the creation of the GAO in 1921 until 1933 , the Board of Governors ( but not the regional Federal Reserve Banks and branches ) was under the GAO 's jurisdiction .
In 1933 , the Board of Governors was removed from the GAO 's jurisdiction .
From 1933 to 1952 , audit teams from the regional Federal Reserve Banks performed the examination of the Board of Governors ' books .
A private accounting firm has audited the Board of Governors ' balance sheet from 1952 to the present .
In 1978 , the Federal Reserve 's Office of Inspector General was given authority to conduct audits , operations reviews , and investigations of Board of Governors ' programs and operations .
In addition , GAO was given authority to audit the Board of Governors and the regional Federal Reserve Banks , branches , and facilities , subject to the limitation that it could not examine the Fed 's foreign exchange and open market monetary policy actions .
One of the difficulties in understanding the audit issue is in the different types of audits .
Most people think of audits as financial audits .
These are principally concerned with whether an institution has spent the money and maintains the funds as it has claimed in its financial statements , and whether it is complying with procedures designed to safeguard it from misappropriation of funds .
This is no doubt the kind of audit most people have in mind when expressing their concern over whether the Fed gets audited .
But audits are also designed to review management efficiency and to evaluate the policy of an institution .
It is the latter kind of audits that are the reason for the restrictions on GAO 's audit authority over the Fed .
The concern is that more extensive audits will become policy evaluations second - guessing the Fed 's monetary policy , and not examinations of Federal Reserve financial safeguards and procedures .
Under current law , policy is reviewed twice annually by the Congress .
THE NATURE OF MONEY -- WHAT BACKS A FEDERAL RESERVE NOTE ? --
The principal form of currency in the United Stated consists of Federal Reserve Notes .
These notes are by law " legal tender , " which is to say they may be used to satisfy obligations denominated in dollars .
Should a suit arise over a commercial or public transaction , the law holds that a monetary obligation is satisfied if these notes have been " tendered " in the correct amount .
Payment cannot be refused on the grounds that these are not money .
This is the same thing as saying that they are " lawful money . "
A great deal of concern is often expressed about what " backs " Federal Reserve Notes .
Technically , the notes are collateralized by holdings of securities -- mostly those of the United States government .
Many people , however , feel that this begs the question .
What then " backs " the securities that back the Notes ?
The short answer is nothing .
There are no real assets , public or private , that are specifically pledged to collateralize the debt of the government .
The government borrows on its " full faith and credit , " which is to say that it borrows as long as everyone thinks it is able to service the debt .
This means that ultimately nothing backs the money ( except the full faith and credit of the government ) .
The lack of backing , however has no bearing on the suitability of Federal Reserve Notes as currency .
Money exists to facilitate exchange , functioning as a " medium " or middle part of a transaction .
In a modern economy , every time someone purchases something , he engages in half of an exchange : one thing of inherent value has changed hands , with the buyer getting what he wants , but the seller still looking to get something of value in return .
Money is a token given the seller signifying that he is still owed something of value .
A transferable IOU is ideal for this purpose .
The government creates money out of nothing in order to purchase goods and services of value .
The note that it pays with is basically an IOU .
Anyone who owes the government taxes , dues , or fees can return the note and have his obligation canceled .
Such money is said to be " fiat " money .
It does not have any intrinsic value as a commodity itself , and is said to be produced and introduced by fiat of the government .
Fiat money , therefore , is a debt of the government .
Like any other debt from a creditworthy borrower , these IOUs are assets to those who hold them .
Thus , these evidences of debt are usually well - suited and widely used to settle accounts .
The fact that the note can be transferred to others who might use it in their transactions with the government makes it perfect for effecting private exchanges .
Debt makes good money because the debt of one person or institution is an asset to whomever it is owed .
Consequently , the debt can be used for exchange by the creditor ( the individual who holds the debt ) , and then in turn by the person who receives it , and so on .
When finally the chain of transactions comes round to the original issuer ( the debtor ) , the debt can be canceled against whatever obligation one has toward the issuer , and the series of exchanges becomes complete .
Consequently , Federal Reserve Notes and other paper money are indeed " unbacked " IOUs .
The fact that they are IOUs is the very thing that makes them suitable to be money .
OTHER FORMS OF CURRENCY
As explained above , the United States has some other forms of currency besides Federal Reserve Notes .
Aside from coins , these currencies are mostly obsolete -- still legal tender , but not printed any longer .
In particular , a number of observers are especially interested in " United States Notes " ( also called " United States Currency Notes " ) .
It has been argued by some that these are an especially desirable form of currency because they are issued directly by the Treasury , and not through the Federal Reserve System .
United States Notes are the " greenbacks " that were first issued by the Treasury during the civil war .
They were the first paper currency declared by the government to be legal tender ; and they too , were backed only by the full faith and credit of the United States .
They were issued in amounts large enough to cause a significant inflation at the time .
Efforts were made after the war to withdraw them .
Their number was frozen by statute in the amount of $ 347 million outstanding in 1878 .
The sum outstanding remained constant until 1982 , when the law was changed to a ceiling amount of $ 300 million ( with no floor ) .
They have since largely been withdrawn as they have been paid in to banks by customers .
As explained below , there is no meaningful economic difference between Federal Reserve Notes and United States Notes .
They are both unbacked paper money declared to be legal tender by the U.S. government .
They cost the same to produce .
They have identical propensity to generate inflation if issued in excessive amounts .
To the extent that they are issued , they generate savings to the government in the same amount : in the case of U.S. Notes , the Treasury is able to borrow less because it can spend the notes instead , thereby saving interest expense ; in the case of Federal Reserve Notes , the Fed is able to buy back from the public more of the Treasury 's outstanding debt , and then turn the interest from the securities back to the Treasury 's general fund .
Another archaic form of currency is Silver Certificates .
These used to be dollars redeemable in silver .
This meant they were " backed " by precious metal .
However , for much of the time they were used , the value of the silver that backed them was less than the purchasing power of a dollar .
Consequently , for most of their existence , they were partly " fiat " or token in nature as well .
From the 1930s to the early 1960s , they were the principal form of small denomination bills in use .
But as the value of silver that backed them exceeded the purchasing power of a dollar , the backing was removed , and they too were largely removed from circulation .
Some commentators try to distinguish between U.S. Notes and Silver Certificates on one hand and Federal Reserve Notes on the other , based on the proposition that the former are " spent into existence " while the latter are " lent into existence . "
Specifically , it is claimed that the former do not create debt .
However , all U.S. currency is debt , including U.S. Notes and Silver Certificates .
They are debt in principle because they represent an obligation of the government and can be canceled against one 's own obligations to the government , just like an IOU .
They are debt in law because they are declared such in statute .
They have always been regarded as debt , even in the time of Lincoln when they were first issued .
E.O. 11110
The notion that Federal Reserve Notes are especially harmful has given rise to one particular conspiracy theory relating to an executive order in 1963 .
According to author Jim Mars , Executive Order 11110 issued by President Kennedy on June 4 , 1963 authorized the issuance of $ 4,292,893,815 in United States Notes .
Mars further asserts that after President Kennedy 's assassination , the order was never carried out .
The claim is not borne out by the facts .
First , E.O. 11110 had nothing to do with United States Notes , and did not affect any section of law referring to them .
Second , E.O. 11110 did not anywhere mention any quantity of money ; wherever the $ 4 billion - plus figure came from , it was not E.O. 11110 .
Third ,
The President had no authority to issue such an edict .
Even utilizing the provisions of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933 , the most the President could issue without statutory authorization was $ 3 billion .
What E.O. 11110 did was to modify previous Executive Order 10289 , delegating to the Secretary of the Treasury various powers of the President .
To these delegated powers , E.O. 11110 added the power to alter the supply of Silver Certificates in circulation .
Executive Order 11110 , therefore , did not create any new authority for the Treasury to issue notes ; it only affected who could give the order , the Secretary or the President .
The reason for the move was that the President had just signed legislation repealing the Silver Purchase Act .
With this repeal , the Treasury Secretary could no longer control the issue of Silver Certificates on his own authority .
However , the issuance of certificates could be controlled under the President 's authority .
Hence , for administrative convenience , President Kennedy issued Executive Order 11110 .
Ironically , the purpose of the order and the legislation was to decrease the circulation of Silver Certificates , with Federal Reserve Notes taking their place .
As economic activity grew and prices rose in the 1950s and early 1960s , the need for small - denomination currency grew at the same time that the price of silver increased .
The Treasury required silver for the increasing number of Silver Certificates and coins needed for transactions .
But the price of silver was rapidly approaching the point that the silver in the coins and in reserve for the certificates was worth more than the face value of the money .
To conserve on the silver needs of the Treasury , President Kennedy requested legislation needed to bring the issuance of Silver Certificates to an end and to authorize the Fed to issue small denomination notes ( which it could not at that time ) .
The Fed began issuing small denomination notes almost immediately after the legislation was passed .
And in October 1964 , the Treasury ceased issuing Silver Certificates altogether .
If anything , E.O. 11110 enhanced Federal Reserve power and did not in any way reduce it .
OWNING GOVERNMENT DEBT
It is frequently argued that the Fed is the reason for the government 's debt .
The argument usually is that , if it were not for the Fed , the government could have issued money itself directly from the Treasury , and would not have had to borrow ; it then would not have had to pay interest .
Sometimes it is implied that the only reason the Treasury issues securities is so that the Fed and its member banks can earn interest .
Some commentators appear to believe that all Treasury debt is owned by the Fed .
The Fed 's holdings of securities and its transactions are almost always conducted in the securities of the U.S. government .
But the Fed never buys or sells directly to or from the Treasury ; it is prohibited from doing so .
It always conducts its business with the public in the open market .
When the government needs to borrow to finance its operations , the Treasury sells its bonds and bills either directly to the public or through so - called " primary dealers . "
The Federal Reserve typically buys these already - sold securities from the dealers .
Government debt is generated by government borrowing .
Whenever , receipts to the Treasury are less than outlays , the government must borrow to cover the difference .
The amount of borrowing , measured by the deficit , is not decided by the Fed .
The government 's debt and deficit are the result of the budgetary decisions of the Congress and President .
A choice that the government has -- a choice that is largely made by the Fed -- is how much of that borrowing is going to be in the form of interest - bearing securities and how much is in the form of non-interest - bearing money .
The decision is greatly influenced by the fact that excessive amounts of money creation are inflationary .
Consequently , the amount of money used to finance the deficit is limited if inflation is to be avoided .
All the rest must be financed by selling interest - bearing securities .
As to the argument that the Fed gets the interest under the current system , and that the Treasury could avoid the interest payments if it issued the money itself , one must keep in mind that the Fed turns its profits over to the Treasury .
Consequently , it makes no difference whether the Fed or the Treasury issues the money .
In one case , the Treasury issues money , and saves the interest expense of issuing securities .
In the other case , the Treasury issues securities , the Fed buys them , the Treasury pays interest , and the Fed gives the interest back .
There is no difference in cost .
In any case , the amount involved is small relative to the government 's total debt .
Of the outstanding U.S. debt , the Fed holds less than 10 % .
The Fed can hardly be considered responsible for the fact that the government owes $ 4 trillion when it only holds $ 400 billion of it .
GOVERNMENT REVENUES AND 100 % RESERVES
The notion that the government has a debt because of the Fed is sometimes argued from the idea that if it were not for the system of fractional reserves in which banks create much of the money stock , the government could create all the money , and thereby not have to borrow so much at interest .
This argument actually has little to do with the Fed , since fractional reserve banking can and did exist without a Federal Reserve System or central bank of any kind .
But the basic principle is correct .
The income earned by the government from seignorage -- whether notes are issued by the Fed or by the Treasury -- is limited to the base money created by the government .
If the government created all money instead of letting the banking system create checking account ( or other substitute ) money , it could earn much more .
In theory , it could do this by outlawing fractional reserve banking ( i.e. , requiring banks to keep 100 % reserves ) .
It is probably not possible to make such a restriction effective ; but as a general proposition , it is roughly true : the larger percentage of reserves that the government forces the banking system to hold , the more seignorage the government earns , because a larger percentage of the money supply must be government - provided .
This is a legitimate source of revenue .
However , this source of revenue derives principally from depositors .
The higher the reserve requirement , the less of a depositor 's money the bank can lend out , and the less interest can be earned and in turn paid on deposits .
In the extreme 100 % reserve case , no interest can be earned on a bank account .
Instead of banks paying depositors interest for their funds , depositors would have to pay the banks for the safekeeping of their money and for check processing .
Consequently , raising reserves as a means of earning revenue is like any other means of raising revenue .
It is in essence a tax .
It is a tax on bank deposits .
Higher reserve requirements are the equivalent of having the government impose an excise tax on deposits .
It can be done , and nothing is inherently wrong with doing so .
But it is important to know exactly what it amounts to .
BASIC ECONOMIC ISSUES -- WHY IS THERE A FED ? --
Earlier discussion laid out the basics of the system .
Some " base " money is issued by the government or its agent .
This is currency and bank reserves that the government will accept in payments for taxes and dues , and which the banks will use to settle accounts with each other .
Leveraged on this sum are checking account money and any other deposits that function as money .
This latter sum is typically greater than the former .
It is created by the multiple expansion of banking credit through the process of fractional reserve banking .
But just as one dollar of base money injected into the system generates several dollars of deposits through the fractional reserve system , a dollar removed from the banking system will generally result in a reduction of several dollars in deposits .
These increases and decreases can be handled well enough in small amounts , but larger changes create more difficulty .
Since a bank only keeps a fraction of its deposits as reserves , a big demand for withdrawals by its customers creates a problem .
The assets are there in the form of loans .
They may be of high quality and value .
But they are not always easily converted back into cash .
Hence , a perfectly sound , solvent bank can find itself illiquid and unable to meet the demands placed on it by sudden large unexpected withdrawals .
Banks can borrow from each other .
They can also sell their assets to others .
Consequently , through history , even banks encountering liquidity problems can borrow or liquidate assets in order to handle runs by depositors seeking to withdraw their funds .
The difficulty comes when runs occur on a number of banks simultaneously .
If many banks are experiencing runs ( a " panic " ) they cannot borrow from one another because they are all in need of funds .
Moreover , there would not be enough cash in existence to satisfy their customers if all their depositors sought to withdraw their deposits ( because deposits are a multiple of currency ) .
This illiquidity problem arises even if the banks are solvent and profitable .
If depositors come to doubt the soundness of banks , they will run on them .
The banks must start unloading their assets to get the cash to satisfy depositors .
If many banks do this , the simultaneous dumping of assets into the market depresses asset prices with the ironic result that banks can become insolvent as a result of the run -- thereby justifying the public 's decision to run in the first place .
Through history , the remedy for this has been a " lender of last resort , " an institution from which banks could borrow in a pinch .
Where a " central " or " government " bank existed , it often came to serve this role because it had the largest reserves of cash .
But other institutions have also played this role .
For example , clearinghouses did so to large extent in the late 19th century .
One of the purposes of the Federal Reserve System is to be the lender of last resort in the event of bank runs .
Nonetheless , bank runs and panics continued after the Fed was created .
Since then , deposit insurance has largely eliminated the bank run and banking panics .
The Fed 's function now is more to be the institutional mechanism by which monetary policy is conducted .
MONETARY POLICY
The trick to using flat paper money as base currency for the system is in limiting its supply .
Under a gold standard ( or other commodity - based systems ) , the purchasing power of money is anchored by the availability of the precious metal .
Money may lose or gain purchasing power in terms of other goods , but the process is generally held within bounds by the limited supply of gold available and the technological constraints on mining and refining additional supplies .
A fiat money system has no such anchor .
Its supply must be regulated in order to maintain its purchasing power .
Ideally , one wants just enough paper money to accommodate the transactions of a fully employed economy without prices tending to rise or fall .
But as explained , the government provides only the base money for the system ; the amount of additional deposit money depends on bank reserves and the amounts of currency held outside the system .
Hence control of supply is difficult .
Moreover , no one knows exactly how much money is needed for transactions .
Money gets used over and over again , so the relation of money to transactions is not one - for - one .
Transactions relative to production depend on things like how vertically integrated firms are ( so that they make payments to themselves with bookkeeping entries instead of making them to other firms with money ) and how much of already existing goods and properties are sold back and forth ( so that money is used in transactions that have nothing to do with current production ) .
In addition , no one really knows what the level of full employment output is .
On top of this , there exist incentives for the government to aim for a money supply that does not hold prices steady .
If it issues more money than needed , it is able to purchase more goods and services .
The result is inflation .
Through fiat money inflation , the government imposes the equivalent of a tax on people 's holdings of money because it increases its own buying power while the purchasing power of the public 's money holdings decreases .
Regardless of how hard it is to manage fiat money , or what incentives exist to do the job right , someone must be responsible for regulating the quantity outstanding if fiat money is to be used .
In the United States , that job has been given to the Federal Reserve System .
But there is no economic reason why the job could not be given to the Treasury , for instance , or accomplished by some other institutional arrangement .
The Federal Reserve is designed to conduct monetary policy largely insulated from political pressures .
The long terms of the Governors , the placement of Reserve Bank presidents on the FOMC , and the independent source of financing ( which means the Fed requires no appropriations ) all serve to increase the ability of the Fed to go its own way policy - wise .
Whether this is good or bad depends on one 's outlook .
On one hand , it makes the Fed anomalous among democratic institutions .
It is clearly less responsive to public sentiment than most other agencies of the government .
This seems antithetical to many people 's notions of what self - governance is about .
On the other hand , it may be in a better position to tough out some policies that have desirable long - run consequences but undesirable short - term effects .
It is argued by some analysts that monetary policy is best administered insulated from public pressure .
Short - term and long - term consequences of monetary policy are often very different .
Hence , independence may make for better policy .
There exists some weak evidence for the contention that independence of central banks is correlated with successful anti-inflation policy .
But the evidence is not compelling .
TOO MUCH MONEY AND INFLATION
It is generally accepted that too much money generates inflation .
Indeed , one popular definition of inflation is " too much money chasing too few goods . "
It may not be readily apparent why such a relationship exists .
Moreover , a serious student of history can probably find many episodes of rapid monetary expansion that did not result in inflation .
Money is principally a medium of exchange .
Its purest form , currency , earns no interest .
Most other forms of money earn a lower return than alternative investments that are not generally used in transactions .
Consequently , if money is not needed for transactions purposes , there is not much point in holding it : it makes more sense to exchange it for stocks , bonds , or other earning assets , or to spend it on useful goods .
The " need " for money in transactions will depend on the volume of exchange ( which is generally related to the level of economic activity as measured by income or production ) , the prices at which exchanges occur , and the various factors that determine how often the same money can be reused in additional transactions elsewhere in the economy .
For a given level of economic activity and use of money , additional money winds up causing prices to rise .
The reasoning behind this is straightforward .
If more money is put into the hands of the public ( for example , by paying off the national debt with newly printed currency ) the public does not really have need of it for transactions purposes .
Consequently , they react by trying to exchange it for something that earns more interest .
This increase in the supply of funds to be invested at interest drives down the interest rate .
Lower interest rates increase the demand for goods that are sensitive to interest rates , such as autos , homes , and business plant and equipment .
The increased demand for these items tends to drive up prices .
Basically , the only way in which a large infusion of money can be put to use is through higher prices .
This analysis depends on the notion that the level of economic activity is unchanged , or at least does not change as much as the money supply .
On the whole , this is a realistic assumption .
Output is limited by the resources available to produce .
An economy has a certain quantity of labor ( of given skills ) , machines , land , resources , livestock , etc .
At any given time , some is not being used ; but much of that is not used because it is not suitable to produce what is wanted , or is caught in the transition from one use to another .
Capacity to produce can be increased by the accumulation of capital goods : but this is a slow process , such that for every dollar of new capital , capacity increases by only a fraction of a dollar .
Essentially , there are physical limits on the potential to produce at any given time ; and while over time these limits can be increased , they increase slowly .
The infusion of little pieces of paper , electronic impulses , or even chunks of precious metal will not increase the capacity to produce as much as they increase demand for output .
Price increases are the result .
Only when capacity is not being utilized , such as during economic contractions , will growth in output automatically match the growth in demand without noticeably raising prices .
Many examples can be found where this process does not seem to work .
Obviously it depends on a lot of other factors .
An economy that experiences an annual 8 % increase in its capacity can absorb larger infusions of money ( without inflation ) than one that grows at 3 % .
Moreover , since economic growth and money growth are uneven , it is not unusual to find periods when money increases for a few years without inflation , or where inflation jumps without commensurate money growth .
The linkage is even looser when one takes into account the intensity of money use : the ways in which society employs other means of completing transactions , or innovates in the use of money .
Nonetheless , large infusions of money sustained over long periods of time cause inflation .
There is simply no other way for the additional money to be absorbed except through price increases .
THE FED AND THE GOLD STANDARD
Many people feel that the most appropriate monetary system is one in which money is backed by gold .
A gold standard can mean a variety of different things .
But principally , it is an arrangement in which the monetary unit ( in this case , a dollar ) is defined in terms of a given quantity of gold of a specified fineness .
In some systems , the money issued by the government consists only of precious money in the form of coins .
In others , paper money is issued that can be redeemed for gold at the option of the holder .
In the post - World War II period , a quasi - gold standard existed , in which gold could be used for " official " transactions between different governments , but in which paper money was otherwise not redeemable by the public .
An exclusive gold standard in which money consists of coin and in which no paper money is issued is virtually impossible to maintain .
This is because eventually some institution will issue a receipt for coin which will itself circulate as money .
If the government does n't do it , a bank will .
And if not a bank , some other financial agent will .
It might be an actual receipt for gold on deposit , or what is functionally equivalent , a bank note ( i.e. , bank - issued currency ) .
If these are somehow prohibited , checking accounts perform the same role .
Consequently , most gold standards are those in which some kind of paper money exists that represents gold being held somewhere .
This raises the analytical question : which attribute really makes it a gold standard , that the money is backed by gold , or that it is redeemable for gold ?
These are different arrangements .
Many people seem to think that what makes a gold standard work is that there is backing in the form of gold .
The most common argument along these lines is that gold has intrinsic value .
Therefore , whenever it ( or a representation of it ) is used in a transaction , the receiver is getting something of genuine value , not a promise to pay .
In contrast -- this line of reasoning goes -- IOU money such as Federal Reserve Notes , is not in itself worth anything .
Such notes can only be passed if others have faith in their worth .
If everyone lost their faith in these notes , they would cease to have value in exchange .
This intrinsic value argument , however , does not generally hold .
The truth is , gold mostly holds its value based on faith as well .
Gold of course does have commercial value .
It has always been used for jewelry , for a time in dentistry , and more recently has had industrial uses , such as for electronics .
Certain of its chemical attributes ( e.g. , the fact that it does not oxidize ) has made it attractive for such purposes .
Hence , it was a convenient commodity to use as money in transactions .
However , once its use as money became widespread , the demand for gold for monetary purposes far outstripped its demand for non-monetary uses .
As a result , much more of it was mined and refined than would have been the case just to satisfy the demand for it in jewelry and electronics .
If there were no demand for gold as store of wealth ( i.e. , potential monetary use ) , its value would fall precipitously .
Consequently , in terms of intrinsic value , gold is remarkably like paper money : its current value much exceeds its value for non-monetary purposes ; it maintains this value only because people have faith that it will continue to be useful for transferring wealth ; were this faith to collapse , its value would as well .
Actually , the strength of a gold standard largely derives from the feature of " redeemability " .
The commitment to redeem a note for gold at the option of the holder regulates the issuance of paper currency .
If an issuer injects too much paper money into the economy , such that prices begin to rise relative to gold , holders will redeem it for gold , and slow down the expansion of the money supply .
Similarly , too slow a growth in the money supply can reduce prices , making it worthwhile to turn gold in for money , and to mine and refine more gold because of its increased buying power .
The problem with gold ( and other commodities ) as a monetary standard is that there is no guarantee that gold stocks will grow at rates necessary to keep prices stable .
Historically , new discoveries of gold have generated substantial inflation .
At other times , failure of the stock to grow fast enough caused prices to fall .
This is compounded by various innovations that may allow the economy to get by on less base money , such as the growth of crediting and debiting accounts .
While the dollar in 1929 was very close to the same purchasing power that existed in 1800 , its value fluctuated much in between , rising to twice its 1800 buying power in 1850 , depreciating 12 % just a few years later , falling again around the turn of the century and rising to nearly 2 1/2 times its 1900 value in 1920 .
The biggest problem came when the public began to have doubts about the redeemability of the currency .
In those periods there was a rush to convert to gold , and a shrinkage of the total money supply was the result .
The effort to stay on the gold standard during the period 1931 - 1933 was a big reason for the severity of the great depression .
Shrinkage of the money supply was only stopped after the United States abandoned its commitment to stay on a gold standard .
The 1933 abandonment of gold marked the true end of the gold standard for the United States .
What followed was only a shadow of a true gold standard .
Lacking public redeemability , the biggest virtue of a gold standard -- discipline -- was lost .
Redeemability in official transactions did not prove to be much a restraint on monetary policy .
The United States expanded its money supply at a rate that eventually made it impossible to use gold even in international transactions .
By 1968 , the United States had de facto stopped using gold .
Actions in 1971 and 1973 made the changeover official ; all links to gold were cut .
Essentially , abandonment of gold did not lead to expansionary monetary policy and inflation , rather , expansionary policy and inflation forced the abandonment of gold .
Gold convertibility does provide a discipline , at a cost .
But it is a discipline that only works if a country has the will to submit to it , in which case , it may very well be able to discipline itself without gold .
MONETARY STANDARD / FRACTIONAL
RESERVES /CENTRAL
BANKING
There is no necessary link between the choice of a monetary standard and the existence of a central bank .
The Federal Reserve has operated under the classical gold standard ( 1914 - 1933 ) , a quasi - gold standard ( 1935 - 1971 ) , and a pure flat standard ( 1973 - present ) .
Similarly , the United States has operated under a fiat money system without a central bank ( 1862-1879 ) , and with one ( 1973 - present ) .
Hence , the Federal Reserve and the gold standard are not alternatives to each other .
The Fed can exist and operate under both fiat and gold standards ; a gold standard can function with or without a Federal Reserve System .
Fractional reserve banking , as well , is not connected to the choice of monetary standard or the existence of a central bank .
Throughout U.S. history , there has been fractional reserve banking .
It has been the norm during periods of the gold standard and of fiat money .
It has operated with a central bank and without one .
The question of whether the Federal Reserve system is desirable or not is not a question of whether one prefers a gold standard or disapproves of fractional reserve banking .
One could restore the gold standard without eliminating the Fed .
One could eliminate the Fed and retain fractional reserve banking .
The latter could be done with or without a gold standard .
THE " MATHEMATICAL FLAW "
A popular theory about the Fed and money creation in the United States is built around the notion of a " mathematical flaw " inherent in introducing money by means of " lending " as opposed to " spending . "
This theory starts with the observation that money in the United States ( and most other countries ) is placed into circulation through the purchase of interest - bearing debt .
To inject money into the economy , the Fed buys federal securities , thereby acquiring an asset that pays interest .
In the second round of money creation , banks , S&Ls , and credit unions , through the fractional reserve banking system , earn interest on the loans they hold as a consequence of creating checking account money .
This means that for every dollar of money , there is a corresponding dollar of interest - bearing debt .
As a consequence of this arrangement , the argument goes , there is only enough money to pay off the principal of existing debt ; there can never be enough to pay the interest that accrues on that principal .
If there is to be enough money to handle interest payments in the economy , the theory continues , more borrowing must occur to generate the extra money .
Of course , additional borrowing under this arrangement would mean even more interest that cannot be paid out of the existing money supply .
Just to keep the money supply constant under the system , according to this line of reasoning , debt must grow by the rate of interest .
Since the economy grows over time , debt must grow at even a higher rate .
As compounding occurs , the result is an explosive growth of debt .
Thus , the argument is , policy must actually encourage households and businesses to take on new debt just to keep the money supply from shrinking .
Allowing debt to expand is a problem , these theorists argue , because interest costs are a -- if not the -- principal cause of inflation .
When the banks make loans , they charge interest .
Interest represents a cost of doing business for borrowers which they pass along to consumers in the prices they charge for goods and services .
Hence , it is reasoned , the more interest paid , the higher prices must be .
If debt must mushroom over time in order to keep the money supply from shrinking , according to this line of thinking , then the cost of doing business must rise faster each year , and so must prices .
In short , it is argued , the money supply process demands that debt grow exponentially .
As debt grows as a proportion of total production , so do interest payments .
And as interest payments grow relative to the rest of real income , it is claimed , prices must rise faster as well .
This dilemma , the proponents argue , is the inherent problem that causes instability in the current banking system -- an instability that the authors believe to be responsible for the business cycle .
Most of those who advance this view believe that to correct the inherent instability in the current monetary system and simultaneously reduce inflation , the system of " debt " money must end .
They argue that money must be spent into existence , or at least issued without charging interest .
This analysis is deficient on four counts .
First , the banking system does not behave as presented above .
The payment of interest on debts that arise through the money creation process will neither contract the money supply nor result in the growth of debt relative to the money supply .
Second , there is no reason for the money supply to equal the sum of debt and interest .
Third , debt is such a common and essential part of an economy , there is always plenty of it available for money creation without any need to encourage the creation of more .
( The fourth reason , that interest costs are not the cause of inflation , is discussed in another section ) .
The crucial error made by the above arguments lies in the proposition that once interest is paid by the government to the Fed , money is " extinguished " .
If the interest earnings were simply put away into a vault until they were lent out again , the authors would be correct .
But in fact , the money is spent back into existence .
The part of the Fed 's income used for its own expenses and the dividend paid to member banks is , of course , spent back into existence .
The rest the overwhelming majority of all of the income earned by the Federal Reserve -- that which is remitted back to the U.S.
Treasury , is also spent .
Thus , " lending money " into existence does not mean that debt has to constantly increase to make up for the money that is paid in interest and removed from circulation .
It is not removed from circulation ; interest payments to the Fed re-enter circulation as they are paid for expenses , as they are paid in dividends , and most significantly as they are paid over to and spent by the Treasury .
The argument has similar problems with its claim that money disappears from circulation as interest is paid back to commercial banks .
Like the Fed , commercial banks have expenses .
They must pay these out of their earnings -- spending them into existence .
They also must pay dividends to their stockholders -- again spending them into existence .
Most important among their expenses is interest on their deposits .
Whether in the form of explicit interest paid to depositors or implicitly paid as free services ( such as check - clearing , balance reporting , etc. ) , these funds are also spent into existence .
Even those sums retained to increase the capital of the bank do not have to be lent , but can be used to purchase expansion of the facilities .
There is no requirement in the system that interest earnings must be lent back into existence through new loans .
Since the amount of dollars represented by the interest payment is returned to the spending stream and the money supply , there is no need for banks to lend continuously a sum equal to the interest payment to keep the money supply constant .
Hence , there is no force causing debt to grow continuously relative to the available money supply .
The current system is not inherently unstable .
Nor is there any reason why there must be enough money outstanding to pay off all outstanding debt .
The money needs of the economy are much smaller than an economy 's total debt .
Money circulates ; it gets used repeatedly in the course of a year .
Transactions take little time .
As soon as money is used in one transaction , it is available for use in another .
Consequently , the money stock need only be a fraction of the total transactions that take place in a year .
An economy only needs enough money to complete the transactions that occur in the course of normal business -- not a sum related to total debt .
And the total amount of money needed is less than the total value of the transactions because the money is used more than once .
Finally , debt is not created because of a need for money .
Every economy - even those without money -- has debt .
Debt is a necessity in any modern economy .
Indeed , debt pre-dates money in that it exists even in barter economies .
It comes in a variety of forms and does not consist exclusively of bank loans .
It exists because some people do not consume all that they produce , and are in the position to place some of their goods temporarily in the hands of those who need more goods than they have .
Resources are not always in the hands of those who can best employ them .
Hence , the lending of resources is common and even necessary for economic progress .
Consequently , debt is always present in private affairs .
Healthy economies can always be expected to have private debt equal to many times the amount of money that they need .
Even as some borrowers repay their loans , still others are ready to borrow .
Money creation , therefore , does not drive the creation of debt ; the debt is already there regardless of how money is created .
It is always there .
There is plenty of debt to be used by the banking system for the purpose of money creation with plenty more left over .
This is true everywhere there are market systems .
Debt does not exist because of a need to create money .
In short , there is no mathematical flaw .
And paying money directly out of the Treasury would have exactly the same economic effect as having the Fed create it by " lending . "
INTEREST AND INFLATION
A criticism occasionally leveled at the Federal Reserve is that in raising interest rates to fight inflation it actually makes inflation worse , and that , indeed , it is a fundamental part of the problem with the monetary system because of its role in a system of lending funds at interest .
According to this view , interest is the primary cause of inflation .
Adherents maintain that interest payments are a cost of production , so that interest costs enter into the prices of individual goods and services .
When these individual prices are aggregated into a price index , the influence of the interest rate on the inflation rate is direct .
Interest - based cost theories of inflation are not uncommon .
But they are not commonly embraced by economists .
Their major shortcoming is that the effect of interest costs on the price of individual goods cannot be aggregated into an increase in the general price level .
The assumption that such price increases result in inflation is considered an example of the fallacy of composition .
To say that the price of a good has increased is to say that it now costs more to buy the good in terms of whatever is used to pay for it .
For an individual good or class of goods , an increase in price can mean an increase relative to other goods that are indirectly exchanged for it .
Even though money must be used to purchase the higher - priced good , money was acquired through the sale of some other good or service .
The rise in price of one good means the relative decline in the price of another .
The total need for money in the economy does not necessarily increase when one price increases , because other prices can decline at the same time .
Thus , the decreased need for money in transactions involving lower - priced goods can offset the additional need for money generated by goods that increase in costs .
But inflation is the continuous increase in the general level of prices .
That means prices of all goods on average are going up -- not just some relative to the rest .
And when all goods are rising in price , they cannot cost more in terms of other goods ; they must cost more in terms of money .
Hence , when inflation occurs , it takes more money on average to buy goods than before prices went up .
Consequently , for inflation to take place , there either must be more money to make the larger transactions , or money must be circulated more frequently to handle the extra need .
But there are limits on just how much money can be recycled for more frequent use to accommodate the higher prices .
Hence , if the additional supplies of money are not forthcoming , then the inflation cannot continue for very long .
This explains why money growth is necessary for inflation .
Higher costs - regardless of source -- cannot generate inflation unless the money supply grows to permit the price increases .
If enough additional money is not generated to handle the increase in the size of each transaction , then the number of transactions must shrink .
That is , when costs drive up prices in the face of a money supply that does not grow commensurately , economic activity must decline .
Purchases drop , workers are laid off , and output falls .
The decline in economic activity reduces the ability of firms to pass their higher costs on to consumers .
Despite whatever pressures there may be on producers from the cost side , the reduction in demand holds back price increases .
Whether the cost increase is from higher oil prices , interest costs , or increased wage demands , the increase in prices cannot be sustained without accommodation from the money supply .
True inflation -- in the sense of continuously rising prices -- is never cost driven .
Moreover , the theory of interest - cost inflation has an additional shortcoming .
Even if higher interest rates caused prices to increase , they could not explain inflation .
Inflation is not high prices ; it is not higher prices ; it is rising prices ; prices that go higher and higher continually .
That means that interest costs would have to continually increase to produce inflation .
Moreover , whenever interest costs fell , there would be deflation -- not slower inflation .
Of course , this is not what happens .
Interest rates have fallen many times in the United States over the last 45 years .
But not once did the U.S. price level fall .
Inflation slows , but prices keep rising , even though -- according to the interest cost theory of inflation -- prices should fall because costs have fallen .
If nothing else , this simple observation shows that the interest - cost theory of inflation is fallacious .
CONCLUSION
Briefly , the United States , like virtually all advanced nations , has a banking system in which the use of fractional reserves means that most money is generated by banks and not the government .
This reduces seignorage revenue to the government , with bank depositors being the principal beneficiaries .
The Federal Reserve is not a private corporation .
It is part private and part public , with the Board of Governors an agency of the United States government .
The regional Federal Reserve Banks are private corporations acting as agents of the government , owned by their member banks .
No individuals hold stock in the Fed .
Corporate control of the regional Federal Reserve Banks is limited and based on one vote per stock - holding bank ( so that big banks cannot control the system ) .
The Fed buys and owns some of the government 's debt .
But it does not determine how much debt is issued ( that is determined by the government 's budget ) .
The Fed owns less than 10 % of the government 's total debt .
The interest earned on the debt held by the Fed is turned over to the Treasury ( except for operating costs ) , so that the revenue consequences of having the Fed issue Federal Reserve notes is essentially the same as having the Treasury issue its own currency directly .
The existence of the Federal Reserve is separate from the choice of monetary standard .
It is not an alternative to a gold standard .
Similarly the existence of the Federal Reserve and the choice of a monetary standard is unrelated to the existence of fractional reserve banking , or to who regulates the operations of banks .
The primary issue about the Federal Reserve is about who controls monetary policy .
APPENDICES I. THE ECONOMICS OF THE " CONSTITUTIONAL " ISSUE
The constitutional question of whether the government can issue non-redeemable paper money and make it legal tender was settled in 1884 .
That Federal Reserve Notes are legally money has also been affirmed .
But early in the 19th century , the authority of the Federal government to issue paper money was much disputed .
In some circles today , a small minority still makes constitutional arguments against Federal Reserve Notes in particular , and paper money in general .
In general , the thrust of these arguments is that if the Constitution were interpreted narrowly enough , it would be impossible for the government to issue fiat money ( i.e. , money that has been declared by fiat to be worth more than its " intrinsic " value ) .
The government has no power to declare legal tender , according to this notion .
Further , the only money it can produce is coins .
The point of this appendix is not to discuss what the courts have and have not found constitutional , nor to discuss the relative merits of the constitutional issue .
Such a discussion is best left to attorneys and legal scholars .
Rather , this discussion is about the economics of issuing fiat money , and the many different ways in which it can be issued .
It shows that even under the most narrow interpretation of federal power , the government could still issue non-redeemable f fiat money that circulates .
The point is not that given constitutional arguments are wrong , but that they are irrelevant to the economics of the issue .
Legal Tender and Bills of Credit
As a general proposition , there are two issues : 1 ) the power to issue paper money , and 2 ) the power to make that money legal tender .
They are separable issues .
A government can issue paper money without making it legal tender .
Under the right conditions , this money will circulate .
Consequently , a number of situations are possible .
A government might have no authority at all to issue paper money , or to declare anything legal tender .
It might have the power to issue money but no power to declare it legal tender .
Finally , it is possible that a government could lack power to issue money , yet still have the power to declare the notes of others to be legal tender .
Legal tender is something that by law must be accepted in satisfaction of obligations denominated in dollars .
Should a suit arise over a commercial or public transaction , the law holds that a monetary obligation is satisfied if these notes have been " tendered " in the correct amount .
It is possible to make a contract in something other than dollars .
It is also possible for two transactors by mutual agreement to complete their business in dollar - denominated terms with some other medium .
But otherwise , if payment for an obligation is tendered in the legally designated medium , it must be accepted at face value .
Payment cannot be refused on the grounds that the notes are not money .
Issuing paper money is something else .
It is possible to issue paper currency without making it legal tender .
The government can -- and has -- paid out various forms of paper notes that have circulated as currency , but have not been declared legal tender .
At the time the Constitution was written , paper money was known as " bills of credit . "
A bill of credit is a form of debt , basically an IOU with the characteristic that it is intended to circulate as money .
This paper money may or may not have legal tender qualities .
It is fairly easy for the government to issue a bill of credit without legal tender privileges .
The easiest is to make it receivable for taxes .
It that way , the note has value to anyone who might have to pay taxes , and hence is worth its face value .
Making a note receivable for taxes is not the same as making it legal tender .
But it typically has the effect of making the note circulate because , if nothing else , the note is worth its face value when it comes time to deal with the government .
Constitutional Powers and Limitations
The Constitution refers to both of these issues explicitly only with respect to limiting state power .
Under Article I , Section 10 , states are prohibited from making anything other than gold or silver legal tender .
They are also prohibited from emitting bills of credit ( or coining money ) .
These prohibitions are clearly aimed at states , and not the federal government .
In Article I , Section 8 , Congress is given powers related to money in two clauses : to " borrow on the credit of the United States " , and " to coin money and regulate the value thereof . "
There are two other closely related clauses : " to lay and collect taxes , " and " to regulate commerce ... among the several states .
In general , contemporary legal theory holds that the power to issue bills of credit and declare legal tender is incidental to the power to regulate the value of coin and to borrow money , and therefore in the federal government 's power .
In the early 19th century , this was generally held not to be true , or at least open to question .
The question of bills of credit is especially interesting because it was explicitly considered by the constitutional convention .
A clause in the draft document explicitly enabling the Congress to issue bills of credit was removed , largely because many members felt the experience with inflation under the continental currency should not be repeated .
Interestingly , the debate over including the power -- and statements made at the time the clause was rejected - indicate that at least some of the delegates did not believe that in removing the clause they prohibited the Congress from issuing such bills .
Many members felt that paper money was an expedient that might have to be resorted to in an emergency , and should not be foreclosed .
Consequently , the convention decided both not to authorize such a power , but did not clearly prohibit it .
Many delegates were apparently of the opinion that they had left the issue up to future generations to grapple with .
The tenth amendment of the Constitution , however , reserves powers not given the federal government for the states or the people .
Consequently , it is occasionally argued by some observers that since the power to issue bills of credit is not specifically authorized , it is prohibited .
However , the final clause of Article 1 , section 8 gives Congress the power to make laws " necessary and proper for carrying into execution " those powers given explicitly .
Based on this clause , the courts in particular have maintained that the Congress does indeed have the power to authorize the issuance of such bills .
The issue of legal tender -- at least in terms of the powers of the federal government -- was not addressed by the convention .
Up to that time , the power of the government to declare something legal tender appears to have been regarded as inherent in the power to coin money .
However , it is also clear that in writing the Constitution , the framers were reassessing what had previously been regarded as " sovereign " powers , and that they believed many of these powers belong to the people rather than the crown .
The United States exercised its right to declare certain coins to be legal tender as early as 1792 .
The tender quality was bestowed on certain foreign coins as early as 1793 .
In 1834 , the government reduced the gold content of U.S. coins , with the newer coins being legal tender for debts contracted before that date .
In 1853 , limited legal tender was conferred on coins that had proportionately less silver than was otherwise called for by the legal mint ratio .
The government first issued notes that were used as currency during the War of 1812 .
At first , they were interest - bearing , but receivable for dues to the government .
Later they were non-interest bearing , basically indistinguishable from paper money today .
Similar notes were issued in 1837 and off - and - on through 1843 .
Notes again were issued in 1857 and 1861 .
None of these notes were legal tender .
They all circulated as money to varying degrees .
Significantly , they were not always redeemable on demand for gold or silver .
Consequently , by the time of the civil war , the federal government had many times assumed the power to declare money legal tender , and power to issue paper money .
But not until the issuance of the civil war " greenbacks , " did it declare paper money that it had issued to be legal tender .
The Economic Implications of the Narrow Interpretation
If the federal government could not declare anything legal tender , it would not necessarily be prevented from issuing paper money , or even be prevented from issuing paper money in excess amounts .
Money circulates primarily because it has the characteristic that it is immediately worth its face value to someone else .
As a general rule , receivability does this .
Whenever notes of the government have been made receivable for taxes , they have tended to circulate .
Consequently , if the legal tender privilege were removed from Federal Reserve Notes , but they were still made receivable for taxes and could be used as reserves by banks , there would likely be no effect on their circulation .
Withdrawing legal tender power would not prevent the issuance and circulation of fiat money .
To prevent the issue of paper money , a narrow interpretation of constitutional powers would have to also prohibit the government from issuing bills of credit .
And typically , these narrow interpretations of powers are based on a reading of " coin money and regulate value thereof ' to mean metal coins only .
Yet even so , bills of credit might be issued under the government 's power to borrow , since such notes are little more than IOUs .
To declare paper money unconstitutional , one would have to maintain that issuing bills of credit would not fall under the federal government 's power to borrow .
But even this narrow of an interpretation would not shut the door on flat money .
If the power of the government is limited to issuing coins , there is still nothing that requires the coins to be " full bodied " -- that is , to have precious metal content equal to their face value .
The constitutional power to issue coins appears to be unlimited .
The government has long issued " token " coins to meet the circulation needs of the economy .
These coins possess a metallic value less than the value on their face .
Today , all U.S. coins are token coins , made usually of nickel , zinc , and copper .
They are flat money in the same fashion as paper money , having been assigned their exchange value by simple declaration .
Like paper money , such coins do not need to be declared legal tender to circulate , but can be given value simply by the receivability feature .
Interestingly , the United States has been considering replacing its $ 1 paper bill with a coin .
It is theoretically possible to do the same with all denominations of bills , and to remove the legal tender privilege .
This presumably would satisfy the narrowest interpretation of federal power but without making any difference to the government 's ability to issue ( or over - issue ) fiat money .
Consequently , the contention that the Constitution prohibits the issuance of anything but coins as money does not mean that the United States would have to be on a gold and / or silver standard , nor does it mean that the country could not have a fiat currency or issue it in excessive amounts .
Even narrowly interpreting the federal powers granted in the Constitution could not prevent the issuance of fiat money or inflation .
II : THE FEDERAL RESERVE AND NATIONAL EMERGENCY
It is occasionally asserted that the fiat monetary system and the Federal Reserve System 's power derive from a national emergency declared by President Roosevelt in 1933 .
This is sometimes combined with a claim that the United States is bankrupt .
As explained , the Fed 's power comes from the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 ( as amended ) .
Congress delegated its constitutional power to create money by means of this legislation .
No emergency decree was involved in vesting the Fed with its current powers .
The rationale for the emergency decrees in question lay policies undertaken to recover from of the Great Depression of 1929 - 33 .
By the winter of 1933 , economic activity in the United States had declined for almost four years .
The contraction was compounded and exacerbated by a series of banking panics .
A banking panic was under way in March 1933 when President Roosevelt assumed office .
Shortly after taking office , Roosevelt closed the banks in order to stop the bank runs and the export of gold from the country .
He did this based on the Trading With the Enemy Act of 1917 , which gave him broad powers over banking and currency .
There was nothing in the 1917 act that conferred such powers in peacetime .
But Roosevelt acted on the basis of a " national emergency " and summoned Congress to a special session to prepare legislation to confer the powers he wanted to deal with the situation .
Three days later , Congress passed the Emergency Banking Act , which amended the 1917 Act to include national emergencies , ex post approved the President 's actions of the previous three days , and granted him power to regulate or prohibit the payment of deposits at financial institutions .
The Act also set out the conditions under which the banks could reopen , procedures by which insolvent banks were to be liquidated , and mechanisms by which the Federal Reserve could provide more liquidity to the system .
The President then used the Act to extend the actions .
When the President closed the banks , he also prohibited them from paying out gold or dealing in foreign exchange .
The March 9 , 1933 legislation granted him authority to do so in emergencies .
He promptly used these powers to continue the prohibition on gold transactions , even for banks that reopened .
By executive order , on April 5 , 1933 , the " hoarding ' of gold was forbidden .
Gold had to be turned in to the government at the official price of $ 20.67 per ounce .
Essentially , the country 's gold was nationalized .
The Thomas Amendment to the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933 granted authority to the President to alter the gold content of the dollar , with power to reduce it to 50 % of its previous value .
Under this authority , the market price of gold was allowed to increase to $ 35 by January 1934 when the Gold Reserve Act was passed and the President thereby empowered to fix the new value of the dollar at not less than 60 % of its previous value .
The Gold Reserve
Act also gave legislative force to the nationalization of gold .
Under its terms , title to all bullion and coin was vested in the U.S. government , gold coin was withdrawn from circulation , and the Treasury Secretary was given control of all trading in gold .
Private holdings of gold were outlawed ( except for numismatic and various industrial / artistic uses ) .
Prior to the reorganization of the gold standard under the Gold Reserve Act , the Congress had by joint resolution suspended the gold standard and abrogated gold clauses .
Gold clauses had appeared in a number of bonds issued by the government and the private sector for many years prior to the Joint Resolution .
They gave the lender the option of being paid in gold ( or its value ) at the earlier conversion rate .
These were designed to protect bond holders from this kind of depreciation .
This abrogation of gold contracts by the government was upheld by the Supreme Court in February 1935 .
Thus , the government could discharge all its interest and principal due in paper money .
Since the dollar had depreciated due to official policy , it meant that the outlawing of gold holdings effectively reduced the amounts the government paid on its debts had it paid in gold .
Reneging on this promise to pay in gold apparently is the source of claims that the United States went " bankrupt . "
With respect to the claim the nation is still under a national emergency , most of the various emergency declarations were withdrawn .
However , Roosevelt 's March 9 decree was never formally revoked .
Revocation has become unnecessary : the 1976 National Emergencies Act and the 1977 International Economic Powers
Act rendered inactive the powers that these declarations invoked .
Hence , the emergency declarations that have concerned some commentators -- long since ignored anyway -- ceased to have any legal force .
As should be apparent , none of these legislative or executive actions gave the Federal Reserve its legal authority .
The various acts did serve to end the gold standard under which the United States had operated , and to move the country significantly to a fiat monetary system -- but one in which discretion and in which the Federal Reserve 's power over monetary policy was circumscribed .
As should also be clear , the use of emergency powers had little if any long - term effect in making these changes .
The permanent changes were all achieved by legislation .
The United States did not go " bankrupt " .
It paid its bills and met its obligations .
However , the abrogation of the gold clauses did amount to a reneging on its commitments .
These were not abrogated by emergency decree , but by congressional and Court action .
There are currently no powers being exercised with regard to the emergency declared in 1933 .
A group of software vendors has published an open letter to president Obama encouraging the new administration to adopt open source software in the government 's IT infrastructure .
The letter says that open source software can reduce costs when implementing government technology initiatives in areas like healthcare and security .
Open source software is already broadly used by many different branches of the government .
The Department of Defense , which has been exploring the benefits of open source software for years , has used Linux and open source technology in a wide range of key projects , including the Army Future Combat Systems program and the Land Warrior program .
The DoD also recently launched a Web site on which it hosts its open source projects .
The Obama administration has expressed interest in evaluating the potential benefits of broader open source adoption in government IT , but it 's unclear if its current approach will be able to produce sound policy guidance .
The open letter , published Tuesday by a group of open source vendors , could help to impress upon the new president the potential benefits of formulating a strong strategy for open source adoption .
" Mr. President , we believe the open - source industry is changing the world of software development in many of the ways you have promised to change American politics , " the letter declares .
" The values of open - source mirror those you promoted in your campaign : hope , change , and openness .
We , the undersigned , sincerely hope that you will make the use of open - source software a key component of every new technology initiative the United States government enters into during your presidency . "
The fact that the letter has been authored by commercial open source software vendors , however , makes it seem a bit more like an advertisement than a sincere attempt to guide open source policy .
The letter specifically promotes TriSano , " an open source , citizen - focused surveillance and outbreak management system for infectious disease , environmental hazards , and bioterrorism attacks . "
The Collaborative Software Initiative ( CSI ) , the vendor behind TriSano , is likely responsible for orchestrating the open letter .
The letter 's first two signatories are a CSI developer and CSI CEO Stuart Cohen .
Cohen used to be the CEO of the Open Source Development Labs ( OSDL ) but departed the organization and founded CSI after OSDL merged with the Free Standards Group .
Cohen recently generated some controversy with an article he wrote for BusinessWeek in which he argued that the service - oriented business model behind many open source software companies is fundamentally broken .
Cohen and some of the other like - minded signatories on the open letter are not conventional open source advocates .
They are entrepreneurs who appreciate the cost efficacy of collaborative development .
Their position , as enunciated in the letter , is that the government should give careful consideration to the benefits of source code availability and collaborative development during the procurement process .
" I believe that community sourcing — an application development model that adapts open source methodologies — should always be considered because it results in lower cost development and deployments , higher quality code and the transparency in enterprise applications that we 've all come to expect , " Cohen told us in an e-mail .
Indeed , the ability to broadly reuse and repurpose open code could make an open development model extremely advantageous for the government .
Open technologies could also boost interoperability and give government agencies more flexibility in data interchange and other critical areas .
To demonstrate the extent of public support for open source adoption , the corporate executives who have signed the open letter are asking for concerned citizens and members of the open source software community to join them in affirming support for the letter 's contents .
To facilitate this , they have launched a public Web site where visitors can add their names to the letter .
JANUARY 2009 -- In the third century BCE , the Greek poet Callimachus wrote a ' Hymn to Zeus ' asking the ancient , and most powerful , Greek god whether he was born in Arcadia on Mt. Lykaion or in Crete on Mt. Ida .
A Greek and American team of archaeologists working on the Mt. Lykaion Excavation and Survey Project believe they have at least a partial answer to the poet 's query .
New excavation evidence indicates that Zeus ' worship was established on Mt. Lykaion as early as the Late Helladic period , if not before , more than 3,200 years ago .
According to Dr. David Gilman Romano , Senior Research Scientist , Mediterranean Section , University of Pennsylvania Museum , and one of the project 's co-directors , it is likely that a memory of the cult 's great antiquity survived there , leading to the claim that Zeus was born in Arcadia .
Dr. Romano will present his team 's new discoveries -- and their implications for our understanding of the beginnings of ancient Greek religion -- at a free public lecture , The Search for Zeus : The Mt. Lykaion Excavation and Survey Project , Tuesday , January 27 , 6 p.m. in the Rainey Auditorium of the University of Pennsylvania Museum .
Reservations ( suggested ) may be made online through the Museum calendar ( www.museum.upenn.edu), or by calling 215/898-4890 .
New evidence to support the ancient myth that Zeus was born on Mt. Lykaion in Arcadia has come from a small trench from the southern peak of the mountain , known from the historical period as the ash altar of Zeus Lykaios .
Over fifty Mycenaean drinking vessels , or kylikes , were found on the bedrock at the bottom of the trench along with fragments of human and animal figurines and a miniature double headed axe .
Also found were burned animal bones , mostly of goats and sheep , another indication consistent with Mycenaean cult activity .
" This new evidence strongly suggests that there were drinking ( and perhaps feasting ) parties taking place on the top of the mountain in the Late Helladic period , around 3,300 or 3,400 years ago , " said Dr. Romano .
In mainland Greece there are very few if any Mycenaean mountain - top altars or shrines .
This time period -- 14th - 13th centuries BC -- is approximately the same time that documents inscribed with a syllabic script called Linear B ( an archaic form of the Greek language ) first mention Zeus as a deity receiving votive offerings .
Linear B also provides a word for an ' open fire altar ' that might describe this altar on Mt. Lykaion as well as a word for a sacred area , temenos , a term known from later historical sources .
The shrine on Mt. Lykaion is characterized by simple arrangements : an open air altar and a nearby sacred area , or temenos , which appears to have had no temple or other architectural feature at any time at this site .
Evidence from subsequent periods in the same trench indicate that cult activity at the altar seems to have continued uninterrupted from the Mycenaean period down through the Hellenistic period ( 4th - 2nd centuries BCE ) , something that has been documented at very few sites in the Greek world .
Miniature bronze tripods , silver coins , and other dedications to Zeus including a bronze hand of Zeus holding a silver lightning bolt , have been found in later levels in the same trench .
Zeus as the god of thunder and lightning is often depicted with a lightning bolt in his hand .
Also found in the altar trench was a sample of fulgurite or petrified lightning .
This is a glass - like substance formed when lightning strikes sandy soil .
It is not clear if the fulgurite was formed on the mountain - top or if it was brought to the site as a dedication to Zeus .
Evidence for earlier activity at the site of the altar , from the Final Neolithic and the Early and Middle Helladic periods , continues to be found .
###
The Mt. Lykaion Excavation and Survey Project is a collaboration between the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in Philadelphia , the University of Arizona , and the Greek Archaeological Service in Tripolis , Greece .
Project directors are Dr. Romano , Dr. Mary Voyatzis of the University of Arizona , and Dr. Michalis Petropoulos , Ephor of Prehistoric and Classical Antiquties of the Greek Archaeological Service in Tripolis .
The project is under the auspices of the American School of Classical Studies in Athens .
Investigations at the Sanctuary of Zeus also include excavations and survey of a number of buildings and monuments from the lower sanctuary where athletic contests were held as a part of the festival for Zeus in the Archaic , Classical and Hellenistic periods .
These include a hippodrome , stadium , stoa , bath , xenon ( hotel building ) and fountain house .
The Project , which began in 2004 , will continue in the summer 2009 .
Further information about the research project can be found at the project website : http://corinth.
sas . upenn . edu/ lykaion / lykaion .
html
Support for the Mt. Lykaion Excavation and Survey Project comes from a number of foundations including the Karabots Foundation , the Samuel H. Kress Foundation , the 1984 Foundation , the Niarchos Program for the Promotion of the Hellenic Heritage at the University of Pennsylvania , as well as from numerous individual donors .
The U.S. House is scheduled to vote Jan. 28 on an $ 825 billion stimulus package attaching network neutrality and open access strings for $ 6 billion in grants and loans to build out broadband networks in unserved and underserved areas of the country .
If - as widely expected - the American Recovery and Reinvestment passes the House , it will represent the first successful congressional action on network neutrality .
The House legislation requires the winners of the funding to allow any legal device to be connected to the new networks , and network operators are prohibited from discriminating in the handling of network traffic .
The mandates do not apply to existing networks .
While the Senate is still in the process of drafting its recovery package , the Senate approved Jan. 27 an Appropriations Committee package that requires " non-discrimination and network interconnection obligations " for the $ 9 billion allocated for new broadband networks .
" For those of us who waited for a new day to advance the cause of preserving a free , open and non-discriminatory Internet , the language in the House stimulus package is a great first step toward reclaiming the Internet and establishing once and for all the concept that carriers can't discriminate , " Art Brodsky , communications director of Public Knowledge , wrote on the PK blog Jan. 27 .
Brodsky , a veteran of Washington 's telecom policy debates , warns , though , that it is still a long road to seeing network neutrality and open access become part of law , even if it 's applied only to networks built under the bill .
" The most dangerous part of this game has yet to occur .
The House will pass its bill .
The Senate will pass its bill .
How the two will reconcile their differences is not yet known , " Brodsky wrote .
" A traditional conference committee is unlikely given the time constraints .
The telephone companies and Chamber of Commerce have started complaining about the conditions , even though they have n't mounted a public challenge . "
Public or not , telephone and cable giants like AT&T , Verizon and Comcast are adamantly opposed to congressionally imposed network neutrality and open access requirements , objecting to the idea of government control over their network management practices .
Under Republican control and the Bush administration , telecoms and cable companies successfully blocked any congressional action on the issues .
" The best opportunity to strip out the progressive elements of the telecom provisions will be in the reconciliation process , much of which will take place behind closed doors , " Brodsky noted .
" At this point , it 's not certain who will be at the table , particularly if there is n't a formal conference committee .
It will be up to the champions of open networks to make sure those provisions stay in . "
In the House , a network neutrality amendment to a telco reform bill failed in 2006 .
The Senate has never had a floor vote on network neutrality , but the Senate Commerce Committee voted against a network neutrality amendment to the 2006 telco reform bill .
Since then , the network neutrality debate has centered around the Federal Communications Commission 's legal status and ability to enforce the agency 's Internet principles .
In August 2005 , the FCC declared that consumers are entitled to access the lawful Internet content of their choice , run applications and services of their choice , and plug in and run legal devices of their choice .
The FCC also said consumers have a right to competition among network providers , application and service providers , and content providers .
The FCC declared Aug. 1 that Comcast was violating the agency 's Internet policy when it blocked peer - to - peer traffic by BitTorrent .
The agency also found that Comcast misled consumers when it did not properly disclose its P2P policy .
While Comcast was not fined for the network neutrality violation , the FCC ordered Comcast to cease the practice and to keep the public informed of its future network management plans .
Comcast complied with the order but also went to court to challenge the FCC 's authority to enforce the principles .
By Steven Stark - February 20 , 2009
It 's one month into Barack Obama 's presidency and it's already clear that the economic team is n't making the grade .
Larry Summers helps craft a stimulus plan that almost no other economist thinks will work -- at least as well as it should .
Timothy Geithner announces his bank - rescue plan and the market immediately drops 300 points .
The solution ?
Appoint Paul Krugman economic czar .
Krugman , of course , is a Nobel Prize - winning economist from Princeton , who 's also a formidable columnist for the New York Times .
He obviously knows Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke well from Princeton ( Bernanke made Krugman the job offer that brought him to campus ) , so they 'll work well together .
And he offers three huge advantages over anyone Obama has appointed so far :
1 ) HE KNOWS WHAT TO DO Admittedly , this is a subjective category -- you have to buy into Krugman 's notions ( which I do ) that the stimulus package was vastly under - funded and untargeted ; that we 're suffering from a solvency problem , not a liquidity problem with the banks ; that some banks need to be nationalized , etc. , etc .
But whether you agree with Krugman or not , at least his prescriptions are coherent and dramatic .
The good news about Obama 's economic policies so far is that they 've managed to fulfill his campaign promise of uniting both sides .
The bad news is that they 've done so largely by fusing left and right in opposition to what he 's done .
Krugman 's appointment would eliminate half the opposition , and the Republicans are never going to support Obama anyway .
2 ) HE'S UNTAINTED
In legal ethics , the standard is not whether an individual has done anything wrong , but whether he or she gives " the appearance of impropriety . "
Applying that standard , Summers and Geithner do n't cut it because they 're too identified with the policies of the past , and with Bob Rubin .
During his tenure under Bill Clinton , Summers curtailed Commodity Future Trading Commissioner Brooksley Born 's attempts to regulate derivatives .
His protégé Geithner , as president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank from mid-2003 on , was in a position to try to address this crisis years ago .
But he did n't see it coming , either .
Every time these men take an action that seems to help an old friend at a bank -- and they seem to be doing it often -- they raise questions about their impartiality .
That 's unacceptable -- and it's a problem Krugman does n't have .
Besides , Summers 's and Geithner 's experience may be limiting them .
This is a new kind of crisis that requires a new kind of thinking .
To this point , to use the old cliché , Obama 's mainstream - to - a - fault economic team has n't been able to think outside the box .
3 ) HE'S A TERRIFIC COMMUNICATOR
This may , in fact , be Krugman 's most important attribute .
Whatever one thinks of Geithner , public speaking is not one of his strengths : one wag described his recent bank - bailout - plan announcement as akin to " an elf giving a book report . "
As for Summers , his communication problems have been well publicized .
Suffice it to say that he 's been in office only a month and he 's already managed to alienate Obama appointee and former Fed chairman Paul Volcker .
In contrast , Krugman is articulate .
One of the president 's principal failures so far is that he 's tellingly failed to give the nation a narrative that explains the economic crisis and how he plans to solve it .
Without that , the public will never give him the time he needs to address what are deep - rooted problems that can't be cured overnight .
Besides , without such an explanation , everything he does looks seat - of - the - pants and reactive .
Despite his oratorical prowess , Obama has not given a good speech in months .
In truth , Obama was terrific when he was talking about himself -- whether it was on the primary stump or in his book .
That 's not a criticism : when one runs for president , promoting yourself is the major requirement .
But now that Obama has to talk about our struggles -- not his own -- he 's having trouble .
Krugman could give him the ideas and the eloquence he needs .
Paul Krugman for economic czar .
Now that 's change we can believe in .
Bernard Madoff's wife withdrew $ 15.5 million from a Madoff - related brokerage firm in the weeks before Mr. Madoff was arrested , according to documents that raise questions about how much Mrs. Madoff knew about her husband 's business , now alleged to be a Ponzi scheme that he has told authorities he perpetrated alone .
The disclosure , from the securities division of the Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth , came as part of its complaint Wednesday that also offers new evidence of the close relationship between Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC and the brokerage firm , called Cohmad Securities .
Cohmad 's New York operations were ensconced within the Madoff firm , some of its employees solicited investment clients for the Madoff firm and , the complaint says , the Madoff firm was Cohmad 's main source of income .
There is no evidence in the complaint that anyone at Cohmad knew of the alleged fraud .
The documents show Mrs. Madoff withdrew $ 5.5 million on Nov. 25 and $ 10 million on Dec. 10 , the day authorities say Mr. Madoff confessed the alleged scheme to his sons and the day before his arrest .
Ira Sorkin , an attorney for both Bernard and Ruth Madoff , declined to comment , as did Irving Picard , the court - appointed trustee overseeing the Madoff firm 's liquidation .
Around 1,000 people were paid to join the queue outside the Midosuji - Suomachi branch of McDonald ’s for the release of their Quarter Pounder burger in the Kansai area on Tuesday , it was learned on Thursday .
The company has admitted to the fact that around 1,000 people who lined up on Tuesday were compensated , but claims they only made a request for consumer feedback to one of their marketing companies .
There are suspicions however that the people were employed to help promote the new product , serving a role known as " sakura " in Japanese .
It is estimated that as many as 2,000 people were lining up outside the McDonald ’s store at its peak on Tuesday , and that around 15,000 people in total visited the store during the day , setting a new record for daily sales for one of their stores .
But it was learned on Thursday that about 1,000 of the people queuing outside were paid an hourly wage of 1,000 yen and also had their purchase paid for .
These people were hired by a human resources company at the request of a marketing company commissioned by McDonald ’s Japan .
A McDonald 's Japan spokesman said : “ We wanted to know how the service and product quality were on the first day .
We did n’t know 1,000 people had been sent to the store . ”
© News reports
The only credit card that I have ever had was a Texaco card and at the time they did not charge interest at all .
When they did start to , it was that if you paid the whole amount there was no interest .
Early in life I learned to save for things I wanted .
This buy now pay later syndrome is a sickness foisted upon us .
Except for housing ,
There is likely little real reason why anyone should have to buy on credit .
Why should you need credit ?
From the advertisements I see for people to check their credit rating , it seems to be a kind of social ranking system .
They have everyone wanting to have that high score .
Right now there are lots of folks who have no money and no jobs and they are just not paying .
These companies will settle for about half of what is owed .
Otherwise they get nothing .
I say pay the principal if you can and no more .
Let them eat their exhorbitant usury rates .
The chance for a string of good trading sessions is n’t the only reason to be positive .
Cramer has found 10 noteworthy market trends , all of which popped up this week .
In a sense , a new world ’s been created in just seven days .
Well , maybe conditions are n’t that bullish .
But overly negative investors will miss what opportunities this market has to offer .
So consider the following list before completely giving up .
First reason :
The Federal Reserve is willing to do whatever ’s necessary to save this market .
Chairman Ben Bernanke and gang said as much in this week ’s meeting .
Number two :
While the U.S. may be struggling to pass a worthwhile , infrastructure - heavy stimulus plan , other countries ’ spending is already driving the market .
See : China .
Three : The Baltic Freight Index , a measure of world trade , has really taken off .
It was down heavily last year , but a turnaround is well underway thanks to Chinese demand .
Commodities like nickel and copper are up , and oil has finally bottomed , signs of growing strength in the global economy .
Numero cuatro : Again with China – that country ’s market is up 20 % so far this year .
And the Chinese economy is starting to consume mass commodities with the voracious appetite for which its known .
That will help to work off any worldwide inventories in coal , steel , copper , aluminum , as well as grains and consumer goods .
Reason five : Despite a negative outlook from Cisco Systems and State Street ’s dividend cut , both stocks finished the week up 11.3 % and 29.7 % , respectively .
If money ca n’t be made shorting such horrible news , then the market ’s already sunk too low .
Sixth : Wal - Mart Stores seemed to indicate that people are spending money again .
Seven : Reports showed that housing sales are up in markets where prices are down .
Combine that with a $ 15,000 tax credit for homebuyers , and Cramer thinks a sector bottom could still happen this year .
Number Eight :
The hedge - fund selling that hurt so many stocks is over , at least for now .
It looks like client redemptions have slowed , giving these funds a much - needed breather .
Ninth reason :
The market finally has real leadership in Apple , Research in Motion , Google and Amazon.com .
These stocks could take all stocks higher .
And lastly : UPS reported a decent quarter and announced that the transport business is n’t as bad as Wall Street thought .
Cramer looks at these transports as a major indicator of the economy ’s turn , he said , and the buying in Fed Ex and rails means that investors agree .
So while there ’s no reason to be Pollyanna just yet , Cramer thinks there ’s a case for being positive .
Cramer 's charitable trust owns Wal - Mart Stores .
Questions for Cramer ?
madmoney@cnbc.com
Questions , comments , suggestions for the Mad Money website ?
madcap@cnbc.com
The Doghouse : Singularics
This is priceless :
Our advances in Prime Number Theory have led to a new branch of mathematics called Neutronics .
Neutronic functions make possible for the first time the ability to analyze regions of mathematics commonly thought to be undefined , such as the point where one is divided by zero .
In short , we have developed a new way to analyze the undefined point at the singularity which appears throughout higher mathematics .
This new analytic technique has given us profound insight into the way that prime numbers are distributed throughout the integers .
According to RSA ’s website , there are over 1 billion licensed instances of RSA public - key encryption in use in the world today .
Each of these instances of the prime number based RSA algorithm can now be deciphered using Neutronic analysis .
Unlike RSA , Neutronic Encryption is not based on two large prime numbers but rather on the Neutronic forces that govern the distribution of the primes themselves .
The encryption that results from Singularic ’s Neutronic public - key algorithm is theoretically impossible to break .
You ’d think that anyone who claims to be able to decrypt RSA at the key lengths in use today would , maybe , um , demonstrate that at least once .
Otherwise , this can all be safely ignored as snake oil .
The founder and CTO also claims to have proved the Riemann Hypothesis , if you care to wade through the 63 - page paper .
EDITED TO ADD ( 3/30 ) : The CTO has responded to me .
Posted on February 25 , 2009 at 2:00 PM • 108 Comments
I remember when being a Photographer used to be a career
When I first started out in the industry , I ’d spend several days a month sitting in photographers ’ studios .
There was one I used so much that they used to keep a guitar for me to play when they were tinkering with the lights .
I ’d spend hours at castings , pre-production meetings , shoots and retouching .
They were magical times and I remember them very fondly .
But it feels like I have n’t done anything like that for years .
I know that it ’s partly to do with moving into a senior role – but it ’s also to do with a global change in attitude to photography .
It used to be thought of as a true craft performed by experts who instinctively understood what was going down on film .
Thanks to the ubuquity of digital photography and the instant results it gives you , that ’s no longer the case .
The mystique is gone .
The technical and mechanical knowledge is no longer an esoteric skill .
The cost of shooting images is now zilch .
And with all that – the perceived value of photography has dropped .
It ’s the age of the keen amateur now .
People are taking awesome shots and sharing them with the world .
And their motivation is n’t money , it ’s recognition .
Most of these people are happier to get a thousand views on Flickr than a thousand quid in their pocket .
And that ’s obviously affected the photography industry massively .
Over the last few years it seems that more clients and agencies are wanting to just use stock imagery instead of doing a bespoke shoot .
And thanks to the wonders of Photoshop , it ’s simpler to spend a few quid on comping stock shots together than dropping a wad to get a photographer to capture the real thing in - camera .
And things are moving in an even more frugal direction .
The commoditisation of photography has led to agencies wanting even more affordable stock imagery .
So we see developments like Getty ’s tie up with Flickr and the rise of sites like iStockphoto and ( the very ugly ) Adography .
It all makes complete economic sense .
And it ’s just another part of the quiet seismic shift that ’s been caused by digital over the last decade or so .
However , like a classic case of Yin and Yang there are plusses and minuses .
Yes , we ’re getting images faster and cheaper .
Yes , it ’s handed a previously niche artform to the masses .
Yes , it ’s given us more choice .
But at what cost ?
Well , the problem with quantity is that you lose focus on quality .
Like monkeys and typewriters , you ’re bound to get something cool if you shoot enough shit .
This is obvious on YouTube where there ’s more video than you could view in 10 lifetimes but hardly anything worth watching .
My concern is that we ’re going to lose the craft skills that were so vital when I was an advertising youngster .
I ’m a techy geek , as everyone knows , but I think we very often trust computers too much .
I ’ve seen it happen with typography – where people who ’ve never had to work with a Letraset rub - down or a Pica - rule just assume that computers get the leading and kerning right first time .
And I ’ve seen it happen with writing where people can’t spell without the red , squiggly assistance of Microsoft Word .
The basic truth is that if you use a calculator enough , you ’ll forget how to do sums in your head .
If we keep going down this road with photography , we ’ll forget all those things that made it so great .
We ’ll devolve instead of evolve .
And I fear for the loss of craft .
Am I alone here , people ?
A group of Brazilian architects have sent us these images of a conceptual , mobile gallery , designed to travel along the river Thames in London .
The project was developed for a competition organised by architectural agency Arquitectum , called London 2008 , by a team of architects made up of Victor Paixao , Miguel Felipe Muralha , Paula Sertorio , Thiago Florez , Andre Mack and Bruno Castro .
The brief was to design a mobile architecture gallery which could travel along the river and pick up visitors at several locations .
The project was awarded an honorable mention by a panel of judges chosen by the Architectural Association .
See the other winning concepts on the Arquitectum website .
Watch a video about the project here .
The text below is from the designers :
--
Two distinct elements result in an area that symbolizes the dynamics of the city and expresses the unpredictability of human occupation .
The constant lightness , transparency and visual permeability enable a relationship with the city throughout the course of the river , offering different visions and perspectives of the London landscape .
Looks get lost trying to distinguish internal and external space .
The first element is composed by a form generated by three ellipses that suggests the occupation of the spaces and allows , through the permeability of the structure , the interaction and visibility of the user from any location .
A winding and fluid space allows individual events , creates different environments , or integrates the entire space of the gallery by projections , holograms , multimedia presentations and virtual experiments , proposing not just a single focal point , but a new perceptive universe .
The second element determines the limits of the gallery and allows the maximum use of internal space .
The rigid form ensures environmental comfort .
A " switchable glass " system controls the opacity of the glass , which can be changed it to suit the needs of internal activities .
The facade may serve externally as a support for advertising and as a vehicle for digital media , reversing the perspective and bringing the attention to Thames river .
In the United States , an estimated 95 % of egg - laying hens are intensively confined in battery cages .
United Egg Producers Animal Husbandry Guidelines For U.S. Egg Laying Flocks United Egg Producers .
( 2008 Edition , published 2003 ) ..
Retrieved November 15 , 2008 .
page 1 , paragraph 6 .
As of December 2008 , about 300 million birds are confined in battery cages , almost one for every U.S. citizen .
Chickens and Eggs USDA National Agriculture Statistics Service . ( 2008 ) .. Retrieved December 16 , 2008 . page 1 .
Voluntary industry guidelines specify a minimum of 67 square inches per hen .
This is an area smaller than a standard sheet of paper .
United Egg Producers Animal Husbandry Guidelines For U.S. Egg Laying Flocks United Egg Producers .
( 2008 Edition , published 2003 ) ..
Retrieved November 15 , 2008 .
page 11 , paragraph 1 .
Like any animal , chickens are highly motivated to perform natural behaviors .
These behaviors include nesting , perching , scratching , foraging , dust - bathing , exploring , and stretching .
Caged chickens are denied all of these natural behaviors , causing them severe frustration .
An HSUS Report : A Comparison of the Welfare of Hens in Battery Cages and Alternative Systems Shields , Sara , and Ian J.H. Duncan . ( 2006 ) .. Retrieved December 18 , 2008 .
This document provides a summary of natural chicken behavior and how it is frustrated by battery cage confinement .
Battery hens suffer from serious health problems , such as respiratory disease from constant exposure to ammonia fumes and fecal dust ; osteoporosis , bone fractures , and prolapsed uteruses from being bred to lay eggs at an unnaturally high rate ; and foot disorders , sores , and injuries from contact with the cage wire in outdated cage systems .
An HSUS Report : A Comparison of the Welfare of Hens in Battery Cages and Alternative Systems
The Humane Society of the United States . ( 2008 ) .
An HSUS Report : Welfare Issues with Selective Breeding of Egg - Laying Hens for Productivity Shields , Sara , and Ian J.H. Duncan . ( 2006 ) .. Retrieved December 18 , 2008 .
This document provides a summary of diseases and health problems battery chickens suffer .
The Humane Society of the United States . ( 2008 ) .. Retrieved December 19 , 2008 .
More detail on osteoporosis and cloacal prolapse resulting from selective breeding .
As a response to the lack of foraging opportunities in the barren cage environment , chickens sometimes engage in feather - pecking of their cagemates .
So , before they are 10 days old , the ends of their beaks are seared off with hot blades .
United Egg Producers Animal Husbandry Guidelines For U.S. Egg Laying Flocks United Egg Producers .
( 2008 Edition , published 2003 ) ..
Retrieved November 15 , 2008 .
page 4 : Guidelines for beak trimming .
Beak mutilation causes acute and sometimes chronic pain .
An HSUS Report : A Comparison of the Welfare of Hens in Battery Cages and Alternative Systems Shields , Sara , and Ian J.H. Duncan . ( 2006 ) .. Retrieved December 18 , 2008 .
page 5 : " Abnormal Behavior : Cannibalism and Feather - Pecking . "
For every egg you buy , a hen will be forced to endure these conditions for over 32 hours .
Chickens and Eggs USDA National Agriculture Statistics Service . ( 2008 ) .. Retrieved December 16 , 2008 .
page 1 : Egg production for October 2008 was 2,276 eggs per 100 layers .
This is 22.76 eggs per month per bird , which translates to 32.68 hours per egg , given that October has 31 days .
Chickens are confined for about a year and a half before their ability to lay eggs declines , then they are killed .
Layers ' 99 .
Part II : Reference of 1999 Table Egg Layer Management in the U.S. USDA / Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service , Veterinary Services .
National Animal Health Monitoring System . ( 2000 ) .
Retrieved December 16 , 2008 .
page 23 : The average age of laying hens entering battery cages is 17.5 weeks .
Page 29 : The average age of laying hens at slaughter is 101.5 weeks .
101.5-17.5 = 84 weeks , or about 19 months .
Eggs are not a necessary part of a nutritious diet , and there are many healthy , affordable alternatives that make it easy to leave eggs off of your shopping list for good .
Some good egg alternatives include applesauce , bananas , commercial egg replacer powder ( such as Ener - G Egg Replacer or Bob 's Red Mill All Natural Egg Replacer ) ground flaxseed , tofu , or vinegar and baking soda .
HSUS : Endless Eggless Options
EggIndustry.com : Egg - Free Products & Recipes
About.com : Egg Substitutes
Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine : Cooking Without Eggs
For more information about how easy it is to replace eggs , see the following links :
From Eric Dash at the NY Times : Bank Test May Expand U.S. Regulators ’ Role
Nearly 100 federal banking regulators descended on Citigroup in New York on Wednesday morning .
Dozens more fanned out through Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase and other big banks across the nation .
...
[ E] xams for 18 or so of the biggest banks are set to begin immediately , and the first results could arrive within weeks .
They are not expected to be made public for every institution .
...
Regulators plan to assess the potential losses a bank could face over the next two years , rather than the typical one year ...
They are also expected to look at banks ’ exposure to derivatives and other assets normally carried off their balance sheets ...
Their assumptions will be guided on a “ worst case ” basis .
Capital Assistance Program :
While banks will be encouraged to access private markets to raise any additional capital needed to establish this buffer , a financial institution that has undergone a comprehensive “ stress test ” will have access to a Treasury provided “ capital buffer ” to help absorb losses and serve as a bridge to receiving increased private capital .
...
Firms will receive a preferred security investment from Treasury in convertible securities that they can convert into common equity if needed to preserve lending in a worse - than - expected economic environment .
This convertible preferred security will carry a dividend to be specified later and a conversion price set at a modest discount from the prevailing level of the institution ’s stock price as of February 9 , 2009 .
emphasis added
I was just making up a date for fun - this is n't an announced date
It sounds like the stress tests could be completed within " weeks " at some banks , and I think 30 days is sufficient for all 18 or so banks with $ 100 billion in assets .
The banks will probably fall into one of three categories :
No additional assistance required .
These banks will definitely want this publicized !
The banks in between that will need additional capital .
This is where the Capital Assistance Program comes in : Banks that will need to be nationalized or sold .
The NY Times article suggests that the results will not be made public for every institution , but that will just lead to rumors and speculation .
It would be better to announce the category of all 18 + banks at the same time ( in 30 days or so ) .
At that time announce the capital infusions for the category 2 banks , and the nationalization of the category 3 banks .
The sooner the better , although March 12th works for me ( 30 days from Geithner 's speech ) !
( update :
The first deep - sea webcam was successfully installed on the floor of California 's Monterey Bay Wednesday , and Wired Science brought it to you live via Twitter and Flickr .
The Eye - in - the - Sea camera will allow marine biologists Erika Raymond and Edith Widder , pictured above , to unobtrusively observe organisms in the deep ocean .
In this gallery , you can watch as the system is flawlessly installed in the bay , and within a week , you 'll be able to use their camera to peer into the deep .
" That was an extremely rare experience , something that complex working the first time , " Widder , a MacArthur " genius award " grantee and founder of the Ocean Research and Conservation Association .
" Murphy took the day off . "
The remote monitoring system will take video and various scientific readings 24 hours a day , sending them via the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute 's new undersea data network , the Monterey Accelerated Research System , aka MARS .
At a time when everywhere scientists look in the oceans , they see mounting problems , the Eye - in - the - Sea - MARS combo will provide scientists with much - needed data on how changes in shallower waters are changing the nature of the bottom of the sea .
When we arrived at the dock in Moss Landing , it was still dark , but the bay was waking up .
Seagulls flew overhead and sea lions barked in the distance .
The expedition left on the Point Lobos research vessel at 7 a.m. , just as the sun rose .
@alexismadrigal : A little good luck charm for the sailors on the MBARI boat .
Olive Oil. 7:00 AM
Usually , in order to see sea creatures , humans take manned or robotic submarines into the depths , pouring bright light into the ocean .
That scares away some animals and changes the behavior of those that are left .
The new camera , pictured at right , however , uses specially tuned red light , which most of the organisms at that depth can't see .
That could provide Widder and Raymond with fascinating information about the bioluminescent creatures of the deep .
They could — and probably will — discover wholly new organisms .
At the very least , they 'll get better data on just how many living things there are 2,800 feet below the surface .
In years past , Widder would dive in a one - woman submarine into the deep .
She 'd maneuver into position and then turn off her engines , floating in the deep .
When her craft would bump a creature , the creature would light up .
She called the experience " the most beautiful light show in the world . "
Now , that beautiful , labor - intensive and limited process will be replaced by the system that she co-designed .
To maneuver it into place , the crew attached the camera to their robotic submarine , the Ventana .
@alexismadrigal :
We have pushed into open water .
The engines roar , drowning out the gulls .
The power plant recedes .
The sun is up .
7:14 AM
The crew put the Ventana through its paces on deck .
At one point , it switched on and its camera raised up to peer at its examiners .
The trickiest part was ballasting the sub properly to carry the weight of the Eye - in - the - Sea .
They wanted a slow , steady descent .
@alexismadrigal :
The crew is loose , but this mission is going to be tough .
Someone just said , " I do n't want to hear any talk of celebrating .
Yet . "
8:44 AM
The sub is lowered into and out of the water with a crane .
First , the sub , tethered to the boat and the Eye - in - the - Sea , went in .
Curious dolphins investigated , swimming around the sub and peering into its cameras .
The team maneuvered it away from the boat and then the crane lifted the camera into the sea .
Quickly , it dropped below the sub and began its descent .
@alexismadrigal : Sub at 830 m. 50 more to go .
Dolphins off the bow ; they 're common .
The real fun is humpbacks scratching their backs on the hull , I 'm told .
10:46 AM
The control room on the Point Lobos is full of monitors displaying the live video feed from the sub 's camera .
As they lowered the camera into the deep , they pointed the camera straight down , so you can see the camera 's tether in the monitors .
@alexismadrigal : 875 meters below me , a robotic arm attached to a sub is attempting to plug a camera to a network that will send data 40 miles away .
Humans .
11:25 AM
The sub 's operators lowered the EITS to the ocean floor so softly that the sand hardly stirred .
It was a rousing success , but the team still had to unspool the orange glorified - ethernet cable and plug it into the data network .
@alexismadrigal :
The orange network cable is tied up with thin rope .
The robotic arm 's clasp looks like it 's trying to untie a shoe lace when it tugs .
12:00 PM
After carefully untying the thin rope that held the data cable in place , the team used the sub 's robotic arm to pull the connector a few dozen meters to the MARS network hub .
The plug-ins have special oil - filled chambers that clean the pins to ensure a clean connection .
The MARS hub was installed late last year , but it 's already become part of the ocean ecosystem :
Note the fish in the bottom - left .
@alexismadrigal : The Eye - in - the - Sea is hooked to the network !
One huge plug into another , all remote .
It was like watching a pro gamer , except it was real .
12:37 PM
The Eye - in - the - Sea , installed at nearly 3,000 feet of depth and illuminated from above by the submarine 's lights , lives up to its name .
@alexismadrigal :
My brain and legs are having a vigorous disagreement about whether or not I am still on a boat .
It 's like hallucinating .
8:01 PM
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
More bosses played Scrooge last month than during any December on record , as major companies kept up a steady pace of job reductions , according to outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas .
Big companies announced 166,348 layoffs in December , up 275 % from a year earlier , Challenger said Wednesday in its monthly informal survey of job cuts .
It 's the largest number of announced layoffs in any December since Challenger began tracking them in 1993 .
For all of 2008 , companies announced a total of 1.2 million job reductions , the most since 2003 and 59 % more than in 2007 .
The financial sector accounted for about a fourth of the jobs eliminated in December .
For all of 2008 , the financial services industry announced plans to cut 260,100 jobs , nearly as many as the telecommunications industry cut in 2001 and 2002 as the dot - com bubble collapsed .
The auto industry cut 127,281 jobs in 2008 , down from 158,766 eliminated in 2006 .
The report comes two days before the Labor Department reports on December 's nonfarm payrolls .
Economists surveyed by MarketWatch expect payrolls to fall 500,000 after the horrendous 533,000 loss in November .
It would be the twelfth straight month of job losses , totaling 2.4 million .
The unemployment rate is expected to rise to 7 % from 6.7 % in November and 5 % in December 2007 .
The nonscientific Challenger Gray survey covers announcements of job reductions by major companies , government agencies and nonprofit organizations .
The figures , which are n't seasonally adjusted , represent only a small fraction of the workers who lose their jobs each month .
In October , for instance , a total of 1.9 million workers were let go , representing about 1.4 % of total employment , according to the latest available data from the Labor Department .
By comparison , 2.1 million people quit their jobs voluntarily in October .
The layoff announcements as tracked by Challenger Gray could take place immediately or over time .
The reductions could be accomplished by voluntary means such as retirements , buyouts or workers leaving for other jobs , and they could be offset by hiring in other divisions of a company .
Current B.C. liquor laws do not make sense at all unless you have some sense of their history and development from the time of prohibition ( which is now approaching a century ago ! ) .
Pre-Prohibition Era
In BC 's earliest " wild west " days , there was no regulation over the liquor business at all .
Bars and saloons were major features of the larger cities such as Vancouver and Victoria .
Many were open 24 hours a day , 7 days per week .
During this era , it was perceived that there was a substantial problem of maintaining public order as a result of unregulated drinking and drunkenness .
...
In the early 1900s , a number of organizations ( many of them religious ) started to lobby on behalf of temperance and .
some more aggressively , for prohibition .
These groups believed that liquor was basically sinful , dangerous and counter - productive to the orderly functioning of society .
These groups made little or no distinction between the various types of liquor .
Wine ( and beer ) was lumped in with spirits such as whisky , vodka and gin .
All were considered under the general rubric of liquor and thought to be harmful .
These attitudes stand in stark contrast to the view of wine in other parts of the world such as Europe where , for hundreds of years , wine has been considered to be a healthy , harmless adjunct to a civilized meal .
For example , Ernest Hemingway commented :
In Europe we thought of wine as something as healthy and normal as food and also a great giver of happiness and well being and delight .
Drinking wine was not a snobbism nor a sign of sophistication nor a cult ; it was as natural as eating and to me as necessary .
At the outbreak of the First World War , the temperance movements started lobbying harder and linked the war to temperance , arguing that a minor sacrifice of prohibition would assist the war effort .
These groups became stronger during this time and started to exert strong political influence .
Similar arguments were being made in the United States .
Prohibition Referendum
In 1916 , the B.C. Government introduced a bill setting the stage for a referendum on prohibition ( only men could vote at that time ) .
The whole issue was extremely controversial , particularly to those of European origin who considered wine to be an integral part of the meals and their life .
The referendum was eventually held and prohibition was approved becoming effective in B.C. on October 1 , 1917 .
However , the Provincial Government did not have the constitutional power to deal with matters of inter-provincial trade ( which is under federal jurisdiction ) so the initial ban on liquor was simply inconvenient : citizens could simply order liquor from another province or from outside the country .
However , in March 1918 , under pressure from the provinces , the Federal Government eventually banned the inter - provincial trade of liquor into any province that was under prohibition .
This stopped the legal flow of liquor into B.C.
At this point , Canada came the closest it ever had to national prohibition .
All provinces except Quebec had implemented some form of prohibition at this time .
Prohibition was a Disaster
In British Columbia ( and elsewhere ) , prohibition was an utter failure .
Citizens who could afford to simply stocked up before the ban came into effect .
Others purchased liquor from bootleggers who quickly jumped in to satisfy an insatiable demand .
The saloons and bars did not close ... they stayed open serving " near beer " ( about 1 % alcohol ) which was unregulated ... however , behind the bar , there were frequently unmarked containers of illegal alcohol which was often brazenly served to whomever wanted it .
The policing costs of the ban were extremely high .
The Prohibition Commissioner himself fell victim to the profits of bootlegging and was arrested and charged , serving time in jail .
There was an exemption for liquor purchased for medicinal reasons which could be obtained from government stores or from drug stores .
This loophole served to be a gigantic one : during 1919 alone , 181,000 prescriptions were written by the province 's doctors at $ 2 each .
The government which now found itself in the " medicinal liquor " business sold over $ 1.5 million of liquor in 1919 .
In 1920 , the U.S. adopted national prohibition which added a huge export market to the bootleggers ' business .
Worst of all , the prohibition laws were generally disregarded , reducing respect for the law in general and making criminals out of otherwise honest citizens .
What Were We Thinking ?
By early 1920 , it was clear that the experiment with prohibition was a shambles and was extremely unpopular .
In April 1920 , the provincial government was desperate to find a way out of the mess and ordered a new referendum to try and create an alternative .
A compromise was adopted and the new referendum question posed a choice : do you want to continue with prohibition as it stands or would you rather have a new system of government control over the liquor business .
It was thought that the latter choice would pass because it would appeal to those more stridently in favour of the resumption of liquor sales and also to those who wanted regulation and control .
The government control option won handily with almost a 2 to 1 margin ( only Chilliwack and Richmond voted in favour of keeping prohibition ) .
In this regard , BC was ahead of its time : it was the first province to adopt a system of government control over the liquor business .
However , in the following year , Quebec and the Yukon also adopted such systems - the rest of Canada stayed dry .
Depression and Revenue
By now , the depression was in full force and revenue pressures were facing all levels of government .
In 1921 , the provincial government introduced liquor control legislation which would give the government control over liquor sales .
Dismal government liquor stores opened where all product was securely hidden behind the counter and customers were required to go through multiple steps before being given their " precious " beer , wine or liquor .
The government spoke as if control was more important than revenue but in 1922 liquor revenue provided the government with 13.8 % of its general revenue which was to rise to 22.7 % by 1930 .
However , government control was more theoretical than actual as the bootlegging business carried on unabashed , continuing to provide its largest customer , the U.S. , with liquor and by undercutting the prices in the bleak new government liquor stores .
In addition , the federal law which had cut off liquor to prohibition provinces no longer applied since prohibition was gone ... as a result , citizens could once again order liquor from outside the province for personal use .
Bars and restaurants were not legally permitted to sell liquor at this time but " beer clubs " flourished along with other illegal establishments .
The clubs had initial success with various court challenges and the liquor system was only somewhat more regulated than it had been before .
Bars and Beer By the Glass
The government sought more control over the system and wanted to legitimize social drinking establishments .
The solution was thought to be a " beer by the glass " plebiscite under which licensed drinking establishments would return .
Unfortunately , the government miscalculated and the plebiscite was narrowly defeated province wide ( but was approved sometimes by large margins in cities such as Vancouver ) .
This result created more problems and political pressure .
Eventually , despite the overall defeat , the government moved to let local control prevail and permitted " beer by the glass " establishments in local areas where they had been approved .
Beer parlours then opened but had bizarre LCB rules .
They were deadly dull .
No form of entertainment or music was allowed .
No food was allowed ( ??? ) .
Patrons had to remain seated and had to be served by male waiters .
To start with men only were served but with no apparent legal authority for this , the LCB backed off and by 1927 , women were also permitted but only in a separate room from the men .
This is why you still see some old bar entrances which have separate doors for men and women !
LCB Problems
During these times , the LCB and government was under a cloud of suspicion .
The issuance of liquor licenses seemed to go to well connected political insiders and it was thought that to get a liquor license , you had to contribute large sums to the right people .
Various investigations took place and the governments had a difficult time maintaining an illusion of fair and responsible control .
End of the Decade - End of Liquor Imports and Victory of Government Control
By the end of the 1920s , a few important developments had taken place .
In 1928 , the federal government , under pressure from the U.S. ( still under prohibition ) and a government report on excise taxes , finally acted and stopped the inter - provincial trade in liquor .
This ended the personal use import exemption and citizens could no longer import liquor from outside the province .
The law that did this is the Importation of Intoxicating Liquors
Act which is the very same law that is still on the books today and which still gives control over the liquor business to the provincial governments .
Effectively , the federal government passed the buck to the provinces and gave them the power to create whatever regulations they wanted since all inter- provincial trade was cut off unless it went through the provincial government 's liquor agency .
It is a direct result of this prohibition era law that we still have government control of the liquor business in BC today .
In addition , by this time , all of the provinces except PEI had switched from prohibition to government control .
U.S. Prohibition
Prohibition in the U.S. was also a well - known failure and by the early 30s even its earlier supporters had changed their minds .
For example , John Rockefeller said the following :
When Prohibition was introduced , I hoped that it would be widely supported by public opinion and the day would soon come when the evil effects of alcohol would be recognized .
I have slowly and reluctantly come to believe that this has not been the result .
Instead , drinking has generally increased ; the speakeasy has replaced the saloon ; a vast army of lawbreakers has appeared ; many of our best citizens have openly ignored Prohibition ; respect for the law has been greatly lessened ; and crime has increased to a level never seen before .
Nevertheless , prohibition in the U.S. continued in force in the U.S. until 1933 when the 21st Amendment to the Constitution took a similar tact to that in Canada by giving the power to the individual states to regulate the liquor business .
However , the end of prohibition was controversial in the U.S. and the state by state approach was used primarily so that some states could retain prohibition .
In fact , Mississippi did not end its state prohibition until 1966 .
Current Attitude and Approach
The rationale of control was adopted in 1920 following the failed experiment with prohibition .
At that time , all liquor was viewed together - spirits , wine , beer - everything was considered as liquor , a product that was inherently fraught with peril and danger and which needed to be controlled .
In the early years of government control , and as noted above , the restrictions on liquor were intense .
Bleak liquor stores doled out the precious product .
Dismal beer parlours were permitted but only with arcane rules and restrictions which severely limited any type of enjoyment or socializing .
Of course , this rational is now almost 100 years old and flowed directly from prohibition .
Today , one would think that we might have moved on and discarded these old and now largely discredited theories , particularly in regards to wine .
I 'll quote Hemingway again :
Wine is one of the most civilized things in the world and one of the most natural things of the world that has been brought to the greatest perfection , and it offers a greater range for enjoyment and appreciation than , possibly , any other purely sensory thing .
However , BC 's current liquor laws are historical antecedents of the control regime .
The control rationale was implemented so severely that it has taken decades for the various rules to be changed or removed .
For example , it was only in the 1980s ( more than sixty years after prohibition ) that we permitted liquor sales on Sundays .
The acceptance of credit cards in liquor stores is relatively recent .
Private liquor stores are relatively recent .
The ability to order a drink without a meal is relatively recent .
All of these strange rules stem from the control mentality .
With the plethora of recent studies indicating that moderate consumption of wine is actually extremely good for you , one might think that we would , at the very least , have separated out wine from the control mentality on the rest of " liquor " .
However , wine is still firmly lumped in with liquor on nearly all of BC 's laws .
The bureaucracy of control in the form of the LCB and LDB remains in place ( although the LDB , the retail side , has obviously been transformed into a modern retail operation ) .
However , on the government side , modernization of the structure and particularly the laws has been slow in coming .
This is likely because control has given way to another rationale : revenue .
While there would seem to be little public policy reason for the government to remain in the retail liquor business ( given that there are now also private stores almost everywhere ) , the government now relies on the revenue which the LDB stores generate .
The LDB now provides the government with over $ 800 million annually which goes into general revenue .
This is separate and apart from the sales tax revenue that liquor generates .
Any changes to the liquor system in BC will now have to face the daunting task of how to maintain that revenue or provide alternate compensation for it .
For further reading on this topic , you may wish to read Robert A. Campbell , Demon Rum or Easy Money : Government Control of Liquor in British Columbia from Prohibition to Privatization ( Ottawa : Carleton University Press , 1991 ) ... now out of print but in libraries around Vancouver .
BARCELONA – The Catalunya government has called off the ceremony marking the International Holocaust Remembrance Day , which was scheduled to take place on January 27 , citing the Israeli offensive in Gaza as the reason .
The Gaza campaign has inflamed the already pro-Palestinian public opinion in the northeastern Spanish region , and the local media has run endless stories comparing the Israeli stance on the situation in the Strip to Nazi atrocities .
Support World Jewish Congress to stand by Israel Ynetnews
Over 400 representatives of Jewish communities from all continents , international Jewish organizations expected to attend WJC's 13th Plenary Assembly on January 26 - 27 in Jerusalem World Jewish Congress to stand by Israel
Over 30,000 people marched in Catalunya 's streets in support of Hamas , during the three - week campaign , burning Israeli flags and handing out flyers threatening local pro-Israel journalists .
The overwhelming public support for the Palestinians has prompted the government to cancel the Holocaust Remembrance Day service .
This was to be the only public event marking the day , and was scheduled to take place in Barcelona 's central piazza .
" Marking the Jewish Holocaust while a Palestinian Holocaust is taking place is not right , " a local City official told Barcelona 's La Vanguardia newspaper .
' Comparison a distortion of history '
Rafael Shutz , the Israeli ambassador to Madrid , sent a letter to President of the Government of Catalunya José Montilla Aguilera , expressing his concern over the flaring anti-Israeli and anti-Semitic sentiments sweeping through his region .
Meanwhile , other European countries have also compared Israel 's actions in Operation Cast Lead to those of Nazi Germany : A Norwegian diplomat stationed in Saudi Arabia sent a mass - distributed email stating that " the grandchildren of Holocaust survivors are doing the same thing to the Palestinians , as the Nazis did to their grandparents , " using her official Norwegian Foreign Ministry address .
In Germany , the Neo - Nazi National Democratic Party ( NPD - Nationaldemokratische Partei Deutschlands ) announced it would be mounting a protest march in Berlin on January 27 , under the banner of " Stop the Israeli Holocaust in the Gaza Strip . "
Avner Shalev , head of the Yad Vashem Holocaust museum , admonished both the comparison and the use of Nazi symbols in many of the anti-Gaza operation protests around the world .
" These comparisons are a manipulative distortion of history , " he said , adding that the Holocaust would be best left out of the contemporary political discourse .
#contrib.soaplib.serializer.py from soaplib.serializers.clazz import ClassSerializer class BaseClassSerializer ( ClassSerializer ) : '''
Helper class to convert django model into soaplib model Constructor read from django model , custom dict , and permit to override parameters using kwargs .
Example : #modelsws.py from contrib.soaplib.serializer import BaseClassSerializer from soaplib.serializers.primitive import * class WsComment ( BaseClassSerializer ) : class types : content = String rating = Integer ratingText = String class WsBlog( BaseClassSerializer ) : class types : title = String subtitle = String pub_date = DateTime replay_to = String content = String comments = Array ( WsComment ) #views.py from contrib.soaplib.handler import DjangoSoapApp , soapmethod , soap_types from foo . models import Blog from foo.wsmodels import WsBlog from foo.wsmodels import WsComment class BlogService ( DjangoSoapApp ) : __tns__ = ' http://ws.javapress.org/blog/' @soapmethod(_returns=soap_types.Array( WsBlog ) ) def get_blogs ( self ) : blogs = Blog.objects.all ( ) results = [ ] for blog in blogs : comments = [ ] for comment in blog.comment_set.all( ) : comments.append( WsComment( comment , ratingText=comment.ratingText ( ) ) ) b = WsBlog ( blog , comments=comments ) results.append ( b ) return results blog_service = BlogService ( ) #urls.py urlpatterns = patterns ('' , ( r ' ^blog / ' , ' foo.views.blog_service ' ) , ( r'^blog/service.wsdl ' , ' foo.views.blog_service ' ) , ) ''' def __init__ ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : super ( BaseClassSerializer , self ) . __init__ ( ) # for each args read attributes and update wsobjcet for source in args : if isinstance ( source , dict ) : self .
__dict__ .
update ( source ) else : # if arg is not an dict , take his dict self .
__dict__ .
update ( source .
__dict__ ) # update object also with kwargs self .
__dict__ .
update ( kwargs )
The souls ...
the places ...
the sound , sight and smell .
These are the many faces of Rajasthan .
Rajasthan is like no other .
This gallery is dedicated to MR .
SANJAY GOSWAMI ,
one of Rajasthan 's top fashion photographers .
Thanks for guiding us around your beautiful Rajasthan .
Please come back for updates .
Manuel Libres Librodo Jr .
Lambunao , Iloilo , Philippines
Spelling Bee & Letter Boxed / Tiles / Vertex / Sudoku / SET / KENKEN
Spelling Bee & Letter Boxed
1 . Where can I find the answers to the daily digital Spelling Bee puzzle ?
For daily digital Spelling Bee puzzles , the full word list becomes available the next day .
To view the previous day ’s puzzle answers , select Yesterday .
2 . Where can I find the answers to the version of the Spelling Bee puzzle printed in The Times Magazine ?
For the print version , answers are posted at 10 pm the Thursday after a variety puzzle runs in The Times Magazine .
3 . Is the digital daily Spelling Bee puzzle different from the Spelling Bee in The Times Magazine ?
Yes .
The daily digital Spelling Bee puzzle is not the same puzzle that you find in The New York Times Magazine .
It ’s available only to NYT Games subscribers .
Additionally , the daily digital Spelling Bee puzzle uses different letters , allows you to find four - letter words , and utilizes a slightly different scoring system
4 . When is the daily digital Spelling Bee puzzle released ?
New daily digital Spelling Bee puzzles are released every day at 3 am Eastern Standard Time ( EST ) .
5 . Why is n't every word in Spelling Bee ?
Every Spelling
Bee puzzle is hand - curated to focus on relatively common words ( with a couple tough ones here and there to keep it challenging ) .
Occasionally we 'll miss some common words and add them in , but our puzzle editors ultimately draw from our internal lexicon and make the call for what 's best with that day 's puzzle .
The key word here is ' common ' .
We just removed words from Spelling Bee that we believe are not common enough , despite them being defined words , in order to maintain a level - field for all of our solvers .
We also try to avoid terms that are very specific to any professional field , such as terms that might be familiar to , for example , a physician , ornithologist or geologist , but not to people outside of that field of expertise .
6. Do Letter Boxed and Spelling Bee use the same word list ?
Letter Boxed is based on words in the Oxford University Press English Dictionary .
Spelling
Bee has a separate curated word list that strives to incorporate commonly used words , with a couple challenging words from time to time .
7 . How can I access Spelling Bee , Letter Boxed , and / or Tiles ?
Spelling Bee , Letter Boxed , and Tiles are only available to NYT Games paid subscribers .
A new puzzle is made available each day at 3 am ET .
The easiest way to access Spelling Bee and Letter Boxed is from the NYT Games website , or by bookmarking the direct links here :
Spelling Bee
Letter Boxed
Tiles
8. Can I access Spelling Bee , Letter Boxed , Tiles , or Vertex from The Crossword app ?
While Spelling Bee , Letter Boxed , Tiles , and Vertex are not included in The Crossword app we can help you create a desktop icon on your phone that will provide you an app - like experience by taking the following steps :
On iOS :
Go to nytimes.com / puzzles / spelling - bee in Safari Select the share icon at the bottom of the screen Scroll down and tap Add to Home Screen
On Android :
Go to nytimes.com / puzzles / spelling - bee in Chrome Tap the Menu button ( either below the screen on some devices or at top right corner of browser ) Tap Page Then tap Add Page Shortcut
The same process can be done for :
Letter Boxed ( nytimes.com/puzzles/letter-boxed )
Tiles ( nytimes.com/puzzles/tiles )
Vertex ( nytimes.com/puzzles/vertex )
Crossword ( nytimes.com/crosswords )
If you 've purchased your NYT Games subscription through iTunes or Google Play , be sure you 've created an account with the NYTimes within the app ; then you can log into the URL using the same ID and password for Spelling Bee and we 'll recognize you have access .
Tiles
1 . Do I need a subscription to play Tiles ?
No .
Tiles is free to play .
2. I played Tiles today , why wo n’t it let me play again ?
Each day you are given a fixed amount of plays .
Each time you play
Tiles you spend 1 play .
Plays are replenished each night at midnight EST .
Registering for free gives you additional plays .
Or , if you purchase a NYT Games subscription , you will be granted an unlimited number of plays .
3 . Why are the colors and shapes different today ?
The tile set used to generate the game rotates each day .
Subscribers can choose their preferred color palette by clicking Settings and choosing from the available options in the dropdown menu .
4 . What is Zen Mode ?
In Zen Mode , tiles will replenish as they are cleared , allowing for infinite play .
You must be subscribed to NYT Games to access Zen Mode .
Also in Zen Mode , combos can eventually break since there may not always be a match for the tile you have selected .
Vertex
1 . How do I clear connections between vertices ?
You can clear a vertex ’s connections by double - clicking or double - tapping on a dot .
2. I connected all the vertices .
Why is nothing happening ?
If the triangles you have formed are not filling in with color , they are incorrectly connected .
Clear them out and try again .
When you see color , you ’re on the right track !
3 . Do I have to play the tutorial every time ?
There is a button at the top of the screen to skip the tutorial , however , the starter pack can not be skipped .
Sudoku
1 . How can I access Sudoku ?
Sudoku is a daily puzzle that can be played for free without a subscription .
You can access Sudoku from the NYT Games website or by bookmarking the direct link : https://www.nytimes.com/puzzles/sudoku/easy
SET & KENKEN
How can I access SET and KENKEN ?
SET and KENKEN are no longer supported on our platform as of July 1st , 2020 .
KenKen will still be available daily in The New York Times newspaper and you can still play KenKen and Set directly on the third party site for each game .
SET
KENKEN
We encourage you to check out NYT Games ' other offerings such as Spelling Bee , Vertex , and Tiles on the NYT Games website .
ACLU Wins 10 - Year Legal Battle To Protect Free Speech
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON – In a clear victory for free speech , the Supreme Court has announced that it will not hear the government 's appeal of a ban on the Child Online Protection Act ( COPA ) , the federal law that would criminalize constitutionally protected speech on the Internet .
Lower courts have rejected the law as unconstitutional and it has not gone into effect in the 10 years since it was passed .
In 2004 , the Supreme Court upheld an injunction against the law on the grounds that it violated the First Amendment .
The American Civil Liberties Union first challenged COPA on behalf of a broad coalition of writers , artists and health educators who use the Internet to communicate constitutionally protected speech .
The following can be attributed to Chris Hansen , senior staff attorney for the ACLU and lead counsel on the case :
" For over a decade the government has been trying to thwart freedom of speech on the Internet , and for years the courts have been finding the attempts unconstitutional .
It is not the role of the government to decide what people can see and do on the Internet .
Those are personal decisions that should be made by individuals and their families . "
The following can be attributed to Steven R. Shapiro , Legal Director of the ACLU :
" The Court 's decision not to review COPA for a third time affirms what we have been saying all along – the government has no right to censor protected speech on the Internet , and it cannot reduce adults to hearing and seeing only speech that the government considers suitable for children . "
Attorneys on the case are Hansen , Aden Fine , Ben Wizner and Catherine Crump of the ACLU , Katharine Marshall with the law firm Kobre and Kim LLP , and Christopher Harris and Jeroen van Kwawegen with the law firm Latham and Watkins .
A video featuring Chris Hansen discussing COPA is online at : www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vNwEfOrbbo
More information about the case is available online at : www.aclu.org/copa
In a well publicized and attended protest , Andrew Carroll held a small piece of marijuana near downtown Keene .
His purpose was to illustrate in person how just holding a plant can draw unprovoked violence and kidnapping from government , an organization claiming to “ serve and protect ” the common man .
Approximately 20 minutes after his protest began , Keene police officers showed up , and took Andrew away in handcuffs for “ unlawful possession of marijuana . ”
After being held by police for about an hour , he was released with a court date to enter a plea on a class B misdemeanor .
That court date is on March 3rd , at 8:30 am in the Keene District Court .
There is less than 2 weeks until then , and Andrew agreed to an interview to answer some questions about the upcoming day .
While he will be attending his hearing , and possible trial , Andrew says he will not be preparing any legal defense , and says “ Any statement I make in my defense will be a moral one ; I wo n’t argue legally because I ’m clearly guilty of a crime . ”
For more information , see Andrew ’s interview below .
12 Freaky Fetish Museums
12 Freaky Fetish Museums
Do n’t bother with regular , stuffy , old museums full of rotting bones , boring rocks and paintings by dead Europeans .
Instead , expand your mind with the fascinating wonders of odd socks , carrots , and land mammal genitalia .
Come and take a mind - blowing tour of some of the most freakishly weird museums in the world .
12 . The Museum of Bad Art
Location : Dedham , MA
Website : www.museumofbadart.org
There are thousands of museums dedicated to artists like Van Gough , Picasso , and Da Vinci , but what about those who have no talent ?
The Museum of Bad Art , held at the Dedham Community Theater , proudly showcases terrible works of ‘ art ’ created by the talentless , the colorblind , and those suffering from hand tremors .
If you ’ve never been able to color in the lines , you ’ve now found a place that will happily display a portrait of your cat , Peter the Kitty .
Is he hungry or contemplating his place in a hungry world ?
So profound .
11 . The Museum of Odd Socks
Location : Virtual
Website : www.socknitters.com/museum.htm
Although this museum is certainly not comprehensive , it does n’t disappoint on its name .
The Museum of Odd Socks proudly displays various lonely socks created by sockknitters ‘ round the globe .
With names like Ugly Midget , The Toeless Wonder and Unspun Hero , it becomes pretty obvious each odd sock has an extraordinary tale to tell .
But what of the whereabouts of the missing socks or the legendary tale of the dryer thief ?
Sadly , the Museum of Odd Socks gives us no answers , only more questions .
A classic spiral tube sock inexplicably called ‘ My Dog ’ .
10 . The Erotic Museum
Location : Paris , France
Website : www.musee-erotisme.com
If you ’ve ever dreamed of a place that houses every sexually lewd , crude , giggle - inducing , taboo piece of erotic art , The Erotic Museum in Paris is for you .
From satirical to serious , historic and modern views of sex are portrayed through statues , sculptures , paintings , and more .
The museum has seven floors available for viewing pleasure , all devoted to the miracle of making babies .
Erotic smurf art perhaps ?
9 . The Torture Museum
Location : Amsterdam , The Netherlands
Website : www.torturemuseum.nl
For the masochist in us all , the Torture Museum offers an exhilarating glimpse into the painful , ancient methods of human torture and torment .
It delivers a very painful , stomach - turning experience and it ’s not recommended as part of a family vacation itinerary .
The ‘ Skull Cracker ’
8. Virtual Banana Museum
Location : Auburn , Washington
Website : www.bananamuseum.com
They ’re going bananas over at the Virtual Banana Museum !
Anna ‘ Banana ’ , apparently a longtime scholar of banana consciousness , has created an entire virtual museum as well as an antique store dedicated to what she calls “ the perfect fruit – the BANANA ” .
From books , pictures , and banana factoids to questionable Tupperware and frightening toys , this museum is undoubtedly and insanely dedicated to the banana .
Ok , so maybe it really is the most popular fruit in America , but that ’s still no excuse .
mmm , deliciously crazy .
7. World Carrot Museum
Location : Virtual
Website : www.carrotmuseum.co.uk
Now that you ’ve had your fill of fruit , why not have some veggies at the World Carrot Museum ?
Another example of someone ’s favorite food turned freaky fetish , the Carrot Museum offers a bowl full a fun with carrot art , carrot musical instruments , and medical advice that has not been verified by a real doctor .
Who could ask for more ?
Ok , so this guy is actually pretty cool , but the museum still sucks .
6. Toilet Museum
Location : Virtual
Website : www.toiletmuseum.com
While most of us think of our toilets as nothing more than a place to drop a load , there is one special place where the toilet is cherished as the porcelain throne it really is – the Toilet Museum .
Dubbed as “ a roadside attraction on the information highway , dedicated to toilets - in - art ” , you can find out more than you ’ve ever wanted to know about the john , the loo , the crapper , or the can .
Let Col.
Chris
Hatfield take you on an out - of - this - world exploration of space toilets or catch up on the zany antics of Xena , the Turd Burglar .
It ’s a whirlpool of fun at the Toilet Museum .
It ’s true !
5. Paris Sewers Museum
Location : Paris , France
Website : www.paris.org/Musees/Egouts/info.html
Naturally , after finding out all there is to know at the Toilet Museum , this one should be next on your list .
The Paris Sewer Museum , which is dedicated entirely to the sewer system of Paris , gives you an up close and personal view of where yesterday ’s burrito went after you flushed .
Although the sewer system in Paris is one of the most sophisticated in the world , pictures would still do it justice without spending an afternoon smelling human waste .
See , we ’re learning without burning our nostrils .
4. Toaster Museum
Location : Virtual
Website : www.toaster.org
Q : Do people want to tour an online Toaster Museum ?
A : No .
Apparently , the reason for such a place is that the toaster offers an “ unique opportunity to gather some fascinating artifacts from the 20th Century … and they simply uplift one ’s spirits ! ” .
So basically these guys are saying the toaster gives us an insight into the industrial design and cultural trends of the 20th century .
Oh , and they make us really happy .
That ’s an awful lot for a small kitchen appliance to live up to .
Forget insulin , forget landing on the moon .
This is our greatest achievement .
3. Museum of Parasitology
Location : Tokyo , Japan
Website : kiseichu.org/english.aspx
No , that ’s not some class you skipped in college .
The Museum of Parasitology , located in Tokyo , is devoted to the research and education of parasites .
Excuse me for a moment while I try and relax the gag building in my throat .
* Ahem *
The museum curators ask one simple question .
What images come to mind when you hear the term “ parasite ” ?
Perhaps images that inspire fear or make you feel sick in your stomach ?
In one word , yes .
If your stomach is churning at the thought of intestinal tapeworms , scabies , crabs , and anything else that wants to burrow into the body , then leave this off the list .
Do n’t be afraid , I ’m just misunderstood .
2. Icelandic Phallological Museum
Location : Húsavík , Iceland
Website : www.ismennt.is/not/phallus/ens.htm
Do you know what Phallological means ?
( Hint – phallus ) .
That ’s right , the Icelandic Phallological Museum is the only museum in the world devoted entirely to male genitals .
Their collection contains over one hundred penises and penile parts of most Icelandic land and sea mammals .
In addition to the biological section of the museum , there is also a collection of oddments and other practical utensils related to penises .
For more info , check out the frightening images on the site .
Beautiful , is n’t it ?
1. Museum of Menstruation
Location : Virtual
Website : www.mum.org
The Museum of Menstruation definitely trumps all other weird museums .
There are really no words to describe some of the horrors this place offers .
Clothing made from menstruation cups , slippers made from pads , vivid art , expressions such as “ uterine jihad ” , and for some unsettling reason , a section dedicated to cats .
Available in Men and Woman sizes .
The number of civilians killed in the war in Afghanistan increased by 40 % last year to a record 2,118 people , the UN said in a report today .
The research also showed 829 people were killed by US , Nato and Afghan forces , an increase of more than 30 % year - on - year .
Militants were responsible for 1,160 deaths , or 55 % of the total , it said .
Campaign groups claim that 2008 marked the deadliest year in Afghanistan since the Taliban were deposed , and that ordinary Afghans have paid far too high a price .
Civilian deaths have been a huge source of friction between the US and the ­Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , who has demanded western troops avoid killing civilians during operations .
The US and Afghan militaries announced plans this month to increase the number of Afghans taking part in US operations , a step aimed at reducing civilian deaths .
The UN 's annual report on the protection of civilians noted that despite new battlefield rules designed to reduce civilian casualties , western and Afghan troops killed 31 % more civilians in 2008 than in 2007 – the UN claims 629 civilians were killed by Nato and Afghan forces .
" As the conflict has intensified , it is taking an increasingly heavy toll on civilians , " the UN said .
Militants increasingly rely on roadside bombs , car bombs and suicide bombers – attacks that are " frequently undertaken regardless of the impact on civilians " , the report said .
But US , Nato and Afghan operations also have led to rise in civilian casualties , " notwithstanding efforts to implement policies and procedures to minimise the impact of their operations on civilians " , the report said .
About 130 deaths could not be accounted for because of issues such as crossfire .
A US - based group that pushes for the rights of civilians in conflict zones said in a new report today that " the lack of a clear , coordinated strategy to address civilian losses has been a leading source of anger and resentment towards military forces " in Afghanistan .
" The international coalition in Afghanistan is losing public support , one fallen ­civilian at a time , " Civic ( The Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict ) , said .
The US military and other members of the Nato - led force in Afghanistan make some condolence payments to the families of civilians accidentally killed .
But Civic said that a " significant number " of families receive no help from international forces and that anger is especially strong when no help is provided .
" Every family with losses not recognised and addressed is another obstacle to Afghanistan 's stabilisation and development , " the report said .
The Civic report urged the Pentagon to create a position to address civilian casualties , and it said the Nato - led force in Afghanistan should have a coordinated response to provide compensation payments to the families of victims .
" Trust me , though , you need to know what you doing and our relationship is one that has built up over the last six years .
Jamu wo n't just let anyone touch him the way I do .
Continuous Deployment at IMVU : Doing the impossible fifty times a day .
I recently wrote a post on Continuous Deployment : deploying code changes to production as rapidly as possible .
The response on news .
ycombinator was , well …
“ Maybe this is just viable for a single developer … your site will be down .
A lot . ” - akronim
“ It seems like the author either has no customers or very understanding customers … I somehow doubt the author really believes what he ’s writing there . ” - moe
… not exactly what I was expecting .
Quite the contrast to the reactions of my coworkers who read the post and thought “ yeah ?
what ’s the big deal ? ”
Surprising how quickly you can forget the problems of yesterday , even if you invested most of yourself into solving them .
Continuous Deployment is n’t just an abstract theory .
At IMVU it ’s a core part of our culture to ship .
It ’s also not a new technique here , we ’ve been practicing continuous deployment for years ; far longer than I ’ve been a member of this startup .
It ’s important to note that system I ’m about to explain evolved organically in response to new demands on the system and in response to post - mortems of failures .
Nobody gets here overnight , but every step along the way has made us better developers .
The high level of our process is dead simple : Continuously integrate ( commit early and often ) .
On commit automatically run all tests .
If the tests pass deploy to the cluster .
If the deploy succeeds , repeat .
Our tests suite takes nine minutes to run ( distributed across 30 - 40 machines ) .
Our code pushes take another six minutes .
Since these two steps are pipelined that means at peak we ’re pushing a new revision of the code to the website every nine minutes .
That ’s 6 deploys an hour .
Even at that pace we ’re often batching multiple commits into a single test / push cycle .
On average we deploy new code fifty times a day .
So what magic happens in our test suite that allows us to skip having a manual Quality Assurance step in our deploy process ?
The magic is in the scope , scale and thoroughness .
It ’s a thousand test files and counting .
4.4 machine hours of automated tests to be exact .
Over an hour of these tests are instances of Internet Explorer automatically clicking through use cases and asserting on behaviour , thanks to Selenium .
The rest of the time is spent running unit tests that poke at classes and functions and running functional tests that make web requests and assert on results .
Buildbot running our tests sharded across 36 machines .
Great test coverage is not enough .
Continuous Deployment requires much more than that .
Continuous Deployment means running all your tests , all the time .
That means tests must be reliable .
We ’ve made a science out of debugging and fixing intermittently failing tests .
When I say reliable , I do n’t mean “ they can fail once in a thousand test runs . ”
I mean “ they must not fail more often than once in a million test runs . ”
We have around 15 k test cases , and they ’re run around 70 times a day .
That ’s a million test cases a day .
Even with a literally one in a million chance of an intermittent failure per test case we would still expect to see an intermittent test failure every day .
It may be hard to imaginewriting rock solid one - in - a - million - or - better tests that drive Internet Explorer to click ajax frontend buttons executing backend apache , php , memcache , mysql , java and solr .
I am writing this blog post to tell you that not only is it possible , it ’s just one part of my day job .
Back to the deploy process , nine minutes have elapsed and a commit has been greenlit for the website .
The programmer runs the imvu_push script .
The code is rsync’d out to the hundreds of machines in our cluster .
Load average , cpu usage , php errors and dies and more are sampled by the push script , as a basis line .
A symlink is switched on a small subset of the machines throwing the code live to its first few customers .
A minute later the push script again samples data across the cluster and if there has been a statistically significant regression then the revision is automatically rolled back .
If not , then it gets pushed to 100 % of the cluster and monitored in the same way for another five minutes .
The code is now live and fully pushed .
This whole process is simple enough that it ’s implemented by a handfull of shell scripts .
The point is that Continuous Deployment is real .
It works and it scales up to large clusters , large development teams and extremely agile environments .
And if you ’re still wondering if we are a company that “ has no customers ” , I ’d like to refer you to our million dollar a month revenue mohawks .
Timothy Fitz
It 's safe to say that humans are smarter than animals , but a University of Iowa researcher is investigating the extent of that disparity in intelligence .
And , it may not be as great a gap as you suspect , according to UI psychologist Ed Wasserman , who presents his findings at the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) meeting February 12 in Chicago .
One cognitive capacity that is vital to human intelligence is the ability to determine whether two or more items are the same or different - a skill the famous American psychologist William James called the very " backbone " of our thinking .
If you have two pennies in your left hand and a nickel and a dime in your right hand , then you can correctly report that the two coins in your left hand are the " same " and that the two coins in your right hand are " different . "
You can also make similar judgments with any collection of items .
Wasserman 's research shows that baboons and pigeons can do that , too .
A recent study by Wasserman and UI graduate student Dan Brooks found that both pigeons and people can learn same - different discriminations with visual stimuli that never repeat from trial to trial , thus proving that simple memorization cannot explain this cognitive feat .
In other studies , Wasserman and his colleagues at other research centers took the matter a step further , posing the question : Can animals learn the relations between relations ?
The answer appears to be " yes . "
Wasserman and his associates discovered that both baboons and pigeons also understand the relations between relations - something that only humans were believed to appreciate .
For example , the relation between A and A and the relation between B and B is the same : same equals same .
So , too , is the relation between A and B and the relation between C and D : different equals different .
But , the relation between A and A and the relation between C and D is different : same does not equal different .
advertisement
Using joysticks and computerized visual images , Wasserman and colleagues Joel Fagot of the French CNRS ( National Center for Scientific Research ) and Mike Young of Southern Illinois University at Carbondale found that baboons also exhibit this level of cognition by solving the so - called relational matching - to - sample problem .
Here , the baboons indicated which of two testing arrays of pictures involved the same relationship as the sample array that they had recently been shown .
In a follow - up study , Wasserman and colleague Bob Cook of Tufts University repeated the experiment with pigeons ; the pigeons learned to peck a computerized touchscreen to accomplish the same feat as the baboons .
" The newsworthiness of our baboon experiment was to show that nonhuman primates are capable of higher - order relational learning .
Understanding the relation between relations was previously believed to be a kind of cognition that sets humans apart from all other animals , " Wasserman said .
" The follow - up discovery - that pigeons too are capable of such higher - order relational learning - affirmed our suspicion that we 've really established a finding of broad evolutionary significance . "
Despite obvious anatomical differences , this behavioral evidence confirms Charles Darwin 's proposal that " the difference in mind between man and the higher animals , great as it is , certainly is one of degree and not of kind . "
The notion that there might only be a quantitative - not a qualitative - disparity between human and animal intelligence may make people uneasy , Wasserman said .
" What we 're really trying to understand is the extent to which cognition is general throughout the animal kingdom .
The evidence that we collect constantly surprises us , suggesting that we 're not alone in many of these cognitive abilities , " Wasserman said .
" Why we would believe that humans alone have such capabilities is a peculiar and unfortunate arrogance .
That 's one reason why I enjoy studying animals ; the smarter we discover them to be , the more humble we should be . "
In addition to keeping human egos in check by proving we 're not the only smart creatures on earth , this research may have practical applications , Wasserman said .
Some of the methods he uses to study baboons and pigeons can be deployed to study human cognition .
Currently , Wasserman and colleague Leyre Castro in the UI Department of Psychology are collaborating with Amanda Owen of the UI Communication Sciences and Disorders Department to apply these animal - testing methods to studying the cognitive performance of children with language impairments .
" Because we must invent entirely nonverbal methods to study cognition in animals , these same methods may have particular promise for studying children with communicative disorders , like Specific Language Impairment and Autism , " Wasserman said .
" These methods may prove to have unique diagnostic and therapeutic significance . "
Presenters discussed how scrub - jays can exhibit episodic - like memory and future planning ; how chimpanzees can hold in memory extremely detailed environmental information ; how monkeys can count and perform arithmetic operations ; how pigeons and baboons can learn abstract concepts like same and different ; how crows can fabricate and use tools ; and , how monkeys and other animals may be aware of what they know and remember .
If you ’re planning to buy alcohol in the near future , and prefer not to have your mugshot made available to the local police , best to stock up now .
Because , buried deep within the debate around the s.31 of the Policing and Crime Bill are provisions that will allow the Secretary of State to instruct your local corner shop - or pub - to instal CCTV and retain pictures of anyone buying alcohol for at least 60 days .
Said pics will , of course , be available to the police on request .
Like so much other legislation passed by this government , nothing is ever straightforward .
The Policing Bill merely gives the Secretary of State the power to issue secondary legislation ( aka statutory instruments – or executive diktat ) : these would consist of
- a small number of mandatory licence conditions " , which the government suggests should be no more than nine in number , " that apply to all new or existing licences and club premises certificates which permit the sale of alcohol ,
or
- a larger number of permitted conditions , which the licensing authority can , in consultation with responsible authorities , apply to more than one licensed premises or club at a time .
In other words , Parliament is being asked to sign a blank cheque : give us the powers now , and we will use them as we see fit at a later date .
What sort of powers might the Secretary of State seek to sign off ?
The government has not yet decided : but El Reg has seen a document entitled " Draft Mandatory Code for discussion with stakeholders " .
The draft has not yet been approved by Ministers , so it is possible that some , all , or none of the measures included in it may be quietly dropped over the next few months .
However , those we have seen range from the fussy ( laying down the precise percentage of floor area that should be given over to seating ) , prescriptive ( requiring that staff be trained at least every five years in conflict resolution ) to the downright intrusive ( requiring that areas where alcohol is displayed be covered by CCTV – and all footage be kept for no less than 60 days ) .
It is not wholly clear what the purpose of this measure would be .
Over the last few years , the government has pursued a two - pronged attack on what it sees as the evils of under - age drinking .
The Licensing Act 2003 increased police powers to remove alcohol from young people : and created new and draconian penalties for individuals who sell alcohol to under - age purchasers .
Both these trends are extended by the current Bill .
The police have complained that they are not allowed to remove alcohol from young people where they cannot show intent to drink it : this Bill would allow them to remove alcohol from young people without need to prove intent .
At the same time , those who sell to young persons could be fined up to £ 2,500 ( presently £ 500 ) .
The question of where the camera will be trained is therefore an important one .
According to the Mail , the Home Office have said that this proposal would allow police and councils to target premises where problems such as underage sales were occurring .
They have said that it is not intended to penalise responsible businesses , but that cameras will be trained on the areas where alcohol is sold .
According to Shane Brennan , Public Affairs Director for the Association of Convenience Stores ( ACS ) , the intention is to film areas where alcohol is displayed , thereby allowing police to identify individuals whose main route to obtaining alcohol is through stealing it .
Mr Brennan is highly sceptical of these proposals .
He said : " they will impose a wholly unnecessary expense for small businesses that sell only a limited range of alcohol , whilst those that have a problem with theft are , in most cases , already taking action " .
Filming areas where alcohol is sold , as the Home Office suggest , would imply a much harsher approach to the policing of alcohol sales , requiring shop owners first to fund the installation of CCTV , and then make available to the police footage of their own staff breaking the law .
The likelihood that CCTV will be used to film transactions , as opposed to prevent theft , is given added weight by the fact that these regulations may be applied to other licensed premises , such as pubs and clubs , as well .
®
An artist 's view of the completed Atacama Large Millimeter Array ( ALMA ) in Chile 's Atacama Desert .
Here , the array is arranged in a compact configuration .
Astronomers celebrated on Friday the formal acceptance of the first North American antenna by the Joint ALMA Observatory in Chile .
The new observation tool will consist of an array of 40 - foot ( 12 - meter ) radio telescopes , 64 in all , each linked together to make up the world 's largest radio telescope to observe at millimeter and submillimeter wavelengths .
Emissions at these levels have wavelengths longer than infrared , but shorter than radio waves and are n't visible by the naked eye .
ALMA , the Atacama Large Millimeter / submillimeter Array is being assembled high in the Chilean Andes by a global partnership .
With ALMA , astronomers will study the universe , the molecular gas and tiny dust grains from which stars , planetary systems , galaxies and even life are formed .
ALMA will provide new insights into the formation of stars and planets and will reveal distant galaxies in the early universe , which we will see as they were over 10 billion years ago .
The 12 - meter - diameter antenna delivered today is the first of 25 being provided by North America 's ALMA partners , whose efforts are led by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory and supported by the U.S. National Science Foundation ( NSF ) in cooperation with the National Research Council of Canada and the National Science Council of Taiwan .
The antenna was manufactured by General Dynamics SATCOM Technologies .
The acceptance comes just weeks after the first ALMA antenna -- produced under the direction of the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan on behalf of ALMA 's East Asian partners -- was handed over to the observatory .
" These ALMA antennas are technological marvels , " said ALMA Director Thijs de Graauw .
" They are more precise and more capable than any ever made .
Their performance in the harsh winds and temperatures of our high - altitude site bodes well for the observatory 's future . "
A single 12 - meter antenna 's dish is bigger than the largest optical telescope 's reflective mirror , but to match the sharpness achieved by an optical telescope , a millimeter - wavelength dish would have to be impossibly large , miles across .
ALMA will combine signals from dozens of antennas spread across miles of desert to synthesize the effective sharpness of such a single , gigantic antenna .
The process , called " interferometry , " involves analysis of the ways in which the signals coming from each antenna interfere with one another .
" This is a major milestone for the ALMA project , " explained Philip Puxley , NSF 's ALMA program manager .
" With two antennas now on site , we begin the real work of combining signals from them .
We are advancing toward ALMA 's ultimate goal of surpassing by tenfold existing technology in this area for sharper resolution , sensitivity and image quality . "
ALMA officials expect the pace of antenna acceptance to accelerate .
" We have nine North American antennas on site already , " said Adrian Russell , NRAO 's ALMA project director .
" Following handover of Number Three , we plan to get one through the test procedure each month .
Additional North American antennas will be arriving in Chile at a rate of one every two months , and General Dynamics is on track to complete delivery of these systems within days of the original schedule . "
The antennas , which each weigh about 100 tons , can be moved to different positions in order to reconfigure the ALMA telescope .
This repositioning will be carried out by two custom - designed transporters , each of which is some 33 feet wide , 66 feet long , and has 28 wheels .
When completed early this decade , ALMA will have a total of 66 antennas , with an option for further expansion , provided by partners in North America , Europe and East Asia .
The first European antennas , produced under the auspices of the European Organization for Astronomical Research in the Southern Hemisphere are scheduled to begin arriving early this year .
ALMA is supported in North America by NSF in cooperation with the National Research Council of Canada and the National Science Council of Taiwan .
ALMA construction and operations are led on behalf of North America by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory , which is operated under cooperative agreement by Associated Universities , Inc .
Take this quiz to find out which classic arcade game most closely matches your personality .
You need to answer all the questions to get an accurate result .
If you could have ONE feature from Darth Vader , which would it be :
Red light saber
Black helmet
Black cape
Computerized torso
Heavy breathing
If you were in a chase scene , what music would be playing ?
Techno
Heavy rock
Country
Gregorian chant
Yakkety Sax
Which Steve do you most resemble ?
Steven Wright
Stephen King
Steve Irwin
Steve Jobs
Steve Urkel
Best Numeric Movie
Pi
Se7en
Friday the 13th
The Number 23
2001 : A Space Odyssey
Favorite Arcade Sound
Wakka - wakka
@!#?@!
Intruder Alert !
Bwoop
Boop - de - beep - de - boop - de - boop - beep !
Favorite Input Device :
Joystick
Trackball
Button
Paddle
Dancepad
Most Dangerous Enemy
Boxing gorilla
Witch doctors
Ghosts
Robots
Falling spider
Best Three - letter High Score Letters
USA
ASS
FU2
TIT
COK
According to a slew of federal court rulings , police can use hidden tracking devices to monitor the public movements of a person or vehicle without bothering with a court order , since these devices do n't violate any " reasonable expectation of privacy . "
But the sponsors of a bill making its way through the Georgia General Assembly think these GPS trackers do violate a privacy interest worth protecting — at least when they 're used by private citizens .
House Bill 16 , sponsored by State Rep. Kevin Levitas , would make it a crime to " use an electronic tracking device to determine the location or movement of another person without such other person 's consent , " with a few notable exceptions .
" I think you or I need to be able to go to the shopping center , get a carton of eggs , and not have to check under our car to see if someone placed a tracking device , " Levitas explained to a local news station .
" I think the legislation 's good so any John Doe person can't walk into a store , buy a GPS and throw it on someone 's car , just because they want to know where someone is . "
The statute exempts parents who want to lojack their own kids , individuals or businesses who want to track their own vehicles , and of course , law enforcement .
But private investigators , who make routine use of GPS trackers in their work , have been left out , and are fighting to get their own exemption written in .
It does make you wonder , though : if legislators think that we 're entitled to drive our cars without fear of being electronically tracked , does n't that amount to an acknowledgment that our " expectation of privacy " even in our public travels is " reasonable " ?
The legal rationale for saying that it is n't , stretching back to the Supreme Court 's 1983 case U.S. v. Knotts , has always been that tracking devices only monitor the public behavior that could be observed by ordinary physical surveillance .
Nobody thinks it 's a secret that they 're driving down a public street in plain view , right ?
Sometimes , however , such easy analogies break down when dealing with new technologies — a fact courts have always been slow to recognize .
A citywide network of closed - circuit cameras may only capture " public " events , but couple ubiquitous monitoring with a permanent — and in principle searchable — database of those events , and you 've eroded a form of privacy people have traditionally enjoyed in practice , even when they 're in public .
It might be possible in principle to tail a car 24 hours a day , seven days a week without being detected , but the practical barriers to doing so provide a form of de facto privacy protection that tracking technology removes .
Instead of asking whether private investigators in Georgia need their own exemption from the lojacking ban , maybe we should be asking whether law enforcement officers do .
ISO Quality Planning , a company specializing in helping insurance companies identify risk , has compiled a list of the most heavily ticketed vehicles on the road , and lead feet everywhere can check it out .
Advertisement
Photo by davidsonscott15 .
The group analyzed traffic data on 1.7 million drivers and established the probability of a driver of a given line of vehicles being ticketed .
The Hummer and Scion tC dominated the list , receiving 463 % and 460 % over the average , respectively .
On the opposite end of the spectrum , the Jaguar XJ sedan and the Chevrolet Suburban attracted a mere 11 % and 16 % of expected tickets .
Given that both the Hummer and the Jaguar are high - cost vehicles , it flips the idea that a huge price tag automatically means more police attention .
Advertisement
The president of ISO Quality Planning Raj Bhat offered this theory when questioned about the Hummer 's ranking on the list :
" The sense of power that Hummer drivers derive from their vehicle may be directly correlated with the number of violations they incur , or perhaps Hummer drivers , by virtue of their driving position , are less likely to notice road hazards , signs , pedestrians and other drivers . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Whether Hummer drivers truly have a subconscious ownership of the road , or if it 's just hard to blend into traffic when you 're speeding in a 4 - plus - ton rig , is grounds for another study altogether .
While the surest way to avoid seeing the blue and red lights is to follow all traffic regulations and being a safe and courteous driver ( thanks , mom ! ) , it 's worth considering at car - buying time that the model you 're looking at carries a strong potential for drawing the attention of law enforcement .
If , despite your best driving , you end up bright lights of a traffic stop , check out our tips on how to beat a speeding ticket .
For more details on the ticket chart , check out the MSN roundup below , or our gearhead sibling Jalopnik 's own take on the results .
Advertisement
Which Cars Draw the Most Tickets ?
[ MSN Money ]
[ Continuing the ' Gamasutra 20 ' series , the editors of Gamasutra and Game Developer magazine are proud to name and profile a score of the world 's top game writers and story crafters , from Levine to Schafer and far beyond . ]
Often overlooked as a crucial part of the development process , writers are the unsung creative heroes of the video game industry .
Combining their knowledge of the written word with a knack for the interactive , game writers fill a space that 's integral to the artistic future of games , and yet still very loosely defined .
There is no one typical experience for a game writer .
Everyone does things a little differently .
Some focus on dialogue , some on story arcs , some on character development .
Some have complete control over the path of a game , while others are brought in to consult on and add to a project already underway .
However , there is one thing all game writers have in common : they help inject a hint of the real -- of the believable and the personal -- to an unreal environment .
They 're craftspeople of the new fiction .
This list , made up of those we consider to be 20 of the top game writers working in the industry today , is by no means an exhaustive account of all the writers who have or are currently breaking ground in the field .
The list is also not ranked , and only includes writers with recent , predominantly ' published or prominent in the last 12 - 18 months ' work in the game industry - it's not meant to be an ' all - time ' best list .
With that said , we have made a conscious effort to include writers from around the world -- including North America , Europe , and Japan -- as well as those whose work falls in very different genres and who come from a variety of experience backgrounds .
In addition to information about their work , the way they approach game writing , and what makes them stand out from the crowd , we 've also provided you with commentary from the Gamasutra and Game Developer magazine staff on what makes each of these game writers great .
See Star Wars as you 've never seen it before - in 3D !
You 've seen Star Wars as the director originally intended .
Then you saw it re-branded as A New Hope .
Then you witnessed its re-birth on DVD with new and , quite frankly , rubbish CGI added .
Then you bought the originals again on DVD because the CGI versions just did n't cut the mustard .
And that 's not to mention the prequels , the Clone War cartoons , the Holiday special …
For those , and there can't be many , who have n't quite had enough of the franchise that keeps on giving , then do n't worry as you will soon be able to witness the original films in 3D .
Lucas is excited
Jeffrey Katzenberg , the CEO of Dreamworks Animations , has let it slip that George Lucas is to redo all six of the movies in 3D .
Yes , we all pretty much knew this , but it does now finally mean that the rumours are true .
Speaking about the upcoming movies , Katzenberg said : " Lucas is excited about it .
He is n't going to put a product out , I think , that is n't anything other than first rate . "
Tech Radar would n't quite take that as Gospel as , if we 're being honest , the Star Wars prequels were n't exactly ' first - rate ' .
However , the thought of seeing the Imperial Star Destroyer actually fly above our heads in the original 's opening scene does bring a tingle of excitement .
There 's no news about when the films will be released , but expect a John Williams style fanfare when they do get the cinema treatment .
The bus matron who knowingly left a mentally disabled man on a bus overnight was arrested and fired .
Ed Wynn Rivera , who suffers from cerebral palsy and is unable to communicate , was found after 17 hours of sitting in the bus ( which was parked at a Brooklyn depot ) , freezing and still strapped to his seat .
And what 's more , Rivera had been sitting right behind the driver .
Linda Hockaday , who had worked for Outstanding Transport , was charged with reckless endangerment .
WCBS 2 reports that sources say " Hockaday admitted to knowing that Rivera was still on the bus when it was locked up on one of the coldest nights of the year .
Her rationale for leaving ?
She apparently did n't want to be late for church . "
Apparently she thought someone else would notice Rivera !
Only Hockaday was charged , and not the driver , because , as the bus matron , she is responsible for passenger safety .
Rivera 's parents were worried when he did n't arrive back at their East Harlem home from his day program ( in Tribeca ) on Wednesday afternoon .
They called the police , which searched the depot with K - 9 and aviation units but did n't find him .
According to the NY Times , " On Thursday , the police , with help from Mr. Rivera ’s parents , searched another part of the depot and found Mr. Rivera in the vehicle . "
Rivera 's sister said , " Of course we 're angry ...
How could you just lose a whole person ? ...
Now I can say honestly it is a happy New Year .
I know that he 's OK .
My eyes are red from crying so much . "
This is playing off of this post on Reddit : http://www.reddit.com/r/netsec/comments/7u9mx/hey_reddit_think_its_easy_to_link_an_online/
The joke of course is that my name is plastered all over this website and the web in general .
I was planning on donating to the EFF anyway ( and , hey , so should you . )
But it got me thinking about identity online .
Several months ago , I began using my real name on the web instead of screen names .
I have a Reddit account , a Twitter account , a YouTube and Facebook and Linked In profile , and others that I ’ve probably forgotten about by now .
I blame Joel Spolsky and Paul Graham .
I wanted a piece of the blogosphere pie that came with not only writing software but writing about software .
I wanted to pump up the number of hits a Google search for my name would return .
It was pure ego , but also a bit more than that .
It was a formal , professional context that I traded my anonymity for .
At first , I did n’t find anything wrong with it .
I wanted to be accessible , I wanted to be transparent .
I could always generate new identities .
It ’s comforting that the electronic veil option is still available to me .
But it ’s a hassle to keep generating throw away accounts to the same websites over and over again ( I ’m a fan on 10 Minute Mail . )
Second , I did n’t think putting myself under the public eye and in the public record would be so terrible .
I became more sensitive to other people ’s views , and a bit more open minded .
I ’m less likely to make a sarcastic quip against someone that I ’ll regret days ( or months , years , and most likely , deades ) later .
And I think this new patience and restraint has improved my character .
But I also worry that its having a chilling effect .
And being confronted with a permanent record ( a real one , unlike the one your high school told you of ) has dulled many of my passionate outbursts , and not always for the better .
What is certain is that the quantity of my online participation has dropped .
I ’ll type out comments , read them over , and then delete them .
And I ’m still uncertain how often this self - censorship happens without my awareness .
One things for sure : my sympathy for celebrities and other well - known people has increased .
I still have the comfort of being a faceless though not nameless guy with a website , instead of any measure of real popularity .
But the pot shots from an unending parade of online assholes still manages to get under my skin sometimes , no matter how thick my skin becomes .
When I first started making videos about atheism of YouTube , I received several several bits of hate - mail and one not - so - serious death threat .
What unnerved me about this wave of people who had such vitriolic feelings towards me was that they could also figure out my real name .
Anyone I see on the street could be an unhinged stalker .
It ’s unlikely , and I think about it very rarely .
Usually at two in the morning when I ’m about to fall asleep .
My advice to anyone who would take this route : I ’d go for it , after some thought .
I feel that it has made me a much more magnanimous person online in the way I treat others .
But then again , I have n’t exactly had psycho lovers or paparazzi relentlessly calling me or picketing outside my home .
And I do n’t have the same problem that female bloggers face for simply being “ teh girl on teh internets . ”
Overall , my experience has been positive .
And while I like having the faceless option still available , it makes me feel more engaged with people to communicate not with a screen name , but a human name .
The Pope is due to visit Israel later this year Pope Benedict XVI has told American Jewish leaders that any denial of the Holocaust is " intolerable " , especially if it comes from a clergyman .
He made the comments during his first face - to - face talks with Jewish leaders since he lifted the excommunication of a Holocaust - denying bishop .
The Pope has said he was unaware that Bishop Richard Williamson had denied the full extent of the Holocaust .
During the meeting , he confirmed he was planning to visit Israel .
Vatican sources have said the trip is scheduled for May .
The Pope told more than 50 delegates from the Conference of American Jewish Organisations that " any denial or minimisation of this terrible crime is intolerable " , especially from a priest .
" The hatred and contempt for men , women and children that was manifested in the Shoah ( Holocaust ) was a crime against humanity , " he was quoted by Reuters news agency as saying .
" This should be clear to everyone , especially to those standing in the tradition of the Holy Scriptures ... "
' Extraordinary ' Catholic - Jewish relations have soured over the Pope 's decision last month to lift the excommunication of Bishop Williamson .
He has been under strong pressure to make a stand against anti-Semitism .
This terrible chapter in our history [ the Holocaust ] must never be forgotten
Pope Benedict Before the meeting , one of the Jewish leaders , Abraham Foxman , told the BBC : " I would hope that he would not only talk about the Holocaust , not only condemn Holocaust denial as anti-Semitism , but I think he would say Bishop Williamson has had enough time to publicly recant and disown and disavow his views ; and since he has n't , he 's back to be[ing ] excommunicated . "
But , during his address , the Pope made no mention of the row , the BBC's David Willey in Rome reports .
Bishop Williamson was among four ultraconservative bishops - all members of the traditionalist Society of St Pius X ( SSPX ) - whose excommunications were lifted , in a bid by the Pope to end a schism that began in 1988 when they were ordained without Vatican permission .
But it was then revealed that Bishop Williamson , who was born in Britain , had given an interview to a Swedish television programme last November , in which he disputed that six million Jews had died at the hands of the Nazis , and claimed that none had died in gas chambers .
Bishop Williamson has not recanted his remarks
He said : " I believe there were no gas chambers , " and insisted that up to " 300,000 Jews perished in Nazi concentration camps but none of them by gas chambers " .
Bishop Williamson has since apologised for the controversy he has caused , and has been removed from his post as the head of a Roman Catholic seminary in Argentina .
But he has refused to recant his remarks , despite an order from the Vatican to do so - merely saying he will re-examine the evidence on the Holocaust .
The Pope said previously he had not known about Bishop Williamson 's views - a stance that Elena Curti , deputy editor of the Tablet Catholic newspaper , told the BBC was " extraordinary " .
They were " well known , it seems , to virtually everybody else " , she said .
In his address to the Jewish leaders , Pope Benedict admitted that the 2,000 - year - old relationship between Judaism and the church had passed through some painful phases .
But he repeated the prayer the late Pope John Paul made when he visited Jerusalem in 2000 , pleading for forgiveness from Jews for Christians who had persecuted them throughout history .
" This terrible chapter in our history [ the Holocaust ] must never be forgotten , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Any of you America - hating lying liars in the Republican Party ready to apologize ?
( Did n't think so . )
Brad Friedman Byon 1/29/2009 , 12:40 pm PT
After all the stuff , nonsense , bullshit , lies , hoaxes , WSJ " editorials " , Fox " News " Alerts , Presidential candidate lies , phony " conspiracy " claims , and - wall - to - wall cable and radio garbage that we had to endlessly suffer through , for months on end , leading up to last year 's election , about supposed , massive " voter fraud " being committed --- by Democrats , naturally --- it turns out that in one of OH 's largest counties , an exhaustive investigation by a Republican Special Prosecutor , appointed by his former GOP prosecutor partner ( the Hamilton County Prosecutor who was also a state co-chair for the McCain / Palin campaign ) , looked into hundreds of " serious " allegations of such " fraud " and found exactly one such case .
One case .
No , it was n't Ann Coulter .
She commits her voter fraud in FL and in CT instead .
But it was someone who had already turned himself in .
His vote was never counted .
That 's it .
One case .
Out of nearly half a million votes cast in Hamilton County , just one fraudulent vote was found .
The Special Prosecutor 's report is here [ PDF ] .
After an entire season , using facts and reality - based information to fend off the insidious , America - hating forces of the evil Republican War on Democracy and their attempts to undermine the very core , the very heartbeat of our democracy , of our nation , for little more than attempted , pathetic --- and ultimately futile --- political gain , is anybody gonna apologize here ?
Anybody ?
Rush ?
Sean ?
O'Reilly ?
John Fund ?
John McCain ?
John Danforth ?
Karl Rove ?
Tom Feeney ?
" Thor " Hearne ?
Todd Rokita ?
Jackasess at Powerline ?
Jackasses at Redstate ?
The entirety of the shameful , unpatriotic Fox " News " Channel ?
Anybody ?
Any of you liars and cowards and thieves and democracy - hating , facist - loving , Stalinesque , Saddamites have the guts , the courage , the sense of decency --- the love for your country --- to stand up and say you were wrong ?
That you are sorry ?
Anyone ?
Anywhere ?
Of course not .
Especially not in Minnesota where not only have they found no such " voter fraud " epidemic --- as committed by Democrats or ACORN or anybody else --- but the Republicans are now trying to include actual fraudulent ballots in the results of the U.S. Senate race .
Now that they need them in hopes of " winning " .
No apologies , of course , because they 'll all be back in two years and the same horseshit will be flowing loud and clear , once again from their democracy - hating souls , out to millions of Americans who are ready to believe --- listening over the corporately - run , though publicly - owned airwaves --- all over again and again and again .
And again .
Not that they 'll wait that long .
Measures claimed to supposedly prevent ( non-existent ) " voter fraud " --- little more than measures meant to rob minorities , the elderly , students , and anyone else who tends to not vote Republican , of their Constitutional rights --- are moving forward , as John Gideon noted last night , and even as we speak , in TX , in UT , in MS and wherever else you can find depraved , soulless , Republican cretins who despise America , its history , and all that it pretends , and tries desperately , to stand for .
I am ashamed to call you people my fellow citizens .
only you help to fund , with As we promised , The BRAD BLOG covered your electoral system 2008 , tirelessly , fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation , facing down the liars and cowards and democracy - haters of any and all parties .
Please support our work , which , with a donation to help us continue the work so few are willing to do .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details on that right here ...
Crackulous , a program for pirating apps from the iPhone App Store , was just released .
Great for cheapskates , terrible for independent developers trying to make a living .
Updated : 4:35 pm
Advertisement
You 'll need to jailbreak your phone to get in on the fun , obviously , but the entire process seems relatively simple if you 're looking to get on board .
However , since many of these apps will need to phone home , they 'll be letting Apple and the app makers know exactly who you are and what dirty deeds you 're committing , right ?
There 's a good chance nothing bad will happen to you , but you probably do n't want to risk getting your phone locked down or your account shut off because you 're too cheap to pay for Fieldrunners .
Just give the developers the money they deserve , OK ?
Advertisement
Update : I just had this absolutely ludicrous exchange with the creator of Crackulous .
You can't make this shit up .
Subject : INACCURATE : Crackulous article Crack Ulous Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:14 PM
To : adam@gizmodo.com
Adam , you are linking to a pirated version of the app .
Please link to REMOVED ( the official Crackulous site ) instead of supporting the pirates in the crackulous article .
Thanks .
Adam Frucci Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:16 PM
To : Crack Ulous
Are you serious ?
This is n't a joke ?
You 're seriously trying to stop
an app designed to pirate apps from being pirated ?
Crack Ulous Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:21 PM
To : Adam Frucci
No but I need people to support my work ... I deserve appreciation .
Adam Frucci Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:23 PM
To : Crack Ulous
But the people who have legit apps that Craculous will help pirate
do n't ?
You honestly do n't see the irony here ?
Crack Ulous Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:24 PM
To : Adam Frucci Yes .. but Adam , all I ask is that you link to REMOVED in your article because some people still buy and support .
Some people in the scene appreciate my work .
Is it too much to ask ? :)
Adam Frucci Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:34 PM
To : Crack Ulous No. Crack Ulous Mon , Feb 2 , 2009 at 4:35 PM
To : Adam Frucci
Ok if you could please do that I would be very appreciative .
Thanks .
Update # 2 : The jackass above was a developer trying to screw over the people behind Crackulous .
He was n't the real developer , nor was he a scammer .
He made no money from this .
Moral of the story is still this : do n't pirate apps .
And this guy is a douche .
[ FunkySpaceMonkey via Hackulous ]
I may have my own sexual preferences , and they may or may not involve rum and the high seas , but I know a political agenda masquerading as a journal publication when I see one .
Until now , scientists ( and apparently Western society ) thought a curvy figure trumped other body shapes .
The idea was based on results from medical studies that suggested a curvy waist - to - hip ratio of 0.7 or lower ( meaning the waist is significantly narrower than the hips ) is associated with higher fertility and lower rates of chronic disease .
An imperfect body might be just what the doctor ordered for women and key to their economic success , an anthropologist now says .
While pop culture seems to worship the hourglass figure for females , with a tiny waist , big boobs and curvy hips , this may not be optimal ...
and according to this bit of sophistry See the " Until now " ?
Elizabeth Cashdan , Professor and Chair at the University of Utah , does not agree with this , nor with the medical studies that do .
" Until now " means we are about to learn why all that is wrong .
Now , she does n't actually go back and find problems with the old medical studies .
No , she 's reasoned it out .
II . Biochemistry Will Explain All
Before I explain what she 's discovered , let me walk you through her logic .
Women with " imperfect " bodies will be healthier and more successful because that thing which makes them " imperfect " also causes economic success and better health .
If that does n't seem improbable to you , wait till you hear her explanation : androgens .
Androgens , a class of hormones that includes testosterone , increase waist - to - hip ratios in women by increasing visceral fat , which is carried around the waist .
But on the upside , increased androgen levels are also associated with increased strength , stamina and competitiveness .
So masculinized women are stronger and smarter than feminized women .
Or : paint will stain your fingers ; paint can also make a beautiful painting .
So if you see stained fingers , expect to see awesome art .
The biochemistry is n't even accurate .
" Androgen " is more than just testosterone .
Testosterone can increase or decrease visceral fat , depending on what you start with , whether you are taking the testosterone exogenously ; or whether increased fat leads to insulin resistance and overproduction of testosterone as a consequence ; etc .
Are bodybuilders loading up on androgens so they can increase visceral fat ?
Do women with larger waists have higher levels of androgens ?
Etc .
The science only needs to be partially accurate , so long as she generates the conclusion she wants :
Cortisol , a hormone that helps the body deal with stressful situations , also increases fat carried around the waist .
Saying cortisol helps the body deal with stressful situations is like saying getting shot in the face helps you deal with the pain of being shot .
III .
The Bell Curve
It 's important to understand that she 's not trying to promote a theory that androgens are good -- if she was , she 'd measure them directly , or use a better proxy ( muscle mass , bone density , etc ) - she 's trying to come up with a justification for why an " imperfect body " is better than an hourglass .
In addition , past research has revealed that men prefer a ratio of 0.7 or lower when looking for a mate .
The preference makes perfect sense , according to evolutionary psychologists , because the low ratio is a reliable signal of a healthy , fertile woman .
Along those lines , Playboy centerfolds tend to have a waist - to - hip ratio of 0.68 , Cashdan found .
Until now , scientists ( and apparently Western society ) thought a curvy figure trumped other body shapes ...
However , women around the world tend to have larger waist - to - hip ratios ( more cylindrical than hourglass - shaped ) than is considered optimal by these medical and social standards .
So if all this is true , what lead her to think that larger waist size was a health and economic , not simply unrelated , or even a disadvantage ?
You 're going to want to lie down ; within any scientific article that is n't scientific lurks a social agenda , and here it is :
That 's it .
Do n't bother looking for more , there is n't any : most women do n't have hourglass figures , ergo it 's not optimal .
Here 's what 's wrong with America , right here :
Specifically , Cashdan compiled data from 33 non-Western populations and four European populations , finding the average waist - to - hip ratio for women was above 0.8 .
So if 0.7 is the magic number both in terms of health and male mate choice , Cashdan wondered why most women exhibit a significantly higher ratio .
" Waist - to - hip ratio may indeed be a useful signal to men , then , but whether men prefer a [ waist - to - hip ratio ] associated with lower or higher androgen / estrogen ratios ( or value them equally ) should depend on the degree to which they want their mates to be strong , tough , economically successful and politically competitive , " Cashdan writes .
It has been shown that androgens can increase strength and economic advantage in women ( Cashdan 2008 . )
She can't understand why the ideal is n't the same as the average .
So she wants to create reasons why the average is the ideal .
Got that ?
If he prefers the hourglass figure , it means he wants weak and submissive women .
If he prefers the larger type , he wants someone strong who votes .
She 's replacing old stereotypes with new ones .
" All blondes are dumb " may be a heuristic we use , but we have the common sense not to admit it because it's a debasement , like currency : you artificially lower its value so you can get more from it .
What makes Cashdan 's stereotype particularly dangerous is it is a debasement
Here 's the reverse of Cashdan 's argument : " See ? being dumb is good , because then you do n't have to worry about all that science !
A man will handle all that !
" These are just empty words , asserted as fact .
Unfortunately , asserted by one withYou say : who cares about this study ?
First , that this sophistry is an an academic journal is bad enough -- it takes on the the status of " knowledge " -- and people can even use it as support for more sophistry .
Deny this is n't possible :
And then dare to try and publish against it .
Worse , the article made it all the way to the popular press -- or was that the point ?-- even Newsweek crowed with glee , " Hourglass Figures : We Take It All Back " - - which means it becomes part of the knowledge base of people .
Even if they 're skeptical , they have to contend with it .
Do you think this is about making women feel better , or bashing male stereotypes ?
It 's about taking one 's own opinions about society and using " science " to affirm them .
You 'll be seeing a lot of this in the era of Keynesian Psychiatry .
Debasements pretending to be positives .
Explanations using " evolution , " or worse , " evolutionary psychology . "
And , of course , the insistence that someone pay for it .
Depression II : The Horror
DEPRESSION II … The Horror …coming soon to theatres near you !
“ It ’s gone deep .
It ’s gotten worse , ” said the president .
We ’ve seen so many shock and horror movies over the years .
We recognize the dialog .
But this is no Hollywood thriller .
This is real life .
It is like a Netscape News story :
“ WASHINGTON ( AP ) – On a single day filled with staggering sums , the Obama administration , Federal Reserve and Senate attacked the deepening economic crisis Tuesday with actions that could throw as much as $ 3 trillion more in government and private funds into the fight against frozen credit markets and rising joblessness .
“ … Wall Street investors sent stocks plunging , objecting that new rescue details from the government were too sparse .
The Dow Jones industrials dropped 382 points .
“ … shortly after Senate passage of an $ 838 billion emergency economic stimulus bill cleared the way for talks with the House … Separately , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner outlined plans for spending much of the $ 350 billion in financial bailout money recently cleared by Congress , and the Federal Reserve announced it would commit up to $ 1 trillion to make loans more widely available to consumers . ”
GM said it was cutting 10,000 jobs … and reducing executives ’ pay .
Fannie and Freddie are likely to need $ 200 billion more to stay in business , say regulators .
And Tim Geithner ’s new bank bailout program may cost $ 2 trillion .
Meanwhile , practically every business and every family in America is looking for ways to cut costs .
Unfortunately , one person ’s cost - cutting is another person ’s income .
So , incomes are going down too .
Then , people have to cut costs even more .
“ Let ’s not mince words … this looks an awful lot like the beginning of the second Great Depression , ” says Nobel - prize winning economist Paul Krugman .
Paul Krugman is wrong about a great many things ; but he ’s right about this .
This is not a recession .
It ’s a depression .
What ’s the difference ?
Some economists say a depression takes 10 % off the GDP .
Some say it is a recession that persists for more than a year .
Most have no clue .
The real difference is this : a recession is a pause in an otherwise healthy economy .
A depression , on the other hand , is when the economy drops dead .
There ’s no point in putting on the wires or strapping on the inhaler , there has been too much brain damage already .
The best you could hope to do is to keep the body alive .
But it would be a vegetable .
Better to let it go…quickly .
But we ’re not giving advice to the Obama team .
So far , they have n’t asked .
Instead , they ’ve got the defibrillators in their hands .
“ TARP II ” is how the International Herald Tribune defines Geithner ’s new program .
Bold in scale .
Vague in detail .
Geithner says he hopes to bring in private money to fund the bailout .
How ?
We ca n’t imagine .
It ’s one thing for government to try to revive a corpse with public ( mostly imaginary ) money .
It ’s quite another for private investors to waste their own time and money .
‘ What ’s in it for me ? ’ they ’re likely to answer .
And if there were anything in it for them , they ’d already be investing in it .
It ’s not as if there are n’t plenty of opportunities on the Big Board .
The financial sector is down 2 /3rds to 3 /4s from its high .
Anyone who thinks there ’s money to be made can take his chances .
Instead of buying , investors are selling .
Just look at what happened to the Dow yesterday .
They ’re selling because they think there could be a lot more pain and suffering still to come in the banking sector – and in the economy at large .
And they ’re right .
Nouriel Roubini , who has become a celebrity thanks to his Daily Reckoning - style warnings , says the losses will reach $ 3.6 trillion .
We do n’t know what the ultimate figure will be , but it is bound to be a big number .
This depression is just beginning .
So far , we have only had the shock in the financial industry .
The real damage will come in the economy … which is only now reacting to the financial losses .
Just wait until we get deeper into this film … that ’s when the real blood and gore will come .
*** “ This strategy will not work , ” writes Haag Sherman in Barrons .
“ Asset values will continue to decline , regardless of how much money the government borrows , even it if borrows printed money from the Fed .
And in that case , the government risks another , more calamitous crisis – a run on US Treasury securities . ”
Treasuries are going down .
Everyone wonders why .
Is it because fear is easing … or increasing ?
On the one hand , spreads between private debt and federal debt are narrowing .
This signals an increase in confidence .
Investors are less panicky than they were a few weeks ago .
Despite Obama ’s “ catastrophe ” talk , they seem to think we ’ll muddle through somehow .
So , they figure that they can leave the safety of U.S. Treasuries and venture out where they might be able to earn some money .
With 10 - year yields at only 3 % , investors need to look elsewhere to get any income .
Now , they appear to be at least poking their heads up above the trench walls .
On the other hand , there is probably a growing fear that the feds ’ efforts to create ‘ positive inflation ’ will blow their heads off .
The feds are certainly putting a lot of cash and credit into the system .
At some point , the crunch will reach its natural end and then all this unnatural cash will produce a stimulating effect .
That is , people will be motivated to get rid of it .
When that happens – if not before – you ’ll see the ‘ run on U.S. Treasury securities ’ that Sherman mentions , along with a run on other forms of U.S. paper , notably the dollar .
For the time being , we are still in the process of ‘ price discovery . ’
Last year , investors suddenly realized that debtors could n’t pay their bills … that assets were n’t worth what people paid for them …that collateral was declining in price , making many erstwhile valuable credits worthless … and that revenue streams were not sufficient to maintain whole sectors of industry and commerce .
They panicked .
That is why these episodes were called “ panics ” in the 19th century .
Nobody knows which assets are good … and which are bad ….
or who ’s solvent and who ’s not…or which businesses can survive and which can’t .
Everyone tries to hold onto to what he ’s got …trusting no one and nothing … until the market has time to discover proper prices for things in the new post - bubble era .
In the 19th century …up to the Panic of 1921 … this all happened fairly quickly .
And then the economy got up off the ground , dusted itself off , and went on its way .
But since the Hoover Administration , the meddlers have intervened .
Now , they try to stop the process of price discovery …by keeping zombie businesses alive …by loaning money to brain - damaged industries … and nursing the cadavers and corpses with trillions in taxpayers ’ money .
Mr. Sherman continues …
“ … the US government ’s balance sheet looks increasingly like that of a Third World country .
America ’s debt - to - GDP ratio is more than 100 % , including the nationalized debt of the two mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Budget deficits of $ 1 trillion are projected for years to come .
Worse yet , America ’s pension and medical obligations to the baby - boom generation and those that follow are estimated to be considerably more than $ 50 trillion .
“ As the US government prints more money to address the crises , investors will realize that are being repaid in a much diminished currency .
For the moment , foreign investors have remained relatively firm .
But , at some point , foreign and domestic investors will consider the US government ’s terrible fiscal position , and they will start dumping debt . ”
*** That may happen next week .
It may happen years from now .
Remember , there are always back - eddies and countercurrents – even in the biggest flood .
We ’ve had a rebound , but it has been very slight .
In the ’30s stocks rallied six times – more than 20 % each time – before finally beginning a new bull market .
And several times , investors thought the crisis was over …only to see it hit again , harder .
Our advice : stay in investments that you will not want to sell in the next ten years .
What kind of investments are those ?
They ’re investments with income and / or capital that is reliable .
Forests .
Down - market retailers .
Apartment houses with good tenants .
Farms , ranches providing foodstuffs at good prices .
Basic service industries with decent revenues .
Nothing fancy .
The world is moving away from fancy .
You want to be the low - cost provider of whatever goods or services people need .
And of course , stay in gold .
Our favorite yellow metal will prove to be one of the safest bets for a store of wealth in this topsy - turvy economy .
Yesterday , while Wall Street was sinking on the news of Geithner ’s stimulus plan , investors flocked to their safe haven : gold .
After dipping a bit on Monday , gold for April delivery jumped $ 21.40 to settle at $ 914.20 an ounce .
As we ’ve pointed out many times , during a period of economic turmoil , investors increasingly turn to gold as a buffer against market volatility .
We do n’t know about you , but we have the sneaking suspicion that this ‘ volatility ’ in the markets is here to stay , at least in the foreseeable future .
And in turn , gold will have a lot higher to go .
*** Oh no !
The greatest central banker of our time …is going … going … Gono !
Reports in the Financial Times this morning tell us that Gideon Gono has been replaced in a “ power sharing ” move by a fellow named Tendai Biti .
Poor Mr. Biti has his work cut out for him .
His predecessor made a mess of Zimbabwe ’s economy .
But Mr. Biti looks like just the man to correct it .
He apparently has no training in economics .
That ’s a definite plus .
The paper describes him as a “ 44 - year old lawyer [ who ] was a student leader active on human rights issues . ”
Good luck .
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The BBC has apologised after an unedited clip of the leaked tape thought to be Christian Bale swearing was played on BBC One 's Breakfast .
" A technical error led to us broadcasting an unacceptable swear word , " said a spokeswoman .
Presenters Charlie Stayt and Susanna Reid gasped as the unbleeped clip of the Batman star 's tirade went out .
A clearly stunned Reid said : " An enormous apology , that was definitely supposed to be edited . "
' Reasonable '
Seconds earlier , Stayt had introduced the clip , saying " people may want to block their ears " because he expected it to be heavily bleeped .
The tape , of star Bale berating a colleague for ruining a shot on the set of Terminator Salvation , was leaked earlier this week .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
The actor 's outburst includes the use of the F - word 35 times in just over four minutes .
The tape was leaked to gossip website TMZ .
Sony Pictures has refused to comment and Bale 's agent has not returned calls .
Film director Darren Aronofsky , whose film The Wrestler is in the running at the Oscars , defended Bale 's actions .
He called the star 's tirade " reasonable " and said : " I do n't think he was out of line . "
" Sets are very , very high - powered places where things go awry all the time and emotions are high .
" He could have been doing a deeply , deeply intense emotional scene , " added the film - maker .
Joseph O'Neill Wins PEN / Faulkner for " Netherland "
Half - Irish , half - Turkish novelist Joseph O'Neill has won this year 's PEN / Faulkner Award for his novel " Netherland . "
Cheers , pal !
Most writers do n't get the opportunity to compete for BOTH the Man Booker and the PEN / Faulkner , but because O'Neill has dual citizenship or something , his novel was up for both prizes this year .
He lost in England but won in America , which is fine .
O'Neill is also married to Sally Singer , who is the editor of " Vogue " and used to be an editor at Farrar , Straus , and Giroux , which is also fine .
He lives in New York , which is why he qualified for this prize , I guess , even though New York is basically NOT America .
Which is ALSO fine .
O'Neill went to boarding school in the Netherlands and then became a barrister ( not the same as a barista ) .
" Netherland " is a book about a Dutch guy who joins a cricket team in New York after the World Trade Center attack .
Here are all the reviews for " Netherland " that I could find , in case you are interested in why this was America 's best novel this year : " Two Paths For the Novel " ( Zadie Smith , in " The New York Review of Books " )
" Pen in One Hand , Cricket Bat in the Other " ( Charles McGrath , in " The New York Times " ) " Perfect Delivery " ( Andrew Anthony , in " The Guardian " ) " Beyond a Boundary " ( James Wood , in " The New Yorker " ) Usually , Philip Roth wins the PEN / Faulkner Award , so it is always nice when somebody else does .
Still , " Netherland " is a book about expatriate Europeans playing cricket .
Can we assimilate that ?
Can we swallow that ?
This cricket book won America 's only real writing prize this year .
I guess that 's fine .
Except , hold on ...... no. It 's fine .
It 's fine .
I 'm sure it 's a good book .
He 's an American now .
We have drafted him , like Wodehouse .
Suck it , Europe .
More on : Capital Flows
Note :
This post is by Rachel Ziemba of RGE Monitor , filling in while Brad is off in the mountains .
Many thanks to Brad for letting me fill in again .
I pay attention to macro events in China and several oil exporters and the whole portfolio of sovereign investors for RGE monitor where this post first appeared .
I ’ll chime in on a few things related to sovereign investors ( including their role in financing the US ) this week while Brad is out .
In recent weeks CDS spreads on the debt of Dubai ’s largest State - linked vehicles like Dubai Holding etc shot up dramatically after Abu Dhabi announced a unilateral recapitalization of its banks .
The cost to buy prrotection on the 1 year bond has doubled since late January and now stands at 1073 bps .
The jump in the 5 yr has been less sharp but stands at over 1400 bps .
Since Dubai has limited sovereign debt ( about $ 10 b and maybe climbing given the likely fiscal deficit ) so these large state - linked companies provide a proxy for the perceived credit worthiness of Dubai ’s government .
Given Dubai ’s debt stock ( $ 80 b or 148 % of GDP ) , its vulnerability to global liquidity and the worsening outlook for its domestic property market despite the ability to control supply , it is perhaps not a surprise that the outlook for the emirate seems much more precarious , particularly in contrast to its cash rich neighbour , Abu Dhabi .
Given the links of these debtors to the government , and the effect that their vulnerabilities could have on the UAE federation , it has widely been assumed that the UAE govt ( or rather Abu Dhabi ) would come to the aid of Dubai when the crunch came .
However , there has been more uncertainty than some expected .
Key tests are ahead in coming months as Dubai adjusts to a world where leverage remains scarce .
Around $ 20 b of the outstanding debt ( $ 80 b ) comes due in 2009 , including several large syndications like that of Borse Dubai which was having trouble rolling over its $ 4b loan that expired at the end of February .
Breaking views notes that the $ 4b capital needed is a test case as allowing the institution to implode would have broader reverberations .
It now seems that the UAE federal government might be coming to the rescue .
Meed suggests that it will loan Borse dubai $ 1b to make up the shortfall .
Borse Dubai only managed to secure $ 1.25 billion of commitments from commercial banks , although some further commitments from banks could bring the final bank tranche to $ 1.5 billion .
Even the capital that Dubai attracts will come at a higher cost .
Borse Dubai might have to pay 430 bps above Libor rather than the 130 bps the maturing loan carried .
Unlike some of its neighbours ( especially Abu Dhabi ) Dubai ’s growth was primarily debt financed , making it more vulnerable to the global liquidity crunch and more local liquidity tightening triggered first by the withdrawal of speculative capital and – later by the fall in the oil price .
Although Dubai has little oil , it was clearly a petrodollar recycling hub .
It accounted for much of the UAE ’s external debt stock ( some of Abu Dhabi ’s state investors like Mubadala and others accounted for the rest ) .
Dubai based banks likely also accounted for much of the bank lending to the UAE .
Moodys vulnerability indicators show that the UAE is among the most vulnerable in the MENA region ( if much less vulnerable that Eastern European countries that are being forced to rapidly and painfully adjust .
Data from the BIS ( see chart below ) show that loans extended to the UAE first tapered off and then fell in Q2 and Q3 of 2008 ( the most recent data )
This is consistent with the outflows of short - term capital once dirham revaluation was taken off the table that contributed to a local credit crunch as well as the the escalation of credit crunch on a global scale and a reluctance to lend to the Gulf as the oil price began to fall .
Of remaining loans , UK banks are most exposed .
Looking at shifts in the UAE ’s central bank reserves details the scale of this flows .
The UAE ’s reserves doubled to almost $ 100 billion but have subsequently fallen to $ 44 billion at the end of Q3 ( most recent data ) .
No wonder the project finance costs and domestic interbank rates shot up .
Liabilities of BIS banks to UAE
The following gives an outlook of how net flows of funds ( deposits abroad - loans ) of the UAE compare to the rest of the GCC .
the UAE has consistently borrowed more from foreign banks than it has borrowed abroad for the last 18 months .
Despite the drop in loans extended to the UAE , it continued to be a net borrower from the international banking system - unlike for example Saudi Arabia or Kuwait .
Dubai is experiencing a property bust .
Prices and volumes have been falling for some time and even efforts to control the supply ( by merging and providing capital to the main mortgage lenders or pulling back on projects have had limited effect . )
The secondary market in particular has dried up .
Meanwhile with a number of foreigners losing their jobs will be another blow to consumption and property markets .
It has been widely assumed that oil - rich Abu Dhabi would come to Dubai ’s aid in one way or another , providing the needed capital and solidifying Abu Dhabi ’s role within the power structure of the UAE .
It seemed likely that federal institutions were taking the upper hand – including the central bank .
In fact the first UAE government responses to the financial strains on UAE banks seemed to be evidence enough .
But the next stage has been less unclear .
Moreover the structure of some of the liquidity provided including the temporary ‘ repo window ’ still created disincentives for banks to take advantage of the funds – likely because authorities wanted to force regulatory changes to stem the significant credit growth .
While most UAE banks received long - term deposits back in the fall from the central bank , they remain undercapitalized given the loss of whole sale financing and the fact that the property bust is undermining the quality of underlying assets – property , credit card debt etc .
Standard chartered suggests that UAE banks need an additional $ 27 billion to be adequately capitalized .
Other institutions like a permanent repo window and other tools to control the money supply are also needed .
These capital needs persist despite Abu Dhabi ’s injections to its banks , however , the support of the emirate ’s government does add to the stability of financial institutions there and reduce the risk of systemic risk .
Abu Dhabi provided capital injections to five banks operating in the emirate in the form of 5 year deposits .
Yet allowing a default of a major state - linked banks could have broader reverberations in the region .
Why has n’t Abu Dhabi made more funds available to Dubai given that the uncertainty undermines UAE asset quality and the “ UAE brand ” ?
One explanation might be politics between the emirates .
Reportedly Dubai has not actually asked for funds , perhaps fearing a loss of autonomy .
However , even Abu Dhabi ’s stock of liquid assets might not be quite as high as it might like .
In a recent paper , Brad Setser and I argue that the funds of the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority ( ADIA ) may never have been as large as some observers thought ( we peg its peak at close to $ 480 b early in 2008 and suggest it may have suffered valuation losses that took its AUM down as low as $ 300 b ( watch later in the week for some updated calculations on a range of sovereign funds ) .
The calculations are based on an index based portfolio so we might be a bit off .
However , given that liquidity is at a shortage and Abu Dhabi may also run a fiscal deficit , it may prefer to preserve its capital for investments prioritized for domestic development .
Yet it is not in its interest to let too large a gap in credit worthiness emerge with Dubai particularly as its banks and institutions are exposed to Dubai ’s property markets ( perhaps accounting for the extra liquidity injection . )
Furthermore there are risks that the property markets and financial institutions throughout the region even if most countries are more insulated .
Abu Dhabi may prefer to avoid such a bust .
But as Moody ’s notes , the corporate sectors of the GCC have not been tested in this way in the past and do face significant financing needs .
Broader cost cutting is going on in Dubai including several mergers in the property sector and job reductions .
Dubai International Capital and Dubai Group , investment focused entities belonging to Sheikh Mohammed plan a quasi merger .
This seems to make sense and may reduce overcapacities .
In fact these two entities always seemed to be encroaching on each others turf ( investment in financials , private equity holdings etc ) in a UAE that was serving as a laboratory for investment abroad , though recently Dubai group was reportedly branching into Islamic finance .
Furthermore like others relying on leverage their business model has come under challenge .
The sharing of back office support may be the first step to a re-merger .
Needless to say , any funds and projects overly reliant on leverage should continue to be very quiet ( the QIA might be one exception )
The combination of much more subdued credit growth , reduction in oil production and reduction in non-oil trade and services will keep the UAE ’s growth weak in 2009 .
The country ’s non-oil diversification has exposed it to sectors that are faltering globally ( shipping , tourism , property , finance ) .
Government support and the fact that many sectors are centralized can cushion the blow somewhat – fiscal policy is expected to be expansionary , the budgets of the UAE federal government ( which spends mostly in the smaller five emirates ) and Dubai show expenditure growth in 2009 .
Abu Dhabi will likely do so also though its budget has not been disclosed .
Yet there is a broader question where will the funds come from or what price will be charged to get there .
Yet given the direct linkages between the UAE ’s borrowers and the national and sub-national governments , funds should be forthcoming even if they are pricy and become more so with oil at $ 35 a barrel .
The questionable quality of Chinese cars has been the butt of many jokes , but it looks as though BYD Auto of Shenzhen , China , might be having the last laugh .
On Monday , BYD Auto began selling the first mass - produced plug - in hybrid car in the world .
Unlike conventional gas-electric hybrids , the F3DM can be charged from a wall outlet .
It has a range of about 60 miles on a full battery charge .
Its lithium - ion batteries can be fully recharged in as little as seven hours , said BYD , which stands for Build Your Dreams .
And the batteries can be 50 percent recharged at a special station in 10 minutes .
The car also has a 1 - liter gas engine , which , according to media reports ( Treehugger and Autoblog Green ) , recharges the batteries to extend the range .
For those of you keeping score , BYD Auto has beaten General Motors and Toyota in bringing a plug - in hybrid to market .
The Chevrolet Volt goes on sale at the end of 2010 .
Toyota is planning a plug - in hybrid , also for 2010 .
“ The development of electric - powered vehicles is the best way for the Chinese auto industry to surpass other leading countries , ” Wang Chuanfu , BYD ’s founder and chairman , told reporters at an unveiling ceremony in Shenzhen .
Mr. Wang added that the F3DM , with a price of about $ 22,000 , initially will be aimed at government agencies and corporate customers .
( In a surreal event , Mr. Wang drove the concept version of the car on the Cobo Center floor during the 2008 Detroit auto show . )
BYD Auto was founded by Mr. Wang in 1995 as a manufacturer of cellphone batteries .
Even though the company only began building cars in 2003 , it has become one of the major players in the Chinese auto industry .
According to The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Wang told reporters that the company plans to sell 350,000 total vehicles in 2009 , which is nearly twice the number sold in 2008 .
The company plans to introduce four new vehicles next year , including an electric car .
In September , Warren Buffett bought 9.9 percent of the firm , which may signal BYD ’s entrance into the United States market in the near future .
Mr. Wang said at the time : “ If BYD were to enter the North American market , Mr. Buffett ’s investment would enhance the BYD brand name . ”
Jaguar Land Rover , which sells swanky vehicles to affluent folks , wants a bailout of its own ( Financial Times ) :
Jaguar Land Rover ( JLR ) , which is owned by India ’s Tata Motors , said … that government intervention in the industry was required .
Help was needed to improve liquidity in the supply chain , support continued investment in carbon - reduction technology and stimulate consumer demand , the company said .
It declined to comment on reports in The Sunday Times that it was seeking £ 1bn in state assistance , saying only that it was talking to the government as part of industry efforts to win support .
David Smith , JLR ’s chief executive , said at the weekend that there would be more significant job losses in the UK ’s motor industry , among manufacturers , suppliers and retailers .
Despite that , JLR said on Sunday it was planning no further job cuts in the immediate future .
“ We think we ’ve done enough for now , ” it said .
“ It obviously does depend on how demand continues from here on .
If it continues to fall and fall , it will be different . ”
The JLR issue begs several points that are decidedly contemporary in nature :
1 ) JLR is owned by India ’s Tata Motors , but is asking Britain for help .
If the state agrees , it will effectively benefit an Indian company while stabilizing its own national economy .
Why is n’t Tata ’s company Tata ’s responsibility ?
If the government steps in , will it demand some return from Tata ?
Britain ’s national economy is at stake , but Tata , watching from a distance , could be the ultimate benefactor .
2 ) It is unnatural for a government to bail out a luxury brand .
I assume JLR ’s pretense for asking for a bailout is that the banking crisis has made it difficult to operate .
Understandable , but –the company sells luxury vehicles .
Banking crisis or not , luxury brands shrink during recessions .
JLR needs to adapt , continue to shrink , and be put up for sale again , if necessary .
The government bailing out a luxury car brand when nobody can afford it anyway smacks of Russian oligarchy .
3 ) The bailout makes more nationalistic than economic sense .
I get the feeling that many proposed bailouts are more sentimental in nature than necessary .
Take GM .
What if it fails ?
This has been discussed in detail in other forums , but there ’s an unspoken X - factor : Foreign companies will take over vital economic machines .
If this happens , profits go abroad , some say jobs disappear ( I would dispute this point ) , and national government loses power .
That ’s the last thing a government wants .
On the other hand , bailing out means that government increases its power , companies maintain national ownership , and the ship stays afloat just a little bit longer .
I have trouble believing that we ’ll look back on this mess in 10 years and say “ Remember how the bailouts saved us ?
Government was so wise . ”
The more likely scenario will involve national bankruptcies , increased supranational oversight ( an expanded IMF , for example ) , and mass corporate sell - offs to foreign entities .
We ’ll bicker about how Chinese companies have taken over our national treasures , but we ’ll have food on the table .
This is not a new phenomenon .
We ’ve done it abroad many times before ; now it ’s our turn .
The best avoidance maneuver would be to let companies fail and refocus resources on more promising industries –wave energy in Britain comes to mind–which the government can play a role in supporting .
Hanging onto carcasses is n’t going to get anyone very far .
By Lucy Williamson
BBC News , Jakarta
Psychedelica was discovered off Indonesia 's Ambon island
A brightly - coloured fish which bounces along the seabed has been hailed as a new species by scientists - who have dubbed it " psychedelica " .
Research published in the US scientific journal Copeia says the fish was spotted by scuba divers off the island of Ambon in eastern Indonesia .
It belongs to the frogfish family , but its looks are unique even among its peers , the journal reported .
The question with this new discovery is how it went unnoticed for so long .
The new psychedelica frogfish is completely covered in swirling concentric stripes - white and blue on a peach background - radiating out from its aqua - coloured eyes .
It has a broad flat face , thick fleshy cheeks and chin , and eyes that look forward like a human's .
The fish was spotted by divers off the coast of Ambon island last year .
The divers described it moving away from them in a series of short hops , its pelvic fins pushing it off the sea bed with each bounce .
" The overall impression " says the Copeia research paper , was of " an inflated rubber ball bouncing along the bottom " .
The species was first discovered almost 20 years ago , but sat on a shelf - wrongly labelled and gathering dust - until this most recent find .
It came to light when the divers were unable to identify the fish from photographs circulated among their colleagues , and sent pictures to a frogfish expert at the University of Washington .
A Japanese company has come up with yet another use for old plastic bottles .
Earlier this month , Teijin Fibers Ltd. announced that they are now supplying recycled polyester fibers to Toyo Tire & Rubber for use as cords in a new line of automobile tire marketed for use on environmentally conscious passenger cars .
Tire cords are embedded in what is called the carcass of the tire — in the area underneath the tread .
The cords provide an enhanced framework to strengthen the tire and thus must be both strong and elastic and yet must also withstand constant friction and stress .
In the past , recycled products were simply not capable of meeting the necessary materials standards for use in the industry , but Teijin ’s new , closed - loop , 100 % Eco Circle recycling system can apparently remove more additives and colorants , purifying recycled bottles and other polyester products to a greater extent than previous techniques .
The company claims that this newly recycled material is equivalent to virgin fiber freshly manufactured .
As such , the production of polyester fibers reduces energy consumption and CO 2 emissions by about 80 % compared to production by petroleum .
Photo Credit : vagawi at flickr via a Creative Commons License
" My guess is that there is a fierce debate within the Obama team , " said Prof Hufbauer .
" This could be very serious .
The US can do what it wants under government procurement rules .
Unfortunately the rest of the world is going to notice : they 'll get their own lawyers to find ways of doing the same thing , " he said .
JREF Swift Blog
Science Vs. Faith Healing
If you watch late night TV , you might see the likes of Peter Popoff or Benny Hinn " healing " people on the stage .
They 'll throw away their crutches , pill bottles , and glasses , and praise Jesus for healing them .
You 'll never see an amputee on the stage though , because apparently God hates amputees .
I doubt you 'll ever see someone with a debilitating neurological disease such as the devastating Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as " Lou Gehrig 's Disease . "
You see , you simply can't fake a cure for that .
But with science , you might be able to have an actual cure .
It 's early yet , but this announcement in Science Daily gives hope that one day , we 'll be able to treat diseases that seem impossible to overcome .
Scientists are now able to make functioning neurons from non-embryonic stem cells .
Forget the technicalities if you 'd like ... this is like unlocking the code to building new nerves , which could allow someone to regain the ability to walk and speak .
You see , science actually DOES things for us .
It provides real results that we use ( and take for granted ) every day .
Faith healing and other witch doctory simply provide the illusion of accomplishing something , much like a magic trick – but without the honesty of a professional magician .
So the next time someone asks you to put your faith in a " healer " rather than science , you can point them to this one accomplishment , and ask why if scientists can make progress against this dread disease , why faith healers can't .
And if they claim they can , there 's a million dollars waiting for them if they prove it .
Jacqui Smith is set to again ignore scientific advice on drug misuse by rejecting advice on reclassifying ecstasy .
The Home Office will ignore a report from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs which has just finished a detailed examination of the actual harm caused by ecstacy .
The group suggested moving ecstacy from Class A , which it shares with cocaine and heroin , to Class B along with speed .
Ketamine is Class C along with Temazepam and anabolic steroids .
Possession of a Class A drug can lead to up to seven years in prison .
Home Office Minister Alan Campbell said : " Ecstasy can and does kill unpredictably .
The Government has a duty to protect the public and firmly believes that ecstasy should remain a Class A drug .
As the ACMD says , the long - term effects of ecstasy use cannot be ruled out .
We are not prepared to send a message to young people that we take ecstasy less seriously . ”
Campbell 's letter to the ACMD said : " The ACMD also report that whilst used in the UK for 20 years , the long terms ( sic ) effects of Ecstacy use ' cannot be ruled out ' " .
That 's the kind of drug - free , clear thinking we 've come to expect from the Home Office .
Smith also ignored scientific advice when she upgraded cannabis from C to B even though downgrading it had led to less people taking it .
Maybe we could save some money by just sacking these scientists rather than paying them to offer advice which the government will then ignore .
Last month Professor David Nutt of the University of Bristol wrote an opinion piece for the Journal of Psychopharmacology which compared society 's perceptions of risk of taking ecstacy with other activities .
The light - hearted piece compared " equasy " or Equine Addiction Syndrome with perceived risks of drugs .
The piece found equasy , or horse riding , caused acute harm to a person once in 350 episodes while ecstacy caused acute harm once in 10,000 episodes .
Nutt asked : " So why are harmful sporting activities allowed , whereas relatively less harmful drugs are not ?
I believe this reflects a societal approach which does not adequately balance the relative risks of drugs against their harms ...
The general public , especially the younger generation , are disillusioned with the lack of balanced political debate about drugs . "
Nutt also said : " This lack of rational debate can undermine the trust in government in relation to drug misuse and thereby undermining the government ’s message in public information campaigns . "
Nutt reportedly got a bollocking from Smith for his contribution to rational debate .
The article is available here ( pdf )
But it is not all Jacqui 's fault - the media also got some blame for confusing the public .
Nutt said a ten year study of media reporting found the likelihood of a newspaper reporting a death from paracetamol was one in 250 , versus one in 50 for diazepam and every single death from ecstacy was reported .
The Home Office has also rejected an ACMD suggestion to offer testing of pills and powders for personal use . ®
Many are injured , some with infected wounds that are weeks old .
As a result , many people have been maimed for life .
Even those who have made it to Vavuniya have no freedom of movement , no access to information , and no options to look for lost family members .
MSF and MSF podcasts : Médecins Sans Frontières ( MSF ) is urgently calling on both parties in the conflict in the Vanni area in northern Sri Lanka to ensure the safety of civilians and to allow access to humanitarian assistance .
In neighbouring Vavuniya , located outside the conflict zone , MSF medical teams are working with hospital staff around the clock .
Ninety percent of the injuries seen are a direct result of the fighting .
People are being brought to hospitals with gun-shot and shrapnel wounds .
In the past two weeks , MSF has performed over 300 operations on patients who were directly wounded in the conflict and it appears this number is just the tip of the iceberg .
An estimated 200,000 Sri Lankans living under desperate conditions are still trapped in the conflict zone in Sri Lanka 's north .
Patients tell MSF how people are being shelled for days on end , with the dead and wounded surrounding them .
There is a severe lack of medical care and not enough food and drinking water .
The stories shared with MSF by those who have managed to escape make painfully clear the desperate situation inside the Vanni .
People have been trapped in active conflict for weeks , hiding in bunkers they have dug themselves .
A few weeks ago , for the first time in months , a significant number of civilians began emerging from the Vanni .
There are now a reported 35,000 people who have managed to reach Vavuniya .
They are tired , hungry , and frightened , and have no information about their family members who did not manage to escape the conflict zone .
Many are injured , some with infected wounds that are weeks old .
As a result , many people have been maimed for life .
Even those who have made it to Vavuniya have no freedom of movement , no access to information , and no options to look for lost family members .
Only a minority of the people trapped inside the Vanni have succeeded in crossing the front line to safer territory .
Most remain caught between the warring parties .
An additional 2,000 sick and wounded people have been transferred from the Vanni to Trincomalee by boat by the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) .
Despite the authorities ' efforts , the medical management of wounded people who were evacuated is becoming a major challenge .
While hospitals in Trincomalee and surrounding areas were initially able to cope with the influx of wounded , some are now reaching full capacity and are in need of additional space , as well as medicine and medical materials .
MSF visited several hospitals following the arrival of the first medical evacuations and is in contact with local health authorities in order to identify support that can be provided to the hospitals .
As MSF has been denied access to the population trapped inside the Vanni , the organization is relying on the personal accounts of patients to highlight what is happening there .
One 53 - year - old woman told MSF staff how her family spent days in a bunker without food and water .
Out of desperation , and despite the shelling , they left their bunker to get some food when three out of her 15 family members were killed on the spot .
Her daughter was seriously wounded by shrapnel and is now in Vavuniya Hospital .
Some of her relatives had to stay behind in the Vanni .
She does not know whether they are still alive .
This is only one example and many any people tell a similar story .
MSF teams are still unable to enter the Vanni to evaluate the needs of the affected population and provide urgently needed medical care .
Together with other international organizations , MSF has been denied access since September 2008 .
Only selected MSF documents are posted on Reliefweb .
For a complete selection of MSF news , please visit the MSF International website
We should n't be surprised that an election that has come to be about race and culture is also the first in which the sitting president refuses to agree to a peaceful transfer of power .
Both of us — a white Christian and a Black Christian , both evangelicals — have both been noticing how differently white people and Black people , even those on the same side of the political aisle , are talking about what we are up against .
Matthews admits saying ' Oh God ' before Jindal spoke RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday February 25 , 2009
Print This Email This " MSNBC 's Chris Matthews quietly uttered " Oh God " as Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal prepared to give the Republican Party response to President Barack Obama 's speech to Congress , " the AP reported Wednesday .
" An NBC executive , who requested anonymity because the network is still looking into the matter , named Matthews as the one who made the live mike slip - it was so quiet most listeners would n't be able to identify the speaker , " the AP article added .
" The Huffington Post posted a link to the comment and asked viewers to guess Wednesday who had made it : 32 percent had guessed Matthews , 35 percent said it was co-anchor Keith Olbermann , 15 percent said it was an MSNBC camera operator and 18 percent thought it was a producer . "
Politico's Michael Calderone confirms it was Matthews .
The MSNBC host who toyed with seeking a Senate seat as a Democrat will explain on his show Hardball why he said it , but will do so without Jindal , who rejected an offer to appear on the show .
" I was taken aback by that peculiar stagecraft , the walking from somewhere in the back of this narrow hall , this winding staircase looming there , the odd anti-bellum look of the scene , " Matthews said in a statement provided to Calderone .
" Was this some mimicking of a president walking along the state floor to the East Room ?
Calderon also noted that this is n't the first " oh God " incident for Matthews .
" Chris Matthews muttered ' Oh , God ' under his breath after Rep. Ron Paul responded to a question he asked during the May 3 , 2007 GOP debate , " non-liberal blog 24 ahead observed nearly two years ago .
This video is from MSNBC , broadcast Feb. 24 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Global Voices has discussed the issue of censorship on Facebook and YouTube , particularly as it relates to the current Israeli attacks on Gaza .
Today , however , it was discovered by a Global Voices reader that several “ pro- Gaza ” Facebook groups have been hacked , apparently by the Jewish Internet Defense Force ( JIDF ) , the same group mentioned in our previous article .
A portion of the group 's about page reads :
We are a non-violent protest group who share concerns about antisemitic online content , as well as content which promotes terrorism on sites including Facebook , YouTube , Wikipedia , Google Earth , Blogger , and other sites and forums throughout the internet .
The JIDF believes in direct action both to eradicate the problems we face online and to create the publicity that will cause those with the power ( companies like Facebook and Google ) to take the needed action themselves .
While one reader of our previous article claimed that JIDF is not pro-censorship …
Get it straight .
The JIDF is not pro-censorship .
They are for people abiding by ISP rules .
There are very clear rules against the promotion of hatred and violence in places like YouTube and Facebook .
Trying to have those rules enforced is hardly censorship .
Your value judgment and misunderstanding of the JIDF is wrong .
… We were surprised to discover that members of the organization are allegedly behind this Facebook group hack :
That screenshot was taken at approximately 14:00 EST .
Less than an hour later , the group was restored , with a new image reflecting their frustration at the hack :
Yet another group remains hacked :
The description of the group has been changed to say :
Closed .
Due to fact that Palestine is not a country .
All you have is a mucky flag and a terrorist government .
So far the JIDF has not responded to queries via e-mail or Twitter , though a friend of the group informally told me that the hacks were done by JIDF fans , not members .
EDIT , 16:20 EST :
The JIDF has responded on Twitter :
Those of us who hoped that we had heard the last from Gov. Palin ( at least until the next presidential election ) were disappointed when she went on the warpath this week against the media for what she called inaccurate reports about her daughter Bristol .
As you know , Bristol recently gave birth to a son , Tripp Easton Mitchell Johnston , making Palin a grandmother .
But when the media mentioned that Bristol is still not married to the baby ’s father , Levi Johnston , and that both of them dropped out of high school , Palin went ballistic , calling up People Magazine , the Associated Press , and the Anchorage Daily News .
Palin is claiming that Bristol and Levi are not high school dropouts , because they both plan on finishing up high school at some point in the future .
I guess that means that I can start claiming that I ’m a doctor because I plan to go to medical school .
The simple truth is that both Levi and Bristol dropped out of high school .
Levi even started work as an electrical apprentice .
He is enrolled in a correspondence program to get his GED , but that does n’t mean he is n’t a dropout .
It really is n’t a big deal , and I sincerely hope that they get their high school degrees as soon as possible .
But what ’s ironic is that by making a fuss about it , Palin has again shown that she is a disaster dealing with the media .
What would have been a largely ignored detail is now a big story , because she made it one .
It probably would n’t even have been mentioned in the first place if Palin was n’t so vocal about “ family values ” .
When someone with a “ holier than thou ” attitude ends up with an out - of - wedlock grandson born to parents who dropped out of high school , of course it is going to be mentioned in the media .
Attacking the media for the report is just stupid .
And fighting back by claiming that they are not high school dropouts shows only that you have a tenuous grasp of the truth .
UPDATE : Levi Johnston had to quit his job , because he does n’t have a high school diploma .
L1sp.org
L1sp.org is a redirect service for Common Lisp documentation .
For example , try these links :
You can also search for symbols :
Symbol redirects are available for alexandria , asdf , ccl , cffi , cl , cl - fad , cl-gd , clim , clisp , cl - ppcre , cl-unicode , cl- webdav , cl - who , clx , documentation - template , drakma , flexi- streams , hunchentoot , lisp , mop , pcl , and sbcl .
Questions or comments ?
Email me .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The government is warning that taking the psoriasis drug Raptiva could result in serious brain infection and even death .
Raptiva may cause a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy .
The Food and Drug Administration cited three confirmed cases , and a possible fourth , of people diagnosed with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( PML ) after being treated with Raptiva .
" Three of those patients have died , " the FDA said in a public health advisory .
" All four patients were treated with the drug for more than three years . "
None was receiving other treatments that suppress the immune system .
Raptiva 's product labeling was revised in October to highlight a boxed warning about the risks of life - threatening infections , including PML .
" At that time , the FDA directed Genentech , the manufacturer , to develop a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy ( REMS ) to include a medication guide to educate patients about the drug 's risks , " the FDA 's advisory says .
In the advisory , issued Thursday , the FDA highlighted the confirmed cases and promised to " take appropriate steps " to ensure that Raptiva 's risks do not outweigh its benefits .
The FDA also said it will ensure that patients " are clearly informed of the signs and symptoms of PML " and that health care professionals " carefully monitor patients for the possible development of PML . "
Health Library MayoClinic.com : Psoriasis
Overseas , the European Medicines Agency has gone further , recommending that no new prescriptions for Raptiva be issued and that patients taking the drug talk to their doctors about an alternative .
On Thursday it asked the European Commission to make that recommendation legally binding .
The group 's Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use determined " that the benefits of Raptiva no longer outweigh its risks , because of safety concerns , including the occurrence of progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy in patients taking the medicine . "
It said patients who have been treated with the drug should be " closely monitored for neurological symptoms and symptoms of infection . "
" Patients who are currently taking Raptiva should not stop treatment abruptly , but should make an appointment with their doctor to discuss the most appropriate replacement treatment , " the agency said .
Raptiva , a once - weekly injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis , works by suppressing T - cells -- cells that help fight infection -- in the immune system .
Those cells cause the skin inflammation associated with psoriasis .
By suppressing T - cells , Raptiva " decreases the function of the immune system , which increases a patient 's susceptibility to infections , " the FDA said .
The National Institutes of Health says the prognosis for PML " remains grim ; the disease usually lasts for months and 80 percent die within the first six months , although spontaneous improvement has been reported .
Those who survive PML can be left with severe neurological disabilities . "
Around 6 million to 7 million Americans have psoriasis , which is incurable , the NIH says .
All About Food and Drug Administration
Sharon
On this subject I ’ve got some prior writings , so we ’ll start with those :
1. Getting a two week basic supply up : http://sharonastyk.com/2008/03/04/food-storage-101-part-i/
2 . Why two weeks really is not sufficient : http://sharonastyk.com/2008/07/08/food-storage-102-2-weeks-is-not-enough/
3 . Very super cheap beginner food storage with help from a mouse friend : http://sharonastyk.com/2008/10/17/friday-food-storage-not-quite-so-quickie-5-week-beginner-food-storage/
But rather than tell you how much food to store ( although I ’m still going to suggest a 3 month minimum if you can manage it ) , I thought I ’d talk rather about different strategies as embodied in different quantities and approaches , what they can do , and what the downsides are – because everything has costs and benefits .
So here are some possible approaches and quantities :
1 . The “ I want some Extra Food , But I Do n’t Want To Pick a Time Frame or Feel Like I Have to Buy One Particular Thing ” approach .
This way of going at it says “ I ’m just going to buy an extra of all the storage - ready things , or can as much of my garden as I can , but I ’m not going to set formal goals for myself or try and calculate how much I have .
Pluses of this strategy :
No pressure , minimal planning , you are sure to get food you ’ll eat since you are buying what you eat anyway .
Downsides of this strategy :
If you normally eat things that are n’t storable , you are probably getting a somewhat unbalanced menu , you do n’t get the economic benefits of narrowing down what you want and buying in bulk , and you do n’t really know how long it would last you .
Who this might work best for :
People without time and energy to approach this another way , people intimidated by thinking in terms of big sacks of grain , small families of adults , people who are n’t very worried about the future .
2 . The “ I want the Two Weeks that FEMA / The Red Cross say I need ” folks .
This way says “ At least at first , my priority is to get two weeks of food so that we can endure a short term crisis caused by a hurricane , ice storm , etc … ”
Pluses of this strategy :
You know you have a supply , it is n’t very costly to build up this much , most disasters so far really do involve rescue in two weeks , it does n’t take a lot of space to store this much food , you are probably mobile with it - you do n’t have an investment in anything you ca n’t stick mostly in the trunk of your car .
Downsides of this strategy :
More costly , since bulk purchasing probably wo n’t be an option unless you have a large household , Quite a few disasters , including a couple in just the last few years have involved longer periods than two weeks , so it might not be adequate , Does n’t provide much of a cushion for an economic crisis ( ie , job loss ) , for such a short time you might not feel motivated to rotate / eat what you store , store what you eat , and thus a shift to “ emergency food ” may be more disruptive than you expect .
3. The “ Three Month Supply Strategy . ”
This is my personal minimum recommendation , particularly if you are really integrating it into your daily diet ( ie , rotating , eating and maintaining ) because it allows you simply stop shopping for a while , if , say , you have an economic crisis and ca n’t afford to , or a major illness and do n’t have the time .
It also fits with existing government guidelines for quarantine measures in the case of an epidemic – that is , the US and Australian governments , among others , are assuming that you might have to be housebound for 3 months at a time , but they do n’t have any good plan for how you might actually eat during that period .
So perhaps you should .
Pluses of this strategy :
Three months is much less overwhelming and intimidating than a year ’s supply , storage is probably manageable for people in all but the very tiniest homes and apartments , cost is fairly manageable for many people – even on food stamps it should be possible over time .
This quantity really is the first at which economies of scale can be used , getting lower prices for cases and bulk quantities .
If you integrate this into your daily eating , this also means no major dietary shift if you have to rely on this .
For those in moderate climates , three may be sufficient to cover one mild winter season or summer dry season .
Shopping frequency declines because you do n’t run out as often .
Downside of this strategy :
If you have to leave or evacuate your home , you risk a major economic loss , accumulating three months of food , even very gradually can be too expensive for low income households , requires you to make space to store and manage food , requires you to rethink menus and adapt your eating to eat what you store , etc… , takes time to manage , particularly if you plan to home preserve some or all of it .
Shopping frequency only can decline if you have some kind of powered vehicle or help getting everything home – this can be tough on people living in dense cities who do n’t like carrying 50 lb sacks of lentils on their bikes or on the bus .
4 . Six months supply :
This is a nice , solid amount of food .
It does require some real space to maintain and store it , but it gives you a lot of options , including eating your stores down during mildly inconvenient times , just to save money .
If you keep this much , you ’ll almost certainly be living the “ food storage lifestyle ” , that is , your diet will involve a lot of these ingredients .
Pluses of this strategy :
You have a lot of food , and can weather a lot of long term crises , particularly economic ones very well .
You should have to shop only rarely – once a month or less for non-perishables .
By the time you have this much , you should probably be able to produce a fairly varied diet from food storage .
This is the traditional quantity for those in cold or very dry climates with a long season in which nothing grows – you ’ll be able to get from one growing season to the next .
Since food prices have been even more volatile than energy prices in some ways , the odds are good that you ’ll be saving money in the longer term , prepares you for major societal upheaval if you worry about that sort of thing .
Downside of the strategy : Costs a fair bit to accumulate , may well be out of the range of many people .
You then have a large investment in food and could lose it in a flood or fire .
Requires a considerable amount of space and maintenence .
If TEOTWAWKI never actually happens and you do n’t eat your food down , you may feel rather silly .
When people ask you how much food you have stored , you ’ll probably be embarassed .
5 . “ Everything but the kitchen sink … 1 year or more . ”
This is the strategy of prudent nut - jobs all over .
Pluses of this strategy :
You have a giant , wonkin ’ quantity of food .
The zombies can come – you are all set .
Downside of the strategy :
You have a giant , wonkin ’ quantity of food .
You may get bored waiting for zombies .
More seriously this level of food storage means that you almost never have to shop ( the grocery store is your pantry ) – you can reduce trips out for anything other than perishables ( and may not that depending on what you ’ve got growing or preserving ) to once a quarter .
Assuming you can come up with the money to keep your home , you could stay tight even through a bad growing season and an extended job loss .
In a shorter term situation , it allows you to feed more than yourself , allowing for extra guests , and generosity without fear of deprivation .
The downside is that it takes time , money and energy to manage and accumulate .
It is a fairly tough thing to transport , so if you have a fire or a flood , you ’ll lose your investment .
It is probably best suited to people who are unlikely to evacuate .
It takes space to store , which is fine if you ’ve got it , but since you pay for floor space , might push up your housing costs .
And if you do n’t pay attention to it , you will lose some of your investment .
Is cheapest if you do some of the putting up yourself , which takes time and some equipment .
So what ’s your plan , if any ?
Sharon
The nation ’s postmaster general says delivering mail six days a week may no longer be feasible for an agency facing deficits in the billions .
John E. Potter told a congressional panel Wednesday that cutting mail delivery by one day a week may be necessary to curb a projected loss of more than $ 6 billion for this fiscal year .
He asked a Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs subcommittee to lift the six - day delivery requirement mandated in 1983 .
“ It is possible that the cost of six - day delivery may simply prove to be unaffordable , ” he said .
But the proposal was not well received by some subcommittee members .
Advertisement
“ I am very disappointed that Postmaster Potter would come before the committee and advocate , as a potential solution to this economic crisis , the elimination of the requirement of six - day - a - week delivery , ” said Sen. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) , ranking member of the Homeland Security committee .
Potter attributed the Postal Service ’s $ 2.8 billion debt at the end of fiscal 2008 to decreased mail volume and higher costs .
The service has been hit hard by an increase in e-mail usage .
Mail volume dropped by 4.5 % , or more than 9 billion items , last year , to about 202 billion items , according to the service .
But lawmakers are n’t convinced that reducing service days is the best solution .
“ Rather than helping it recover , I believe cutting services would ultimately be a death spiral for the postal service , ” because business would look elsewhere , Collins said .
Advertisement
“ Cutting back the days of postal service should be a last , not first , option to keep the postal service afloat during these difficult economic times , ” said a spokesperson for Sen .
Thomas R. Carper ( D - Del. ) , who is the subcommittee ’s chair .
Potter also asked that Congress alter the postal service ’s payment schedule for funding retiree health benefits , which he described as a “ crippling cost burden . ”
He said the agency had cut costs by freezing executives ’ salaries , halting new construction and reducing its workforce by more than 120,000 employees since 2002 .
Sure , you could have status shown in your bash prompt but that ’s not your only option for shells !
zsh , or Z Shell is another popular command line interface that is in use by plenty of programmers , and there ’s quite a few scripts that will get your repo ’s status shown easily and quickly .
Joshua Corbin has thrown together a fantastic set of scripts dubbed zsh - git that provides a great mix of colors and information about your repository .
The basics are explained on the project page but images are a lot more fun .
This is what the shell looks by default .
Plenty of colors , and even using both sides of the screen !
In a repository with no changes , it shows the branch name and where HEAD is currently pointing :
Once a change is made , a ! appears ( git status is run since the author can’t break habits easily )
If untracked files are created , it adds ? to the prompt , and adding files causes a + to be printed to the prompt .
Also , if you ’re tracking the branch , it will alert you and let you know when you ’re ahead in commits .
If you ’re looking for a more DIY version , Bart Trojanowski has a great tutorial on adding branch status that can be easily extended .
If you ’re looking for another nice and easy zsh setup , zshkit and its various forks are fun to use and come packaged with plenty of helper commands .
Of course , if you have other zsh scripts or different shells that deserve their own tip , submit one !
Editor 's note : Marian Salzman is chief marketing officer and a partner at Porter Novelli Worldwide and is co-author of " The Future of Men " and " Next Now . "
She was named among the " top five trendspotters " by VNU in 2004 and has been credited with popularizing the term " metrosexuality . "
She blogs at www.pnintelligentdialogue.com.
Marian Salzman says the economy has pushed romance down some people 's priority lists
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
After months of talk of bank bailouts and auto - industry rescues , along came Larry Flynt .
The long - embattled porn purveyor had a cheeky message to Congress , requesting a bailout for the adult entertainment industry , to recover losses stemming from the nation 's low libido .
" People are too depressed to be sexually active , " Flynt said .
" This is very unhealthy . "
Whatever you make of Flynt , he has a point .
In a recent Porter Novelli survey , we asked Americans whether or not they view themselves as romantic .
Back in 2003 , when we first popped the question , less than half of respondents answered yes .
This time , the numbers had slipped for both women ( from 44 percent to 42 percent ) and men ( from 38 percent to 36 percent ) .
It 's not surprising to see romantic feelings on a downturn .
For many of us , sex and romance have been kicked to the back of the priority line , behind concerns about layoffs , plummeting home values and dwindling bank accounts .
Every day , as more people are shut out of their careers or lose their hold on a regular income , they 're left with their self - worth hanging in the balance .
Then , feeling depressed , introverted and uninterested in sex , they leave their partners feeling cast aside and inadequate .
In her recent Forbes column , octogenarian sexpert Dr. Ruth Westheimer urged couples to keep an eye on the bigger picture , to keep the lines of communication open and , above all else , not to take diminished desire personally .
" This economic tsunami is going to have a negative effect not only in the boardroom but the bedroom , " she wrote .
Financial anxieties , together with our 24/7 connectivity obsessions , are changing the face of intimacy .
Our new total tech addictions have us more interested in updating our Twitter feeds , monitoring our Facebook friends and spilling our guts on our blogs than in connecting live and in real time .
Zimbabwean law student Chelsy Davy recently bid a royal Facebook goodbye to longtime flame Prince Harry by changing her relationship status to " single , " signaling to her friends ( and the British media ) that their five - year affair was through .
Online oversharing recently brought Internet and real - world fame to young New York writer Emily Gould .
A former editor of wildly popular media - industry gossip site Gawker.com chronicled her sex life and breakups ( including one with a co-worker ) on that site as well as on her own blog , developing a love / hate relationship with her readers who offered their sometimes brutal opinions in the comments section .
Is there an upside to our obsession with tech - enabled virtual relationships ?
We 're certainly learning to be much clearer about what we want .
Fifteen years ago , I worked with Glamour and Esquire magazines to develop risqué poll questions that would unearth men's and women 's real attitudes about sex .
We wanted to find out who did what with whom , when , why and how ; what people fantasized about ; what they hated and what they hoped for .
This sort of intimate information was ( and still is ) captivating .
But back then , it also carried a shock value that no longer exists today .
These days , people simply place an ad on Craigslist describing -- in detail -- their most intimate fantasy , along with a description of who they want to help them attain it .
No money , no strings attached .
Singles with less cash for bar tabs are increasingly turning online to shop around for dates , long - term partners or just for a quick tryst -- a spike in activity that will give more cachet to Internet dating and remove any remaining stigma of placing a personal ad .
Complex search capabilities make it easier than ever to tap into a precise community .
For instance , PlanetOut connects gay singles ;
Nerve caters to hipsters ; Jdate was launched to match up Jewish men and women , though a number of non-Jews populate the service too .
Users can sort prospects by religious affiliation , height , weight , even literary preferences or income bracket .
They can chat via e-mail , phone , even video before they ever meet in person , lessening the chances of wasting time or money on an in - person date with an unsuitable mate .
As more and more people get comfortable with sharing ( and oversharing ) the details of life , love , sex and money online , this kind of transparency becomes the new normal .
And it 's not just millennials who are playing this game ; even 40 - , 50 - and 60 - somethings are hooking up , putting out and breaking up online , for the world to see .
While Emily Gould may profess to regret some of her decisions , in the end she scored a New York Times Magazine cover and a six - figure book deal for her pains .
If Dr. Ruth wants us to keep the lines of communication open , there 's no doubt we have the tools for it .
Our current crisis and our connectivity are certainly changing the way we relate to one another , but they can't kill romance .
In fact , the best thing about romance is that it 's fun , it feels good , and when necessary , it can be had on a budget .
For now , let 's hope for a proliferation of what Michael Alvear , sex columnist and co-host of HBO 's " The Sex Inspectors , " calls Recession Sex :
" If you 're coupled , you 're going to spend more time at home , and at some point that TV 's gotta be turned off .
The nesting impulse will increase your resting pulse . "
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marian Salzman .
All About Ruth Westheimer • Chelsy Davy
Previously , physicists have shown that they could use teleportation to transfer information from one photon to another or between nearby atoms .
In the new research , the scientists used light to transfer quantum information between two well - separated atoms .
“ It ’s that hybrid approach that we ’ve demonstrated that looks to be an interesting way to proceed , ” said Christopher Monroe , a University of Maryland physicist and the senior author of a paper describing the research in the Jan. 23 issue of the journal Science .
Present - day digital computers store information as zeroes and ones .
In a future quantum computer , a single bit of information could be both zero and one at the same time .
( In essence , a quantum coin toss would be both heads and tails until someone actually looked at the coin , at which time the coin instantly becomes one or the other . )
In theory , a quantum computer could calculate certain types of problems much more quickly than digital computers .
In the experiment , two ytterbium ions , cooled to a fraction of a degree above absolute zero , served as the two quantum coins .
A microwave pulse wrote quantum information onto one ; a second microwave pulse placed the ion into a state of equal probabilities of heads and tails .
A laser then induced each ion to emit exactly one photon , collected by a lens and guided through fiber optics to a beam splitter that could reflect the photons or let them pass through .
Two detectors then captured and recorded the photons .
Because it was not known which photon came from which atom , the photons became “ entangled , ” meaning that the behavior of the two particles became wrapped up in a single equation even though they were not in the same place .
And , oddly , because the photons were emitted by the ions , the two ions also became entangled .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Obama administration on Sunday pushed back until Tuesday the announcement of a keenly awaited bank rescue plan as it pressed lawmakers to settle their differences over a huge economic stimulus package .
“ We ’re focussed on working with Congress to pass an economic recovery bill so we can create the jobs and make the investments necessary to get our economy moving again , ” Treasury Department spokesman Isaac Baker said .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner will outline the bailout plan in a speech at 11 a.m. EST ( 4 p.m. British time ) on Tuesday , the Treasury Department said .
The announcement of the bank rescue plan -- which will seek to shore up some of the biggest commercial banks in the United States -- had been due on Monday .
But the Senate is now expected to be focussed on that day on a massive economic stimulus ahead of a vote on Tuesday .
For that reason , Geithner had postponed release of the bank plan , Baker said in a statement .
The stimulus and the bank rescue plan are key parts of President Barack Obama ’s strategy for tackling the deepest financial crisis in the United States since the Great Depression .
Shares in major U.S. banks such as Bank of America and Citigroup have been volatile in recent weeks on speculation about the contents of the financial rescue plan .
White House National Economic Council Director Lawrence Summers said the administration wants to keep lawmakers concentrating on the stimulus plan .
“ There ’s a desire to keep the focus right now on the economic recovery program , which is so very , very important , ” Summers said on ABC television ’s “ This Week . ”
Summers urged lawmakers to craft quickly a compromise on competing House and Senate versions of the economic stimulus bill that could be worth more than $ 800 billion ( 539.6 billion pounds ) and which the White House hopes will create 3 million to 4 million jobs .
HOUSE - SENATE NEGOTIATIONS
After the Senate vote , the stimulus plan must still go through final negotiations between the Senate and the House of Representatives before it can be sent to Obama to sign it into law .
Geithner had been scheduled to detail on Monday how the administration plans to use the $ 350 billion remaining of the $ 700 billion so - called Troubled Asset Relief Program financial bailout program .
Banks worldwide have been laid low by huge losses on U.S. mortgage - related debts .
The scarcity of credit is choking the U.S. economy , which is mired in a deepening recession .
The Bush administration used the bailout program primarily to inject capital into banks in order to keep them from crumbling .
Obama ’s team is now turning its efforts to cleaning up the “ toxic ” assets clogging the financial system and it is expected to propose a range of measures , including further state acquisitions of stakes in banks , buying up some toxic assets and guaranteeing banks for losses on others .
Summers suggested the bank rescue plan may offer incentives for private investors to buy mortgage - related assets that have lost value because of the collapsed U.S. housing market .
“ It ca n’t all be private capital , ” Summers said on “ Fox News Sunday . ”
“ But with the right kinds of government guarantees , with the right kinds of financing ... with the right strategic approaches , Secretary Geithner believes that we can bring in substantial private capital , ” Summers said .
He pointed to a similar approach already adopted by the Federal Reserve , which has announced plans to buy mortgage - backed securities , resulting in dropping mortgage rates .
The head of Obama ’s Council of Economic Advisers , Christina Romer , noted on CBS ’ “ Face the Nation ” that the administration has already pledged that $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion would be used to help people with distressed mortgages .
Geithner told Democrat lawmakers on Saturday that the administration would require banks getting public aid under a new rescue plan to help struggling homeowners by reworking their mortgages , Democratic sources said .
The Obama administration is also designing a mortgage rescue program that would see Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ease payments for hundreds of thousands of borrowers and offer a model for Wall Street to do the same , sources familiar with the plan said .
The government ’s two largest foreclosure prevention initiatives of the last 12 months have fallen flat with only a handful of borrowers having been helped despite promises that hundreds of thousands would qualify .
As " Darwinism " became widely accepted in the 1870s , caricatures of him appeared .
This one , called " A Venerable Orang - outang , " was published in The Hornet , a satirical magazine .
In a new survey , a quarter of Britons say they believe Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution is " definitely true , " with another quarter saying it is " probably true . "
That left half of the 2,060 people surveyed stating they were either strongly opposed to the theory or confused about it .
That 's how the survey was presented in The Guardian , with a headline claiming " half of Britons do not believe in evolution . "
To those who know evolution to be a solid scientific theory , this poll might seem a glum assessment of public opinion .
But let 's break that latter half down , as the Guardian subsequently did :
About 10 percent of the survey respondents said they favor creationism , the idea that God created us and everything in seven days sometime roughly 6,000 years ago .
Another 12 percent put their stock in intelligent design , an idea ( not a theory ) stating that life is too complex to not imagine something — presumably God — having a hand in it .
" The remainder were unsure , often mixing evolution , intelligent design and creationism together , " the Guardian article states .
By my calculation , that means only 22 percent reject evolution outright .
That 's significantly different than the newspaper 's headline .
It 's also quite different from frequently cited surveys in the United States that apparently have found more than half the population does n't believe in evolution .
Those surveys are typically flawed , too , however , or their results are discussed way out of context .
Here 's why :
The confluence of evolution and religion is a very tricky topic for pollsters to get at , because many people hold multiple views .
Among them :
Some people agree that evolution is at work in the animal kingdom but do n't see it having a role in humans .
Others are comfortable with the notion that humans have evolved but figure God either set it all in motion or actually keeps a hand in the process all along , with the assumption ( by some in this group ) that scientists are pretty darn clueless .
Still others see the theory of evolution as a scientific concept , whereas God is a spiritual concept , and the two have nothing to do with each other .
At either end of the spectrum , of course , are those who reject evolution and those who reject God .
When pollsters work to take all these shades of thought into account , they can get numbers like this :
In a FASEB poll of likely U.S. voters last year , researchers asked respondents about their views on the evolution of " all living things " and found that 61 percent accepted that " all living things have evolved over time . "
Of those , 36 percent thought all living things " evolved due to natural processes such as natural selection , " and 25 percent thought " a supreme being guided the evolution of living things for the purpose of creating life in the form it exists today . "
There 's another huge problem that suggests surveys of this nature typically do n't delve deeply enough into what people really think :
Some people simply know very little about what evolution theory is , and in fact very little about the scientific concepts that underpin the theory , including modern genetics .
Their answers to out - of - the - blue questions from a telephone pollster may come with little thought , perhaps rooted in emotion or , in some cases , even wishful thinking .
And if they do think , many people may not really know what they think about all this because unlike scientists , educators , activists and LiveScience readers , they do n't sit around pondering all this too much .
As an illustration of how little Americans know about basic science , The FASEB study also analyzed the results from a 10 - country survey in which adults were tested with 10 true or false statements about basic concepts from genetics .
One of the statements was " All plants and animals have DNA . "
( The correct answer is " yes . " )
Americans had a median score of 4 .
Imagine framing a poll question this way : " When over a few generations a virus mutates to resist the effects of an antibiotic , thereby becoming deadly to humans , that 's an example of evolution .
Do you believe in evolution ? "
All this matters because the theory of evolution is one of the most well - supported theories of science , and scientists and most science teachers think it should be taught in science class without religious ideas such as creationism and intelligent design .
( Intelligent design purports to simply offer an alternative way of looking at the theory of evolution , but in reality it is a sneaky means by its promoters to bring creationism into science classrooms , critics say . )
If evolution is put side - by - side with creationism or intelligent design , the thinking goes , then teachers do students a disservice by suggesting it's all science , thereby failing to instill proper critical - thinking skills in the students .
The British poll was done by the polling agency ComRes on behalf of the Theos think tank .
Footnote :
You 're going to be hearing a lot about Charles Darwin this year , because the father of the theory of evolution would be 200 years old .
There will be worthwhile discoveries regarding evolution that happen to coincide with the hoopla , and then there will be feature stories written to sell newspapers and drive web traffic , many of them rooted in well - meaning efforts by scientific organizations and institutions aiming to battle those who would tear evolution down .
Thought you ought to know .
Evolution News and Information
Robert Roy Britt is the Editorial Director of Imaginova .
In this column , The Water Cooler , he takes a daily look at what people are talking about in the world of science and beyond .
Here ’s a cry for another 15 minutes if I ’ve ever seen one .
This Makin’ Da Band member named Chopper City got caught in a threesome with 2 girls .
I have no idea who this dude is , I do know this sex tape sucks , but I figured I ’d post it anyway , because I like supporting all things related to trying to get exposure by fucking on camera , even if you do things stupid , black and white and from garbage fucking angles , it ’s still a sex tape being released in hopes getting some Paris Hilton , Pam Anderson , Kardashian success , when the only success they ’ll really get is successfully making a fool of themselves and successfully getting rejected from all future jobs at Burger King after the district manager google searches motherfucker ’s name .
Some Useless Making Da Band Sex Tape of the Day
Posted in : Chopper City|Makin' Da Band|Sex Tape
Winter is on its way , but that does n’t necessarily mean it ’s time to hole up indoors until springtime ( although some days it can definitely be tempting ) .
For most , staying inside all day is n’t an option – there ’s chores , picking the kids up from school , walking the dog , shoveling snow , and of course , going to work every day .
However , with the right clothing you can conquer the cold ( no matter how much you may dislike it ) so that you do n’t have to hide for the season .
Here is a guide to what you can wear to work that will keep you warm and looking great .
[ Read more … ] about Embracing the Cold : Your Essential Work Wardrobe
Main >
Archives > 2009 > February > Friday the 13th Fears Cost U.S. $ 900 million in lost business
Friday , February 13 , 2009
Friday the 13th Fears Cost U.S. $ 900 million in lost business
Numbers have a funny impact on people , and Friday the 13th is the perfect example .
According to a study by the Stress Management Center and Phobia Institute in Asheville , North Carolina , the infamous date causes superstitous people to radically adjust their lifestyle on the dreaded day .
A National Geographic article titled " Friday the 13th rooted in ancient history " claims that 17 to 21 million people are afflicted by the phobia known as " paraskavedekatriaphobia " with symptoms ranging from mild anxiety to full blown panic attacks .
included this interesting quote from the Phobia Institute 's founder , Donald Dossey :
It 's been estimated that [ U.S ] $ 800 or $ 900 million is lost in business on this day because people will not fly or do business they would normally do .
Of course , you can't mention Friday the 13th without thinking of Jason Voorhees , the vengeful serial killer in a slasher horror movie franchise that , like Jason , just would n't die .
Somehow they managed to create Jason 10 - A.K.A. Jason X , where Jason was frozen in time , picked up by a spaceship , and resurrected for " medical study " .
A remake , directed by by Marcus Nispel , was released in theaters today .
As for the historical roots , there 's no clearly - defined single source , but it 's tied to ancient fears regarding the number 13 and the day of Friday .
Dossey credits Paraskavedekatriaphobia to a a myth involving an unwanted , 13th guest who sabotaged a dinner party .
He described the myth to National Geographic .
The uninvited 13th guest , the mischievous Loki .
Once there , Loki arranged for Hoder , the blind god of darkness , to shoot Balder the Beautiful , the god of joy and gladness , with a mistletoe - tipped arrow .
Balder died and the whole Earth got dark .
The whole Earth mourned .
It was a bad , unlucky day .
From that moment on , the number 13 has been considered ominous and foreboding .
By Matt O'Hern at 10:19 AM |
NEW YORK / CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Citigroup
Inc said it was using $ 36.5 billion in taxpayer bailout money to boost lending as political pressure intensified for the bank to end a $ 400 million baseball stadium sponsorship deal .
Both developments reflect the U.S. government ’s increasing sway over Citigroup , which was once the largest bank in the world but has been weakened by more than $ 80 billion in writedowns and credit losses .
“ The government is the invisible hand at Citigroup now .
You have to believe that on big strategic decisions , they are having an influence , ” said Walter Todd , portfolio manager at Greenwood Capital Associates .
Citigroup said in a report on Tuesday it will use much of the bailout money to make government - backed loans , including $ 10 billion of home loans supported by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the quasi - governmental mortgage companies that were essentially nationalized last summer .
The U.S. government has injected $ 45 billion of capital into Citigroup since October through the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) .
The extensive government support has added a new political dimension to the bank ’s decisions .
Citigroup is considering backing out of a $ 400 million marketing agreement signed in 2006 with the New York Mets baseball team , the Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday .
The 20 - year deal includes naming rights for a new stadium .
The potential quashing of the deal follows a letter that U.S. Rep. Dennis Kucinich and Rep. Ted Poe sent to U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner last week , suggesting the government press Citigroup to end the contract .
It is not clear how likely Citigroup is to end the deal .
At least one sports banker who asked not to be named cautioned it would be difficult for Citigroup to bail out of a contract it signed .
The New York Mets said in a Tuesday statement : “ In conversations this morning , Citi reinforced that they will honor our legally binding agreement . ”
Citigroup said the bank signed a legally binding agreement with the Mets , adding that TARP money would not be used .
If Citigroup does go through with the Mets deal , any impact on its bottom line would likely be minimal .
The roughly $ 20 million in annual expenses from the Mets deal would be a fraction of a percent of the bank ’s $ 61.2 billion in operating expenses in 2008 .
The bank spent about $ 250 million on media spending in the first three quarters of 2008 , according to TNS Media Intelligence .
A taxi passes a Citibank branch in Singapore , January 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Alywin Chew .
“ Congress seems to be spending all their time on small issues that play well in the press , like executive jets and sports deals , ” said James Ellman , president at hedge fund Seacliff Capital in San Francisco .
“ I do n’t understand why they ’re not focusing on setting up a program to resolve the banking crisis , ” Ellman added .
Last week , Citigroup canceled an order for a $ 50 million executive jet it placed in 2005 after politicians balked at the planned purchase .
Sanford “ Sandy ” Weill , the architect of Citigroup , said Sunday he would give up use of corporate aircraft .
Citigroup Chief Executive Vikram Pandit is among the CEOs scheduled to appear at a February 11 hearing of the U.S. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee .
CEOs from Bank of America Corp , Wells Fargo & Co and Morgan Stanley are also scheduled to appear .
HARD TIMES
If Citigroup backed out of its deal , it would be more bad news for the Mets , whose owner Fred Wilpon lost money with investments in Bernard Madoff ’s alleged $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme .
“ It ’s a $ 400 million deal and if they lose it , how do they replace it ?
In this economy , that ’s very tough , ” one sports banker said on condition of anonymity .
Some bankers have speculated that Wilpon ’s losses with Madoff could be big enough to force the Mets owner to sell a piece of the franchise .
The Mets have repeatedly denied any such plans .
The U.S. government has provided trillions of dollars in support to banks over the last year , including at least $ 300 billion of direct capital injections from TARP .
The support has come with strings attached .
Senior executives at major banks that received money from TARP declined bonuses for 2008 amid political pressure , but Wall Street bonuses still totaled more than $ 18 billion in 2008 .
U.S. President Barack Obama has called such large bonuses “ shameful . ”
Citigroup has received $ 45 billion of capital from TARP and has also issued $ 7 billion of preferred stock to the Treasury and the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp in exchange for the government guaranteeing a $ 301 billion portfolio of assets .
The capital has helped support Citigroup , which has failed to turn a quarterly profit since 2007 .
Citigroup said last month it was separating its assets into a unit housing its main assets , and another to house assets it is looking to shed or wind down .
One of the assets that Citigroup is looking to sell , its Japanese brokerage unit Nikko Cordial , could be put on the block as soon as this month .
Sources familiar with the matter said Tuesday the deal could be worth up to $ 3.4 billion .
Congress and Obama are scrambling to solve the financial crisis as banks drown in bad assets .
Options being discussed include setting up a government - financed bank to buy bad assets , and guaranteeing banks ’ bad assets .
Citigroup shares fell 16 cents to $ 3.49 Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange .
( Additional reporting by Karey Wutkowski in Washington and Paul Thomasch in New York )
1/30 UPDATE : Fourteen more busts in Tampa
JANUARY 28 -- Since it is Super Bowl week in Tampa , the local cops are cracking down on hookers working from area hotels , street corners , private residences , and massage parlors .
As is customary in the days before football 's championship game , police have been rounding up women on prostitution charges , lest they supposedly cash in on the influx of out - of - town pigskin fans .
As seen on the following pages , 19 suspects - aged 19 to 53 - - have been nabbed since Monday , with each arrestee posing for a mug shot at the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . ( 19 pages )
Here 's yet another reason to hate humidity : it expands global warming , says a Texas A&M University professor .
Andrew Dessler , a professor in the Department of Atmospheric Sciences who specializes in research on climate , says that warming due to increases in greenhouse gases will lead to higher humidity in the atmosphere .
And because water vapor itself is a greenhouse gas , this will cause additional warming .
This process is known as water vapor feedback and is responsible for a significant portion of the warming predicted to occur over the next century .
" It 's a vicious cycle - warmer temperatures mean higher humidity , which in turn leads to even more warming , " Dessler explains .
The perspective by Dessler and co-author Steven Sherwood of the Climate Change Research Centre at the University of New South Wales is published in the current issue of Science magazine .
In the article , they review and summarize the peer - reviewed evidence in support of a strong water vapor feedback and conclude that the evidence supporting it is overwhelming .
" For years , there was a debate over this mechanism , with some even questioning if the water vapor feedback existed at all .
But recent work on this feedback has moved its existence and strength beyond argument , " Dessler adds .
Predictions of significant global warming over the next 100 years by climate models require a strong water vapor feedback .
Recent estimates suggest the earth will warm from 2 to 4 degrees Celsius ( 4 to 8 degrees Fahrenheit ) over the next century - a scenario that could have devastating long - term consequences .
" Everything shows that the climate models are probably getting the water vapor feedback right , which means that unless we reduce emissions , it is going to get much , much warmer on our planet by the end of the century , " he adds .
Many scientists believe such warming rates are already happening .
They can point to the summer of 2003 , when a prolonged heat wave gripped Europe .
According to the Earth Policy Institute , more than 35,000 people died that summer , with France recording over 14,000 deaths and Germany more than 7,000 .
Additionally , warmer temperatures are having an adverse effect in the Arctic , where rapid loss of ice is now occurring .
" The only possible way future warming wo n't be significant is if there exists some sort of off - setting negative feedback , which has yet to be discovered , " Dessler notes .
" Most scientists , myself included , judge that to be a pretty unlikely possibility . "
Source : Texas A&M University
Explore further Scientists investigate black carbon effects on climate in the Arctic during winter and spring
Haifa , Israel —
However it may affect American public opinion , Barack Obama ’s midsummer Middle East campaign tour had a powerful impact on the nations he visited — though not in the ways that most observers anticipated .
Image by Getty President Barack Obama tours Yad Vashem with the Holocaust museum ’s chairman , Avner Shalev , while visiting Israel on July 23 , 2013
Israelis , many of whom viewed Obama with suspicion because of his rumored coolness toward the Jewish state , awoke Wednesday , July 23 , to accounts like the one in Yediot Aharonot , the country ’s largest - circulation daily newspaper , likening the senator ’s arrival to that of a “ rock star . ”
Throughout the day , Israel caught a local strain of Obama fever , with constant news coverage , flags lining his route in the desert town of Sderot and breathless street corner discussions of every word he uttered .
By the next day , after chats and photo - ops with political leaders , an hour - long trip to meet Palestinian leaders in Ramallah , and visits to Yad Vashem and the Western Wall , he appeared to have quelled many of the doubts .
“ Everyone in Sderot thinks he was a charming young man , ” Cheryl Ben-David , a Sderot mother whose house has been hit twice by rockets , told the Forward the next day .
“ People were impressed , especially those he visited whose house was hit .
I think it was partly sincere and partly political interest . ”
And Israeli President Shimon Peres , accompanying Obama to the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial later in the day , told him : “ The world and so are we with you .
God bless you . ”
Obama has been scoring poorly in Israeli opinion polls since his name began appearing several months ago .
In the last poll before the visit , taken at the end of June , only 27 % of respondents said they would like to see him become president , with John McCain preferred by 36 % .
But in a poll taken on the afternoon of the visit , the two switched places : Only 28 % favored McCain for president , while 37 % said they were rooting for Obama .
“ He has said the things that people want to hear , and if you couple this with his charisma , which he got a chance to display , this visit could do great things for his standing among the Israeli public , ” said pollster Mitchell Barak , CEO of Keevoon Research , Strategy & Communications .
Obama ’s rising acclaim in Israel represented a swap of sorts , as he lost popularity among Palestinians and much of the Arab world .
Palestinians had cheered Obama when he first emerged as a candidate — even winning an unwelcome endorsement from Hamas last April .
A top adviser to the Islamic group ’s leadership in Gaza , Ahmed Yousef , said then that his organization “ supports Obama ’s foreign policy vision . ”
But now , just three months later , Hamas leaders greeted Obama ’s Israel visit with undisguised vitriol .
“ Hamas considers the remarks of the Democratic candidate today to be part of the American policy of bias towards Israel and giving legitimacy to Israeli crimes against our people , ” Hamas official Fawzi Barhoum told Western reporters in Gaza shortly after Obama appeared in nearby Sderot .
Even in Ramallah , where Obama met with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , the news wires were abuzz with articles quoting Palestinian shopkeepers , students and housewives voicing similar sentiments .
Azizha Noful , a Ramallah - based correspondent for Saudi Arabian publications , told the Forward that she did not even cover the visit , because it was “ not important . ”
“ Whether it ’s McCain or Obama , people here say that nothing here will really change , ” she said .
“ They will have the same policy on the Palestinian issue . ”
At the end of the trip , Al Jazeera ’s senior political analyst , Marwan Bishara , summed up the visit sourly .
“ Obama did not bother mentioning the occupation or illegal settlements ; not even once in all his speeches , ” he said .
He also said that the visit to Sderot was “ beyond the call of the campaign duty . ”
Obama is “ bound by racial fear , political intimidation and lobbying influence , ” he concluded .
Republican contender John McCain did not visit Ramallah at all when he was in Israel last March , but , unlike Obama , he had little Palestinian sympathy to lose .
In contrast to Arab skepticism , many Israelis saw the Democrat ’s performance as a skillful display of diplomacy .
Obama “ got off to a very good start , having already condemned the bulldozer attack [ of July 22 ] while he was still in Amman — an important move for Israelis — and it fell into place from there , ” said Yehuda Ben -Meir , senior fellow at The Institute for National Security Studies and former deputy foreign minister .
A poll taken midway through the visit , and released on Israel Radio the next morning , indicated that the trip worked wonders for Obama .
Not only had he had overtaken McCain among the overall public , but among Likud voters he had drawn even with the Republican at 28 % each .
Yitzhak Katz , CEO of Ma’agar Mochot , the public opinion institute that carried out the poll , said the results could have more to do with Obama ’s panache than his policies .
“ Obama is a promising and highly intelligent young guy who made a visit .
His poll results may be less about ideology and politics and rather a sign of excitement at the visit and a kind of hospitality , a way of Israelis showing hospitality to him . ”
Not every Israeli was won over .
The chairman of the Council of Jewish Communities in Judea and Samaria , Dani Dayan , told the Forward : “ He ’s wrong in his backing for a two - state solution , and though a candidate who promises change , has fallen into the same trap as President Bush and others . ”
He also questioned whether Obama ’s repeated reassurances on Iran would translate into action .
Centrist journalist Yair Lapid spoke for many across the political spectrum when he warned in a Yediot column that Obama ’s warm words masked a lack of passion for the region .
“ In the coming days , he will prove to us in many ways how much he likes us , ” Lapid wrote .
“ Yet after that he will go and take care of the things that really matter to him . ”
“ For Obama , ” Lapid wrote , “ any dollar sent to us means one dollar less for Detroit ’s poor neighborhoods .
Any flak jacket sent to the IDF is taken from a U.S. Marine in Iraq ; any dispute with the Saudis will turn into inflated fuel prices at gas stations in Los Angeles . ”
Whatever Israelis thought of Obama after seeing him up close , most agreed on one point : America ’s choice of president is a critical matter for Israel .
“ Israelis feel very much at the moment like we are America ’s stepchildren , and that this will affect us all very directly , ” pollster Barak said , “ whereas in the Arab world there is a sense it will make far less difference who becomes president . ”
Government : Off - Shore Wind Could Power Every UK Home by 2020
January 28th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
A recently completed study from the Department of Energy and Climate Change has concluded that off - shore wind power may be the key to the UK ’s energy future .
According to the study , 5,000 - 7,000 new turbines could be built off the coast by 2020 .
The turbines could generate 25 GW of power — the equivalent of 25 large coal - fired plants .
8 GW of additional offshore wind power are already planned .
There ’s just one problem — many of the current UK off - shore projects may not even be completed .
Emily Highmore , a spokeswoman for the London Array project , warned , “ Off - shore wind has always , and will always be , very expensive .
We ca n’t be confident it will go ahead , but we believe it ’s a cracking project and very important to helping the government meet its renewables targets . ”
However , if current and future projects come to fruition , up to 70,000 new jobs could be created and UK carbon dioxide emissions could be cut by up to 14 % .
Photo Credit : CC licensed by Flickr user phault
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
To all who 've parked at a shiny Mac Pro and Cinema Display to lend some Apple retail magic to your 25 Things chain letter : Facebook has been banned from the Apple Store 's networks worldwide .
UPDATED
Advertisement
Myspace was first to be banished back in 2007 ( so 2007 ! ) , and now Facebook has met a similar fate .
Tinycomb has quoted a Genius :
" Apple Stores have become a regular Internet Cafe , so placing the most popular time - killer [ Facebook ] of them all on the banned - list will certainly help everyone get a chance to test out the computers . "
Advertisement
But Apple , making sure your machines meet all of my liveblogging - my - life - via - Facebook needs is my single most important in - store test !!
[ Tinycomb , Photo : Giona / flickr ]
Update : Fortune 's Mac blogger says the ban is on a store - by - store basis ; many have indeed banned , but it 's not Apple 's policy as a whole .
Last Thursday was a difficult day for Susumu Kotani , president of Pioneer Corp .
He ’d only taken over as president in October .
And now he had the unenviable job of announcing that the Japnese electronics giant was pulling out of the flatscreen TV market .
“ It hurts that we have to give up on a business we were leaders in , ” he said .
“ But market conditions changed too suddenly and we could n’t stay profitable . ”
There ’s a certain irony in this .
Pioneer was not only one of the very first firms to sell flatscreen TVs , but its top - tier Kuro plasma models have been acclaimed as having the deepest black levels of any flatscreen TV .
The company ’s recent foray into LCD sets also brought it deserved praise .
Besides the global financial recession , the main problem was that Pioneer simply could n’t close the gap on its competitors .
Panasonic has 37 per cent of the flatscreen TV market , Samsung 23 per cent and LG 16 per cent .
For the first nine months of 2008 , Pioneer was hanging on to a measly 6 per cent and it simply was n’t enough .
So Pioneer called an immediate halt to in - house research and development of flatscreen TVs and said it would close its television manufacturing business altogether by March 2010 .
The company is to focus on its lucrative car audio business , plus home audio and professional DJ equipment .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In recent weeks , another electrical giant , Panasonic , also announced the downsizing of its TV production by delaying the opening of a state - of - the - art plasma panel plant near Osaka in Japan – all in a bid to reduce costs .
And , with other flatscreen TV makers such as Sony and Toshiba warning of losses , it ’s clear that the TV market is far from a sure - fire enterprise .
Yet , only a short while ago , it looked like flatscreen manufacturers could n’t fail .
The boom began in the lead - up to the 2006 Football World Cup , with a flat - panel TV selling every 1.7 seconds in the UK .
And when the tournament ended , there was no drop in demand .
Sir Stuart Hampson , then the chairman of the John Lewis Partnership , said : “ People are turning increasingly to flatscreens and then realising that their second TV in the bedroom looks big and ugly by comparison , so they come back to us and get another one . ”
In January 2008 , John Lewis reported that flatscreen sales were up 50 per cent on the year – with one 50 - inch Samsung digital TV selling every six minutes , for £ 899 .
Despite the downturn , demand is still high .
Responding to the mantra that “ staying in is the new going out ” , many people are investing in home entertainment as the cheaper option to going to the pub or the cinema .
The difference now , compared to 18 months ago , is that people want cheap flatscreen TVs .
And this may in part be why Pioneer , which had long focused on high - end models , pulled out of the market .
It knew it was beaten – especially now that low - cost flatscreens are flooding the market .
Asda , for example , is selling a 28in LCD TV for £ 125 ( although the word is that this model has “ technical difficulties ” ) .
Argos and Tesco are both selling 15in flatscreen LCDs for around £ 100 .
The question is : are cheap flatscreens a false economy ?
Not according to Sheffield - based Justin Smith of AerialsAndTV.com , who has been in the TV maintenance business for many years .
“ In my experience , the more expensive makes of TV are n’t that much more reliable , certainly not by a huge amount , ” he says .
“ It ’s also worth remembering that flatscreen TVs are far more expensive to repair than the old cathode ray tube sets .
So it could even be argued that cheap flatscreens make more sense because they can be written off less painfully . ”
Many consumers , however , believe that it ’s wiser to spend more .
Happy customer Mike Charters invested in a Pioneer Kuro last year , which set him back well over £ 1,000 .
“ Pioneer makes some of the best TVs in the world , ” he says .
“ Very expensive , but you get what you pay for . ” Jim Hill , reviews editor at T3 Magazine , echoes this point .
“ The problem with going for low - cost flatscreens is that you could run into reliability issues , ” he says .
“ The best bet is to go for a known brand and make sure that it is HD - ready , has a built - in Freeview tuner , and ideally is 1080 p [ definition rating ] if you ’re looking at a 40in or above screen size , ready to receive full high - definition signals . "
To meet these specifications , you would need to pay about £ 500 for an LCD model and about £ 700 for a plasma – perhaps less if you can find a good deal online .
Although Pioneer had turned recently to making LCD sets , it mainly focused on making plasma TVs , which tend to be more expensive .
The jury is out as to which is best .
Some swear by plasma , others by LCD – which technology you choose is down to personal preference .
LCDs are typically no larger than 52in ( bigger sets are in development ) , and usually give a slightly clearer picture in smaller models .
Plasma sets tend to be bigger than LCDs , with screens ranging up to about 71in , and typically have better contrast .
The real differences lie in how the two TVs work .
LCD ( liquid crystal display ) sets use a network of hundreds of thousands of tiny LCD pixels to create the picture you see , while plasma TVs create images from plasma ( xenon and neon gas ) , which is housed between two plates of glass .
Until the first flatscreens hit the market in 1997 , TV sets had long used one system to produce the picture – the cathode ray tube ( CRT ) , which was invented in 1897 .
The Scottish inventor John Logie Baird is credited with the first demonstration of television technology in 1925 .
CRTs reigned supreme up to the 21st century , but now they are going the way of the dinosaurs .
The problem is that CRT televisions are weighty and bulky .
They can never be truly slimline .
Flatscreens are lighter and are getting ever slimmer .
Sony has just announced its latest Bravia LCD flatscreen – the ZX1 , which is 9.9 mm thick , one - sixtieth the depth of a typical 1950s CRT set .
But , as a Sony spokeswoman points out : “ It ’s not just worth having because it ’s the thinnest .
In terms of innovation and the technology used , it ’s fantastic . ”
This is no exaggeration ; the ZX1 is certainly cutting - edge .
Not only does its image blur reduction technology provide a strikingly crisp , sharp picture , but it ’s fully wireless so that you can forget about ugly cables and images can be streamed to the screen remotely from a set - top box .
With a price tag of just under three grand , though , it ’s hardly a budget buy .
So if you ’re planning on staying in over the coming months , follow our guide to get the most from your money when buying a flatscreen .
Picture this : A buyer ’s guide
How big ?
To work out the best size set for your room , you need to take your viewing distance into account .
| If you sit too close to a large TV , the picture can appear fuzzy or grainy .
Sit too far away and you ’ll miss the fine details and wo n’t be able to read small text .
The general rule is that your TV should be one - third to |one - half the length of your viewing distance ( do n’t forget that TV screens are measured diagonally ) .
Therefore , if you sit eight feet away from your TV , the ideal screen size is between 32in and 48in .
Full - screen or widescreen ?
Most TVs today are widescreen , but some cheaper models still come as full - screen , a squarer shape more like CRT sets used to be .
These are fine for kitchen or bedroom use .
Full - screen
TVs have a width - to - height ratio of 4:3 , or four inches of width for every three inches of height .
Wide - screen TVs have a 16:9 ratio , which is the preferred size for super - sharp HDTV ( high - definition television ) .
LCD or plasma ?
The most popular types of TV today are LCD and plasma .
The jury is out on which is best .
But the simplest way to decide which to go for is by the size of TV set you need .
Few plasmas are made smaller than 42in , while LCDs do n’t usually come much bigger than 52in .
Other factors to consider
* In a darkened room , plasma TVs have better contrast and brightness than LCD screens .
So if you plan |on watching movies regularly with family or friends , plasma might be your best bet .
LCD TVs , on the other hand , generally reflect less light and glare , so they fare better in more normal light conditions .
* Plasma TVs are better for wider viewing angles .
With LCDs , some brightness can be lost if you are sitting to the side of the screen .
* Plasma TVs are considered better for definition of movement – a key benefit for sports and |action - movie fans .
Early LCDs suffered from motion - response lag , where individual pixels are slightly out of synchronisation with the image on screen , causing ghosting and trailing movement .
But LCD technology has advanced greatly and now any difference is negligible .
* If you plan to use your TV with gaming consoles or as a computer monitor , LCD may be the best option .
Plasma is not great with static images , whereas LCD displays them perfectly , with full colour detail , no flicker , and no risk of screen burn - in .
But , again , technological improvements are making these differences far less pronounced .
* LCD TVs typically use less power than plasma screens – and use about 60 per cent less juice than traditional CRT televisions .
* If in doubt which technology to go for , get a TV store to run an LCD and plasma side by side , if possible in different lighting conditions , and then make your judgement .
6 Vibrators to Try When Buying Your First One or Adding to Your Collection Catherine Taylor
Production of the Mercedes - Benz SLR McLaren ends in May .
And after the ultra- exclusive Stirling Moss edition runs through December , the partnership between Mercedes - Benz and McLaren will cease as well .
Without a couple dozen SLRs taking space in the facility , McLaren will have some free time on its hands .
What 's a Formula 1 - inspired company to do ?
Build another supercar , of course .
The heavily camouflaged , mid-engine car you see here is not a direct successor to the McLaren F1 , but , if the butterfly - doors provide any indication , it will echo many elements of the 1998 icon .
Codenamed P11 , this new supercar will target the likes of the Ferrari F430 and Lamborghini Gallardo , requiring at least 500 hp , a featherweight design and a 0 - to - 60 time of less than four seconds .
See all 4 photos
To this end , expect plenty of lightweight and high - performance goodies trickled down from McLaren 's Formula 1 endeavors , including carbon ceramic brakes , an automated transmission , and extensive use of carbon fiber .
While no concrete details of the powerplant have emerged , reports peg Mercedes as the car 's engine supplier , with the company 's 6.2 - liter V - 8 as a prime choice .
Expect as much as 600 horsepower from the engine .
McLaren will likely debut the P11 near the end of this year and start deliveries shortly thereafter with a price expected to be somewhere in the $ 250,000 range .
Also , rumored to follow the P11's introduction are a convertible and high ( er ) performance GTR variant .
Turns out bored supercar makers probably are n't such a bad thing after all .
Published online 13 February 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.102
News
Take pill , remember fear , remove fear .
To remove unwanted memories , just take pill ?
Focus Features / The Kobal Collection / Lee , David
In the film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind , a couple have their memories of each other wiped when their relationship ends badly .
But now in a real - life twist to that tale , Dutch scientists show that , in humans , a fearful memory can be erased by a drug that is usually used to control blood pressure .
When memories are first laid down , they are ' consolidated ' , usually during sleep , to fix them .
Such memories generally do not change , but when they are remembered , or ' reactivated ' , they become ' editable ' .
They are then stored in their altered form , a process called reconsolidation .
Now a team led by Merel Kindt at the University of Amsterdam have used the ß-blocker propranolol to affect reconsolidation .
It is known that , in animals , reconsolidation can be manipulated with propranolol to erase fearful memories1 , and a preliminary study has hinted that the drug might do the same in humans2 .
But Kindt and her colleagues wanted to know if reconsolidation was really what was being affected .
Forget about it
Current treatments for patients who have strong fearful memories , for example people with post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , can only dampen down the reaction to a bad memory .
" There are a lot of treatments for anxiety disorders but you see a lot of relapse , " says Kindt .
The team conditioned people to be afraid of spiders .
Merel Kindt
To discover whether drug treatment would change this , the team conditioned people to be afraid of pictures of spiders by showing them photos of the arachnids and then giving them a harmless but uncomfortable electric shock .
The next day , they gave them either a placebo or a dose of propranolol , and reactivated the frightening memory by showing them the same pictures .
Both groups reacted equally to the pictures — as measured by their ' startle reflex ' , or movement of the blinking muscles around their eyes .
On day 3 , the researchers once again showed subjects the spiders .
This time , the people given propranolol showed less of a fearful reaction than those who had been given the placebo .
What 's more , the response of a second control group who took the drug but did not go through the reactivation on day 2 was similar to that of the group given the placebo , suggesting that it is the reconsolidation of the memory the second time around that is affected by the drug .
The results appear in Nature Neuroscience3 .
This shows that " propranolol really is ' deconsolidating ' memory " , says Roger Pitman at Harvard Medical School , who led the original study on the effects of the drug on fear memories in patients with PTSD2 .
In his study , Pitman and his team had given 19 patients propranolol or a placebo , and a week later asked them to think about their traumatic memories while physiological indicators of fear were measured .
Those who had taken the drug showed smaller responses to remembering the traumatic event .
Rubbing out fear
Because studies on patients are more complex , it was not possible for Pitman 's team to discover whether reconsolidation was responsible for the decreases in fear that they had found .
" It 's the combination of activating and interfering with a specific memory " that makes this treatment effective , says Kindt .
Just activating it , or just interfering with memory more broadly , would not have the same effect .
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition , the drug treatment did n't affect how well the participants remembered the link between the spiders and the shock .
They could recall the link clearly , but the fear response had gone .
This should go some way to easing concerns that using propranolol to quell fearful memories will wipe out memories indiscriminately , says Pitman .
The result could also yield more effective , longer - term treatments for unwanted emotional memories such as those that affect patients with PTSD .
" The leap from this to clinical research is a big one , but what this says is that there really is something to propranolol , " says Pitman .
Kindt and her team have already done a long - term study of the technique to see how robust the effects are , and plan to publish the results soon .
They are also conducting brain imaging studies , and may soon try out the therapy on stronger fearful memories .
WASHINGTON --
A decision late Friday by the Federal Reserve to pour $ 200 billion into a fund to stabilize consumer credit will give a boost to manufacturers of recreation vehicles in Oregon , Rep. Peter DeFazio said .
DeFazio spearheaded an effort by Oregon lawmakers to convince the Fed to allow the new credit program to be used loans for purchasing RVs .
Oregon is a major producer of the pricey and lumbering vehicles that have been hard hit by rising gas prices and a shortage of credit .
The Fed announced more details about a new credit program intended to provide support for various types of consumer loans , including credit cards , auto and student loans .
But the Fed , which earlier indicated it would start the $ 200 billion program in February , said only that it would announce the exact starting date later this month .
DeFazio and other Oregon officials asked the Fed last month in a letter to include RV purchases in the loan program .
DeFazio said Saturday that the request was granted .
" The recreation vehicle industry is vital to the Oregon economy but , these otherwise healthy companies have been devastated by the economic recession and the lack of credit for both consumers and dealers , " DeFazio said in a statement .
" People are already facing reduced wages , job losses and an increased cost of living .
Extending credit from the Federal Reserve will save thousands of Oregon jobs at a time when we most need it , '' the statement said .
In normal economic times , banks would make these loans but with the economy collapsing the credit markets have frozen solid .
" Friday 's action by the Federal Reserve will help thaw the credit market and encourage banks to make loans to people with good credit for the purchase of recreational vehicles and to recreational vehicle dealers to stock their showrooms , '' DeFazio 's statement said .
" This action will save thousands of jobs in Oregon by keeping the recreational vehicle industry in business . ''
According to a story this week by The Oregonian 's Amy Hsuan , the RV industry in Lake County was seen as a salvation for an area decimated by the decline in the timber industry .
The county emerged as a major producer of high - end , luxury motor coaches with nameplates Monaco , Country Coach and Marathon .
At its peak in 2005 , the recreational vehicle industry in Oregon employed close to 5,000 workers .
This year , Monaco Coach Corp .'s stock fell below $ 1 for more than 30 days , threatening its listing on the New York Stock Exchange .
Wells Fargo filed a suit this week against Country Coach to collect payment on an $ 8 million loan .
In December , both companies shut down for holiday furloughs that have been extended through the beginning of 2009 .
Making credit more available wo n't solve all the problems facing the RV industry , economists say .
But including the industry in the Fed 's program could bring some business back , DeFazio said .
Charles Pope ; OregonianDC@gmail.com
charlespope@news.oregonian.com
UPS uses an index - based surcharge that is adjusted weekly .
Changes to the surcharge will be effective on Monday of each week .
The surcharge will be based on the National U.S. Average On Highway Diesel Fuel Price as reported by the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) for the week that is two weeks prior to the adjustment , rounded to the nearest cent .
For example , the surcharge for the week of February 6 , 2017 is based on the National U.S. Average On Highway Diesel Fuel Price for the week of January 23 , 2017 .
The Ground Fuel Surcharge will be set in relation to the following table :
A reader notices a revealing section of the president 's interview with Larry King last night .
Money quote :
KING : So there 's nothing you 've done in the area of treatment of prisoners that causes you any kind of pause ?
G. BUSH : No. No . Everything we did was -- you know , it had legal -- legal opinions behind it .
Look , you 're sitting there , you 've captured Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
He 's the guy that ordered the September the 11th attacks .
And we want to know what he knows in order to protect the United States of America .
And I got legal opinions that said whatever we 're going to do is legal .
And my job is to protect you , Larry .
And I 've given it my all .
I 've given it my all .
Is n't that an admission that he demanded legal cover for illegal acts ?
And had " lawyers " like John Yoo and Jay Bybee all too willing to write and say anything for their boss .
One more thing : no pause .
No reflection .
Not even a smidgen of doubt or wrestling with the profound legal , constitutional and moral issues involved .
What a pathetic excuse for a president .
What a sad , callous , callow man .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Just admit it — you ca n’t help yourself from taking sunset photos .
We all do it .
The problem is that ( since we all do it ) sunset photos can be extremely cliche .
So when the sun starts going down , you ’ve got to think outside the box to get unique photos .
Here are some tips to get your creative juices flowing .
Be sure to read the note at the end of the post !
Want more great projects , amazing photos , Photoshop tips , and articles on photography ?
Subscribe to Epic Edits today ( free ! ) so you do n’t miss a thing .
1. GO WIDE
While you might be tempted to whip out that super - telephoto lens and get up close on the sun as it goes below the horizon , you might consider going the opposite direction with your lens choice .
The sky is pretty big and sunsets can cover a large portion of it .
My lens of choice is the Sigma 10 - 20 mm pulled all the way back to 10 mm .
This gives me over 100 degrees angle of view and it makes for some stunning landscapes and sunsets .
2. GET COLORFUL
Sure , sunsets can be really colorful and great on their own , but they can often look the same ( especially when you live in an area with very infrequent cloud cover ) .
My solution : shoot some slide film and get it cross processed .
The blueish - green photo was shot with Velvia 50 while the pinkish - purple one was shot with Velvia 100 .
3. WAIT AROUND
If you ’re with a group of photographers you ’ll hear the shutters rev-up just as the sun begins to cross the horizon — this is when the colors are most obvious to our eyes .
But wait around for another 10 or 20 minutes and shoot some long exposure stuff with a tripod .
Even though you ca n’t see the colors , they ’re still hanging around .
After the sun sets , the upper sky will tend to turn a deep blue , almost purple .
4. TAKE TWO
Play around with double exposures and see what you can come up with .
If you ’re shooting digital , you could probably come up with all sorts of ways to combine your sunset photos to create alien landscapes .
If you ’re shooting film , just remember that areas of shadow will show the double image more strongly .
5. TURN AROUND
We ’re programmed to shoot right into the sun at sunset — that ’s usually where the fun stuff is happening .
But take a second , peel the camera away from your face , and look around .
Maybe that sunset is creating a brilliant lighting situation right behind you .
6. USE PROPS
Take the ramp , bike , and board out of this photo and you now have a beach sunset pic that looks just like 50 % of every beach sunset photo ever taken .
Look for things to place in the foreground in order to add more interest to the scene .
7. FORGET THE COLORS
Sunset photos are generally known for their great colors , but sometimes pulling the color out can make the photo a better one .
Focus on lines and shadows while you ’re shooting the sunset , in addition to the other black and white photography tips .
Want more great projects , amazing photos , Photoshop tips , and articles on photography ?
Subscribe to Epic Edits today ( free ! ) so you do n’t miss a thing .
Post your own sunset tips and photos in the comments !
I ’d love to see some tip / photo combos down in the comments .
You can use the “ img ” hmtl tag to display images or click on the link below the comment box if you ’re unfamiliar with html ( please limit the photos to 500 px or smaller ) .
After the comments slow down , I ’ll pick out some reader tips and photos for a follow - up post !
[ UPDATE ] : I ’ve posted a follow - up article on this topic highlighting all the great sunset photos and tips from the readers — check it out !
Definitely worth the read !
Prior to Friday ’s premiere of the new Animal Planet series Whale Wars , Japan ’s Institute of Cetacean Research has accused Animal Planet of ecoterrorism .
The show will chronicle the exploits of an anti-whaling group who takes their quest directly to the front lines , trying to stop Japanese whaling vessels from succeeding in killing whales .
[ social_buttons ]
Planetsave editor and contributor Alex Felsinger recently previewed the exciting series .
In short , it chronicles how the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society stopped Japanese whalers from killing at least 300 whales last winter by using harsh , combative tactics .
The Society is not afraid to unleash their fury .
The show depicts hostage situations , gunfire , the attempted destruction of whaling boats , and the throwing of powerful smoke bombs on board ships .
It ’s not surprising given that the leader of the group , Captain Paul Watson , co-founded Greenpeace .
Supposedly Watson left Greenpeace because they were n’t aggressive enough for his tastes , although other sources claim he was kicked out .
So whether or not Animal Planet is being rightly accused of supporting eco-terrorists is unclear .
In addition to accusing Animal Planet of supporting ecoterrorism , the Institute of Cetacean Research has also accused them of helping the crew of the Sea Shepherd to “ stage ” an attack on the crew ’s boat with gunfire , an event they claim never really occurred .
Personally , I find Japan ’s defiance and disregard of the international whaling ban to be the true crime .
They claim that they do whaling for scientific purposes , even though whale meat is sold and consumed in Japan as a delicacy , even in schools .
This occurs despite recent evidence that whale meat contains toxic mercury levels .
Japan does n’t even want to play nice after other countries tried to do so at this year ’s annual meeting of the International Whaling Commission .
Their response after other countries tried not to take any offensive actions was to say : “ We are witnessing the death of the International Whaling Commission . ”
If you are reading Planetsave , then you are probably as fired up as we are to watch the premiere of Whale Wars .
Feel free to leave your thoughts about the show in our comments section .
Photo Credit : Animal Planet
Rape is n't about " letting " something happen .
It 's about a profound violence someone else does to us , and it 's something that happens to men and women , boys and girls .
DAN asks :
I’m
a 18 year - old male .
I was raped twice in my life ( 6 and 10 years old )
and I took it pretty well .
My life was quite normal until now , and had
no problems with girls .
I never had a girlfriend , never been the type
who commit , but I ’d had a lot of sex with a lot of girls .
Two weeks ago
I had contact with the man who attacked me when I was 10 .
Since then
I ’ve having nightmares and have been remembering all what happened .
I ’ve been drinking and went back to drugs .
I would n’t want to , but it ’s
the only way I can get some rest .
Last weekend happened something that
really scared me .
I was drunk and high and without noticing I found
myself rubbing a guy ’s leg .
I pretty much wanted to make out with him
and other stuff .
I ca n’t become gay , it ’s not fear I hate myself so
much , I hate the pervert who abused me , I hate everything right now .
Yesterday I cut my wrists but it was n’t deep enough .
I do n’t want to
die but I find hard living right now .
This evening I cut my face .
What
happened the weekend means I ’m gay ?
Am I becoming gay ?
What can I do to
prevent it ?
How can I stop remembering ?
It ’s just too embarrassing to
talk to anybody .
If I was a girl I could do it , but come on , I ’m a man .
Men do n’t let these things happen .
I ’m just trash .
Heather replies :
Before
I say anything else , I want to be sure to connect you with a couple of
avenues for help because I am very concerned about the state you ’re in
right now .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Clearly — and it ’s really common for this to happen — seeing your
rapist has triggered a lot for you and clearly , you are in a state of
very serious crisis at the moment .
I ’m worried about the ways you are
injuring yourself , and I ’m worried about your use of drugs and alcohol
at the moment to try and manage your emotional pain .
RAINN offers private phone and online counseling for rape survivors
that is totally anonymous .
I hear you feeling ashamed about your rape
as far as being male — and I ’ll talk more about that in a minute — so
that might be a way you feel safe getting help .
To phone in for some
counseling and support , the number is 1-800-656-HOPE .
To get private online counseling , you can visit this link .
Another resource I think is fantastic and could be very good for you is the National Organization on Male Sexual Victimization .
I also want you to try and stay aware of how safe you are or are not
right now .
If you feel like — and it sounds like this is the case —
you may be a danger to yourself , I ’d consider taking yourself into an
emergency room for care and assessment .
I want you to be sure the
cutting you have done does n’t need medical attention , too : the cuts to
your wrists or face could present a risk of infection if you do n’t have
proper first aid administered .
I can talk more now about what you ’ve asked , but I ’d just be sure
you prioritize your own care before you read more .
If you need help or
care right now , what I have to share will be here after you have taken
care of that .
Rape is n’t about " letting " something happen .
It ’s about a profound
violence someone else does to us , and it ’s something that happens to
men and women , boys and girls .
Many people who are raped do things to
try and prevent their rapes or stop them , but those efforts just do n’t
always work : even for those who were shocked silent or still , which
happens a lot , that does n’t mean that person " let " rape happen .
Too , a
six - year - old or ten - year - old boy is n’t a man , but a child , and men
suffer from trauma just like women suffer from trauma .
The idea that
men should somehow be able to just shrug trauma off is a pretty
dangerous idea that ’s caused a whole lot of men more pain than they
were in in the first place .
And by all means , ideas like that do
absolutely make it tougher for men to heal from sexual abuse and even
talk about it in the first place .
The National Organization on Male Sexual Victimization has a good paragraph about that , which says ,
Myth # 1 – Boys and men ca n’t be victims .
This
myth , instilled through masculine gender socialization and sometimes
referred to as the " macho image , " declares that males , even young boys ,
are not supposed to be victims or even vulnerable .
We learn very early
that males should be able to protect themselves .
In truth , boys are
children – weaker and more vulnerable than their perpetrators – who
cannot really fight back .
Why ?
The perpetrator has greater size ,
strength , and knowledge .
This power is exercised from a position of
authority , using resources such as money or other bribes , or outright
threats – whatever advantage can be taken to use a child for sexual
purposes .
I want to be sure you understand some basics about what is going on
in case you ’re confused by what ’s happening .
I ’m a survivor too , and ,
like you , I had a handful of years where I did pretty well all things
considered , and then years later , very unexpectedly found myself having
a ton of flashbacks and body memories I was n’t at all prepared for .
I
remember it being incredibly scary and confusing , and I know I would
have been helped by some knowledge of what was happening and why .
Not
knowing what was going on or how to deal with it actually derailed my
life big - time for a while , so I completely understand how terrifying
and overwhelming it can be to be in this kind of space .
A " trigger " is something — a place , a smell , a set of words , a
person , a certain sexual activity , a physical feeling , any number of
things — which can put us back into a place of feeling traumatized ,
sometimes so much so we become very disoriented , and / or bring back
memories of our abuse .
For those of us who were abused as children , it
can be common for us to repress some memories ( it ’s one of the ways our
minds offer us some protection , in sort of holding off on some things
until we ’re better able to handle them , and also part of why you were
likely doing as well as you were for a time there ) and have them come
back later due to a trigger .
While triggers can tend to make us very uncomfortable and be very
painful , they do tend to be routes through which we can do some
healing .
While I know how hard what you ’re dealing with right now is ,
it is likely to be something which , in time , helps you better heal
yourself and become stronger .
And we really ca n’t shut these dams once
they open : in other words , there ’s nothing you can do to stop
remembering something your mind is remembering .
So , what we have to learn is how to manage triggers and the memories
and feelings they manifest , and that is a skill or set of skills most
of us can learn .
It just takes time , patience with ourselves , courage
and some help .
It ’s normal , when things like this first start to happen , to try and
just numb out and push how you ’re feeling away , and drugs or alcohol or
self - injury ( as well as sex ) , are common ways to do that .
The trouble
is that a ) those things can get dangerous , especially when we ’re not in
a state to be moderate about them , b ) they ’re only a temporary band - aid
and c ) they can create a whole new set of problems for you to deal with
in your life when you ’ve already got your hands more than full with
what ’s on your plate right now .
Because being triggered is so
disorientating , what you need to do is try and re-orient yourself , not
get even more disoriented .
I do n’t know what the situation was in which you had contact with
your abuser , but above and beyond all else , if you have control over
that now , I ’d strongly suggest not seeing him again , particularly not
alone and particularly not before you get more stable .
What I ’d recommend to better manage how you ’re feeling right now is
to first see a doctor about your having trouble sleeping .
If you do n’t
yet feel able to talk about why you ’re having trouble , that ’s okay : you
can just say THAT you are , and if you need a medication to sleep right
now , you can get one which is much safer for you than mixing drugs and
booze .
Sleep deprivation is always going to make us feel worse and put
us in a more troubled psychological state .
To start coping with this ,
to work through this , you do need to be able to take basic care of your
body , like getting enough sleep and enough to eat .
Make sure that you put yourself in safe , comfortable spaces right
now .
I ’d say that includes putting anything you can cut yourself with
in a place you cannot access .
This is n’t the time to go out clubbing or
be around people you do n’t know , but a time to be in places where you
feel safe , with people you love and trust and feel safe with .
It can also be helpful for many survivors dealing with triggers to
find some sort of object to center yourself with at times you get
triggered : what that object may be is going to be about what has
meaning for you .
If having an object does n’t ring true for you or work
for you , you might try some deep breathing or a mantra you use : a group
of words you learn to say to yourself when you ’re feeling like this to
help you re-center , something like , " I am safe , I am whole , I am
strong . "
It can also help to remind yourself at times like this that that
little boy you were who was harmed was not safe then , but is safe in
you now .
I know that might sound cheesy , but we do tend to carry the
children we were around with us when we ’re older , and if we were harmed
as children , when we feel unsafe , we can feel more like those children
than the people we are now .
That kid wanted to be safe , and you have
the power to help him feel safe now .
Some other things that can help when we ’re triggered and are healthy
are things like taking a walk , cuddling a loved pet , opening the
windows to get some air , listening to music which comforts us , doing
some kind of mundane self - care task like cooking a meal , having a bath
or shower , even just washing your face or brushing your teeth .
Again ,
it ’s really important when we ’re having flashbacks to do what we can to
bring ourselves back to the present , and do things which remind us that
we are remembering things which are in the past , not experiencing them again in the present .
I suggest starting a journal for you to write all of what you ’re
feeling in .
Doing that usually helps us process all of this better , and
if and when you can start getting some counseling — something I always
strongly encourage rape and abuse survivors to do — it can be really
helpful to have a record of this process .
While I completely understand
the desire to try and make these feelings and memories go away , they ’re
not going to , and to work through them , we generally need to
acknowledge them , honor them and fully experience those feelings .
Numbing out tends to just put off the inevitable , if it even does that .
Ideally , it ’s going to help a lot if you can find some people to
reach out to and talk to about this .
You ’re also welcome to come talk
about this more with us or other survivors at our message boards
if you like .
I ’m really glad you were able to start here , and hope
you ’ll also try that hotline I suggested , but it ’d be even better if
you could also reach out to someone in - person you trust .
That might be
a parent , a best friend , a trusted teacher or healthcare provider .
That
could also be a counselor , and if you do call that hotline , they can
help connect you with counseling resources in your area when you ’re
ready for that .
You say you were " quite normal " until now , so I want to make sure
you know that you probably were n’t as okay as you thought you were :
rather , you likely just had n’t gotten to a point where you were really
dealing with this .
I say that so that you can try and cultivate some
patience with yourself , and know that what ’s going on now , how you ’re
feeling now , is n’t abnormal , or is n’t you losing your marbles .
It ’s you
seeming to be at a point where all of this is actually coming to your
forefront and becoming something you have to deal with ( and believe me ,
I know it sucks that WE as survivors are the ones who have to deal with
it when we did n’t choose this ) when you did n’t yet in the past .
I hear your concerns and fears about your sexual orientation — about being gay — and want to speak to those .
The first thing I want you to understand is something about rapists
which the study of rapists almost always holds to be true : rape is n’t
about sex .
It certainly is n’t for the person being raped , and while a
rapist may experience sexual pleasure or orgasm from raping , that ’s not
mostly what it tends to be primarily about for them either .
For
rapists , raping is about power , and who they rape tends to simply be
about who they have the opportunity TO rape , not about who they find so
attractive .
Who rapists choose to rape may or may not be within even
their own orientation .
For instance , plenty of adults who rape children
are not pedophiles and do not actually feel strong ( or any )
sexual attraction to children : rather , it ’s simply that children are
often easier than adults to access and abuse because children are more
trusting and often less aware of when abuse is actually about to occur
or is occurring .
Children are also usually easier to silence and less
likely to report rape than adults , and rapists know this all too well .
Some men who rape women are gay , some men who rape men are straight :
rape tells us very little about a rapists sexual orientation .
For more
about rapists and who they are , you can have a read at this page .
It ’s worth noting that men who are gay are not all rapists , not even
close .
In fact , statistically , far more rapists are heterosexual than
homosexual .
In other words , while you do n’t even know if your rapist
was gay , do know that being gay is not something that inclines a person
to be a rapist more than anything else .
It ’s very typical for men who have been raped by men to struggle
with homophobia , in part because it ’s presumed that men who rape men
are gay ( which like I said , is n’t even an accurate presumption ) , and
also because it ’s often assumed that male rape can " make " men " turn "
gay .
But there has never been any evidence to support that fear as
factual .
Here ’s another one of those debunked myths on that topic from the National Organization on Male Sexual Victimization :
Myth # 5 – Boys abused by males are or will become homosexual .
While there are different theories about how the sexual orientation
develops , experts in the human sexuality field do not believe that
premature sexual experiences play a significant role in late adolescent
or adult sexual orientation .
It is unlikely that someone can make
another person a homosexual or heterosexual .
Sexual orientation is a
complex issue and there is no single answer or theory that explains why
someone identifies himself as homosexual , heterosexual or bisexual .
Whether perpetrated by older males or females , boys ’ or girls ’
premature sexual experiences are damaging in many ways , including
confusion about one ’s sexual identity and orientation .
Many boys who have been abused by males erroneously believe that
something about them sexually attracts males , and that this may mean
they are homosexual or effeminate .
Again , not true .
What our sexual orientation is is not determined by rape .
You did n’t
have sex as a child : you were raped , you were sexually abused .
Given
how little information I have about you , I ca n’t possibly know what
your sexual orientation is .
You say you have had sex with lots of
girls , but that actually only tells me so much , especially since one
thing that can be common with sexual abuse survivors is some sexual
compulsivity .
Since you do n’t talk about love relationships with these
women , it is possible that a lot of the sex you have been having has
not just been about attraction , but about a reaction to your abuse .
That can happen .
In your case , too , some of the urge for that sex might
have been to prove your masculinity , since you clearly express some
things here that make it sound like — which is so common for male
survivors — you do have concerns about masculinity , and how you think
men should be or behave .
Of course , even if I knew the sex with girls you have been having
was or was not a reaction to your rapes , that still would n’t tell me
much about if you are gay or not , save that what you seem to be saying
is that save this recent incident , you have only had interest in women ,
which suggests heterosexuality or , at most right now , bisexuality .
Being gay is about having a sole or primary emotional and sexual
attraction to other men .
Finding out about what our orientation is is
also something that we need time to suss out : wanting to make out with
one person once is nothing close to enough information to be able to
tell that ( and if it helps you to understand that , know that many
people who ARE gay or lesbian have , or have wanted to , made out with
someone of the opposite sex once or far more than once ) .
When someone
is in the middle of psychological trauma is also not at all the right
time for us to consider any of this : how any of us behaves in a trauma
often is not a sound reflection of our normal behavior .
But .
What I want you to know is that whatever you discover your sexual
orientation to be in time , that does not make you like your rapist ,
just like being male does not make you like your rapist , or having the
same color of hair or same shoe size does n’t make you like your rapist .
There ’s also nothing I can tell you to do to prevent being or becoming
whoever you are sexually , because based on everything we know about
orientation , we all pretty much are who we are , and ca n’t choose who we
are or are not attracted to .
In time , whether you are straight , gay , bisexual , pansexual or
something else , if you ’re being true to yourself and you are treating
yourself and others with care and love , it really is all okay .
I want
you to know that we also cannot control what our sexual orientation is ,
we can only choose how we do or do not pursue or enact our feelings of
attraction to others .
I ’m not hearing anything in what you have said
that suggests to me you are gay , but even if it turns out that you feel or discover in time you are gay , there is nothing wrong with any orientation any of us are .
I also want you to know that I think right now — while I understand
how paramount it probably feels — is n’t the right time to worry about
being gay or not or to try and figure your orientation out .
I also
do n’t think it ’s likely a good time for you to be sexual with anyone
else , no matter their gender : that could very well be very triggering
for you right now , and you also are n’t in a good state of mind to care
for another person in that way right now , either .
I think it ’s a time to put all of your energy into taking care of
yourself and getting any help you need in doing that .
You say that you
are trash , but I disagree with you .
I ’m of the mind that the people who
abuse us , misuse us , do us violence and harm who can certainly make us
FEEL like trash are — if anyone is — the refuse at hand .
Not us .
Not
me .
Not you .
So , I hope you can get that even a little , and be sure that YOU are
not now treating you like trash .
While none of us are in any way
responsible for the abuse others do to us , we are responsible for how
we care for — or abuse — ourselves .
Right now , you have the power to
either do things that will make you feel worse or things that will make
you feel better and support the fact that you are valuable , not trash .
So , right now , please seek out some help and care .
If you need more
help finding that , or need some extra support , we are absolutely
available for that and glad to provide it , so please ask for more help
if you need more help , and know that no one here will ever think you
less of a man for either surviving abuse or asking for help to care for
yourself .
In fact , I ’m of the mind that when any of us can ask for help we
need and act to heal from really tough things , we ’re being pretty darn
mighty .
Amazingly racist signs from the U - Washee and more after the jump .
( Click any pic to embiggen . )
One of the best examples is the " U - Washee " in Richmond , Indiana .
The laundromat is , literally , built on racist stereotypes of Chinese people and no one gives it a passing glance .
It 's 1940 's era cartoon stereotype mascot , what Margaret Cho calls " feng shui hong kong fooey font , " and the extra " ee "s at the end of words in the business 's name and posted notices all combine to form one hellish timewarp into a past America most areas have forgotten but we tend to accept as typical - and no one utters a peep .
Racism is ingrained in the Midwest ; we 've normalized it .
Take , for example , my earlier post on Tony Zirkle , the Hoosier Republican congressional candidate who spoke at a dinner honoring Hitler 's birthday .
( He also publicly advocated for racial segregation . )
Zirkle lost , of course , but the fact that he had no problem publicly stating his racism - without thinking that others would object - shows just how commonplace overt racism can be here .
Losing Sight of the Past
While Americans tend to think of the South when the subject of racism comes up , the Midwest is no stranger to our own brand of anti-minority bigotry .
The Klu Klux Klan was headquartered in Indiana for many years .
The former national Grand Dragon , D.C. Stephenson's , home is blocks from mine ; he more or less ran our state government in the 1920's .
One July 1923 Klan rally hosted by Stephenson in nearby Kokomo drew an estimated 50,000 people .
Bigotry flourished around the nation thanks to Stephenson 's efforts .
He influenced governors , state legislators and congressmen .
It was n't until he abducted , forcibly intoxicated , assaulted and raped a white neighbor woman who later died that he became a societal pariah .
( One witness said her body looked like she'd " been chewed by a cannibal . "
He was sentenced to life in prison . )
No one knows if there were any African - American victims too ; they were never considered .
Racism is part of our heritage too .
Do n't Get Too Worked Up
The reader who sent in these photos described his encounter at the laundromat .
While he was taking the pictures , another customer walked up to him to ask , " You 're not from around here , are you ? "
It was n't meant in a threatening manner , but more of a bemused " Well , this is Indiana ... " general excuse .
It 's often said that one thing Hoosiers fear most is change .
We use it as a crutch to continue any bad behaviors we want to tacitly condone .
Smoking rate too high ?
Our citizens are stressed over the economy .
Rate of overweight people per capita one of the highest in the nation ?
It 's the diet .
No protections whatsoever for gays and lesbians ?
These type of things take time .
Apparently almost 50 years is n't quite enough .
Rewarding Bigotry
Another interesting aspect to this story is the financial angle .
The unemployment rate in Richmond is 9.8 % .
Very few small businesses are succeeding .
The " U - Washee " is entirely built around this racist theme and to remove the associations would cost a small fortune - new signage inside and out , a new name , changed business records with resultant legal fees , etc .
The owner is an elderly white man who 's barely making ends meet as energy costs and business expenses have skyrocketed while income has stayed the same .
He 'll wash , dry and fold your clothes for you for $ 1 per pound .
He provides a service the community needs .
How do you wash your clothes if you do n't have a car to drive miles to another laundromat ?
There are three * other laundromats in the city of 40,000 people .
How does the community deal with the issue without cutting off their nose to spite their face in these desperate economic times ?
Large Issues to Deal With
Confronting racism is never an easy task .
Adding in poverty , employment and basic living issues only compounds the problem .
If no one is complaining , why stir up trouble ?
0.8 % of Richmond 's population is Asian according to the US Census Bureau .
They 're not complaining .
The citizens obviously are n't either .
A quick Google search for " U Washee Richmond " shows exactly one relevant link - a listing for the pay phone .
No other blog posts .
No outrage in the newspaper .
No protests outside the business .
What right do I have to interject myself in their affairs ?
The Stain That Will Not Wash Away
I 've not reached out to the " U - Washee " before posting these pictures and commentary .
I plan to do it though , because someone has to speak up .
I wo n't demand or threaten .
My goal is to help the owner move his business past the anti-Chinese racist stereotypes and not to shut the place down .
Someone has to speak up .
Someone has to be first and break the cycle of complacency - the " I 'm better than those poor deluded people " theory that too often excuses the continuation of prejudices and vices .
Someone has to speak up .
Otherwise this stain will never wash away .
* Commenter AWB has pointed out that two laundries I thought were closed are open .
I corrected the number of laundries in the town .
The gray tabby cat with hazel eyes and a white nose scrunched at the bottom of a stack of metal cages filled with rabbits , quail , pigeons and ducks , across the aisle from the buckets of turtles and scorpions in a narrow shop with as many live animals as a petting zoo .
If it was male or female , young or old , nobody seemed to know or care .
All that mattered was its weight , 6 1/2 pounds .
After a few quick calculations , the shopkeeper offered to sell the cat for $ 1.32 per pound , about $ 9 .
“ We ’ll cut it up right here in back for you , ” the shopkeeper suggested , gesturing toward a bloodstained room .
Advertisement
The scene is routine at butcher shops in Guangzhou , the capital of Guangdong province , formerly known as Canton .
Although Cantonese cooking is known abroad for dim sum and won - ton soup , it is also recognized as the most exotic of the Chinese cuisines , serving up a veritable Noah ’s ark of species on the dinner plate .
As a popular saying goes , the Cantonese will eat anything that walks , crawls , hops or flies .
But now fellow Chinese are drawing the line .
Eating cat , they say -- that is just too disgusting .
“ Cats are your friends , not food , ” read the banners carried at a demonstration last week at the Guangzhou train station , where protesters were trying to intercept a shipment of cats .
Advertisement
“ Shame on Guangdong ! ” they chanted at another demonstration , held at the Beijing offices of the Guangdong provincial government .
Dog is eaten in many parts of China , but only in Guangdong do people eat cat .
It is rare to see a stray wandering the streets .
Many cats served for supper here are shipped down from the north .
The Small Animal Protection Assn. says one Guangzhou - based business captures up to 10,000 cats per day from different parts of China .
The cat snatchers are typically formerly unemployed people who use large fishing nets and are paid $ 1.50 per cat .
“ They ’ve eaten all their cats so they have to take ours from Beijing .
People do n’t want to let their cats go out on the street , ” said Zhao Ming , a 55 - year - old physician who was among about 40 people demonstrating in Beijing .
Advertisement
The cat trade thrives in a seemingly boundless gray area of commerce .
Police are reluctant to charge the cat catchers with theft because many of the cats involved live outside and , in the famously independent way of cats , are not technically owned by humans , merely fed and nurtured .
In the absence of police action , cat lovers are increasingly taking matters into their own hands .
When Shanghai activists got a tip in August that a truckload of cats was passing nearby on its way to Guangdong , they staged an ambush .
About 11 p.m. , they confronted the truck at a market , where the driver had stopped to rest , and tried to buy the cats .
When the driver refused , a standoff dragged on until the next afternoon .
While some activists argued with the driver and police , others opened the back of the truck and released about 1,600 cats .
About 300 cats were found dead .
Advertisement
Many of the rescue efforts are directed by Lu Di , a nearly 80 - year - old woman who used to work for Mao Tse- tung , reading to the Chinese leader in his final years when his eyesight was poor .
“ You can judge how advanced a civilization is by the way it treats its animals , ” said Lu , paraphrasing Gandhi .
She founded the Small Animal Protection Assn. , which she runs out of the Beijing apartment she shares with 15 cats , more than a dozen dogs , a quail , a pigeon and a monkey .
She picked up one cat with a fresh red scar running around its body caused by a wire that dealers wrap around cats to keep them from running away .
Often , the cats are badly mistreated in their final moments , crammed as tightly as tomatoes into crates so they can’t breathe , and clubbed into semiconsciousness before being thrown alive into boiling water .
“ This is a crime that humiliates all Chinese people , ” Lu said .
Advertisement
Eating cats clearly has become socially unacceptable for many Chinese .
When the Guangzhou - based newspaper Southern Metropolis Daily published an expose this month on a cat - snatching operation , it set off last week ’s demonstrations .
Chinese websites were filled with outrage .
“ Guangdong people are the most unprincipled of the human species ! ” wrote one person .
“ They would eat their mothers - in - law if there was no law . ”
The dispute over eating cat cuts across the fault lines of Chinese society .
Among the increasingly Westernized middle class , there is a fast - growing culture of cat fanciers who like them for cuddling , not eating .
Restrictions on the size and number of dogs one can have as pets make cats popular pets in the city .
Advertisement
Inside Beijing ’s largest shopping mall , a dozen pampered felines recently lounged inside a huge display case of a pet store specializing in cats .
Well - heeled shoppers strolled by oohing and aahing through the glass .
The pet store was a study in contrasts with the Yongxing - long food shop ( the name means “ Forever Prosperous ” ) in Guangzhou .
Butcher shops in these parts are not for the squeamish since much of the merchandise is sold alive and then butchered in front of the customers .
“ Cat meat is good for women .
You can eat it in the summer or winter .
It is very light .
Men usually prefer dog .
It is like yin and yang .
Cat is yin and dog is yang , ” said customer Jiang Changlin , who works for the local government .
He recommended that visitors try one of Guangdong ’s most famous recipes , “ dragon fighting tiger , ” a dish made with both snake and cat , its distinctiveness coming from the competing power of the ingredients .
Advertisement
“ Delicious ! ” Jiang said .
Still eager to sell the cat in the cage , the shop ’s manager , Tang Huacheng , suggested a simple recipe .
“ You just have to boil the cat for a long time , ” Tang said .
“ It has a very nice , fresh taste . ”
--
Advertisement
Epilogue
After some negotiations , this reporter bought the cat alive for the equivalent of $ 9 .
A cage cost an additional $ 10 .
Guangzhou is a dense city with almost no place to leave a cat .
A row of apartment houses next to an empty lot seemed like a good place .
There were small restaurants at street level .
People sat around a plastic table on the sidewalk playing mah - jongg .
The cat , its underbelly white and soft and its hazel eyes clear , appeared tame .
It walked calmly to sit under a shrub .
Advertisement
“ Oh , we really need a cat here , ” said one of the women gathered around .
“ There are mice in the empty lot . ”
Her accent indicated that she came from northern China , and many of the people around the neighborhood were migrant workers from outside Guangdong .
They do n’t eat cats .
We can only hope for the best .
--
Advertisement
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Eliot Gao and Nicole Liu of The Times ’ Beijing Bureau contributed to this report .
“ Intellectual property is the next software . ”
– Nathan Myhrvold , Microsoft patent troll
THE story of Myhrvold and Gates was told here before [ 1 , 2 ] .
They are partners in so - called patent - trolling because Gates is investing in Myrholvd ’s patent - trolling firm .
And yes , this pair conceived Intellectual Ventures , which has already begun extortion against large companies and it receives licensing fees for patents it possesses .
Gates ’ obsession with patents is nothing new and a few weeks ago we suspected that Gates was creating another patent troll in his home state .
Our far - fetched speculation at the time seems likely to have just become a correct one because Mike Masnick unearthed the following .
Plenty of folks have been wondering just what Bill Gates is up to now that he ’s left his full - time position at Microsoft .
Longtime rabble - rouser theodp has alerted us to one thing that Bill Gates is spending at least some of his time on : a bunch of patent applications for a company named “ Searete LLC ” — including this one for rewarding influencers and another for a method to inject fluids into animals .
So , what ’s Searete ?
Well , it appears ( warning : pdf file ) that it ’s one of the many ultra secret shell front companies for Nathan Myhrvold ’s Intellectual Ventures , a company that unabashedly plans to be a huge patent tollbooth on just about any kind of innovation .
We ’ve already noted that he ’s been setting up shell companies as part of the operation ’s secrecy .
The Register has an article about this too ( citing Mike ) .
TechDirt has uncovered that Bill Gates is named as an inventor on nine patents registered with a company called Searete since he stepped down from day - to - day responsibilities with Microsoft .
Gates is also named on a further two Searete patents pre-dating his Microsoft departure .
Searete is one of a clutch of companies operated by Myrholvd ’s Intellectual Ventures ( IV ) .
Myhrvold holds 241 named patents in Searete , whose catalogue goes back to November 200
Further down it says some things about “ Microsoft ’s Open Specification Promise ( OSP ) , ” stressing that “ concerns remain that Microsoft can unilaterally update the terms . ”
We warned about the OSP many times before [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] .
What to do when a company is sinking and its software is worth about $ 0 ?
Use intellectual monopolies to loot the industry , only months after a so - called ' departure ' in pursuit of " philanthropy " .
It ’s too early to say too much about “ Searete ” , though .
This is likely to become important . █
Share in other sites / networks :
These icons link to social bookmarking sites where readers can share and discover new web pages .
Permalink Send this to a friend
Debian GNU / Linux 4.0 updated
February 10th , 2009
The Debian project is pleased to announce the seventh update of its stable distribution Debian GNU / Linux 4.0 ( codename etch ) .
This update mainly adds corrections for security problems to the stable release , along with a few adjustment to serious problems .
Please note that this update does not constitute a new version of Debian GNU / Linux 4.0 but only updates some of the packages included .
There is no need to throw away 4.0 CDs or DVDs but only to update via an up - to - date Debian mirror after an installation , to cause any out of date packages to be updated .
Those who frequently install updates from security .
debian.org wo n't have to update many packages and most updates from security .
debian.org are included in this update .
New CD and DVD images containing updated packages and the regular installation media accompanied with the package archive respectively will be available soon at the regular locations .
Upgrading to this revision online is usually done by pointing the aptitude ( or apt ) package tool ( see the sources. list ( 5 ) manual page ) to one of Debian 's many FTP or HTTP mirrors .
A comprehensive list of mirrors is available at :
Miscellaneous Bugfixes
This stable update adds several binary updates for various architectures to packages whose version was not synchronised across all architectures .
It also adds a few important corrections to the following packages :
Package Reason crip
Fix possible symlink vulnerability ( CVE - 2008 - 5376 ) devscripts
Fix insecure creation of temporary directories fai - kernels Rebuilt against linux - 2.6 update glibc Change currency for Slovakia and Slovenia to Euro glpi Replace domxml - php5 - php5 . php by a LGPL version gnumeric
Fix untrusted search path vulnerability ( CVE - 2009 - 0318 ) linux - 2.6.24
Fix several issues linux - ftpd- ssl Fix cross - site request forgery ( CVE - 2008 - 4247 ) muttprint Fix possible symlink vulnerability ( CVE - 2008 - 5368 ) tagcoll Fix packaging bug tkman
Fix temporary file race ( CVE - 2008 - 5137 )
Security Updates
This revision adds the following security updates to the stable release .
The Security Team has already released an advisory for each of these updates :
Advisory ID Package Correction(s ) DSA - 1678 perl Privilege escalation DSA - 1685 uw - imap Multiple vulnerabilities DSA - 1686 no-ip Arbitrary code execution DSA - 1688 courier - authlib SQL injection DSA - 1689 proftpd - dfsg Cross - Site Request Forgery DSA - 1690 avahi Denial of service DSA - 1691 moodle Several vulnerabilities DSA - 1692 php-xajax Cross - site scripting DSA - 1693 phppgadmin Several vulnerabilities DSA - 1694 xterm Remote code execution DSA - 1695 ruby1.8 , ruby1.9 Denial of service DSA - 1696 icedove Several vulnerabilities DSA - 1697 iceape Several vulnerabilities DSA - 1698 gforge SQL injection DSA - 1699 zaptel Privilege escalation DSA - 1700 lasso Validation bypass DSA - 1701 openssl , openssl097 Cryptographic weakness DSA - 1702 ntp Cryptographic weakness DSA - 1703 bind9 Cryptographic weakness DSA - 1704 xulrunner Several vulnerabilities DSA - 1705 netatalk Arbitrary code execution DSA - 1706 amarok Arbitrary code execution DSA - 1707 iceweasel Several vulnerabilities DSA - 1708 git-core Remote code execution DSA - 1709 shadow Possible privilege escalation DSA - 1710 ganglia - monitor - core Remote code execution DSA - 1715 moin Insufficient input sanitising
A complete list of all accepted and rejected packages together with rationale is on the preparation page for this revision :
Removed packages
The following packages were removed due to circumstances beyond our control :
Package Reason tmsnc
Security problems , protocol outdated
URLs
The complete lists of packages that have changed with this release :
The current stable distribution :
Proposed updates to the stable distribution :
Stable distribution information ( release notes , errata , etc. ) :
Security announcements and information :
About Debian
The Debian project is an organisation of Free Software developers who volunteer their time and effort , collaborating via the Internet .
Their tasks include maintaining and updating Debian GNU / Linux which is a free distribution of the GNU / Linux operating system .
Debian 's dedication to Free Software , its non-profit nature , and its open development model makes it unique among GNU / Linux distributions .
Contact Information
For further information , please visit the Debian web pages at https://www.debian.org/, send mail to < press@debian.org > , or contact the stable release team at < debian-release@lists.debian.org >.
The Swedes have a simple message to the Americans : Bite the bullet and nationalize .
Officials in Washington are trying to figure out how to shore up American banks that once ruled the financial world but now seem to weaken by the day , despite receiving hundreds of billions of dollars in government aid .
With Sweden ’s banks effectively bankrupt in the early 1990s , a center - right government pulled off a rapid recovery that led to taxpayers making money in the long run .
Former government officials in Sweden , many of whom come from the market - oriented end of the political spectrum , say the only way to solve the crisis in the United States is for the government to be prepared to temporarily take full ownership of the banks .
Sweden placed its banks with troubled assets into a so - called bad bank , where they could be held and then sold over time when market and economic conditions improved .
In the meantime , it used taxpayer money to provide enough capital to allow banks to resume normal lending .
WASHINGTON -- President - elect Barack Obama has banned corporations and big donors from funding his Jan. 20 inauguration .
But 90 % of donations received so far have been raised by well - heeled fund - raisers , including Wall Street executives whose companies have received billions of dollars in federal bailout money .
A total of 207 fund - raisers have collected $ 24.8 million of the $ 27.3 million in contributions disclosed by Mr. Obama through Thursday , according to an analysis by nonpartisan campaign finance group Public Citizen .
...
ADVERTISEMENT
Undeterred , Conyers subpoenas Rove a third time John Byrne
Published : Friday February 13 , 2009
Print This Email This Rove lawyer out of office until deposition date House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers , Jr. D - MI ) has subpoenaed Karl Rove a third time , asking him to appear Monday , Feb. 23 for a deposition to testify about his knowledge about the US Attorney firings and the alleged political prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman .
" Pursuant to my letter to you of Jan. 29 , 2009 , and your agreement to accept service on behalf of Karl Rove , I am enclosing a subpoena for Mr. Rove to appear and provide testimony by deposition on Feb. 23 , 2009 , at 10:00 am in room 2138 of the Rayburn House Office Building , " Conyers wrote Robert Luskin , Rove 's D.C. Attorney .
An email message to Luskin from Raw Story was returned with an auto - reply .
" I will be out of the office and unable to check emails or voicemails until February 23 , 2009 , " the reply said .
" If you need immediate assistance , please contact my assistant . "
An email to Luskin 's assistant was also returned , saying she would return on Tuesday .
Luskin recently told Raw Story that he hoped to reach an amicable agreement with the committee , and as recently as this week , negotiations for the terms of Rove 's appearance before Congress were still ongoing .
Conyers subpoenaed Rove in January ; Rove did not appear .
Rove has previously said he will not testify to Congress .
He 's also refused subpoenas from the Senate Judiciary Committee , which called on him to testify in 2007 .
In the letter accompanying the subpoena , Conyers said Luskin had requested a delay .
" I cannot agree to these requests , " the Michigan Democrat wrote .
He also refused Luskin 's requests for testifying solely about the Alabama governor .
" I do not believe it is acceptable for the Committee to allow witnesses to unilaterally determine what they can and cannot testify concerning , " he wrote .
Luskin said in January that Bush advisers had said Rove was n't required to testify on the US Attorneys matter because he was protected by executive immunity .
" It 's generally agreed that former presidents retain executive privilege as to matters occurring during their term , " Luskin said .
" We 'll solicit the views of the new White House counsel and , if there is a disagreement , assume that the matter will be resolved among the courts , the president and the former president . "
Conyers does n't agree .
 I have said many times that I will carry this investigation forward to its conclusion , whether in Congress or in court , and todays action is an important step along the way ,  Conyers said in January .
 Change has come to Washington , and I hope Karl Rove is ready for it .
After two years of stonewalling , it s time for him to talk . 
The full subpoena is available here .
Correction :
The first edition of this article said that Luskin 's assistant would n't return to the office until Monday ; in fact , she will be out until Tuesday .
Here 's more reason for ghoulish smiles .
At this year 's arcade show AOU , the sequel for Lolita maniac shooter DeathSmiles has been unveiled today .
It 's all Christmasy .
Advertisement
Last month , we broke the news that DeathSmiles was getting a sequel .
DeathSmiles was released in Japanese arcades in 2008 and is getting an Xbox 360 port this Spring .
Watch a clip of gameplay here .
Advertisement
Called DeathSmiles
2 : Hell 's Christmas , the game is a Gothic Lolita winter wonderland — a ruffly petticoat Christmas nightmare !
( Fitting , as the prequel took place during Halloween . )
Cave artist director Junya Inoue , whose work added so much flair to Cave shooters ESP Ra.
De. and Guwange , is once again handling the game 's look .
The horizontal side - scrolling DeathSmiles 2 is expected to hit Japanese arcades later this year .
Promotional images in the gallery below , plus some in - game shots as well as the " Stage Cleared " and " Game Over " screens .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
ケイブのシューティング最新作 「 デススマイルズⅡ - 魔界のメリークリスマス」プレイアブルムービー in AOU2009 [ GIGAZINE ]
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Half of British bankers would consider leaving the country if a cap were put on their cash bonuses , a survey showed on Friday .
Pedestrians walk through the Canary Wharf financial district of London January 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Andrew Winning
The poll by jobs website eFinancialCareers.com found that 49 percent of British - based bankers would consider voting with their feet such a limit to their income were introduced .
That figure rose to 71 percent among financiers with six to ten years experience .
“ Were bonuses to be capped unilaterally in the UK , the country would run the risk of an exodus of top financial talent , ” said John Benson , chief executive of eFinancialCareers .
However , the number of alternative locations in which to work has shrunk dramatically as the credit crisis has hit hiring and pay around the world .
“ ( That ) 71 percent ( of people with six to 10 years experience ) would move abroad I do n’t doubt , given the opportunity .
That last word is the operative word , ” said Shaun Springer , who heads recruitment firm Napier Scott .
“ If you could tell me of the areas that could harbour those skill sets ( of bankers ) , please let me know -- I ’ll be flying out there . ”
U.S. President Barack Obama this month set a $ 500,000 ( 349,970 pound ) cap on executive pay at state - backed banks -- pocket money on Wall Street before the crisis .
European banks are also under pressure to curb bonuses , especially those that have taken government help , and many have cut them .
Thirty - three percent of bankers polled said they believed caps on cash bonuses are the most likely change to be implemented over the next year and 39 percent support such caps .
The poll was conducted between February 16 and February 20 , with 888 financial professionals responding .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Older people living within 50 meters of major power lines are at increased risk of dying from Alzheimer ’s disease or senile dementia , research from Switzerland shows .
The risk increased steadily with the amount of time a person had been living in close proximity to a 220 - 380 kV power line , Dr. Anke Huss of the University of Bern and colleagues found .
These are extra - high voltage lines used for long - distance transmission of large amounts of electricity .
Huss and colleagues were able to look at census and mortality data for over 95 % of the Swiss population , which strengthens the power of the findings .
Nevertheless , the researcher told Reuters Health , the results should be interpreted with caution because this is the first study to link residential magnetic field exposure to Alzheimer ’s mortality .
Huss said she would like to see other research teams , preferably in other countries , look into the issue .
Extremely low - frequency magnetic fields are produced by electrical appliances and wiring as well as by power lines .
The World Health Organization has stated that these magnetic fields are possible human carcinogens .
In 2007 , WHO concluded that there was not enough evidence to link extremely low - frequency magnetic fields to Alzheimer ’s disease , but called for the relationship to be a “ key research priority , ” Huss and her team note in the American Journal of Epidemiology .
To investigate the relationship between residential exposure to power lines and risk of neurodegenerative disease , the researchers looked at 1990 and 2000 census data and 2000 - 2005 mortality data for 4.7 million people 30 and older .
Overall , Huss and her colleagues found , people living within 50 meters of a 220 - 380 kV power line were 1.24 times more likely to die of Alzheimer ’s disease than those living at least 600 meters away from these power lines .
People who lived for at least 5 years near a 220 - 380 kV power line were at a 1.51 - fold increased risk .
For people who lived close to a large power line for at least a decade , risk increased by a factor of 1.78 , while it was doubled for those who had been living near a power line for at least 15 years .
Results were similar when the researchers looked at deaths from senile dementia .
While 9.2 % of the Swiss population lives within 600 meters of an extra - high voltage power line , only 0.3 % live within 50 meters of one , Huss noted .
“ It ’s not a huge amount of people . ”
People are much more likely to be exposed to extremely low - frequency magnetic fields at home , but such exposure can easily be controlled , according to Huss .
While household appliances such as radio alarm clocks can produce magnetic fields similar to those emitted by power lines , the researcher pointed out , reducing risk is a simple matter of avoiding being very close to such devices for long periods of time ; for example , not sleeping with one ’s head close to a radio alarm clock or keeping an electric blanket on all night long .
At present , the researcher added , there is no accepted biological mechanism to explain why magnetic fields might increase Alzheimer ’s risk .
Given the consistency of the findings , she added , “ There might be something going on even if we do n’t know what it is . ”
SOURCE : American Journal of Epidemiology , January 15 , 2009 .
We gave you a rundown of the 10 worst companies for gays and lesbians , but according to an HRC report released last week , they ’re an ever shrinking group .
The 2009 Corporate Equality Index shows that companies are increasingly taking an interest in providing equal protection and a safe environment for their gay and lesbian employees .
When HRC began rating companies on gay and lesbian equality , only 13 scored a perfect 100 .
Today , that number is 259 .
Here are six of the best .
Apple
Possibly the gay - friendliest company on the planet , Apple not only makes shiny computers that appeal to our innate sense of aesthetics , they also donated $ 100,000 to defeat Proposition 8 and encouraged visitors to their site to join in .
In a statement , the company said :
“ Apple was among the first California companies to offer equal rights and benefits to our employees ’ same - sex partners , and we strongly believe that a person ’s fundamental rights – including the right to marry – should not be affected by their sexual orientation .
Apple views this as a civil rights issue , rather than just a political issue , and is therefore speaking out publicly against Proposition 8 . ”
Google
In addition to providing full health benefits and domestic partner rights for its employees , search engine - behemoth Google also took the unprecedented step of speaking out against Prop. 8 , saying :
“ While there are many objections to this proposition — further government encroachment on personal lives , ambiguously written text — it is the chilling and discriminatory effect of the proposition on many of our employees that brings Google to publicly oppose Proposition 8 .
While we respect the strongly - held beliefs that people have on both sides of this argument , we see this fundamentally as an issue of equality .
We hope that California voters will vote no on Proposition 8 — we should not eliminate anyone ’s fundamental rights , whatever their sexuality , to marry the person they love . ”
They also put together a mean pride parade float .
Campbell Soup Co .
Campbell was the target of an American Family Association boycott earlier this year after they ran ads featuring lesbian mommies cooking soup for their son .
Rather than bowing to political pressure , Campbell told the conservatives , “ No soup for you ! ”
The company promised to continue the ads , saying , “ Inclusion and diversity play an important role in our business , and that fact is reflected in our marketing plan . ”
Eastman Kodak Co .
Kodak has been the recipient of many awards for its gay and lesbian inclusiveness over the years , but our favorite Kodak moment would have to be the 2002 story of Rolf Szabo , who , like all employees , received a memo explaining how to act appropriately if a co-worker disclosed their sexuality or gender orientation .
Szabo hit “ reply to all ” and wrote : “ Please do not send this type of information to me anymore , as I find it disgusting and offensive . ”
Kodak officials spoke with Szabo and asked him to apologize , and when he refused , they canned him .
“ The whole thing is true , ” said Jim Blamphin , Kodak ’s manager of corporate media relations .
“ This chap was asked to take part in a program that fosters inclusion , and he refused . ”
Right wingnuts jumped on the news and tried to make Szabo into a hero , but in the end he just remained ( rightly ) fired .
Levi-Strauss Co .
The first Fortune 500 company to offer health benefits to the domestic partners of its unmarried employees , Levi’s has a long history of supporting gay rights , including donating $ 25,000 to defeat Prop .
8 . Robert Haas , the company ’s chairman emeritus also gave $ 100,000 to No on 8 .
Plus , they do great gay ads .
Nike
Last summer , Nike quickly removed an ad featuring a basketball player getting a mouthful of balls ( by accident ) emblazoned with the title “ That Aint Right . ”
It was a rare misstep for a company that ’s had a solid footing with the gay community for years , offering the full - range of domestic partner and health benefits for its employees and regularly sponsoring gay athletes at the Gay Games .
Google today introduced Measurement Lab , a set of tools ( some already working , some upcoming ) for network diagnostics .
To create them , Google partnered with the New America Foundation 's Open Technology Institute , the PlanetLab Consortium , and several academic researchers .
These tools include the Network Diagnostic Tool , which tests your connection speed and gives you a diagnosis on speed issues ; Glasnost , which tests whether your ISP is blocking or throttling BitTorrent connections , and Network Path and Application Diagnosis , which helps you find problems that usually plague last - mile broadband networks .
The thing is , tools of this kind have existed for years .
There 's literally dozens of them , so what Google and partners are offering is nothing new .
However , Google is making a statement here .
Before , tools such as these have been reserved for network administrators , hackers and other experts ; now , Google is trying to introduce them to a wider audience .
It 's not really that important if this wider audience will actually use these tools ; what 's important is the fact that Google is taking a stand , saying : we 're going to help you fight for net neutrality even if the ISPs do n't like it .
It was n't an easy decision to make , even for a giant like Google .
If these tools were coming from another source , the ISPs would probably simply employ measures that render them useless .
However , it 's much harder to block a service if Google stands behind it .
On the other hand , even Google does n't want to anger every ISP that 's throttling network traffic in some way - and many of them are doing it .
Net neutrality has just received a huge push ; probably one that will ultimately turn the tide to its favor .
We ’d love to talk
Find out how we can support your research objective with behavioral data .
We 're looking forward to providing you with a quote , a demo or any information about our products and data .
Tom Mercier Shirtless , Underwear , Girlfriend .
Anyone of you watching We Are Who We Are on HBO ?
Damn , we did not know the actors will be so revealing .
By revealing , we mean that sometimes , there are scenes in the show where the actors totally go au naturel .
For instance , there ’s that episode where Sebastiano Pigazzi takes off his Speedo and waves it over his head .
And in another episode , we see Tom Mercier move around in his birthday suit .
Bill Keating ( above , from this video ) , a former Texas Sheriff , pleaded guilty in federal court to sexually assaulting a woman , telling her she had to comply or face jail on a drug charge .
U.S. Magistrate Judge Robert K. Roach decided to allow Keating to remain free until sentencing in May .
The honorable Judge Roach said Keating was neither a flight risk nor a danger to the community because he had a " stable marriage " and because " this crime and other alleged misdeeds happened when he was acting as the sheriff . "
Keating and [ as many as 12 other former sheriff 's personnel and inmates ] also face state charges related to having sex with inmates and taking illegal substances into the jail , Montague County District Attorney Jack McGaughey said .
He declined to reveal specifics Tuesday but said he would present cases to a grand jury in February .
So rapists get special treatment if they carry a badge ?
And did the judge ask Keating 's wife how " stable " her marriage with this rapist is ?
Civil Liberties Examiner has more .
PlayStation fans seem to be waiting for some sea change in sales of the PlayStation 3 platform , which causes unrealistic hopes to be put on each and every high - profile game released for the system .
There 's a reason that flame wars erupt over the launch of games like Killzone 2 and Metal Gear Solid 4 ; an inordinate amount of importance is placed on each of these exclusive titles .
And sales of the system remain unimpressive , which has caused even more hand - wringing and / or crowing about the state of the PS3 .
If you are a serious fan of video games , however , the system has been a must - buy for longer than many gamers seem to think .
While we can debate the importance of casual gaming and the success of the Wii , the fact remains that if you skip the PlayStation 3 this generation , you 're going to have gaping holes in your knowledge of the state of the art .
The PlayStation 3 has big - budget shooters covered ; Resistance 2 and Killzone 2 are solid competition for anything the Xbox 360 has , but that 's not what 's going to move systems .
What makes the PS3 an important system are the smaller games that are bound to become cult hits while informing the next generation of game developers about what can and can't be done .
Sony was the first company to meld trading cards with interactivity in a way that actually made sense , even if Eye of Judgment did n't become a runaway hit .
Trials of Topoq used the PlayStation Eye to turn what looked like a puzzle game into a relaxing stretching exercise .
Wii
Fit may be grabbing all the sales , but Sony created the first game that seems to almost trick you into doing what looks and feels like a Tai Chi work out .
We can go on , and I think we should .
LittleBigPlanet took simple platforming and mixed in some powerful content - creation tools ; it became the first game that you can browse with friends ... every time you turn it on you can see something new and exciting .
Everyday Shooter took the dual - analog control scheme that has become irritatingly common on downloadable titles and added guitar - based music and wonderful design to turn a tired genre into something approaching art .
The fact that Sony saw something in Jonathan Mak and gave him a home on the PS3 speaks well of the company 's dedication to nurturing talent ;
Mak's is a mind that will give us great things in the future .
You also have to consider the just - released Flower when talking about games that try to do something different and succeed at melding emotions and style into an entertaining experience .
Most " games - as - art experiments " forget that we 're looking for — something that 's worth sitting down and playing , and Flower does not fall into that trap .
It 's also one of the rare games that stands alone .
Can you point to anything else that 's like it ?
Other than the spiritual prequel flOw , which was also created by Jenova Chen and thatgamecompany , that is .
We do n't have to gaze at our navels and talk about art to find singular games on the games , either .
Metal Gear Solid 4 may have featured a somewhat overwrought story — what Hideo Kojima game does n't ? — but it was also a grand experiment in how to meld film with video games .
Whether the game was successful or not , it 's worth sitting down to experience a game that is n't afraid to keep you watching the story .
While the talk of the length of the cutscenes was big news around the time the reviews came out , now we need to use the game to learn what we can about how cut - scenes that long should be used ... if at all .
But you have to play to have an informed opinion , and there 's only one place to do so .
Another AAA title for the system ?
Uncharted : Drake 's Fortune .
This was a game that Frank and I argued over , as I felt that the game was going to be completely run over by the glut of games released alongside it ; it felt like an also - ran before it even hit the shelves .
But an hour or two into the actual gameplay and we were making phone calls ; this was the game that caused us to bump Mass Effect off the front page to make room for a multi-page Uncharted review .
Even today I do n't regret the choice ; Drake 's Fortune gave us an amusingly human set of characters and set them on an incredible adventure .
When a video game so easily trumps the newest Indiana Jones movie and steals most of the good things that made that film series so endearing , you know you 're on to something special .
We have high hopes for the sequel .
People complain about Sega not showing the love of quality or the flair for the unexpected that the company was known for years ago , but the PS3 - exclusive Valkyria Chronicles did piles of things right and may well become one of the best games that almost no one plays this generation .
While information on sales of the game is hard to come by , people are still talking about it and will continue to do so for some time .
Do n't let the snooty nature of some of the fans scare you away ; this is a welcoming and beautiful strategy title .
Should I go on ?
PixelJunk Monsters was the reigning king of the tower defense genre on consoles ... until Savage Moon came out .
Speaking of the PixelJunk series , Eden is another game that has carved out its own home on the system , and these titles all deserve the somewhat rabid following they enjoy online .
When we 're talking about games you can buy on the PlayStation Network , it 's impossible to ignore Wipeout HD .
A fast , beautiful , almost impossibly polished entry in the world of racing games .
This is what we prayed games would look like when we were growing up .
The fact that a game this good is available via download for only $ 20 shows just how much power Sony has harnessed by packing in a hard drive with every system and fully embracing digital distribution .
When you can buy Burnout Paradise for $ 20 on the PlayStation Network and get the entire game with the slew of patches that have been released since launch , you see just how much Sony has outclassed Microsoft on this front .
The PS3 has arrived
Gamers spend way too much time arguing about whether or not Home is going to be huge .
It 's certainly part of the story , but the flagging online service has nothing to do with the life and death of the PS3 as a system that can play great games .
It 's the same thing with the sales numbers ; people like to know how products are doing , and looking at sales data tells us much about where we 're going and how fast we 're getting there , but you can't miss the forest for the trees — neither of these two things affects the fact that the PlayStation is absolutely ablaze with brave , new , exclusive games .
This article contains no forward - looking statements .
We left out all the great cross-platform games and titles that will be released in the coming years .
These are games that are finished , that you can buy at the store or online right now .
If you have a PS3 and have a love of games , you will run out of time and money before you run out of games to buy .
I keep hearing jokes that " next year " is perpetually the answer to the question of when the PS3 will take off , but those of us who are able to walk away from the argument know the right answer : the system is in orbit already .
I have obtained reprint permission for the Internet for Jeffrey Snyder 's " A Nation of Cowards " .
It may be reproduced freely , including forwarding copies to politicians , provided that it is not distributed for profit and subscription information is included .
I especially encourage you to copy and pass on this strong statement about firearms ownership to friends , colleagues , undecideds , and other firearms rights supporters .
Your grassroots pamphleteering can counter the propaganda blitz now going on by introducing some reason to the debate .
This essay is one of our best weapons .
To get plaintext : ftp ftp.rkba.org , get /public_html/comment/cowards.txt
The WWW URL is : http://rkba.org/comment/cowards.txt
Jeff Chan
" A Nation of Cowards " was published in the Fall , '93 issue of The Public Interest , a quarterly journal of opinion published by National Affairs , Inc .
Single copies of The Public Interest are available for $ 6 .
Annual subscription rate is $ 21 ( $ 24 US , for Canadian and foreign subscriptions ) .
Single copies of this or other issues , and subscriptions , can be obtained from :
The Public Interest 1112 16th St. , N.W. , Suite 140 Washington , DC 20036 ( C ) 1993 by The Public Interest .
A NATION OF COWARDS
Jeffrey R. Snyder
OUR SOCIETY has reached a pinnacle of self - expression and respect for individuality rare or unmatched in history .
Our entire popular culture -- from fashion magazines to the cinema -- positively screams the matchless worth of the individual , and glories in eccentricity , nonconformity , independent judgment , and self - determination .
This enthusiasm is reflected in the prevalent notion that helping someone entails increasing that person 's " self - esteem " ; that if a person properly values himself , he will naturally be a happy , productive , and , in some inexplicable fashion , responsible member of society .
And yet , while people are encouraged to revel in their individuality and incalculable self - worth , the media and the law enforcement establishment continually advise us that , when confronted with the threat of lethal violence , we should not resist , but simply give the attacker what he wants .
If the crime under consideration is rape , there is some notable waffling on this point , and the discussion quickly moves to how the woman can change her behavior to minimize the risk of rape , and the various ridiculous , non-lethal weapons she may acceptably carry , such as whistles , keys , mace or , that weapon which really sends shivers down a rapist 's spine , the portable cellular phone .
Now how can this be ?
How can a person who values himself so highly calmly accept the indignity of a criminal assault ?
How can one who believes that the essence of his dignity lies in his self - determination passively accept the forcible deprivation of that self - determination ?
How can he , quietly , with great dignity and poise , simply hand over the goods ?
The assumption , of course , is that there is no inconsistency .
The advice not to resist a criminal assault and simply hand over the goods is founded on the notion that one 's life is of incalculable value , and that no amount of property is worth it .
Put aside , for a moment , the outrageousness of the suggestion that a criminal who proffers lethal violence should be treated as if he has instituted a new social contract : " I will not hurt or kill you if you give me what I want . "
For years , feminists have labored to educate people that rape is not about sex , but about domination , degradation , and control .
Evidently , someone needs to inform the law enforcement establishment and the media that kidnapping , robbery , carjacking , and assault are not about property .
Crime is not only a complete disavowal of the social contract , but also a commandeering of the victim 's person and liberty .
If the individual 's dignity lies in the fact that he is a moral agent engaging in actions of his own will , in free exchange with others , then crime always violates the victim 's dignity .
It is , in fact , an act of enslavement .
Your wallet , your purse , or your car may not be worth your life , but your dignity is ; and if it is not worth fighting for , it can hardly be said to exist .
The Gift of Life
Although difficult for modern man to fathom , it was once widely believed that life was a gift from God , that to not defend that life when offered violence was to hold God 's gift in contempt , to be a coward and to breach one 's duty to one 's community .
A sermon given in Philadelphia in 1747 unequivocally equated the failure to defend oneself with suicide :
He that suffers his life to be taken from him by one that hath no authority for that purpose , when he might preserve it by defense , incurs the Guilt of self murder since God hath enjoined him to seek the continuance of his life , and Nature itself teaches every creature to defend itself .
" Cowardice " and " self - respect " have largely disappeared from public discourse .
In their place we are offered " self - esteem " as the bellwether of success and a proxy for dignity .
" Self - respect " implies that one recognizes standards , and judges oneself worthy by the degree to which one lives up to them .
" Self - esteem " simply means that one feels good about oneself .
" Dignity " used to refer to the self - mastery and fortitude with which a person conducted himself in the face of life 's vicissitudes and the boorish behavior of others .
Now , judging by campus speech codes , dignity requires that we never encounter a discouraging word and that others be coerced into acting respectfully , evidently on the assumption that we are powerless to prevent our degradation if exposed to the demeaning behavior of others .
These are signposts proclaiming the insubstantiality of our character , the hollowness of our souls .
It is impossible to address the problem of rampant crime without talking about the moral responsibility of the intended victim .
Crime is rampant because the law - abiding , each of us , condone it , excuse it , permit it , submit to it .
We permit and encourage it because we do not fight back , immediately , then and there , where it happens .
Crime is not rampant because we do not have enough prisons , because judges and prosecutors are too soft , because the police are hamstrung with absurd technicalities .
The defect is there , in our character .
We are a nation of cowards and shirkers .
Do You Feel Lucky ?
In 1991 , when then - Attorney General Richard Thornburgh released the FBI 's annual crime statistics , he noted that it is now more likely that a person will be the victim of a violent crime than that he will be in an auto accident .
Despite this , most people readily believe that the existence of the police relieves them of the responsibility to take full measures to protect themselves .
The police , however , are not personal bodyguards .
Rather , they act as a general deterrent to crime , both by their presence and by apprehending criminals after the fact .
As numerous courts have held , they have no legal obligation to protect anyone in particular .
You can not sue them for failing to prevent you from being the victim of a crime .
Insofar as the police deter by their presence , they are very , very good .
Criminals take great pains not to commit a crime in front of them .
Unfortunately , the corollary is that you can pretty much bet your life ( and you are ) that they wo n't be there at the moment you actually need them .
Should you ever be the victim of an assault , a robbery , or a rape , you will find it very difficult to call the police while the act is in progress , even if you are carrying a portable cellular phone .
Nevertheless , you might be interested to know how long it takes them to show up .
Department of Justice statistics for 1991 show that , for all crimes of violence , only 28 percent of calls are responded to within five minutes .
The idea that protection is a service people can call to have delivered and expect to receive in a timely fashion is often mocked by gun owners , who love to recite the challenge , " Call for a cop , call for an ambulance , and call for a pizza .
See who shows up first . "
Many people deal with the problem of crime by convincing themselves that they live , work , and travel only in special " crime - free " zones .
Invariably , they react with shock and hurt surprise when they discover that criminals do not play by the rules and do not respect these imaginary boundaries .
If , however , you understand that crime can occur anywhere at anytime , and if you understand that you can be maimed or mortally wounded in mere seconds , you may wish to consider whether you are willing to place the responsibility for safeguarding your life in the hands of others .
Power And Responsibility
Is your life worth protecting ?
If so , whose responsibility is it to protect it ?
If you believe that it is the police 's , not only are you wrong -- since the courts universally rule that they have no legal obligation to do so -- but you face some difficult moral quandaries .
How can you rightfully ask another human being to risk his life to protect yours , when you will assume no responsibility yourself ?
Because that is his job and we pay him to do it ?
Because your life is of incalculable value , but his is only worth the $ 30,000 salary we pay him ?
If you believe it reprehensible to possess the means and will to use lethal force to repel a criminal assault , how can you call upon another to do so for you ?
Do you believe that you are forbidden to protect yourself because the police are better qualified to protect you , because they know what they are doing but you 're a rank amateur ?
Put aside that this is equivalent to believing that only concert pianists may play the piano and only professional athletes may play sports .
What exactly are these special qualities possessed only by the police and beyond the rest of us mere mortals ?
One who values his life and takes seriously his responsibilities to his family and community will possess and cultivate the means of fighting back , and will retaliate when threatened with death or grievous injury to himself or a loved one .
He will never be content to rely solely on others for his safety , or to think he has done all that is possible by being aware of his surroundings and taking measures of avoidance .
Let 's not mince words :
He will be armed , will be trained in the use of his weapon , and will defend himself when faced with lethal violence .
Fortunately , there is a weapon for preserving life and liberty that can be wielded effectively by almost anyone -- the handgun .
Small and light enough to be carried habitually , lethal , but unlike the knife or sword , not demanding great skill or strength , it truly is the " great equalizer . "
Requiring only hand - eye coordination and a modicum of ability to remain cool under pressure , it can be used effectively by the old and the weak against the young and the strong , by the one against the many .
The handgun is the only weapon that would give a lone female jogger a chance of prevailing against a gang of thugs intent on rape , a teacher a chance of protecting children at recess from a madman intent on massacring them , a family of tourists waiting at a mid-town subway station the means to protect themselves from a gang of teens armed with razors and knives .
But since we live in a society that by and large outlaws the carrying of arms , we are brought into the fray of the Great American Gun War .
Gun control is one of the most prominent battlegrounds in our current culture wars .
Yet it is unique in the half - heartedness with which our conservative leaders and pundits -- our " conservative elite " -- do battle , and have conceded the moral high ground to liberal gun control proponents .
It is not a topic often written about , or written about with any great fervor , by William F. Buckley or Patrick Buchanan .
As drug czar , William Bennett advised President Bush to ban " assault weapons . "
George
Will is on record as recommending the repeal of the Second Amendment , and Jack Kemp is on record as favoring a ban on the possession of semiautomatic " assault weapons . "
The battle for gun rights is one fought predominantly by the common man .
The beliefs of both our liberal and conservative elites are in fact abetting the criminal rampage through our society .
Selling Crime Prevention
By any rational measure , nearly all gun control proposals are hokum .
The Brady Bill , for example , would not have prevented John Hinckley from obtaining a gun to shoot President Reagan ; Hinckley purchased his weapon five months before the attack , and his medical records could not have served as a basis to deny his purchase of a gun , since medical records are not public documents filed with the police .
Similarly , California 's waiting period and background check did not stop Patrick Purdy from purchasing the " assault rifle " and handguns he used to massacre children during recess in a Stockton schoolyard ; the felony conviction that would have provided the basis for stopping the sales did not exist , because Mr. Purdy 's previous weapons violations were plea - bargained down from felonies to misdemeanors .
In the mid-sixties there was a public service advertising campaign targeted at car owners about the prevention of car theft .
The purpose of the ad was to urge car owners not to leave their keys in their cars .
The message was , " Do n't help a good boy go bad . "
The implication was that , by leaving his keys in his car , the normal , law - abiding car owner was contributing to the delinquency of minors who , if they just were n't tempted beyond their limits , would be " good . "
Now , in those days people still had a fair sense of just who was responsible for whose behavior .
The ad succeeded in enraging a goodly portion of the populace , and was soon dropped .
Nearly all of the gun control measures offered by Handgun Control , Inc. ( HCI ) and its ilk embody the same philosophy .
They are founded on the belief that America 's law - abiding gun owners are the source of the problem .
With their unholy desire for firearms , they are creating a society awash in a sea of guns , thereby helping good boys go bad , and helping bad boys be badder .
This laying of moral blame for violent crime at the feet of the law - abiding , and the implicit absolution of violent criminals for their misdeeds , naturally infuriates honest gun owners .
The files of HCI and other gun control organizations are filled with proposals to limit the availability of semiautomatic and other firearms to law - abiding citizens , and barren of proposals for apprehending and punishing violent criminals .
It is ludicrous to expect that the proposals of HCI , or any gun control laws , will significantly curb crime .
According to Department of Justice and Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms ( ATF ) statistics , fully 90 percent of violent crimes are committed without a handgun , and 93 percent of the guns obtained by violent criminals are not obtained through the lawful purchase and sale transactions that are the object of most gun control legislation .
Furthermore , the number of violent criminals is minute in comparison to the number of firearms in America -- estimated by the ATF at about 200 million , approximately one - third of which are handguns .
With so abundant a supply , there will always be enough guns available for those who wish to use them for nefarious ends , no matter how complete the legal prohibitions against them , or how draconian the punishment for their acquisition or use .
No , the gun control proposals of HCI and other organizations are not seriously intended as crime control .
Something else is at work here .
The Tyranny of the Elite
Gun control is a moral crusade against a benighted , barbaric citizenry .
This is demonstrated not only by the ineffectualness of gun control in preventing crime , and by the fact that it focuses on restricting the behavior of the law - abiding rather than apprehending and punishing the guilty , but also by the execration that gun control proponents heap on gun owners and their evil instrumentality , the NRA .
Gun owners are routinely portrayed as uneducated , paranoid rednecks fascinated by and prone to violence , i.e. , exactly the type of person who opposes the liberal agenda and whose moral and social " re-education " is the object of liberal social policies .
Typical of such bigotry is New York Gov. Mario Cuomo's famous characterization of gun-owners as " hunters who drink beer , do n't vote , and lie to their wives about where they were all weekend . "
Similar vituperation is rained upon the NRA , characterized by Sen. Edward Kennedy as the " pusher 's best friend , " lampooned in political cartoons as standing for the right of children to carry firearms to school and , in general , portrayed as standing for an individual 's God - given right to blow people away at will .
The stereotype is , of course , false .
As criminologist and constitutional lawyer Don B. Kates , Jr. and former HCI contributor Dr. Patricia Harris have pointed out , " [ s ] tudies consistently show that , on the average , gun owners are better educated and have more prestigious jobs than non-owners ....
Later studies show that gun owners are less likely than non-owners to approve of police brutality , violence against dissenters , etc . "
Conservatives must understand that the antipathy many liberals have for gun owners arises in good measure from their statist utopianism .
This habit of mind has nowhere been better explored than in The Republic .
There , Plato argues that the perfectly just society is one in which an unarmed people exhibit virtue by minding their own business in the performance of their assigned functions , while the government of philosopher - kings , above the law and protected by armed guardians unquestioning in their loyalty to the state , engineers , implements , and fine - tunes the creation of that society , aided and abetted by myths that both hide and justify their totalitarian manipulation .
The Unarmed Life
When columnist Carl Rowan preaches gun control and uses a gun to defend his home , when Maryland Gov. William Donald Schaefer seeks legislation year after year to ban semiautomatic " assault weapons " whose only purpose , we are told , is to kill people , while he is at the same time escorted by state police armed with large - capacity 9 mm semiautomatic pistols , it is not simple hypocrisy .
It is the workings of that habit of mind possessed by all superior beings who have taken upon themselves the terrible burden of civilizing the masses and who understand , like our Congress , that laws are for other people .
The liberal elite know that they are philosopher - kings .
They know that the people simply cannot be trusted ; that they are incapable of just and fair self - government ; that left to their own devices , their society will be racist , sexist , homophobic , and inequitable -- and the liberal elite know how to fix things .
They are going to help us live the good and just life , even if they have to lie to us and force us to do it .
And they detest those who stand in their way .
The private ownership of firearms is a rebuke to this utopian zeal .
To own firearms is to affirm that freedom and liberty are not gifts from the state .
It is to reserve final judgment about whether the state is encroaching on freedom and liberty , to stand ready to defend that freedom with more than mere words , and to stand outside the state 's totalitarian reach .
The Florida Experience
The elitist distrust of the people underlying the gun control movement is illustrated beautifully in HCI 's campaign against a new concealed - carry law in Florida .
Prior to 1987 , the Florida law permitting the issuance of concealed - carry permits was administered at the county level .
The law was vague , and , as a result , was subject to conflicting interpretation and political manipulation .
Permits were issued principally to security personnel and the privileged few with political connections .
Permits were valid only within the county of issuance .
In 1987 , however , Florida enacted a uniform concealed - carry law which mandates that county authorities issue a permit to anyone who satisfies certain objective criteria .
The law requires that a permit be issued to any applicant who is a resident , at least twenty - one years of age , has no criminal record , no record of alcohol or drug abuse , no history of mental illness , and provides evidence of having satisfactorily completed a firearms safety course offered by the NRA or other competent instructor .
The applicant must provide a set of fingerprints , after which the authorities make a background check .
The permit must be issued or denied within ninety days , is valid throughout the state , and must be renewed every three years , which provides authorities a regular means of reevaluating whether the permit holder still qualifies .
Passage of this legislation was vehemently opposed by HCI and the media .
The law , they said , would lead to citizens shooting each other over everyday disputes involving fender benders , impolite behavior , and other slights to their dignity .
Terms like " Florida , the Gunshine State " and " Dodge City East " were coined to suggest that the state , and those seeking passage of the law , were encouraging individuals to act as judge , jury , and executioner in a " Death Wish " society .
No HCI campaign more clearly demonstrates the elitist beliefs underlying the campaign to eradicate gun ownership .
Given the qualifications required of permit holders , HCI and the media can only believe that common , law - abiding citizens are seething cauldrons of homicidal rage , ready to kill to avenge any slight to their dignity , eager to seek out and summarily execute the lawless .
Only lack of immediate access to a gun restrains them and prevents the blood from flowing in the streets .
They are so mentally and morally deficient that they would mistake a permit to carry a weapon in self - defense as a state - sanctioned license to kill at will .
Did the dire predictions come true ?
Despite the fact that Miami and Dade County have severe problems with the drug trade , the homicide rate fell in Florida following enactment of this law , as it did in Oregon following enactment of similar legislation there .
There are , in addition , several documented cases of new permit holders successfully using their weapons to defend themselves .
Information from the Florida Department of State shows that , from the beginning of the program in 1987 through June 1993 , 160,823 permits have been issued , and only 530 , or about 0.33 percent of the applicants , have been denied a permit for failure to satisfy the criteria , indicating that the law is benefitting those whom it was intended to benefit -- the law - abiding .
Only 16 permits , less than 1/100th of 1 percent , have been revoked due to the post - issuance commission of a crime involving a firearm .
The Florida legislation has been used as a model for legislation adopted by Oregon , Idaho , Montana , and Mississippi .
There are , in addition , seven other states ( Maine , North and South Dakota , Utah , Washington , West Virginia , and , with the exception of cities with a population in excess of 1 million , Pennsylvania ) which provide that concealed - carry permits must be issued to law - abiding citizens who satisfy various objective criteria .
Finally , no permit is required at all in Vermont .
Altogether , then , there are thirteen states in which law - abiding citizens who wish to carry arms to defend themselves may do so .
While no one appears to have compiled the statistics from all of these jurisdictions , there is certainly an ample data base for those seeking the truth about the trustworthiness of law - abiding citizens who carry firearms .
Other evidence also suggests that armed citizens are very responsible in using guns to defend themselves .
Florida State University criminologist Gary Kleck , using surveys and other data , has determined that armed citizens defend their lives or property with firearms against criminals approximately 1 million times a year .
In 98 percent of these instances , the citizen merely brandishes the weapon or fires a warning shot .
Only in 2 percent of the cases do citizens actually shoot their assailants .
In defending themselves with their firearms , armed citizens kill 2,000 to 3,000 criminals each year , three times the number killed by the police .
A nationwide study by Kates , the constitutional lawyer and criminologist , found that only 2 percent of civilian shootings involved an innocent person mistakenly identified as a criminal .
The " error rate " for the police , however , was 11 percent , over five times as high .
It is simply not possible to square the numbers above and the experience of Florida with the notions that honest , law - abiding gun owners are borderline psychopaths itching for an excuse to shoot someone , vigilantes eager to seek out and summarily execute the lawless , or incompetent fools incapable of determining when it is proper to use lethal force in defense of their lives .
Nor upon reflection should these results seem surprising .
Rape , robbery , and attempted murder are not typically actions rife with ambiguity or subtlety , requiring special powers of observation and great book - learning to discern .
When a man pulls a knife on a woman and says , " You 're coming with me , " her judgment that a crime is being committed is not likely to be in error .
There is little chance that she is going to shoot the wrong person .
It is the police , because they are rarely at the scene of the crime when it occurs , who are more likely to find themselves in circumstances where guilt and innocence are not so clear - cut , and in which the probability for mistakes is higher .
Arms and Liberty
Classical republican philosophy has long recognized the critical relationship between personal liberty and the possession of arms by a people ready and willing to use them .
Political theorists as dissimilar as Niccolo Machiavelli , Sir Thomas More , James Harrington , Algernon Sidney , John Locke , and Jean - Jacques Rousseau all shared the view that the possession of arms is vital for resisting tyranny , and that to be disarmed by one 's government is tantamount to being enslaved by it .
The possession of arms by the people is the ultimate warrant that government governs only with the consent of the governed .
As Kates has shown , the Second Amendment is as much a product of this political philosophy as it is of the American experience in the Revolutionary War .
Yet our conservative elite has abandoned this aspect of republican theory .
Although our conservative pundits recognize and embrace gun owners as allies in other arenas , their battle for gun rights is desultory .
The problem here is not a statist utopianism , although goodness knows that liberals are not alone in the confidence they have in the state 's ability to solve society 's problems .
Rather , the problem seems to lie in certain cultural traits shared by our conservative and liberal elites .
One such trait is an abounding faith in the power of the word .
The failure of our conservative elite to defend the Second Amendment stems in great measure from an overestimation of the power of the rights set forth in the First Amendment , and a general undervaluation of action .
Implicit in calls for the repeal of the Second Amendment is the assumption that our First Amendment rights are sufficient to preserve our liberty .
The belief is that liberty can be preserved as long as men freely speak their minds ; that there is no tyranny or abuse that can survive being exposed in the press ; and that the truth need only be disclosed for the culprits to be shamed .
The people will act , and the truth shall set us , and keep us , free .
History is not kind to this belief , tending rather to support the view of Hobbes , Machiavelli , and other republican theorists that only people willing and able to defend themselves can preserve their liberties .
While it may be tempting and comforting to believe that the existence of mass electronic communication has forever altered the balance of power between the state and its subjects , the belief has certainly not been tested by time , and what little history there is in the age of mass communication is not especially encouraging .
The camera , radio , and press are mere tools and , like guns , can be used for good or ill .
Hitler , after all , was a masterful orator , used radio to very good effect , and is well known to have pioneered and exploited the propaganda opportunities afforded by film .
And then , of course , there were the Brownshirts , who knew very well how to quell dissent among intellectuals .
Polite Society
In addition to being enamored of the power of words , our conservative elite shares with liberals the notion that an armed society is just not civilized or progressive , that massive gun ownership is a blot on our civilization .
This association of personal disarmament with civilized behavior is one of the great unexamined beliefs of our time .
Should you read English literature from the sixteenth through nineteenth centuries , you will discover numerous references to the fact that a gentleman , especially when out at night or traveling , armed himself with a sword or a pistol against the chance of encountering a highwayman or other such predator .
This does not appear to have shocked the ladies accompanying him .
True , for the most part there were no police in those days , but we have already addressed the notion that the presence of the police absolves people of the responsibility to look after their safety , and in any event the existence of the police cannot be said to have reduced crime to negligible levels .
It is by no means obvious why it is " civilized " to permit oneself to fall easy prey to criminal violence , and to permit criminals to continue unobstructed in their evil ways .
While it may be that a society in which crime is so rare that no one ever needs to carry a weapon is " civilized , " a society that stigmatizes the carrying of weapons by the law - abiding -- because it distrusts its citizens more than it fears rapists , robbers , and murderers -- certainly cannot claim this distinction .
Perhaps the notion that defending oneself with lethal force is not " civilized " arises from the view that violence is always wrong , or the view that each human being is of such intrinsic worth that it is wrong to kill anyone under any circumstances .
The necessary implication of these propositions , however , is that life is not worth defending .
Far from being " civilized , " the beliefs that counterviolence and killing are always wrong are an invitation to the spread of barbarism .
Such beliefs announce loudly and clearly that those who do not respect the lives and property of others will rule over those who do .
In truth , one who believes it wrong to arm himself against criminal violence shows contempt of God 's gift of life ( or , in modern parlance , does not properly value himself ) , does not live up to his responsibilities to his family and community , and proclaims himself mentally and morally deficient , because he does not trust himself to behave responsibly .
In truth , a state that deprives its law - abiding citizens of the means to effectively defend themselves is not civilized but barbarous , becoming an accomplice of murderers , rapists , and thugs and revealing its totalitarian nature by its tacit admission that the disorganized , random havoc created by criminals is far less a threat than are men and women who believe themselves free and independent , and act accordingly .
While gun control proponents and other advocates of a kinder , gentler society incessantly decry our " armed society , " in truth we do not live in an armed society .
We live in a society in which violent criminals and agents of the state habitually carry weapons , and in which many law - abiding citizens own firearms but do not go about armed .
Department of Justice statistics indicate that 87 percent of all violent crimes occur outside the home .
Essentially , although tens of millions own firearms , we are an unarmed society .
Take Back the Night
Clearly the police and the courts are not providing a significant brake on criminal activity .
While liberals call for more poverty , education , and drug treatment programs , conservatives take a more direct tack .
George Will advocates a massive increase in the number of police and a shift toward " community - based policing . "
Meanwhile , the NRA and many conservative leaders call for laws that would require violent criminals serve at least 85 percent of their sentences and would place repeat offenders permanently behind bars .
Our society suffers greatly from the beliefs that only official action is legitimate and that the state is the source of our earthly salvation .
Both liberal and conservative prescriptions for violent crime suffer from the " not in my job description " school of thought regarding the responsibilities of the law - abiding citizen , and from an overestimation of the ability of the state to provide society 's moral moorings .
As long as law - abiding citizens assume no personal responsibility for combatting crime , liberal and conservative programs will fail to contain it .
Judging by the numerous articles about concealed - carry in gun magazines , the growing number of products advertised for such purpose , and the increase in the number of concealed - carry applications in states with mandatory - issuance laws , more and more people , including growing numbers of women , are carrying firearms for self - defense .
Since there are still many states in which the issuance of permits is discretionary and in which law enforcement officials routinely deny applications , many people have been put to the hard choice between protecting their lives or respecting the law .
Some of these people have learned the hard way , by being the victim of a crime , or by seeing a friend or loved one raped , robbed , or murdered , that violent crime can happen to anyone , anywhere at anytime , and that crime is not about sex or property but life , liberty , and dignity .
The laws proscribing concealed - carry of firearms by honest , law - abiding citizens breed nothing but disrespect for the law .
As the Founding Fathers knew well , a government that does not trust its honest , law - abiding , taxpaying citizens with the means of self - defense is not itself worthy of trust .
Laws disarming honest citizens proclaim that the government is the master , not the servant , of the people .
A federal law along the lines of the Florida statute -- overriding all contradictory state and local laws and acknowledging that the carrying of firearms by law - abiding citizens is a privilege and immunity of citizenship -- is needed to correct the outrageous conduct of state and local officials operating under discretionary licensing systems .
What we certainly do not need is more gun control .
Those who call for the repeal of the Second Amendment so that we can really begin controlling firearms betray a serious misunderstanding of the Bill of Rights .
The Bill of Rights does not grant rights to the people , such that its repeal would legitimately confer upon government the powers otherwise proscribed .
The Bill of Rights is the list of the fundamental , inalienable rights , endowed in man by his Creator , that define what it means to be a free and independent people , the rights which must exist to ensure that government governs only with the consent of the people .
At one time this was even understood by the Supreme Court .
In United States v. Cruikshank ( 1876 ) , the first case in which the Court had an opportunity to interpret the Second Amendment , it stated that the right confirmed by the Second Amendment " is not a right granted by the constitution .
Neither is it in any manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence . "
The repeal of the Second Amendment would no more render the outlawing of firearms legitimate than the repeal of the due process clause of the Fifth Amendment would authorize the government to imprison and kill people at will .
A government that abrogates any of the Bill of Rights , with or without majoritarian approval , forever acts illegitimately , becomes tyrannical , and loses the moral right to govern .
This is the uncompromising understanding reflected in the warning that America 's gun owners will not go gently into that good , utopian night : " You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold , dead hands . "
While liberals take this statement as evidence of the retrograde , violent nature of gun owners , we gun owners hope that liberals hold equally strong sentiments about their printing presses , word processors , and television cameras .
The republic depends upon fervent devotion to all our fundamental rights .
CURE FOR CANCER PROSPERITY SOCIAL JUSTICE NO MORE ARRESTS !
Rick Simpson Hemp Industry Jay & Joe 's Arrest Trial Date : Feb. 2 , 2010
" Prohibition will work great injury to the cause of temperance .
It is a species of intemperance within itself , for it goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man 's appetite by legislation , and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes .
A Prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded . "
Löchrige Datenarchive
Angst vor der digitalen Amnesie
Musik ist digital , Kommunikation ist digital , wahrscheinlich wabern bald auch Bücher nur noch als Bits und Bytes durch die Datennetze .
Doch werden die kulturellen Schätze so Jahrtausende überdauern - und was werden Archäologen dereinst noch von uns finden ?
Investment Strategy for Recession : Capital Preservation with Safe Investments
As you might have noticed , stock market volatility ( mostly to the downside ) is wreaking havoc with investment portfolios .
As a result there appears to be a rising investment strategy trend toward capital preservation .
Considering the fears that a recession sparks , it is not especially surprising that many are looking for safe investments .
( Or safer investments ; no investment is completely safe . )
Rather than risk loss , preserving capital becomes an object for those with low risk tolerance — be it financial risk tolerance or emotional risk tolerance .
Additionally , for those concerned about impending retirement , an asset allocation strategy with an increased ( but not complete ) stress on capital preservation is often advised .
Capital preservation
Capital preservation is just what it sounds like :
You make safe investments in order to prevent loss of your original , principal investment .
The return when employing such an investment strategy is usually fairly low , but you do enjoy some appreciation in nearly all cases .
Capital preservation stands in contrast to a capital growth investment strategy , by which you attempt to aggressively increase your earnings .
While the potential earnings are greater , the risk of loss is also greater — which is why , in this time of turmoil , few casual investors are thinking about capital growth and are instead choosing the preservation route .
Safe investments as part of a capital preservation investment strategy
If your main concern centers mainly around limiting your losses and saving what cash you have , capital preservation may provide you with peace of mind .
Here are some of the more popular places that people choose for the purpose of conserving their cash in safe investments :
Bonds .
Bonds — especially U.S. federal bonds — are popular in times of economic turmoil .
This is because U.S. debt , with its backing by the most stable tax paying base in the world , is considered one of the safe investments .
Bonds have been growing in popularity as investors choose them as a protection from loss of their principal .
Additionally , with the expected expenditures coming as a result of economic stimulus efforts , more debt will soon be available for investment purposes .
Diversified bond funds are seeing a rise in popularity , since they offer better returns than a cash account .
Money market accounts .
These interest - bearing bank accounts ( and even funds ) pay interest according to the current market rate .
One of the nice things about money market bank accounts is that they are fairly liquid , and you have easy access to the funds in the event of an emergency .
CDs .
Certificates of deposit offer another capital preservation option .
Setting up a CD ladder can help you in terms of access to your money , as well as work as an investment strategy for effectively increasing your yield in this particular setting .
The main downside to a capital preservation investment strategy is that the returns are so low .
While inflation is not a huge problem right now , it could become an issue in the future once the government starts injecting more cash into the market .
Inflation can easily overcome low - yielding investments , even effectively eating away at the value of your capital .
So , long - term , even a capital preservation strategy may not actually completely preserve the value of your cash .
Subscribing to a capital preservation style only can be harmful in the long run ; you may not have enough cash to see you through retirement .
Mixing in a few well - chosen stocks , ETFs or other less safe investments with higher returns can be a good idea , especially since there are so many good bargains to be had .
Do n’t let the ‘ top ’ thing fool you .
The U.S. job market is going to be awful nationwide , with an estimated 2.7 million jobs to be lost this year .
Some states , however , will take a smaller hit than others .
Your chances of finding or keeping a job in these states , although not ideal , are better in these states than in others .
So if you live in one of the harder hit states and you ’re looking for a change of scenery , consider one of these top ten states for jobs in 2009 :
10 . South Dakota
( - 1.1 percent ; 4,342 jobs lost )
If you can get used to cold and frigid snowstorms , this plains state is a fine alternative .
9. Nevada
( - 1 percent ; 12,696 jobs lost )
Surprisingly , despite its strong emphasis on gaming and hotels , this state is holding its own against the economic crisis and has been able to lure tourism despite tightening pocketbooks with deals like a five - dollar steak and egg breakfast or thirty - dollar hotel rooms .
You can be sure , however , that more people are opting out of the Bellagio to stay at the Golden Nugget .
8. Oregon
( - 1 percent ; 17,737 jobs lost )
With a variety of industries , from shoes to international trade to agriculture , this state has the job market diversity to weather the economic storm .
7. Nebraska
( -.9 percent ; 8,374 jobs lost )
This home state of legendary investor Warren Buffett has also done a fine job withstanding the economic crisis , perhaps because of its high concentration of agriculture .
6. New Mexico
( -.9 percent ; 7,164 jobs lost )
With virtually no manufacturing , real estate , tourism , or financial sectors to speak of , this state remains unchanged by the financial meltdown .
5. North Dakota
( -.8 percent ; 2,809 jobs lost )
Something is going on up in then there plain states .
My guess is agriculture , a few strong companies like Union Pacific , and a general lack of manufacturing .
4. Texas
( -.7 percent ; 71,930 jobs lost )
This state has performed well in creating job growth over the last few years by attracting large companies with tax breaks and jobseekers with a family friendly atmosphere .
Plentiful jobs and an affordable cost of living should keep this state in the top ten for years to come .
3. Washington
( -.2 percent ; 6,939 jobs lost )
Like its northwest neighbor , this state enjoys a diverse job market , from computers ( Microsoft ) to fruit companies ( you know , apples ? ) .
Its metropolitan center boasts a family friendly atmosphere , beautiful scenery , and a strong emphasis on health .
These factors have made Seattle a magnet for big companies .
2. District of Columbia
( -.1 percent ; 633 jobs lost )
Okay , you know that big stimulus bill going through Congress to the tune of $ 800 billion ?
Well , guess where a huge chunk of that money is going .
Why , to hire more government workers in nearly every agency from the CIA to HUD , of course .
Where will those jobs mostly be located ?
In our nation ’s capitol , of course .
So , business in other parts of the Beltway may crumble and fall , but we wo n’t let our government fall , dagnabbit .
No , we will make it bigger and better than before .
I sure hope at least some of that money makes it my wayâ€ ¦
1. Colorado
(.8 percent ; 18,708 jobs created )
That ’s right .
I did not forget the negative sign .
One state in the Union will actually experience positive job growth this year .
Like so many of our top ten , this state boasts strong business growth , breathtaking surroundings , and a family - friendly environment .
As soon as this report hits the general populace , unfortunately , those 18,708 jobs will be gobbled up like a house fly in an ant hole .
So , you heard it here first : Colorado is the new promised land .
Note to other states : diversiying your industry make - up , family - friendly communities , and natural beauty matter .
Of course , it ’s too late for the other guys to change that now .
How about job growth ( or loss ) in your state ?
Tell us how things are going in the comments !
Say what you will about Coldplay , they know how to write a good melody .
In the middle of 2008 , they released “ Viva la Vida ” , a tune so catchy it made its way to the number one slot of both the U.S. and U.K. charts , a first for the band .
When you find yourself dancing in silhouette in an Apple commercial , you have achieved something notable .
There is a rub , though .
That opening melody was catchy enough to attract the attention of guitar virtuoso Joe Satriani who , hearing a striking similarity to a riff in his earlier composition “ If I Could Fly ” , decided to sue Coldplay for plagiarism .
Here is the part alleged to have been stolen :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
But why stop with Coldplay ?
If Mr. Satriani would cast his net a bit wider , he might have the potential for an even larger payout .
To begin with , he might take a hard listen to Brooklyn indie band Creaky Boards ’
“ The Song I Did n’t Write ” .
As if the title were n’t damning enough , here ’s an excerpt :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
And while Satriani is at it , is n’t Euro - satirist Gunther just asking for trouble with his “ Teeny Weeny String Bikini ” ?
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
But I would not suggest he delve too deeply into the musical archives or he might discover “ Frances Limon ” from Argentine rock group Los Enanitos Verdes which – oops !
– predates Satriani ’s own noodling by a few years :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
It gets worse for Satriani ’s case .
Digging back to 1981 , we find “ Hearts ” by Jefferson Airplane ’s Marty Balin :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
And a decade earlier , Cat Stevens released “ Love / Heaven ” :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
I will not burden you with the music - theoretical details , but the fact is the vast majority of Western music relies on chord progressions that make ascending and descending melodies all but inevitable .
One can quibble about similarities of ornamentation and rhythm , but these all boil down to variations on one of the most common melodic structures in music .
And lest we think this pattern is unique to recent pop music , I give you a jazz standard with the same general idea , “ Everything Happens to Me ” written by Matt Davis in 1940 and performed here by Chet Baker :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
Perhaps there is a Renaissance music scholar out there who knows of an eerily similar lute melody ?
Fortunately for Mr. Satriani , any copyright on that one will have long since expired .
UPDATE : Commenter
Tim points out another similar tune , “ Pounding ” by Doves ( circa 2002 ) :
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
UPDATE 2 : Still convinced the melodies are the same ?
Check out the transcribed melodies and a stereo overlay of the phrases in question .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
What is more , the sheer volume of licensed dealers  more than 6,600 along the border alone , many of them operating out of their houses  makes policing them a tall order .
Currently the A.T.F. has about 200 agents assigned to the task .
Image A gun tied to a killing in Mexico and a dealer in Phoenix .
Credit ... A.T.F .
Smugglers routinely enlist Americans with clean criminal records to buy two or three rifles at a time , often from different shops , then transport them across the border in cars and trucks , often secreting them in door panels or under the hood , law enforcement officials here say .
Some of the smuggled weapons are also bought from private individuals at gun shows , and the law requires no notification of the authorities in those cases .
“ We can move against the most outrageous purveyors of arms to Mexico , but the characteristic of the arms trade is it ’s a ‘ parade of ants ’  it ’s not any one big dealer , it ’s lots of individuals , ” said Arizona ’s attorney general , Terry Goddard , who is prosecuting Mr. Iknadosian .
“ That makes it very hard to detect because it ’s often below the radar . ”
The Mexican government began to clamp down on drug cartels in late 2006 , unleashing a war that daily deposits dozens of bodies  often gruesomely tortured  on Mexico ’s streets .
President Felipe Calderón has characterized the stream of smuggled weapons as one of the most significant threats to security in his country .
The Mexican authorities say they seized 20,000 weapons from drug gangs in 2008 , the majority bought in the United States .
The authorities in the United States say they do not know how many firearms are transported across the border each year , in part because the federal government does not track gun sales and traces only weapons used in crimes .
But A.T.F. officials estimate 90 percent of the weapons recovered in Mexico come from dealers north of the border .
In 2007 , the firearms agency traced 2,400 weapons seized in Mexico back to dealers in the United States , and 1,800 of those came from dealers operating in the four states along the border , with Texas first , followed by California , Arizona and New Mexico .
Comedian Jay Leno was hauled in front of his own union ’s trial committee Wednesday to address charges that he broke guild rules during last season ’s writers strike , a full year after the alleged violations .
The NBC late - night host was a prominent backer of the Writers Guild of America during the 100 - day work stoppage , but he alarmed union officials when he announced on the air that he was penning his own monologues while the strike was still in full swing .
Leno contends that he did nothing wrong .
He has the highest profile among a handful of writers whose cases are being reviewed by the committee , which will make a recommendation to the board on whether any action should be taken .
Possible penalties include a reprimand , a fine and even expulsion from the union .
Guild leaders said Leno violated strike rules , which bar union members from performing “ struck work ” that would otherwise have been done by a WGA member .
Advertisement
The incident created internal divisions within the union , which did not want to alienate the “ Tonight Show ” host , who brought doughnuts to writers on the picket line and publicly championed their cause .
The matter was largely dropped until Wednesday , when Leno was called before the trial committee for a hearing to determine whether he violated the guild ’s injunction against writing , according to a source familiar with the proceedings .
A representative of the guild declined to comment .
The source said the committee had been given instructions to judge Leno on the merits of the case and not take his stature into account .
Advertisement
Leno publicist Dick Guttman said he was not aware of the hearing , adding that the comedian would have no comment .
The comic triggered the investigation when he returned to the air without his writing staff in early January 2008 , nine weeks into the work stoppage .
At the time , Leno said he was penning his own monologue .
“ I ’m doing what I did the day I started , ” he told his audience on his first night back on the air .
“ I write jokes and wake my wife up in the middle of the night and say , ‘ Honey , is this funny ? ’ ”
“ We are following the guild thing , ” Leno assured his viewers .
“ We can write for ourselves . ”
Advertisement
But that was n’t the guild ’s position .
The union said its strike rules prohibited any members from performing work that would have been done by striking writers .
As a guild member and a writer credited on the show , Leno was also barred from writing in general .
Leno and NBC maintained that as a performer , he was exempt from the rules .
The network contended that the guild ’s strike rules conflicted with its own collective - bargaining agreement with the studios , which specifically excluded from the definition of union work “ material written by the person who delivers it on the air ” on variety shows .
On Wednesday , NBC spokeswoman Rebecca Marks said that the network continued to support Leno in the matter .
During the strike , guild leaders said the contract provision cited by NBC applied only to performers who were not also employed as writers .
Advertisement
The dispute led to high - level meetings within the guild , but no action was taken at the time .
That rankled many union members on the picket lines , who contended that Leno was being given a pass .
--
matea.gold@latimes.com
richard.verrier@latimes.com
Gaza in Ruins ' Who Has Won Here ? '
In the Gaza Strip people are returning home -- or to the rubble that was once their home .
Many are blaming Hamas for the destruction because the militants hid among civilians and attracted Israeli fire .
Yet no one dares to speak out openly .
' Liberal bias ? '
IU professors find network TV election coverage favors Republicans
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Feb. 24 , 2009
Broadcast media :
To arrange a live on - camera , studio interview with the professors via Indiana University 's broadcast facilities , please contact George Vlahakis at 812-855-0846 or gvlahaki@indiana.edu .
BLOOMINGTON , Ind . --
A visual analysis of television presidential campaign coverage from 1992 to 2004 suggests that the three television broadcast networks -- ABC , CBS and NBC -- favored Republicans in each election , according to two Indiana University professors in a new book .
Image Bite Politics : News and the Visual Framing of Elections Print - Quality Photo
Their research runs counter to the popular conventional notion of a liberal bias in the media in favor of Democrats and against Republican candidates .
Maria Elizabeth Grabe and Erik Bucy , both associate professors in the Department of Telecommunications of IU 's College of Arts and Sciences , report their findings in their book , Image Bite Politics : News and the Visual Framing of Elections ( Oxford University Press ) .
" We do n't think this is journalists conspiring to favor Republicans .
We think they 're just so beat up and tired of being accused of a liberal bias that they unknowingly give Republicans the benefit in coverage , " said Grabe , who also is a research associate in political science at the University of Pretoria in South Africa .
" It 's self - censorship that journalists might be imposing on themselves . "
Grabe and Bucy 's book is the culmination of the first major research project analyzing the relatively unexplored territory of visual coverage in presidential elections and how that influences public opinion .
Between 1992 and 2004 , they found , candidates were steadily shown more visually , in what they call image bites , while their verbal statements , or sound bites , decreased in average length .
They examined 62 hours of broadcast network news coverage -- a total of 178 newscasts -- between Labor Day and Election Day over four U.S. presidential elections between 1992 and 2004 .
Cable news outlets , including CNN and Fox News , were not included in their research .
The professors are now looking at 2008 election coverage .
The origins of accusations about media bias are often attributed to the administration of President Richard Nixon in the late 1960s .
However , President Harry Truman made similar claims about a " one- party press " favoring Republicans during the late closing days of his 1948 campaign .
Democratic nominee Adlai Stevenson made similar claims after his losses to Dwight Eisenhower in the 1952 and 1956 elections .
Grabe and Bucy found the volume of news coverage focusing exclusively on each party -- one measure of media bias -- favored Republicans .
Their research found there were more single - party stories about Republicans overall and in each election year except 1992 .
When they studied the time duration of these stories , no pattern of favoritism was evident .
But they did spot differences when they studied visual coverage , that is , with the volume turned down .
" Reporters do exercise control over production decisions , " they write in their book .
" The internal structure of news stories -- their placement in the newscast , editing techniques and manipulations related to camera angles , shot lengths , eyewitness perspectives and zoom movements -- is at the volition of news workers , free of the influence of image handlers . "
Grabe and Bucy analyzed several such visual packaging techniques employed in television coverage , including one of the most negative forms of image bites , the " lip - flap shot " -- where the reporter 's narration is overlaid on video of the candidate talking .
" This phenomenon , though relatively easy to find in news coverage of elections , is generally viewed as a violation of professional television news production standards that has detrimental consequences , " they said .
" Not only is lip - flap unflattering for the candidate who appears . . . but it also distracts from the reporter 's narration because viewers focus attention on making sense of what the lip flapper appears to be saying . "
Another thing they looked at was the " Goldilocks effect " -- essentially who is given the last say in a piece and thus better remembered by viewers .
In their research , Democrats were more likely to be subjects of the " lip - flap " effect , while Republicans more often got the last word .
GOP candidates were favored in terms of having the last say in all but the 2004 election .
In 1992 , the difference was distinctive with Republicans having the final say 57.9 percent of the time .
In 1996 , Republicans had eight times as many last - say opportunities as Democrats .
Other elements of visual bias are the shot length and angle .
Extreme close - ups , where a face fills the screen , or long - shots , which offers a long - distance perspective , are seen as less conducive to establishing rapport between candidates and viewers .
" Republicans were seen least through the scrutinizing and unflattering perspective of an extreme close - up .
This was the case overall and for all election years except 1996 , " they said .
" Long shots . . . were move evident in coverage of Democrats than Republicans overall , but not at statistically significant levels . "
The low angle camera shot , simulating looking up at a candidate , has been demonstrated to attribute power and dominance to candidates in experimental studies .
The high angle shot does the opposite .
It makes a candidate look weak and powerless .
Findings for camera angle clearly illustrate the Republican advantage .
Overall , Republican candidates were covered in more low - angle and fewer high - angle shots than Democrats .
Grabe , who was a news producer at the South African Broadcasting Corp. and in American public television before going into academe , said , " Journalists are trained in journalism schools and in the industry not to use low and high camera angles .
It is professional code , and we found violations of this in favor of Republicans on network news .
" It takes the same amount of time to rig a camera for a low - angle shot as for a more neutral eye - level shot .
It does n't take any extra effort to be professionally unbiased , " she added .
" There is evidence that the pattern favoring Republicans is stable across networks , because there are no statistically significant differences between them . "
The professors also looked at daily public opinion tracking polls and linked them with visually biased coverage .
" When negative packaging over time spiked for a candidate , public opinion generally went down , " Grabe said .
" You can observe the same inverse trend .
When detrimental packaging subsides , public opinion is at its highest point .
In experimental research , these production features have been shown to have an impact -- now we have indications that they have broad impact on public opinion . "
" Visuals are underappreciated in news coverage , " Bucy added .
" You can have a negative report .
You can have the journalist being opinionated against the candidate .
But if you 're showing favorable visuals , that out - weighs the net effect on the viewer almost every single time . "
Making JavaScript faster is important for the future of computer security .
Faster scripts will allow computationally intensive applications to move to the Web .
As messy as the Web 's security model is , it beats the most popular alternative , which is to give hundreds of native applications access to your files .
Faster scripts will also allow large parts of Firefox to be written in JavaScript , a memory - safe programming language , rather than C++ , a dangerous footgun .
Mozilla 's ambitious TraceMonkey project adds a just - in - time compiler to Firefox 's JavaScript engine , making many scripts 3 to 30 times faster .
TraceMonkey takes a non-traditional approach to JIT compilation : instead of compiling a function at a time , it compiles only a path ( such as the body of a loop ) at a time .
This makes it possible to optimize the native code based on the actual type of each variable , which is important for dynamic languages like JavaScript .
My existing JavaScript fuzzer , jsfunfuzz , found a decent number of crash and assertion bugs in early versions of TraceMonkey .
I made several changes to jsfunfuzz to help it generate code to test the JIT infrastructure heavily .
For example , it now generates mixed - type arrays in order to test how the JIT deals with unexpected type changes .
Andreas Gal commented that each fuzz - generated testcase saved him nearly a day of debugging : otherwise , he 'd probably have to tease a testcase out of a misbehaving complex web page .
Encouraged by his comment , I looked for additional ways to help the TraceMonkey team .
JIT correctness
Differential testing is designed to find correctness bugs .
It runs a randomly - generated script twice ( with and without the JIT ) and complains if the output is different .
It quickly found 13 bugs where the JIT caused JavaScript code to produce incorrect results .
These bugs range from obvious to obscure to evil .
It even found at least one security bug that jsfunfuzz had missed .
An uninitialized - memory - read bug caused output to be random when it should have been consistent .
jsfunfuzz missed the bug because it ignores most output , but the differential testing caught it just like it would catch a JIT vs interpreter difference .
JIT speed
I set up the new fuzzer to compare the time needed to execute scripts and complain whenever enabling the JIT made a script run more slowly .
It measures speed by letting the script run for 500ms and reporting the number of loop iterations completed in that time .
So far , it has found 4 serious bugs where the JIT makes scripts several times slower .
Two of these have already been fixed , but the other two may be difficult to fix .
It has also found 10 cases where the JIT makes scripts about 10 % slower .
Most of these minor slowdowns are due to " trace aborts " , where a piece of JavaScript is not converted to native code and stays in the interpreter .
Some trace aborts are due to bugs , while others are design decisions or cases for which conversion to native code simply has n't been implemented yet .
There is some disagreement over which trace aborts are most likely to affect real web pages .
I asked members of Mozilla 's QA team to scan the web in a way that can answer this question .
Interpreter speed
Mostly for fun , I also looked to see which code the JIT speeds up the most .
Here 's a simplified version of its answer :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 0x02000000 ; ++i ) { d = 0x55555555 ; d++ ; d++ ; d++ ; d++ ; d++; }
This code runs 250 times faster when the JIT is enabled .
The JIT is able to achieve this gigantic speedup due to the interpreter being inefficient in dealing with undeclared variables and numbers that can't be represented as 30 - bit ints .
Assertions
The JavaScript engine team has documented many of their assumptions as assertions in the code .
Many of these assertions make it easier to spot dangerous bugs , because the script generated by the fuzzer does n't have to be clever enough to actually cause a crash , only strange enough to violate an assumption .
This is similar to my experience with other parts of Gecko that use assertions well .
Other JavaScript engine assertions make it easier to find severe performance bugs .
Without these assertions , I 'd only find these bugs when I measure speed directly , which requires drastically slowing down the tests .
More ideas
One testcase generated by my fuzzer demonstrated a combination of a JIT performance bug with a minor bytecode generation bug .
I might be able to search for similar bytecode generation bugs the same way I searched for decompiler bugs : by ensuring that a function does not change when round - tripping through the decompiler .
In order to do that , I 'll need a new patch for making dis ( ) return the disassembly instead of printing it .
I should be able to find some performance bugs by looking at which aborts and side exits are taken .
This strategy would make some performance bugs ( such as repeatedly taking a side exit ) easier to spot .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The hemorrhaging of American jobs accelerated at a record pace at the end of 2008 , bringing the year 's total job losses to 2.6 million or the highest level in more than six decades .
A sobering U.S. Labor Department jobs report Friday showed the economy lost 524,000 jobs in December and 1.9 million in the year 's final four months , after the credit crisis began in September .
The unemployment rate rose to 7.2 % last month from 6.7 % in November - its highest rate since January 1993 .
The steep annual drop in jobs marked the highest yearly job - loss total since 1945 , the year in which World War II ended .
" We 're seeing a complete unraveling of the labor market and are on track for getting beyond 10 % unemployment , " said Lawrence Mishel , president of the Economic Policy Institute .
The total number of unemployed Americans rose by 632,000 to 11.1 million .
November , in which 584,000 jobs were lost , and December marked the first time in the 70 - year history of the report in which the economy lost more than 500,000 jobs in consecutive months .
" We have a bigger economy now , but even on a proportional basis , the last months have been the worst since [ 1945 ] , " said Kurt Karl , head of economic research at Swiss Re . " It 's just an enormous acceleration of job losses . "
By comparison , the 2.6 million jobs lost in 2008 nationwide were equal to the number of jobs found in states such as Wisconsin , Missouri or Maryland .
Under - employment at a record high
A growing number of workers seeking full - time jobs were able to find only part - time work .
Those working part - time jobs - because they could n't find full - time work , or their hours had been cut - jumped by 715,000 people to 8 million , the highest since such records were first kept in 1955 .
The so - called under - employment rate , which counts those part - time workers as well as those without jobs who have become discouraged and stopped looking for work , rose to a record 13.5 % from 12.6 % .
Calculations for that measure began in January 1994 .
" The existing unemployment figures are greatly understated , " said billionaire steel tycoon Wilbur Ross in a recent interview with CNNMoney.com .
" They count as employed someone who used to have a high - paid manufacturing job , and now is working at a Wal - Mart or a Wendy's . "
In another discouraging sign , the average hourly work week fell last month to 33.3 hours - the lowest level in history - from 33.5 hours .
Even with a modest 5 - cent gain in the average hourly salary , the average weekly paycheck fell by $ 2 to $ 611.39 .
Job losses widespread
Job losses were spread across a wide variety of industries .
Manufacturing lost 149,000 jobs , the leisure and hospitality industries cut 22,000 jobs , and the mining industry shed 1,000 positions .
Even in the midst of the holiday shopping season , retailers still slashed payrolls by 66,600 workers last month .
Professional and business services jobs , a category seen by some economists as a proxy for overall economic activity , dropped by 113,000 .
And financial services jobs fell by 14,000 .
Only two of ten industry categories were hiring last month .
Government hiring , which has stayed relatively strong throughout the downturn , added another 7,000 jobs in December .
Education and health services also grew payrolls by 45,000 employees .
Construction employment shrank further by 101,000 jobs , and the rate of construction unemployment soared to 15.3 % - by far the highest of any group .
" Today 's jobs report ... is conclusive evidence that it is time to put people back to work building America , " said Terry O'Sullivan , general president of the Laborers ' International Union of North America .
" Now it 's time for Congress to move to create jobs with the same urgency as they did on the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout . "
Call for stimulus
President - elect Barack Obama has begun his push for a massive stimulus plan , aimed at creating or saving 3 million jobs over the next two years .
Lawmakers have called for rapid action to address the extraordinary stresses facing the labor market , including spending hundreds of billions of dollars on new infrastructure projects .
" This morning , we received a stark reminder about how urgent action is needed , " said Obama at a Friday press conference .
" Clearly the situation is dire , it is deteriorating and demands urgent and immediate action .
For the sake of our economy and our people , this is the moment to act , and act without delay . "
Many economists have said job losses will continue to accelerate without government intervention .
" The country is losing half a million jobs in a month , and if the government does n't act quickly , there 's no reason that would n't intensify , " said Mark Zandi , chief economist of Moody 's Economy.com before a Democratic Steering and Policy Committee forum Wednesday .
Infrastructure experts agree , saying unemployed construction workers are eager to get back to work .
" Putting money into highways wo n't by itself end the recession , but it will put a lot of skilled workers back on job , " said Ken Simonson , chief economist for The Associated General Contractors of America .
December 's job losses were expected to be deep , as employers looked to slash payrolls to free up balance sheets for the new year .
But large - scale cutbacks may continue throughout the first half of 2009 , economists say , as the nation 's economy continues on its slow path to recovery .
" I think this [ level of job loss ] is going to continue at least through March , " said Tig Gilliam , chief executive of Adecco Group North America , a unit of the world 's largest employment firm .
" The many clients I 've spoken with are not expecting an economic bounce - back soon .
They 're making the painful and difficult decisions to adjust their capacity for the reduced demand for their goods and services . "
Gilliam and Karl both expect about another 1 million jobs to be lost in January and February before the declines begin to shrink to about a 200,000 level in June .
Both said stimulus will help , but they doubt infrastructure jobs will have as quick of a boost as lawmakers hope .
" Infrastructure projects wo n't have an effect until late in the year , " said Karl .
" Tax cuts may have a more immediate impact , but as we saw with the last stimulus package , they may have no economic impact at all . "
In another sign that more losses will come soon , temporary employment , including workers employed by temp agencies , fell by another 80,600 jobs last month .
Employers often cut temporary workers before they begin cutting permanent staff .
The economy has lost more than 2.5 million jobs in the current recession , which began in December 2007 , far surpassing the previous two recessions , and just below the 2.7 million jobs lost in the 1981 - 1982 recession , which had the deepest unemployment in the 70 - year history of the report .
DUPED : Manchester United fan Stuar Slann
Stuart Slann spent nine hours in his car travelling to Aberdeen believing he was about to enjoy his first night of romance with a girl called “ Emma ” , whom he had never talked to but had been sending him suggestive email messages for over a month .
But when Stuart , 39 , from Sheffield , South Yorkshire , finally got to the remote farm in the north of Scotland where “ Emma ” had told him she lived it was locked up and deserted .
He then got a text message saying she was delayed at work and that he would have to wait .
After sitting in his car growing increasingly cold and frustrated for over three hours , Stuart finally called “ Emma ” and was horrified to hear a man with a Liverpool accent answer and say : “ Hello Stuart , do you remember us ?
It ’s them Scouse lads who threw you in the pool .
You ’ve been framed . ”
To complete Stuart ’s misery , his wife Louise , 34 , now knows about the “ affair ” on the Facebook website and has left him .
Last November Stuart , a lifelong United fan , fell out with the two Liverpool supporters who were staying in the same holiday hotel in Cancun , Mexico , after chatting each day about football .
During one row beside the pool during his three - week break the two Liverpudlians , who are both professional Cage Fighters , got so fed up with Stuart ’s claims about how much better Manchester were than Liverpool they threw him into the water , accidentally breaking his ankle and smashing one of his ribs .
But their revenge did n’t stop once they got home to Merseyside .
The pair then tricked Stuart into sending emails to “ Emma ” , a fictional girl they had created on the Facebook website .
The tricksters , under the guise of “ Emma ” , contacted Stuart and claimed to like the look of his photo on the web and share his love of United .
During the nightly email exchanges that followed , “ Emma ” told Stuart how she could n’t wait to meet up and make more of their budding relationship .
To make matters even worse , as Stuart drove to Scotland he was even persuaded in a text message to use his mobile telephone to send a rude photograph of himself to “ Emma ” , who he mistakenly thought was excitedly waiting for him to arrive north of the border .
Now the two unnamed Liverpool fans have posted that photo – and a tape of the telephone conversation when Stuart finally discovers who “ Emma ” really is – on the YouTube website , where it is proving a huge hit .
Even websites for supporters of Liverpool , Manchester United and Sheffield Wednesday are now advertising where to find the footage and last week it began appearing on internet pages in Holland , making him a laughing stock with football fans across Europe .
Illinois continues to push President Obama as a full - time celebrity with commemorative license plates with a curiously short lifetime .
Advertisement
These limited edition Obama license plates are just $ 50 !
You heard me right , just $ 50 and you too can be rolling in true ' Bama style .
Even though these plates are only good for 60 days beginning February 17th and ending April 17th , the memories will last forever .
Advertisement
But wait !
There 's more !
All of your plate - purchasing dollars will be given straight to Illinois libraries .
Not only do you get a stunning pair of Obama plates , but you 'll also get that warm feeling that usually only comes from our other great seller , delicious Breakfast Scotch® .
Call Now !
[ CBN ]
I was bored in class today and noticed on my ICal that this month is what only could be described as a Perfect February ( or perhaps , a perfect month - which by definition can only be February ) .
My guess is that this type of month happens once every seven years ( though every fourth cycle of the seven years does n’t have one … or something like that ) .
Anyway , it ’s the only month that fits squarely in four lines of the calendar .
Each Saturday is a multiple of seven and it leads , necessarily , into a March whose Saturdays do the same .
Cool stuff .
Kinda .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
BUSINESS IS VERY SIMPLE .
If the money you collect from your customers exceeds the money you spend delivering the product and service , it works .
If the money from customers falls below the costs you are in trouble .
Borrowing to pay the losses cannot solve the problem .
It makes it worse , as you have to pay the interest as well .
You end up losing more jobs , as BL proved in the 1970s .
Good Boards of Directors saw this downturn coming months ago and told their CEOs to cut costs to get ready for it .
Good CEOs did so .
Bad Boards looked firmly in the rear mirror , accepted the authorities view , and did not ask their CEOs to take evasive action .
Bad CEOs failed to alert their Boards , and carried on spending as if there was no recession .
They deserve to lose their jobs .
Companies in automotive manufacture have one major cost – bought in materials and components .
When you hit a downturn it is vital to cut back strongly on the amount of raw material and component you are buying .
You need to cut back by more than the anticipated drop in your sales , as you need less stock to maintain lower production .
In this downturn there is the added bonus that the price of the raw materials has collapsed at the same time as you need less of them , so if your buying department is any good there will be a huge decrease in the cash cost of your supplies .
The cost of labour is much smaller than the cost of parts and materials .
Nonetheless you will need to take some action to curb it .
The first thing to do is to stop all recruiting .
Next , you ask all temps and short term contract labour to leave .
Third , you offer voluntary redundancy packages to those who might wish to go .
If you still need to cut costs more because your sales have collapsed , then you need to discuss with the workforce whether they would prefer to all go onto shorter time to keep the jobs , or whether they want to sustain the incomes of the many at the price of a compulsory redundancy programme for a minority .
No sensible person likes doing all this , but one thing keeps you going when you have to do it – the knowledge that if you do not shed some jobs you could end up presiding over the loss of all the jobs if the business goes bust .
You may need bank bridging finance if you were slow to make the adjustments , but that can be no substitute for controlling the losses .
You can not ask future customers to pay more for the product to pay for the subsidy you gave to current customers .
They will not be prepared to do that .
State loans can be an excuse to put off the necessary adjustment .
They are also a massive diversion of top management time from tackling the reality that costs have to be slashed to survive in dreadful conditions like the present .
Advertisements
The White House announced today that President Obama has ordered a 60 day review of the nation ’s cyber security procedures .
The review will measure the level of funding , integration , and coordination with Congress and the private sector .
“ The national security and economic health of the United States depend on the security , stability , and integrity of our Nation ’s cyberspace , both in the public and private sectors .
The President is confident that we can protect our nation ’s critical cyber infrastructure while at the same time adhering to the rule of law and safeguarding privacy rights and civil liberties , ” said Assistant to the President for Counterterrorism and Homeland Security John Brennan .
There was a great deal of concern during the later days of the Bush administration that the Department of Homeland Security had not done anything in the area of cyber security , so this review not only represents a change from the attitude of the previous administration , but is also the first step towards Obama keeping a campaign promise that he made last summer .
Advertisements
In July Obama said , “ As President , I ’ll make cyber security the top priority that it should be in the 21st century .
I ’ll declare our cyber - infrastructure a strategic asset , and appoint a National Cyber Advisor who will report directly to me .
We ’ll coordinate efforts across the federal government , implement a truly national cyber - security policy , and tighten standards to secure information — from the networks that power the federal government , to the networks that you use in your personal lives . ”
Interestingly , Obama has named a former Bush aide , Melissa Hathaway , to be the cyber security advisor .
Hathaway comes over from working under the Director of National Intelligence , and she should be arriving into a White House that takes the issue of cyber security much more seriously that the Bush administration did .
I am not a cyber security expert , but such an important issue never should have been ignored and buried beneath bureaucratic infighting .
White House Cyber Security Order
Is it good for the Jews ?
If you were so inclined , you could ask that question about the Madoff mess , the Gaza offensive , the latest screed from Alan Dershowitz – or about a new recipe for angel - food cake .
Which is to say , if you are looking for antisemitism , you can find it anywhere , even in a dessert cookbook .
But if even paranoids have enemies , I think it 's fair to say that these are tough times for Jews .
While I would prefer to equate the fate of the Palestinians with that of Israel – meaning , I 'd like to believe we 're all on the same side – I think that might be a difficult political fiction to maintain at the moment .
And while I 'd like to artificially separate anti-Zionism from antisemitism , like most American Jews , I 'm not willing to make that false distinction : when there is more than one Jewish state , the world 's hatred of Israel might become no different from its exasperation with any other country , but since Israel is the only homeland , and really it is nothing more than six million Jews living together in an area the size of New Jersey , I can't pretend that the problem with Israel is that it's a poorly located country that happens to be at odds with its neighbours and only coincidentally happens to be Jewish .
The trouble with Israel is the trouble with Jews .
This situation makes me profoundly uncomfortable .
As the kind of left - leaning liberal who tends to agree with the positions taken by The Nation in most instances , I hate having to differ so completely on the Israel issue with many I otherwise would align with .
As it is my good fortune to be American , I live in the only country that as a matter of policy is pro-Israel regardless of party allegiance ; Democrats and Republicans equally unite behind the blue - and - white .
But to communicate with anyone I think of as rightminded ( and left - leaning ) in any other part of the world is to experience the purest antisemitism since the Nazi era .
In fact , in Europe right now , it is de rigueur to liken the current regime in Israel with the Nazi party , and to view the experience of the Palestinians as a form of ethnic cleansing .
Hamas and Hezbollah are thought by the French and British to be social welfare organisations , and Israel is viewed as a terrorist state .
Here , we honor the linguistic discoveries of Noam Chomsky and otherwise experience him as a quaintly brilliant crank , but in the bookstores in London there are entire sections devoted to his political thought – and he is read as if the distinctions between Leninist and Trotskyite philosophy had genuine consequence in today 's world .
Excepting a business trip I took to England , Scotland and Ireland in early 2002 , I have not been to Europe since 9/11 .
It 's become an unbearable place to be , as the anti-American feelings in light of the Iraq war have mingled with antisemitism to a point where they are indistinguishable , the new phobias of the First World .
Because I like taking the occasional trip abroad , especially now that even the Euro is sinking , I am doing my best to understand the European perspective , or somehow excuse it .
After all , beyond being a Jewish homeland , Israel is also a geopolitical actor with nuclear weapons , and it might be construed as fair to criticise the actions the country has taken as a very well - armed American client that is dropping bombs on Hamas targets , to the terrible detriment of the civilian population .
It 's impossible not to feel sorry for the plight of the Palestinians , and it 's even more impossible to imagine how any Palestinian could feel anything for Israel but animosity .
I can see the problem .
But I think it is this very fact – my attempt to understand both sides – that disturbs me the most .
Because trying to see all sides , such an instinct is particularly Jewish .
The most vehement critics of Israel and champions of the Palestinians – hello , Professor Chomsky ; greetings , Norman Finkelstein – are always Jews : we are always trying in our even , level , thoughtful way to see reason in the behaviour of those who are lobbing rocket grenades at us .
As a people , we are hopeless Talmudists , we examine all the arguments and try to sort out an answer .
What is both strange and difficult for Jews to watch in the case of Israel is that , as a nation surrounded by enemies , it does not make such calculations ; it does not have the luxury of rationality that is eventually irrational .
Israel fights back , which is very much at odds with the Jewish instinct to discuss and deconstruct everything until action itself seems senseless .
Israel , hell - bent on survival , has learned to shoot first – or , at least , second – and blow away the consequences .
Whereas it actually hurts my feelings when someone says something nasty about Israel , or even the United States , for Israelis , this is just the way of the world : they probably manufacture their flags to be flammable .
So , it is quite difficult to be Jewish , on the sidelines of this international crisis .
Or maybe it 's just difficult to be Jewish .
Before his death , the literary philosopher Jacques Derrida described the experience of living in the Jewish ghetto in Paris during the Nazi occupation : because Jews were not allowed to work or attend school , but had always been the most brilliant professors and teachers , this shtetl existence was gloriously intellectual and incandescent – the only problem was that they were stuck , imprisoned by their Jewishness .
This , Derrida explained , is what it 's like to be Jewish : to know everyone around you is gifted , and to wish you could find a way out .
Jews pride themselves on the over two hundred Nobel Prizes the group has won ; and Jews pride themselves on being told : " But you do n't seem Jewish . "
Or better still : " You certainly do n't look Jewish . "
Judaism will be enmeshed in pride and shame for as long as it endures .
But to endure as a country , Israel must shun both these tendencies .
I watch the pro-Palestinian rallies that have been staged in capitals across the globe , and I try to tell myself that these people are not against me , or even Israel ; that they just are dismayed with all the violence .
I tell myself , as Jean Renoir pointed out with such pellucid irony in The Rules of the Game , that everybody has their reasons .
But here is what I finally know : with all the troubles in the world , with the terrible things that the Chinese do in Tibet , and do to their own citizens ; with the horrors of genocide committed in Darfur by Sudanese Muslims ; with all the bad things that Arab governments in the Middle East visit upon their own people – no need for Israel to have a perfectly horrible time – still , the focus is on what the Jews may or may not be doing wrong in Gaza .
And it makes people angry and vehement as nothing else does .
The vitriol it inspires is downright weird .
But that makes sense , because antisemitism itself – creepy , dark , ancient and insidious – is , more than anything else , just plain weird .
Civilian deaths have caused friction between the US and President Karzai
The number of civilians killed in the conflict in Afghanistan rose 39 % last year , the United Nations says .
Militants were to blame for 55 % of the 2,118 civilian deaths , while US , Nato and Afghan forces were responsible for 39 % , according to the UN report .
Civilian casualties have increased despite repeated pledges by US - led forces to reduce civilian deaths .
The data came as a US Congress - funded think tank said it was unlikely the US and Nato would defeat insurgents .
The Institute of Peace called for new forces deployed in the country to be used to train Afghan security forces .
The UN report into civilian deaths said the death toll in 2008 civilian was " the highest of any year " since the Taleban were ousted in 2001 .
The majority of the victims were killed in the south of the country - where international and Afghan forces are fighting a fierce counter - insurgency campaign .
In one of the most - publicised incidents , US troops fighting off a Taleban ambush last November bombed a wedding party in the Shah Wali Kot area in southern Afghanistan , killing about 40 civilians - mainly women and children .
The issue of civilian deaths at the hands of foreign troops is a hugely sensitive issue , says the BBC's Martin Patience , in Kabul , and is something that the Afghan President , Hamid Karzai , has raised repeatedly .
Relations between Kabul and Washington appear to have soured even in the four weeks since US President Barack Obama took office , although the US envoy to the region , Richard Holbrooke , met Mr Karzai in Kabul over the weekend .
" Apparent Disregard " Despite the high number of civilian casualties inflicted by international forces , more than half of the casualties recorded were inflicted by the militants fighting the foreign troops .
The UN said insurgents had inflicted the overwhelming majority of deaths in bombings , 65 % more than the year before , and they were often carried out " with apparent disregard for the extensive damage they cause to civilians " .
In one of the worst cases , a suicide car bomb killed 14 primary schoolchildren in Khost province at the end of December in what officials said was a failed attempt to blow up a meeting of tribal elders .
The large difference in the numbers was down to the different methodologies used to collect the data
Nato spokesman
The researchers estimate that two - thirds of the 828 Afghans killed by the pro-government forces died in air strikes targeting militants , sometimes at night .
Nato rejected the UN figures , saying its forces had caused 237 civilian deaths .
The large difference in the numbers was down to the different methodologies used to collect the data , according to Nato spokesman Major Martin O'Donnell .
Last week the Afghan leader announced that NATO - led forces had accepted new procedures proposed by his government - to try and reduce the number of civilian deaths .
The human rights team of the UN Assistance Mission in Afghanistan , which collected the figures for the report , said about 130 people had died in incidents such as crossfire .
It was not able to say who had killed them .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
While Chandler , who said he feels no pain in the toe , was disturbed by the Thunder 's decision , his Hornets teammates will undoubtedly be excited by his return .
The players , most notably All - Stars Chris Paul and David West , did not hide their disappointment over management 's decision to trade Chandler , especially in a move that was clearly about finances rather than basketball .
" I was really disappointed too when I was traded , " Chandler said .
" I felt like if we were healthy we had a championship team in New Orleans .
But I did n't want to sulk so I started to get excited about the new challenge in Oklahoma City .
I felt I could help turn that team around . "
Chandler will meet with New Orleans GM Jeff Bower on Thursday and said he has no ill feelings toward the Hornets , who traded him solely to rid themselves of the two years and $ 24.6 million remaining on his contract .
He laughed when asked if he thought the Hornets might trade him somewhere else before Thursday 's 3 p.m. deadline .
" I 'm not going to worry about that , " he said .
" But if it happens , it happens . "
Chandler said he initially planned to return from his ankle injury within the next three games because he felt the Hornets were slipping in the standings without him .
" But after all this , I 'm not rushing back , " he said .
" I 'm not 100 percent yet , so I think it 's best just to get healthy . "
Voiding the deal wipes out the long - term financial benefits that prompted New Orleans to make the deal .
" We were pleased to add Tyson to the Thunder roster , " Thunder general manager Sam Presti said in a statement .
" During the course of the physical examination and outside consultations , some questions arose that gave us cause for concern .
We felt that this course of action was the best for our organization . "
Chandler had surgery on his left toe shortly after the 2006 - 07 season and injured it again in April 2008 in New Orleans ' regular - season finale at Dallas .
He then reinjured it during the Hornets ' second - round series against San Antonio , complaining of " turf toe " after he bent the toe backwards by stepping on Ime Udoka 's foot .
Chandler was named as a Team USA alternate in July and invited to a pre-Olympic training camp but had to pull out because of the ongoing toe trouble .
Chandler took part in some of the Hornets ' practice Monday on the day before he was traded after missing time with the sprained left ankle .
Sources close to the situation told ESPN.com on Wednesday night that concerns about the long - term stability of Chandler 's toe were sufficient to scare Oklahoma City off .
" We welcome Tyson back with open arms , " Hornets general manager Jeff Bower said .
" We went into this trade to garner more frontcourt depth to add to our team as we continue our push towards the playoffs .
We expect Tyson and the rest of our big guys to step up to the challenge . "
After word of Chandler 's imminent return reached Hornets players following their resounding win Wednesday night over Orlando , Paul told reporters : " I 'm excited to have TC back .
I think it will give us a huge lift .
Hopefully it will bring us closer together . "
Presti is known as a longtime admirer of Chandler dating to his days with the San Antonio Spurs .
So when the Hornets let teams around the league know that Chandler was available -- mostly because of owner George Shinn 's mandate to reduce a payroll approaching $ 67 million this season and scheduled to reach nearly $ 77 million next season -- he pounced .
And the trade was widely hailed as a coup for Oklahoma City , given that Presti was able to land an accomplished center to add to his promising young trio of Kevin Durant , Russell Westbrook and Jeff Green without surrendering any major draft considerations .
The Thunder possess numerous draft picks to sweeten trade packages , including five first - rounders in the next two drafts , but the Hornets ' financial straits were such that the expiring contracts of Smith and Wilcox were enough to clinch Chandler 's acquisition .
With the Hornets unable to generate trade interest in Peja Stojakovic and unwilling to part with either Paul or West , New Orleans ' only money - saving option was shedding Chandler 's $ 12.3 million salary next season from its books .
Chandler has the right to become a free agent after the 2009 - 10 season in the unlikely event that he chooses to walk away from his $ 13.2 million salary in 2010 - 11 .
The Hornets insisted after the deal that the opportunity to replace Chandler with two dependable veteran forwards was their motivation as much as the payroll benefits .
But Chandler 's teammates -- particularly Paul and West -- were stung by the trade , as was Hornets coach Byron Scott , since neither Wilcox nor Smith has the size or the impact as an interior defender that Chandler has when he's at his best .
Scott described the trade as the toughest he 's ever had to stomach as a coach , saying of Chandler : " He 's a coach 's dream .
He 'll do whatever you ask him to do , and he 'll do it to the best of his ability .
... I told him I was sick .
I was sick about it .
I said , ' From a personal standpoint , I 'm sick to see you go . '
But from a professional standpoint , this is our business and this is what happens in the business . "
Said West on Tuesday night : " This move has nothing to do with basketball .
It was strictly a business decision .
Using some common sense , that 's what it came down to .
I was hoping that all of it was a rumor .
We have now become one of the smaller teams , and we really have put ourselves back in the situation we were in two years ago when we had a big hole in the middle . "
The Hornets were widely projected as a dark - horse title contender entering the season but hit the All - Star break as the No. 6 team in the West at 30 - 20 after a variety of injuries and struggles to cope with raised expectations .
Chandler has been bothered all season by a variety of ailments and is averaging just 8.8 points and 8.3 rebounds , compared with 11.8 points and 11.7 rebounds last season when he helped New Orleans unexpectedly trump San Antonio , Houston and Dallas to win the Southwest Division with a 56 - 26 record .
Chandler , 26 , is scheduled to re-join the Hornets in Los Angeles before their game Friday against the Lakers .
" I still think the sky 's the limit for Tyson , " Scott said Tuesday .
" He has had an injury - plagued season , there 's no doubt about that . "
It remains to be seen if there is enough time before Thursday 's 3 p.m. trading deadline for Oklahoma City to regroup and find a new trade or two .
Interest around the league in Wilcox ( $ 6.8 million ) and especially the veteran Smith ( $ 4.8 million ) has been considerable this season with both players carrying expiring salaries .
Chris Broussard covers the NBA for ESPN The Magazine .
Marc Stein is the senior NBA writer for ESPN.com .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
There 's the cobra , the cat and the downward - facing dog .
The yoga classes are held on Sunday nights in front of the tank where the aquarium 's three beluga whales live .
Now , the world 's largest aquarium is introducing a new animal to complement those centuries - old yoga stances -- the beluga whale .
The Georgia Aquarium -- which with 80,000 animals and 8 million gallons of water is considered the biggest facility of its kind -- has begun offering yoga classes in front of the tank that holds its belugas , whose playful nature and graceful movements have made them a favorite of visitors since the aquarium opened in late 2005 .
" The beluga whales are so slow and so smooth in their movements , which is indeed what this is about -- slow movements of the body , " said Todd DeLaune , one of the instructors of the weekly sessions .
" And I think the energy of the belugas corresponds with the practice that we do . "
The classes -- billed as the first of their kind -- are part of an ongoing effort the aquarium has made since its inception to keep things fresh and keep visitors coming back , even in tough economic times .
Watch yoga class at aquarium »
Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus , who bankrolled the aquarium almost entirely out of his own pocket , said in 2005 that attractions such as aquariums have a habit of starting strong but fading after a few years , something he was determined to avoid .
" We are trying to do something new all the time , so every time you come to the aquarium there 's something new -- a new program , a new animal , a new exhibit , " said spokesman Dave Santucci .
Santucci said the aquarium largely has weathered the dismal economy well , with a decrease in out - of - state and international visitors being offset by an increase in visitors who live within 100 miles and are forgoing long - distance trips themselves .
Children 's classes will be offered at the same time as the adult ones .
The cost is $ 20 for aquarium members and $ 35 for nonmembers , who also get a day pass to visit the rest of the aquarium .
At a recent preview class , student Stephanie Jolluck said the atmosphere at the aquarium enhanced her practice of yoga , the physical and mental discipline believed to have originated in India as early as 3000 B.C .
" For me , it 's a dream to be here in this calm space , to watch the whales , " she said .
" The music ... the lights -- everything is a dream . "
It 's no surprise that the swirling , languid movements of the aquarium 's three belugas -- Nico , Maris and Natasha -- enhance the experience , said instructor Kimberly Hard .
" The first time I came to the aquarium , I was impressed by the animals and the landscape , " she said .
" One has always known that the ocean generates peace and calm . "
CNN 's Felipe Barral contributed to this report .
All About Georgia Aquarium • Yoga
I wrote my last “ OS9 – Blimey Some People Still Use It ” article for Mac DevCenter back in 2004 ( see OS9 , Mine All Mine ) ; it was fun to write and nostalgic too , but I did n’t imagine I ’d be writing a similar piece four years later .
But – blimey – there are STILL some people out there using OS9 and very happy with it too , thank you very much .
One of them is Jerad Walters , who runs publishing house Centipede Press and does so using a mirror - door 1.2 GHz G4 , 1.25 GB RAM and 1.7TB of hard disk space spread across four hard drives .
But why , Jerad , why ?
“ My books are built with InDesign 1.5 and Photoshop 6 running Suitcase 8 .
The G4 boots up in about 30 seconds and then I have a QuicKey sequence that loads all applications in largest - chunk –of - RAM - required order ( Photoshop first , InDesign second , etc ) .
It is all up and running in a couple minutes .
“ The speed of the Finder is simply draw - dropping .
However , the speed of the Finder is OS X is also pretty quick , but there is just a responsiveness in 9 that can not be matched by X .
“ Menu and window actions all take place so quickly .
Plus it is easier to tell windows from background from menus .
There is a clarity to the OS 9 display that is lacking in OS X . ”
For email , he uses Claris Emailer .
For word processing , TexEdit .
He makes use of the DragAnyWindow control panel for easier window management , and of HoverBar , a precursor to the OS X Dock .
Jerad does use OS X occasionally – it has a drive all to itself – but when he ’s using it he misses things only found in OS9 .
“ I miss the Put Away command , and the regular trash can more than anything .
There ’s one thing I wish OS 9 had : an option for a toolbar for Finder windows ; that is a really nice feature of OS X . ”
So , OS9 users , this is your comments thread .
Tell us why we ’re all wrong to be using this newfangled OS X stuff .
This is true art , friend .
The amazing " brotato " ( rhymes with potato , in a perfect world ) has hacked together netbook components , an ancient keyboard and a 14.2 - inch LCD into this classy case , dubbing the project " The Poor Man 's Netbook . "
The box is running Windows XP , but he tested it out with Windows 7 and Mac OS X and it performed beautifully , except for the Bluetooth 2.1 module .
The box is based on a Mini-ITX Intel D945GCLF2 Dual Core 1.6 Ghz
Atom motherboard , with 2GB of RAM , a 160 GB HDD and 802.11n WiFi -- though you 'll have to hunt down an outlet , there 's no battery power here .
The best news is that he 's selling the whole conglomeration on eBay , perfect for completing that piece of horrible cyberpunk fiction you 've been slaving over on your boringtop .
[ Thanks , Ryan ]
Editor ’s note :
This article was Demian Farnworth ’s first guest post on Copyblogger , published on January 14 , 2009 .
Demian is now Chief Content Writer for Copyblogger Media and host of Rough Draft on Rainmaker .
FM , so we ’re re-running these tips again today as a reminder that in the long game of content marketing , everyone starts at the bottom .
In 1964 , Richard Hofstadter wrote a Pulitzer - prize - winning book called Anti-Intellectualism in America .
This rich , thorough book exposed the thread of anti-intellectualism that runs through the culture of practical America .
For example , even though the founding fathers were sages , scientists , and men of cultivation , the Federalists attacked their curiosity and idealism as too trivial for important affairs .
Did you know there ’s a thread of anti-intellectualism running through good web writing and design ?
In fact , web usability demands mindless writing and design .
Naturally , this makes some people want to vomit .
That ’s part of reason why I used the word “ disgusting ” in the headline of this blog post .
So let me explain where I ’m going with this .
The simple rule of web writing
Web users are mission - minded .
Cramped for attention .
Bent on standards .
And uninterested in learning new navigation methods .
What you have to remember is that people do n’t go to the web to window shop .
They go there to drive 60 miles per hour — and look at billboards .
Thus , there ’s only one good reason why you should learn how to write clear , concise and compelling copy for the web …
To get noticed .
That means when someone arrives on your website home page , blog , or article , they should know immediately what to expect .
Everything — even your microcontent — should be simple , succinct and scannable .
Before you write , start here
Many people will find your website through a search engine .
That ’s where you have to start .
At the beginning .
See , the problem is that neither you nor Google can guess — at this point — the motive behind someone who types in a certain keyword phrase .
But you can find someone ’s motive .
How ?
Ask them .
If you ca n’t do that , research .
Also , pay attention to your own behavior when you search .
What does a typical searcher do when the results do n’t please him ?
He narrows his search .
This is how you need to think .
You need to think like a searcher .
You ’ll not only discover what type of headline to write , but also , fundamentally , what type of clear and simple article to write .
Down the slippery slope
But do n’t stop there .
Write all copy — each word , sentence and paragraph — so it ’s immediately clear , concise , and compelling .
Think of your headline as nothing more than a slide to get people to your first sentence .
Your first sentence as the slide to get people to the second sentence .
And so on .
This means you need to avoid cleverly ambiguous headlines .
Subtitles that do n’t push the ball forward .
Cutesy sentences .
You might say that ’s so boring .
Think about this :
Nobody wants to speculate about how to start a lawnmower .
All they want to do is cut the grass …
Let them cut it .
When you can break this rule
So , while anti-intellectualism is a dangerous and dirty word in some circles , on the web it ’s permissible .
For most content , you actually do n’t want to make people think .
Make it simple and self - evident .
But , utility and creativity can mesh .
When ?
When it ’s useful .
You do n’t want a surgeon to be creative when he ’s removing your daughter ’s appendix … unless it will save her life .
In short , if a creative writing technique is useful to the reader ( think metaphors and analogies ) then use it .
Otherwise , stick to simple .
What do you think ?
So , does the thought of simple , clear , and concise web writing make you gag ?
Or have you seen good results from it ?
will either win her firstfor her performance as a woman with a secret Nazi past in “ , ” or get the title of biggest loser for having been nominated for the coveted honor , and lost , six times !
Winslet was nominated for “ Sense and Sensibility ” ( 1995 ) , “ Titanic ” ( 1997 ) , “ Iris ” ( 2001 ) , “ Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind ” ( 2004 ) , “ Little Children ” ( 2006 ) .
One more loss and she will be tied at six as Oscar ’s biggest losing actress with ( nominated for Best Actress in a Leading Role ) – “ Edward , My Son ” ( 1949 ) , “ From Here to Eternity ” ( 1953 ) , “ The King and I ” ( 1956 ) , “ Heaven Knows , Mr. Allison ” , ( 1957 ) , “ Separate Tables ” ( 1958 ) , “ The Sundowners ” ( 1960 ) and ( nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role ) – “ All About Eve ” ( 1950 ) , “ The Mating Season ” ( 1951 ) , “ With a Song in My Heart ” ( 1952 ) , “ Pickup on South Street ” ( 1953 ) , “ Pillow Talk ” ( 1959 ) and “ Birdman of Alcatraz ” ( 1962 ) .
Winslet , has already picked up two Golden Globes for her role as a German woman with a teenage lover and a secret in “ The Reader ” and as a frustrated 1950s American housewife in “ . ”
She has also won BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild Awards , and in emotional speeches , she has expressed shock at her wins after smiling bravely from her seat so often in the past .
The betting in Hollywood ahead of the February 22 , 2009 ceremony for the world ’s top film awards is that Winslet should be getting her acceptance speech ready .
“ I think it is her time .
When Academy members are voting , they are going to be thinking not just of “ The Reader ” but of “ Revolutionary Road , ” said Hollywood.com movie critic Pete Hammond , when talking about the two movies starring Winslet that were released within weeks of each other in 2008 .
“ That is pretty daunting when you have two great performances like that back to back , ” Hammond said .
The four other best actress nominees areas a resentful sister in “ , ” in border smuggling drama “ , ” playing a mother searching for her child in “ ” andfor her role in “ . ”
“ Kate has a solid lead .
She is in a Holocaust movie , speaking with a foreign accent , she ages dramatically and she looks great naked – all key elements for a win , ” said Tom O’Neil of awards website TheEnvelope.com .
Tucson , Arizona was probably not the best place to watch the game last night .
Partly because of the disappointing result , but mostly because of the huge , flapping penis .
Advertisement
With under three minutes left and just after Larry Fitzgerald 's heroic comeback ( ish ) touchdown for the Cardinals , the video feed abruptly switched to a scene from stablemate channel Club Jenna , treating viewers to the sight of seemingly omnipresent porn guy Evan Stone swinging his junk around like a maniac .
This interlude lasted about 30 seconds .
Comcast told the Arizona Daily Star that engineers have been " working throughout the night " to figure out what happened , but have n't yet come up with an explanation .
It could have been a simple case of human error , but given just how wrong it all went , I 'd put my money on a disgruntled outgoing employee .
Video of the event below , obviously NSFW .
[ AZStar , image from Getty .
— Thanks , Jason and Nic ! ]
Advertisement
Video courtesy of ComcastSuperBowlPorn.com .
WARNING : THIS IS ACTUAL PORN , WITH WIENER
Once thought to be building Flash for the iPhone mostly on its own , Adobe has mentioned at the World Economic Forum that it 's not only continuing work on the animation plug - in but has teamed up with Apple to make it a reality .
In an interview with Bloomberg at the Davos , Switzerland event , Adobe chief Shantanu Narayen describes development as a complicated two - way process rather than maintaining the previous image of a one - sided effort that would depend on App Store approval before it could launch .
" Itâs a hard technical challenge , and thatâs part of the reason Apple and Adobe are collaborating , " he says .
" The ball is in our court .
The onus is on us to deliver . "
What hurdles Adobe has to overcome are n't mentioned by the executive , though the company 's long porting process has underscored the difficulty involved .
Narayen had said that he was " pleased with progress " as far back as June of last year — just three months after the iPhone SDK made native third - party apps an option on the touchscreen device .
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs has maintained since nearly a year ago that the real obstacle is the nature of Flash itself .
While desktop
Flash is too resource - heavy for the small processor and low memory of smartphones like the iPhone , Jobs has warned that Flash Lite is too feature - limited and does n't do many of the things users expect Flash to do — such as playing video on the web or showing complex animations on websites .
Most Flash Lite implementations actually depend on an app that runs entirely outside of the web browser and are often based on older versions of Flash that limit their performance and feature set ; Jobs has argued for a " product in the middle " that does more .
Whether or not the collaborative process involves working on that app is very much a mystery , but it may be necessary for Flash to appear in Apple 's preferred form , as third - party iPhone apps are n't allowed to serve as plugins based on the iPhone SDK 's guidelines .
Pentagon 's terror ' recidivism ' claims blasted as ' propaganda ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Friday January 23 , 2009
Print This Email This Ever wonder how many of President Bush 's terror war detainees were released , only to " return to the fight " ?
" Their numbers have changed from 20 , to 12 , to seven , to more than five , to two , to a couple , to a few , 25 , 29 , 12 , and then 24 , " quoted Keith Olbermann on Thursday 's edition of Countdown .
The latest figure , 61 , which was carried unchallenged by CNN , the MSNBC host noted , appears to be nothing but " propaganda . "
A study published by Seton Hall Law Professor Mark Denbeaux on Jan. 15 finds the Pentagon wrongly altered its figures on terrorist ' recidivism ' 43 times , with the latest figure being " the most egregiously so . "
Denbeaux first shared his findings a week prior with MSNBC host Rachael Maddow .
" Once again , theyve failed to identify names , numbers , dates , times , places , or acts upon which their report relies , " the professor wrote .
" Every time they have been required to identify the parties , the DOD has been forced to retract their false IDs and their numbers .
They have included people who have never even set foot in Guantánamomuch less were they released from there . "
" They have counted people as ' returning to the fight ' for their having written an Op - ed piece in the New York Times and for their having appeared in a documentary exhibited at the Cannes Film Festival .
The DOD has revised and retracted their internally conflicting definitions , criteria , and their numbers so often that they have ceased to have any meaning except as an effort to sway public opinion by painting a false portrait of the supposed dangers of these men . "
" ... All of which are seriously undercut by the DoD statement that ' they do not track ' former detainees , " concludes Professor Denbeaux .
" So , here 's a wild guess , " said Olbermann .
" The administration just made the numbers up , like Joe McCarthy used to . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Jan. 22 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Read this in : Português Español
Myths & Truths About Vegetarianism
Originally published in the Townsend Letter for Doctors & Patients , July 2000 .
Revised January 2002 .
“ An unflinching determination to take the whole evidence into account is the only method of preservation against the fluctuating extremes of fashionable opinion . ” — Alfred North Whitehead
Bill and Tanya sat before me in my office in a somber mood : they had just lost their first baby in the second month of pregnancy .
Tanya was particularly upset .
“ Why did this happen to me ?
Why did I miscarry my baby ? ”
The young couple had come to see me mostly because of Tanya ’s recurrent respiratory infections , but also wanted some advice as to how they could avoid the heartache of another failed pregnancy .
Upon questioning Tanya about her diet , I quickly saw the cause of her infections , as well as her miscarriage : she had virtually no fat in her diet and was also mostly a vegetarian .
Because of the plentiful media rhetoric about the supposed dangers of animal product consumption , as opposed to the alleged health benefits of the vegetarian lifestyle , Tanya had deliberately removed such things as cream , butter , meats and fish from her diet .
Although she liked liver , she avoided it due to worries over “ toxins . ”
Tanya and Bill left with a bottle of vitamin A , other supplements and a dietary prescription that included plentiful amounts of animal fats and meat .
Just before leaving my office , Tanya looked at me and said ruefully : “ I just do n’t know what to believe sometimes .
Everywhere I look there is all this low - fat , vegetarian stuff recommended .
I followed it , and look what happened . ”
I assured her that if she and her husband changed their diets and allowed sufficient time for her weakened uterus to heal , they would be happy parents in due time .
In November 2000 , Bill and Tanya happily gave birth to their first child , a girl .
The Evolution of a Myth
Along with the unjustified and unscientific saturated fat and cholesterol scares of the past several decades has come the notion that vegetarianism is a healthier dietary option for people .
It seems as if every health expert and government health agency is urging people to eat fewer animal products and consume more vegetables , grains , fruits and legumes .
Along with these exhortations have come assertions and studies supposedly proving that vegetarianism is healthier for people and that meat consumption is associated with sickness and death .
Several authorities , however , have questioned these data , but their objections have been largely ignored .
As we shall see , many of the vegetarian claims cannot be substantiated and some are simply false and dangerous .
There are benefits to vegetarian diets for certain health conditions , and some people function better on less fat and protein , but , as a practitioner who has dealt with several former vegetarians and vegans ( total vegetarians ) , I know full well the dangerous effects of a diet devoid of healthful animal products .
It is my hope that all readers will more carefully evaluate their position on vegetarianism after reading this paper .
Myth # 1 : Meat consumption contributes to famine and depletes the Earth ’s natural resources .
Some vegetarians have claimed that livestock require pasturage that could be used to farm grains to feed starving people in Third World countries .
It is also claimed that feeding animals contributes to world hunger because livestock are eating foods that could go to feed humans .
The solution to world hunger , therefore , is for people to become vegetarians .
These arguments are illogical and simplistic .
The first argument ignores the fact that about 2/3 of our Earth ’s dry land is unsuitable for farming .
It is primarily the open range , desert and mountainous areas that provide food to grazing animals and that land is currently being put to good use ( 1 ) .
The second argument is faulty as well because it ignores the vital contributions that livestock animals make to humanity ’s well - being .
It is also misleading to think that the foods grown and given to feed livestock could be diverted to feed humans :
Agricultural animals have always made a major contribution to the welfare of human societies by providing food , shelter , fuel , fertilizer and other products and services .
They are a renewable resource , and utilize another renewable resource , plants , to produce these products and services .
In addition , the manure produced by the animals helps improve soil fertility and , thus , aids the plants .
In some developing countries the manure cannot be utilized as a fertilizer but is dried as a source of fuel .
There are many who feel that because the world population is growing at a faster rate than is the food supply , we are becoming less and less able to afford animal foods because feeding plant products to animals is an inefficient use of potential human food .
It is true that it is more efficient for humans to eat plant products directly rather than to allow animals to convert them to human food .
At best , animals only produce one pound or less of human food for each three pounds of plants eaten .
However , this inefficiency only applies to those plants and plant products that the human can utilize .
The fact is that over two - thirds of the feed fed to animals consists of substances that are either undesirable or completely unsuited for human food .
Thus , by their ability to convert inedible plant materials to human food , animals not only do not compete with the human rather they aid greatly in improving both the quantity and the quality of the diets of human societies . ( 2 )
Furthermore , at the present time , there is more than enough food grown in the world to feed all people on the planet .
The problem is widespread poverty making it impossible for the starving poor to afford it .
In a comprehensive report , the Population Reference Bureau attributed the world hunger problem to poverty , not meat - eating ( 3 ) .
It also did not consider mass vegetarianism to be a solution for world hunger .
What would actually happen , however , if animal husbandry were abandoned in favor of mass agriculture , brought about by humanity turning towards vegetarianism ?
If a large number of people switched to vegetarianism , the demand for meat in the United States and Europe would fall , the supply of grain would dramatically increase , but the buying power of poor [ starving ] people in Africa and Asia would n’t change at all .
The result would be very predictable — there would be a mass exodus from farming .
Whereas today the total amount of grains produced could feed 10 billion people , the total amount of grain grown in this post - meat world would likely fall back to about 7 or 8 billion .
The trend of farmers selling their land to developers and others would accelerate quickly . ( 4 )
In other words , there would be less food available for the world to eat .
Furthermore , the monoculture of grains and legumes , which is what would happen if animal husbandry were abandoned and the world relied exclusively on plant foods for its food , would rapidly deplete the soil and require the heavy use of artificial fertilizers , one ton of which requires ten tons of crude oil to produce ( 5 ) .
As far as the impact to our environment , a closer look reveals the great damage that exclusive and mass farming would do .
British organic dairy farmer and researcher Mark Purdey wisely points out that if “ veganic agricultural systems were to gain a foothold on the soil , then agrochemical use , soil erosion , cash cropping , prairie - scapes and ill health would escalate . ” ( 6 )
Neanderthin author Ray Audette concurs with this view :
Since ancient times , the most destructive factor in the degradation of the environment has been monoculture agriculture .
The production of wheat in ancient Sumeria transformed once - fertile plains into salt flats that remain sterile 5,000 years later .
As well as depleting both the soil and water sources , monoculture agriculture also produces environmental damage by altering the delicate balance of natural ecosystems .
World rice production in 1993 , for instance , caused 155 million cases of malaria by providing breeding grounds for mosquitoes in the paddies .
Human contact with ducks in the same rice paddies resulted in 500 million cases of influenza during the same year .
( 7 )
There is little doubt , though , that commercial farming methods , whether of plants or animals produce harm to the environment .
With the heavy use of agrochemicals , pesticides , artificial fertilizers , hormones , steroids , and antibiotics common in modern agriculture , a better way of integrating animal husbandry with agriculture needs to be found .
A possible solution might be a return to “ mixed farming , ” described below .
The educated consumer and the enlightened farmer together can bring about a return of the mixed farm , where cultivation of fruits , vegetables and grains is combined with the raising of livestock and fowl in a manner that is efficient , economical and environmentally friendly .
For example , chickens running free in garden areas eat insect pests , while providing high - quality eggs ; sheep grazing in orchards obviate the need for herbicides ; and cows grazing in woodlands and other marginal areas provide rich , pure milk , making these lands economically viable for the farmer .
It is not animal cultivation that leads to hunger and famine , but unwise agricultural practices and monopolistic distribution systems . ( 8 )
The “ mixed farm ” is also healthier for the soil , which will yield more crops if managed according to traditional guidelines .
Mark Purdey has accurately pointed out that a crop field on a mixed farm will yield up to five harvests a year , while a “ mono - cropped ” one will only yield one or two ( 9 ) .
Which farm is producing more food for the world ’s peoples ?
Purdey well sums up the ecological horrors of “ battery farming ” and points to future solutions by saying :
Our agricultural establishments could do very well to outlaw the business - besotted farmers running intensive livestock units , battery systems and beef - burger bureaucracies ; with all their wastages , deplorable cruelty , anti-ozone slurry systems ; drug / chemical induced immunotoxicity resulting in B.S.E. [ see myth # 13 ] and salmonella , rain forest eradication , etc .
Our future direction must strike the happy , healthy medium of mixed farms , resurrecting the old traditional extensive system as a basic framework , then bolstering up productivity to present day demands by incorporating a more updated application of biological science into farming systems . ( 10 )
It does not appear , then , that livestock farming , when properly practiced , damages the environment .
Nor does it appear that world vegetarianism or exclusively relying on agriculture to supply the world with food are feasible or ecologically wise ideas .
Myth # 2 : Vitamin B 12 can be obtained from plant sources .
Of all the myths , this is perhaps the most dangerous .
While lacto and lacto - ovo vegetarians have sources of vitamin B 12 in their diets ( from dairy products and eggs ) , vegans ( total vegetarians ) do not .
Vegans who do not supplement their diet with vitamin B 12 will eventually get anemia ( a fatal condition ) as well as severe nervous and digestive system damage ; most , if not all , vegans have impaired B 12 metabolism and every study of vegan groups has demonstrated low vitamin B 12 concentrations in the majority of individuals ( 11 ) .
Several studies have been done documenting B 12 deficiencies in vegan children , often with dire consequences ( 12 ) .
Additionally , claims are made in vegan and vegetarian literature that B 12 is present in certain algae , tempeh ( a fermented soy product ) and Brewer ’s yeast .
All of them are false as vitamin B 12 is only found in animal foods .
Brewer ’s and nutritional yeasts do not contain B 12 naturally ; they are always fortified from an outside source .
There is not real B 12 in plant sources but B 12 analogues –they are similar to true B 12 , but not exactly the same and because of this they are not bioavailable ( 13 ) .
It should be noted here that these B 12 analogues can impair absorption of true vitamin B 12 in the body due to competitive absorption , placing vegans and vegetarians who consume lots of soy , algae , and yeast at a greater risk for a deficiency ( 14 ) .
Some vegetarian authorities claim that B 12 is produced by certain fermenting bacteria in the lower intestines .
This may be true , but it is in a form unusable by the body .
B 12 requires intrinsic factor from the stomach for proper absorption in the ileum .
Since the bacterial product does not have intrinsic factor bound to it , it can not be absorbed ( 15 ) .
It is true that Hindu vegans living in certain parts of India do not suffer from vitamin B 12 deficiency .
This has led some to conclude that plant foods do provide this vitamin .
This conclusion , however , is erroneous as many small insects , their feces , eggs , larvae and / or residue , are left on the plant foods these people consume , due to non-use of pesticides and inefficient cleaning methods .
This is how these people obtain their vitamin B 12 .
This contention is borne out by the fact that when vegan Indian Hindus later migrated to England , they came down with megaloblastic anaemia within a few years .
In England , the food supply is cleaner , and insect residues are completely removed from plant foods ( 16 ) .
The only reliable and absorbable sources of vitamin B 12 are animal products , especially organ meats and eggs ( 17 ) .
Though present in lesser amounts than meat and eggs , dairy products do contain B 12 .
Vegans , therefore , should consider adding dairy products into their diets .
If dairy cannot be tolerated , eggs , preferably from free - run hens , are a virtual necessity .
That vitamin B 12 can only be obtained from animal foods is one of the strongest arguments against veganism being a “ natural ” way of human eating .
Today , vegans can avoid anemia by taking supplemental vitamins or fortified foods .
If those same people had lived just a few decades ago , when these products were unavailable , they would have died .
Myth # 3 : Our needs for vitamin D can be met by sunlight .
Though not really a vegetarian myth per se , it is widely believed that one ’s vitamin D needs can be met simply by exposing one ’s skin to the sun ’s rays for 15 - 20 minutes a few times a week .
Concerns about vitamin D deficiencies in vegetarians and vegans always exist as this nutrient , in its full - complex form , is only found in animal fats ( 18 ) which vegans do not consume and more moderate vegetarians only consume in limited quantities due to their meatless diets .
It is true that a limited number of plant foods such as alfalfa , sunflower seeds , and avocado , contain the plant form of vitamin D ( ergocalciferol , or vitamin D2 ) .
Although D 2 can be used to prevent and treat the vitamin D deficiency disease , rickets , in humans , it is questionable , though , whether this form is as effective as animal - derived vitamin D 3 ( cholecalciferol ) .
Some studies have shown that D 2 is not utilized as well as D 3 in animals ( 19 ) and clinicians have reported disappointing results using vitamin D 2 to treat vitamin D- related conditions ( 20 ) .
Although vitamin D can be created by our bodies by the action of sunlight on our skin , it is very difficult to obtain an optimal amount of vitamin D by a brief foray into the sun .
There are three ultraviolet bands of radiation that come from sunlight named A , B , and C .
Only the “ B ” form is capable of catalyzing the conversion of cholesterol to vitamin D in our bodies ( 21 ) and UV - B rays are only present at certain times of day , at certain latitudes , and at certain times of the year ( 22 ) .
Furthermore , depending on one ’s skin color , obtaining 200- 400 IUs of vitamin D from the sun can take as long as two full hours of continual sunning ( 23 ) .
A dark - skinned vegan , therefore , will find it impossible to obtain optimal vitamin D intake by sunning himself for 20 minutes a few times a week , even if sunning occurs during those limited times of the day and year when UV - B rays are available .
The current RDA for vitamin D is 400 IUs , but Dr. Weston Price ’s seminal research into healthy native adult people ’s diets showed that their daily intake of vitamin D ( from animal foods ) was about 10 times that amount , or 4,000 IUs ( 24 ) .
Accordingly , Dr. Price placed a great emphasis on vitamin D in the diet .
Without vitamin D , for example , it is impossible to utilize minerals like calcium , phosphorous , and magnesium .
Recent research has confirmed Dr. Price ’s higher recommendations for vitamin D for adults ( 24 ) .
Since rickets and / or low vitamin D levels has been well - documented in many vegetarians and vegans ( 26 ) , since animal fats are either lacking or deficient in vegetarian diets ( as well as those of the general Western public who routinely try to cut their animal fat intake ) , since sunlight is only a source of vitamin D at certain times and at certain latitudes , and since current dietary recommendations for vitamin D are too low , this emphasizes the need to have reliable and abundant sources of this nutrient in our daily diets .
Good sources include cod liver oil , lard from pigs that were exposed to sunlight , shrimp , wild salmon , sardines , butter , full - fat dairy products , and eggs from properly fed chickens .
Myth # 4 : The body ’s needs for vitamin A can be entirely obtained from plant foods .
True vitamin A , or retinol and its associated esters , is only found in animal fats and organs like liver ( 27 ) .
Plants do contain beta - carotene , a substance that the body can convert into vitamin A if certain conditions are present ( see below ) .
Beta -carotene , however , is not vitamin A .
It is typical for vegans and vegetarians ( as well as most popular nutrition writers ) to say that plant foods like carrots and spinach contain vitamin A and that beta - carotene is just as good as vitamin A .
These things are not true even though beta - carotene is an important nutritional factor for humans .
The conversion from carotene to vitamin A in the intestines can only take place in the presence of bile salts .
This means that fat must be eaten with the carotenes to stimulate bile secretion .
Additionally , infants and people with hypothyroidism , gall bladder problems or diabetes ( altogether , a significant portion of the population ) either cannot make the conversion , or do so very poorly .
Lastly , the body ’s conversion from carotene to vitamin A is not very efficient : it takes roughly 6 units of carotene to make one unit of vitamin A .
What this means is that a sweet potato ( containing about 25,000 units of beta- carotene ) will only convert into about 4,000 units of vitamin A ( assuming you ate it with fat , are not diabetic , are not an infant , and do not have a thyroid or gall bladder problem ) [ 28 ] .
Relying on plant sources for vitamin A , then , is not a very wise idea .
This provides yet another reason to include animal foods and fats in our diets .
Butter and full - fat dairy foods , especially from pastured cows , are good vitamin A sources , as is cod liver oil .
Vitamin
A is all - important in our diets , for it enables the body to use proteins and minerals , insures proper vision , enhances the immune system , enables reproduction , and fights infections ( 29 ) .
As with vitamin D , Dr. Price found that the diets of healthy indigenous peoples supplied substantial amounts of vitamin A , again emphasizing the great need humans have for this nutrient in maintaining optimal health now and for future generations .
Myth # 5 : Meat - eating causes osteoporosis , kidney disease , heart disease , and cancer .
Oftentimes , vegans and vegetarians will try to scare people into avoiding animal foods and fats by claiming that vegetarian diets offer protection from certain chronic diseases like the ones listed above .
Such claims , however , are hard to reconcile with historical and anthropological facts .
All of the diseases mentioned are primarily 20th century occurrences , yet people have been eating meat and animal fat for many thousands of years .
Further , as Dr. Price ’s research showed , there were / are several native peoples around the world ( the Innuit , Maasai , Swiss , etc. ) whose traditional diets were / are very rich in animal products , but who nevertheless did / do not suffer from the above - mentioned maladies ( 30 ) .
Dr. George Mann ’s independent studies of the Maasai done many years after Dr. Price , confirmed the fact that the Maasai , despite being almost exclusive meat eaters , nevertheless , had little to no incidence of heart disease , or other chronic ailments ( 31 ) .
This proves that other factors besides animal foods are at work in causing these diseases .
Several studies have supposedly shown that meat consumption is the cause of various illnesses , but such studies , honestly evaluated , show no such thing as the following discussion will show .
Osteoporosis
Dr. Herta Spencer ’s research on protein intake and bone loss clearly showed that protein consumption in the form of real meat has no impact on bone density .
Studies that supposedly proved that excessive protein consumption equaled more bone loss were not done with real meat but with fractionated protein powders and isolated amino acids ( 32 ) .
Recent studies have also shown that increased animal protein intake contributes to stronger bone density in men and women ( 33 ) .
Some recent studies on vegan and vegetarian diets , however , have shown them to predispose women to osteoporosis ( 34 ) .
Kidney Disease
Although protein - restricted diets are helpful for people with kidney disease , there is no proof that eating meat causes it ( 35 ) .
Vegetarians will also typically claim that animal protein causes overly acidic conditions in the blood , resulting in calcium leaching from the bones and , hence , a greater tendency to form kidney stones .
This opinion is false , however .
Theoretically , the sulphur and phosphorous in meat can form an acid when placed in water , but that does not mean that is what happens in the body .
Actually , meat contains complete proteins and vitamin D ( if the skin and fat are eaten ) , both of which help maintain pH balance in the bloodstream .
Furthermore , if one eats a diet that includes enough magnesium and vitamin B6 , and restricts refined sugars , one has little to fear from kidney stones , whether one eats meat or not ( 36 ) .
Animal foods like beef , pork , fish , and lamb are good sources of magnesium and B6 as any food / nutrient table will show .
Heart Disease
The belief that animal protein contributes to heart disease is a popular one that has no foundation in nutritional science .
Outside of questionable studies , there is little data to support the idea that meat - eating leads to heart disease .
For example , the French have one of the highest per capita consumption of meat , yet have low rates of heart disease .
In Greece , meat consumption is higher than average but rates of heart disease are low there as well .
Finally , in Spain , an increase in meat eating ( in conjunction with a reduction in sugar and high carbohydrate intake ) led to a decrease in heart disease ( 37 ) .
Cancer
The belief that meat , in particular red meat , contributes to cancer is , like heart disease , a popular idea that is not supported by the facts .
Although it is true that some studies have shown a connection between meat eating and some types of cancer ( 38 ) , its important to look at the studies carefully to determine what kind of meat is being discussed , as well as the preparation methods used .
Since we only have one word for “ meat ” in English , it is often difficult to know which “ meat ” is under discussion in a study unless the authors of the study specifically say so .
The study which began the meat=cancer theory was done by Dr. Ernst Wynder in the 1970s .
Wynder claimed that there was a direct , causal connection between animal fat intake and incidence of colon cancer ( 39 ) .
Actually , his data on “ animal fats ” were really on vegetable fats ( 40 ) .
In other words , the meat=cancer theory is based on a phony study .
If one looks closely at the research , however , one quickly sees that it is processed meats like cold cuts and sausages that are usually implicated in cancer causation ( 41 ) and not meat per se .
Furthermore , cooking methods seem to play a part in whether or not a meat becomes carcinogenic ( 42 ) .
In other words , it is the added chemicals to the meat and the chosen cooking method that are at fault and not the meat itself .
In the end , although sometimes a connection between meat and cancer is found , the actual mechanism of how it happens has eluded scientists ( 43 ) .
This means that it is likely that other factors besides meat are playing roles in some cases of cancer .
Remember : studies of meat - eating traditional peoples show that they have very little incidence of cancer .
This demonstrates that other factors are at work when cancer appears in a modern meat - eating person .
It is not scientifically fair to single out one dietary factor in placing blame , while ignoring other more likely candidates .
It should be noted here that Seventh Day Adventists are often studied in population analyses to prove that a vegetarian diet is healthier and is associated with a lower risk for cancer ( but see a later paragraph in this section ) .
While it is true that most members of this Christian denomination do not eat meat , they also do not smoke or drink alcohol , coffee or tea , all of which are likely factors in promoting cancer ( 44 ) .
The Mormons are a religious group often overlooked in vegetarian studies .
Although their Church urges moderation , Mormons do not abstain from meat .
As with the Adventists , Mormons also avoid tobacco , alcohol , and caffeine .
Despite being meat eaters , a study of Utah Mormons showed they had a 22 % lower rate for cancer in general and a 34 % lower mortality for colon cancer than the US average ( 45 ) .
A study of Puerto Ricans , who eat large amounts of fatty pork , nevertheless revealed very low rates of colon and breast cancer ( 46 ) .
Similar results can be adduced to demonstrate that meat and animal fat consumption do not correlate with cancer ( 47 ) .
Obviously , other factors are at work .
It is usually claimed that vegetarians have lower cancer rates than meat - eaters , but a 1994 study of vegetarian California Seventh Day Adventists showed that , while they did have lower rates for some cancers ( e.g. , breast and lung ) , they had higher rates for several others ( Hodgkin ’s disease , malignant melanoma , brain , skin , uterine , prostate , endometrial , cervical and ovarian ) , some quite significantly .
In that study the authors actually admitted that :
Meat consumption , however , was not associated with a higher [ cancer ] risk .
And that ,
No significant association between breast cancer and a high consumption of animal fats or animal products in general was noted . ( 48 )
Further , it is usually claimed that a diet rich in plant foods like whole grains and legumes will reduce one ’s risks for cancer , but research going back to the last century demonstrates that carbohydrate - based diets are the prime dietary instigators of cancer , not diets based on minimally processed animal foods ( 49 ) .
The mainstream health and vegetarian media have done such an effective job of “ beef bashing , ” that most people think there is nothing healthful about meat , especially red meat .
In reality , however , animal flesh foods like beef and lamb are excellent sources of a variety of nutrients as any food / nutrient table will show .
Nutrients like vitamins A , D , several of the B - complex , essential fatty acids ( in small amounts ) , magnesium , zinc , phosphorous , potassium , iron , taurine , and selenium are abundant in beef , lamb , pork , fish and shellfish , and poultry .
Nutritional factors like coenzyme Q 10 , carnitine , and alpha-lipoic acid are also present .
Some of these nutrients are only found in animal foods–plants do not supply them .
Myth # 6 : Saturated fats and dietary cholesterol cause heart disease , atherosclerosis , and / or cancer , and low - fat , low - cholesterol diets are healthier for people .
This , too , is not a specific vegetarian myth .
Nevertheless , people are often urged to take up a vegetarian or vegan diet because it is believed that such diets offer protection against heart disease and cancer since they are lower or lacking in animal foods and fats .
Although it is commonly believed that saturated fats and dietary cholesterol “ clog arteries ” and cause heart disease , such ideas have been shown to be false by such scientists as Linus Pauling , Russell Smith , George Mann , John Yudkin , Abram Hoffer , Mary Enig , Uffe Ravnskov and other prominent researchers ( 50 ) .
On the contrary , studies have shown that arterial plaque is primarily composed of unsaturated fats , particularly polyunsaturated ones , and not the saturated fat of animals , palm or coconut ( 51 ) .
Trans - fatty acids , as opposed to saturated fats , have been shown by researchers such as Enig , Mann and Fred Kummerow to be causative factors in accelerated atherosclerosis , coronary heart disease , cancer and other ailments ( 52 ) .
Trans - fatty acids are found in such modern foods as margarine and vegetable shortening and foods made with them .
Enig and her colleagues have also shown that excessive omega - 6 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake from refined vegetable oils is also a major culprit behind cancer and heart disease , not animal fats .
A recent study of thousands of Swedish women supported Enig ’s conclusions and data , and showed no correlation between saturated fat consumption and increased risk for breast cancer .
However , the study did show , as did Enig ’s work , a strong link between vegetable oil intake and higher breast cancer rates ( 53 ) .
The major population studies that supposedly prove the theory that animal fats and cholesterol cause heart disease actually do not upon closer inspection .
The Framingham Heart Study is often cited as proof that dietary cholesterol and saturated fat intake cause heart disease and ill health .
Involving about 6,000 people , the study compared two groups over several years at five - year intervals .
One group consumed little cholesterol and saturated fat , while the other consumed high amounts .
Surprisingly , Dr William Castelli , the study ’s director , said :
In Framingham , Mass. , the more saturated fat one ate , the more cholesterol one ate , the more calories one ate , the lower the person ’s serum cholesterol … we found that the people who ate the most cholesterol , ate the most saturated fat , [ and ] ate the most calories , weighed the least and were the most physically active . ( 54 )
The Framingham data did show that subjects who had higher cholesterol levels and weighed more ran a slightly higher chance for coronary heart disease .
But weight gain and serum cholesterol levels had an inverse correlation with dietary fat and cholesterol intake .
In other words , there was no correlation at all ( 55 ) .
In a similar vein , the US Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial , sponsored by the National Heart and Lung Institute , compared mortality rates and eating habits of 12,000 + men .
Those who ate less saturated fat and cholesterol showed a slightly reduced rate of heart disease , but had an overall mortality rate much higher than the other men in the study ( 56 ) .
Low - fat / cholesterol diets , therefore , are not healthier for people .
Studies have shown repeatedly that such diets are associated with depression , cancer , psychological problems , fatigue , violence and suicide ( 57 ) .
Women with lower serum cholesterol live shorter lives than women with higher levels ( 58 ) .
Similar things have been found in men ( 59 ) .
Children on low - fat and / or vegan diets can suffer from growth problems , failure to thrive , and learning disabilities ( 60 ) .
Despite this , sources from Dr Benjamin Spock to the American Heart Association recommend low - fat diets for children !
One can only lament the fate of those unfortunate youngsters who will be raised by unknowing parents taken in by such genocidal misinformation .
There are many health benefits to saturated fats , depending on the fat in question .
Coconut oil , for example , is rich in lauric acid , a potent antifungal and antimicrobial substance .
Coconut also contains appreciable amounts of caprylic acid , also an effective antifungal ( 61 ) .
Butter from free - range cows is rich in trace minerals , especially selenium , as well as all of the fat - soluble vitamins and beneficial fatty acids that protect against cancer and fungal infections ( 62 ) .
In fact , the body needs saturated fats in order to properly utilize essential fatty acids ( 63 ) .
Saturated fats also lower the blood levels of the artery - damaging lipoprotein ( a ) ( 64 ) ; are needed for proper calcium utilization in the bones ( 65 ) ; stimulate the immune system ( 66 ) ; are the preferred food for the heart and other vital organs ( 67 ) ; and , along with cholesterol , add structural stability to the cell and intestinal wall ( 68 ) .
They are excellent for cooking , as they are chemically stable and do not break down under heat , unlike polyunsaturated vegetable oils .
Omitting them from one ’s diet , then , is ill - advised .
With respect to atherosclerosis , it is always claimed that vegetarians have much lower rates of this condition than meat eaters .
The International Atherosclerosis Project of 1968 , however , which examined over 20,000 corpses from several countries , concluded that vegetarians had just as much atherosclerosis as meat eaters ( 69 ) .
Other population studies have revealed similar data . ( 70 ) This is because atherosclerosis is largely unrelated to diet ; it is a consequence of aging .
There are things which can accelerate the atherosclerotic process such as excessive free radical damage to the arteries from antioxidant depletion ( caused by such things as smoking , poor diet , excess polyunsaturated fatty acids in the diet , various nutritional deficiencies , drugs , etc ) , but this is to be distinguished from the fatty - streaking and hardening of arteries that occurs in all peoples over time .
It also does not appear that vegetarian diets protect against heart disease .
A study on vegans in 1970 showed that female vegans had higher rates of death from heart disease than non-vegan females ( 71 ) .
A recent study showed that Indians , despite being vegetarians , have very high rates of coronary artery disease ( 72 ) .
High - carbohydrate / low - fat diets ( which is what vegetarian diets are ) can also place one at a greater risk for heart disease , diabetes , and cancer due to their hyperinsulemic effects on the body ( 73 ) .
Recent studies have also shown that vegetarians have higher homocysteine levels in their blood ( 74 ) .
Homocysteine is a known cause of heart disease .
Lastly , low - fat / cholesterol diets , generally favored to either prevent or treat heart disease , do neither and may actually increase certain risk factors for this condition ( 75 ) .
Studies which conclude that vegetarians are at a lower risk for heart disease are typically based on the phony markers of lower saturated fat intake , lower serum cholesterol levels and HDL / LDL ratios .
Since vegetarians tend to eat less saturated fat and usually have lower serum cholesterol levels , it is concluded that they are at less risk for heart disease .
Once one realizes that these measurements are not accurate predictors of proneness to heart disease , however , the supposed protection of vegetarianism melts away ( 76 ) .
It should always be remembered that a number of things factor into a person getting heart disease or cancer .
Instead of focusing on the phony issues of saturated fat , dietary cholesterol , and meat - eating , people should pay more attention to other more likely factors .
These would be trans - fatty acids , excessive polyunsaturated fat intake , excessive sugar intake , excessive carbohydrate intake , smoking , certain vitamin and mineral deficiencies , and obesity .
These things were all conspicuously absent in the healthy traditional peoples that Dr. Price studied .
Myth # 7 : Vegetarians live longer and have more energy and endurance than meat - eaters .
A vegetarian guidebook published in Great Britain made the following claim :
You and your children do n’t need to eat meat to stay healthy .
In fact , vegetarians claim they are among the healthiest people around , and they can expect to live nine years longer than meat eaters ( this is often because heart and circulatory diseases are rarer ) .
These days almost half the population in Britain is trying to avoid meat , according to a survey by the Food Research Association in January 1990 . ( 77 )
In commenting on this claim of extended lifespan , author Craig Fitzroy astutely points out that :
The “ nine - year advantage ” is an oft - repeated but invariably unsourced piece of anecdotal evidence for vegetarianism .
But anyone who believes that by snubbing mum ’s Sunday roast they will be adding a decade to their years on the planet is almost certainly indulging in a bit of wishful thinking . ( 78 )
And that is what most of the claims for increased longevity in vegetarians are : anecdotal .
There is no proof that a healthy vegetarian diet when compared to a healthy omnivorous diet will result in a longer life .
Additionally , people who choose a vegetarian lifestyle typically also choose not to smoke , to exercise , in short , to live a healthier lifestyle .
These things also factor into one ’s longevity .
In the scientific literature , there are surprisingly few studies done on vegetarian longevity .
Russell Smith , PhD , in his massive review study on heart disease , showed that as animal product consumption increased among some study groups , death rates actually decreased !
( 79 ) Such results were not obtained among vegetarian subjects .
For example , in a study published by Burr and Sweetnam in 1982 , analysis of mortality data revealed that , although vegetarians had a slightly ( .11 % ) lower rate of heart disease than non-vegetarians , the all - cause death rate was much higher for vegetarians ( 80 ) .
Despite claims that studies have shown that meat consumption increased the risk for heart disease and shortened lives , the authors of those studies actually found the opposite .
For example , in a 1984 analysis of a 1978 study of vegetarian Seventh Day Adventists , HA Kahn concluded ,
Although our results add some substantial facts to the diet - disease question , we recognize how remote they are from establishing , for example , that men who frequently eat meat or women who rarely eat salad are thereby shortening their lives . ( 81 )
A similar conclusion was reached by D.A. Snowden ( 82 ) .
Despite these startling admissions , the studies nevertheless concluded the exact opposite and urged people to reduce animal foods from their diets .
Further , both of these studies threw out certain dietary data that clearly showed no connection between eggs , cheese , whole milk , and fat attached to meat ( all high fat and cholesterol foods ) and heart disease .
Dr. Smith commented ,
In effect the Kahn [ and Snowden ] study is yet another example of negative results which are massaged and misinterpreted to support the politically correct assertions that vegetarians live longer lives . ( 83 )
It is usually claimed that meat - eating peoples have a short life span , but the Aborigines of Australia , who traditionally eat a diet rich in animal products , are known for their longevity ( at least before colonization by Europeans ) .
Within Aboriginal society , there is a special caste of the elderly ( 84 ) .
Obviously , if no old people existed , no such group would have existed .
In his book Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , Dr. Price has numerous photographs of elderly native peoples from around the world .
Explorers such as Vilhjalmur Stefansson reported great longevity among the Innuit ( again , before colonization ) . [ 85 ]
Similarly , the Russians of the Caucasus mountains live to great ages on a diet of fatty pork and whole raw milk products .
The Hunzas , also known for their robust health and longevity , eat substantial portions of goat ’s milk which has a higher saturated fat content than cow ’s milk ( 86 ) .
In contrast , the largely vegetarian Hindus of southern India have the shortest life - spans in the world , partly because of a lack of food , but also because of a distinct lack of animal protein in their diets ( 87 ) .
H. Leon Abrams ’ comments are instructive here :
Vegetarians often maintain that a diet of meat and animal fat leads to a pre-mature death .
Anthropological data from primitive societies do not support such contentions . ( 88 )
With regards to endurance and energy levels , Dr Price traveled around the world in the 1920s and 1930s , investigating native diets .
Without exception , he found a strong correlation between diets rich in animal fats , robust health and athletic ability .
Special foods for Swiss athletes , for example , included bowls of fresh , raw cream .
In Africa , Dr Price discovered that groups whose diets were rich in fatty meats and fish , and organ meats like liver , consistently carried off the prizes in athletic contests , and that meat - eating tribes always dominated tribes whose diets were largely vegetarian . ( 89 )
It is popular in sports nutrition to recommend “ carb loading ” for athletes to increase their endurance levels .
But recent studies done in New York and South Africa show that the opposite is true : athletes who “ carb loaded ” had significantly less endurance than those who “ fat loaded ” before athletic events ( 90 ) .
Myth # 8 : The “ cave man ” diet was low - fat and / or vegetarian .
Humans evolved as vegetarians .
Our Paleolithic ancestors were hunter - gatherers , and three schools of thought have developed as to what their diet was like .
One group argues for a high - fat and animal - based diet supplemented with seasonal fruits , berries , nuts , root vegetables and wild grasses .
The second argues that indigenous peoples consumed assorted lean meats and large amounts of plant foods .
The third argues that our human ancestors evolved as vegetarians .
The “ lean ” Paleolithic diet approach has been argued for quite voraciously by Dr. ’s Loren Cordain and Boyd Eaton in a number of popular and professional publications ( 91 ) .
Cordain and Eaton are believers in the Lipid Hypothesis of heart disease –the belief ( debunked in myth number six , above ) that saturated fat and dietary cholesterol contribute to heart disease .
Because of this , and the fact that Paleolithic peoples or their modern equivalents did / do not suffer from heart disease , Cordain and Eaton espouse the theory that Paleolithic peoples consumed most of their fat calories from monounsaturated and polyunsaturated sources and not saturated fats .
Believing that saturated fats are dangerous to our arteries , Cordain and Eaton stay in step with current establishment nutritional thought and encourage modern peoples to eat a diet like our ancestors .
This diet , they believe , was rich in lean meats and a variety of vegetables , but was low in saturated fat .
The evidence they produce to support this theory is , however , very selective and misleading .
( 92 ) Saturated fats do not cause heart disease as was shown above , and our Paleolithic ancestors ate quite a bit of saturated fat from a variety of plant and animal sources .
From authoritative sources , we learn that prehistoric humans of the North American continent ate such animals as mammoth , camel , sloth , bison , mountain sheep , pronghorn antelope , beaver , elk , mule deer , and llama ( 93 ) .
“ Mammoth , sloth , mountain sheep , bison , and beaver are fatty animals in the modern sense in that they have a thick layer of subcutaneous fat , as do the many species of bear and wild pig whose remains have been found at Paleolithic sites throughout the world . ” ( 94 ) Analysis of many types of fat in game animals like antelope , bison , caribou , dog , elk , moose , seal , and mountain sheep shows that they are rich in saturates and monounsaturates , but relatively low in polyunstaurates . ( 95 )
Further , while buffalo and game animals may have lean , non-marbled muscle meats , it is a mistake to assume that only these parts were eaten by hunter - gatherer groups like the Native Americans who often hunted animals selectively for their fat and fatty organs as the following section will show .
Anthropologists / explorers such as Vilhjalmur Stefansson reported that the Innuit and North American Indian tribes would worry when their catches of caribou were too lean : they knew sickness would follow if they did not consume enough fat ( 96 ) .
In other words , these indigenous peoples did not like having to eat lean meat .
Northern Canadian Indians would also deliberately hunt older male caribou and elk , for these animals carried a 50 - pound slab of back fat on them which the Indians would eat with relish .
This “ back fat ” is highly saturated .
Native Americans would also refrain from hunting bison in the springtime ( when the animals ’ fat stores were low , due to scarce food supply during the winter ) , preferring to hunt , kill and consume them in the fall when they were fattened up ( 97 ) .
Explorer Samuel Hearne , writing in 1768 , described how the Native American tribes he came in contact with would selectively hunt caribou just for the fatty parts :
On the twenty - second of July , we met several strangers , whom we joined in pursuit of the caribou , which were at this time so plentiful that we got everyday a sufficient number for our support , and indeed too frequently killed several merely for the tongues , marrow , and fat . ( 98 )
While Cordain and Eaton are certainly correct in saying that our ancestors ate meat , their contentions about fat intake , as well as the type of fat consumed , are simply incorrect .
While various vegetarian and vegan authorities like to think that we evolved as a species on a vegan or vegetarian diet , there exists little from the realm of nutritional anthropology to support these ideas .
To begin with , in his journeys , Dr Price never once found a totally vegetarian culture .
It should be remembered that Dr. Price visited and investigated several population groups who were , for all intents and purposes , the 20th century equivalents of our hunter - gatherer ancestors .
Dr. Price was on the lookout for a vegetarian culture , but he came up empty .
Price stated :
As yet I have not found a single group of primitive racial stock which was building and maintaining excellent bodies by living entirely on plant foods . ( 99 )
Anthropological data support this : throughout the globe , all societies show a preference for animal foods and fats and our ancestors only turned to large scale farming when they had to due to increased population pressures ( 100 ) .
Abrams and other authorities have shown that prehistoric man ’s quest for more animal foods was what spurred his expansion over the Earth , and that he apparently hunted certain species to extinction .
( 101 )
Price also found that those peoples who , out of necessity , consumed more grains and legumes , had higher rates of dental decay than those who consumed more animal products .
In his papers on vegetarianism , Abrams presents archaeological evidence that supports this finding : skulls of ancient peoples who were largely vegetarian have teeth containing caries and abscesses and show evidence of tuberculosis and other infectious diseases ( 102 ) .
The appearance of farming and the increased dependence on plant foods for our subsistence was clearly harmful to our health .
Finally , it is simply not possible for our prehistoric ancestors to have been vegetarian because they would not have been able to get enough calories or nutrients to survive on the plant foods that were available .
The reason for this is that humans did not know how to cook or control fire at that time and the great majority of plant foods , especially grains and legumes , must be cooked in order to render them edible to humans ( 103 ) .
Most people do not know that many of the plant foods we consume today are poisonous in their raw states ( 104 ) .
Based on all of this evidence , it is certain that the diets of our ancestors , the progenitors of humanity , ate a very non-vegetarian diet that was rich in saturated fatty acids .
Myth # 9 : Meat and saturated fat consumption have increased in the 20th century , with a corresponding increase in heart disease and cancer .
Statistics do not bear out such fancies .
Butter consumption has plummeted from 18 lb ( 8.165 kg ) per person a year in 1900 , to less than 5 lb ( 2.27 kg ) per person a year today ( 105 ) .
Additionally , Westerners , urged on by government health agencies , have reduced their intake of eggs , cream , lard , and pork .
Chicken consumption has risen in the past few decades , but chicken is lower in saturated fat than either beef or pork .
Furthermore , a survey of cookbooks published in America in the last century shows that people of earlier times ate plenty of animal foods and saturated fats .
For example , in the Baptist Ladies Cook Book ( Monmouth , Illinois , 1895 ) , virtually every recipe calls for butter , cream or lard .
Recipes for creamed vegetables are numerous as well .
A scan of the Searchlight Recipe Book ( Capper Publications , 1931 ) also has similar recipes : creamed liver , creamed cucumbers , hearts braised in buttermilk , etc. British Jews , as shown by the Jewish Housewives Cookbook ( London , 1846 ) , also had diets rich in cream , butter , eggs , and lamb and beef tallows .
One recipe for German waffles , for example , calls for a dozen egg yolks and an entire pound of butter .
A recipe for Oyster Pie from the Baptist cookbook calls for a quart of cream and a dozen eggs , and so forth and so on .
It does not appear , then , that people ate leaner diets in the last century .
It is true that beef consumption has risen in the last few decades , but what has also risen precipitously , however , is consumption of margarine and other food products containing trans - fatty acids ( 106 ) , lifeless , packaged “ foods ” , processed vegetable oils ( 107 ) , carbohydrates ( 108 ) and refined sugar ( 109 ) .
Since one does not see chronic diseases like cancer and heart disease in beef - eating native peoples like the Maasai and Samburu , it is not possible for beef to be the culprit behind these modern epidemics .
This , of course , points the finger squarely at the other dietary factors as the most likely causes .
Myth # 10 : Soy products are adequate substitutes for meat and dairy products .
It is typical for vegans and vegetarians in the Western world to rely on various soy products for their protein needs .
There is little doubt that the billion - dollar soy industry has profited immensely from the anti-cholesterol , anti-meat gospel of current nutritional thought .
Whereas , not so long ago , soy was an Asian food primarily used as a condiment , now a variety of processed soy products proliferate in the North American market .
While the traditionally fermented soy foods of miso , tamari , tempeh and natto are definitely healthful in measured amounts , the hyper - processed soy “ foods ” that most vegetarians consume are not .
Non-fermented soybeans and foods made with them are high in phytic acid ( 110 ) , an anti-nutrient that binds to minerals in the digestive tract and carries them out of the body .
Vegetarians are known for their tendencies to mineral deficiencies , especially of zinc ( 111 ) and it is the high phytate content of grain and legume based diets that is to blame ( 112 ) .
Though several traditional food preparation techniques such as soaking , sprouting , and fermenting can significantly reduce the phytate content of grains and legumes ( 113 ) , such methods are not commonly known about or used by modern peoples , including vegetarians .
This places them ( and others who eat a diet rich in whole grains ) at a greater risk for mineral deficiencies .
Processed soy foods are also rich in trypsin inhibitors , which hinder protein digestion .
Textured vegetable protein ( TVP ) , soy “ milk ” and soy protein powders , popular vegetarian meat and milk substitutes , are entirely fragmented foods made by treating soybeans with high heat and various alkaline washes to extract the beans ’ fat content or to neutralize their potent enzyme inhibitors ( 110 ) .
These practices completely denature the beans ’ protein content , rendering it very hard to digest .
MSG , a neurotoxin , is routinely added to TVP to make it taste like the various foods it imitates ( 114 ) .
On a purely nutritional level , soybeans , like all legumes , are deficient in cysteine and methionine , vital sulphur - containing amino acids , as well as tryptophan , another essential amino acid .
Furthermore , soybeans contain no vitamins A or D , required by the body to assimilate and utilize the beans ’ proteins ( 115 ) .
It is probably for this reason that Asian cultures that do consume soybeans usually combine them with fish or fish broths ( abundant in fat - soluble vitamins ) or other fatty foods .
Parents who feed their children soy - based formula should be aware of its extremely high phytoestrogen content .
Some scientists have estimated a child being fed soy formula is ingesting the hormonal equivalent of five birth control pills a day ( 116 ) .
Such a high intake could have disastrous results .
Soy formula also contains no cholesterol , vital for brain and nervous system development .
Though research is still ongoing , some recent studies have indicated that soy ’s phytoestrogens could be causative factors in some forms of breast cancer ( 117 ) , penile birth defects ( 118 ) , and infantile leukemia ( 119 ) .
Regardless , soy ’s phytoestrogens , or isoflavones , have been definitely shown to depress thyroid function ( 120 ) and to cause infertility in every animal species studied so far ( 121 ) .
Clearly , modern soy products and isolated isoflavone supplements are not healthy foods for vegetarians , vegans , or anyone else , yet these are the very ones that are most consumed .
Myth # 11 : The human body is not designed for meat consumption .
Some vegetarian groups claim that since humans possess grinding teeth like herbivorous animals and longer intestines than carnivorous animals , this proves the human body is better suited for vegetarianism ( 122 ) .
This argument fails to note several human physiological features which clearly indicate a design for animal product consumption .
First and foremost is our stomach ’s production of hydrochloric acid , something not found in herbivores .
HCL activates protein - splitting enzymes .
Further , the human pancreas manufactures a full range of digestive enzymes to handle a wide variety of foods , both animal and vegetable .
Further , Dr. Walter Voegtlin ’s in - depth comparison of the human digestive system with that of the dog , a carnivore , and a sheep , a herbivore , clearly shows that we are closer in anatomy to the carnivorous dog than the herbivorous sheep .
( 123 )
While humans may have longer intestines than animal carnivores , they are not as long as herbivores ; nor do we possess multiple stomachs like many herbivores , nor do we chew cud .
Our physiology definitely indicates a mixed feeder , or an omnivore , much the same as our relatives , the mountain gorilla and chimpanzee who all have been observed eating small animals and , in some cases , other primates ( 124 ) .
Myth # 12 : Eating animal flesh causes violent , aggressive behavior in humans .
Some authorities on vegetarian diet , such as Dr Rudolph Ballantine ( 125 ) , claim that the fear and terror ( if any , see myth # 15 ) an animal experiences at death is somehow “ transferred ” into its flesh and organs and “ becomes ” a part of the person who eats it .
In addition to the fact that no scientific studies exist to support such a theory , these thinkers would do well to remember the fact that a tendency to irrational anger is a symptom of low vitamin B 12 levels which , as we have seen , are common in vegans and vegetarians .
Furthermore , in his travels , Dr Price always noted the extreme happiness and ingratiating natures of the peoples he encountered , all of whom were meat - eaters .
Myth # 13 : Animal products contain numerous , harmful toxins .
A recent vegetarian newsletter claimed the following :
Most people do n’t realize that meat products are loaded with poisons and toxins !
Meat , fish and eggs all decompose and putrefy extremely rapidly .
As soon as an animal is killed , self - destruct enzymes are released , causing the formation of denatured substances called ptyloamines , which cause cancer .
( 126 )
This article then went on to mention “ mad cow disease ” ( BSE ) , parasites , salmonella , hormones , nitrates and pesticides as toxins in animal products .
If meat , fish and eggs do indeed generate cancerous “ ptyloamines , ” it is very strange that people have not been dying in droves from cancer for the past million years .
Such sensationalistic and nonsensical claims cannot be supported by historical facts .
Hormones , nitrates and pesticides are present in commercially raised animal products ( as well as commercially raised fruits , grains and vegetables ) and are definitely things to be concerned about .
However , one can avoid these chemicals by taking care to consume range - fed , organic meats , eggs and dairy products which do not contain harmful , man -made toxins .
Parasites are easily avoided by taking normal precautions in food preparations .
Pickling or fermenting meats , as is custom in traditional societies , always protects against parasites .
In his travels , Dr Price always found healthy , disease - free and parasite - free peoples eating raw meat and dairy products as part of their diets .
Similarly , Dr Francis Pottenger , in his experiments with cats , demonstrated that the healthiest , happiest cats were the ones on the all - raw - food diet .
The cats eating cooked meats and pasteurized milk sickened and died and had numerous parasites ( 127 ) .
Salmonella can be transmitted by plant products as well as animal .
It is often claimed by vegetarians that meat is harmful to our bodies because ammonia is released from the breakdown of its proteins .
Although it is true that ammonia production does result from meat digestion , our bodies quickly convert this substance into harmless urea .
The alleged toxicity of meat is greatly exaggerated by vegetarians .
“ Mad Cow Disease , ” or Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( BSE ) , is most likely not caused by cows eating animal parts with their food , a feeding practice that has been done for over 100 years .
British organic farmer Mark Purdey has argued convincingly that cows that get Mad Cow Disease are the very ones that have had a particular organophosphate insecticide applied to their backs or have grazed on soils that lack magnesium but contain high levels of aluminum ( 128 ) .
Small outbreaks of “ mad cow disease ” have also occurred among people who reside near cement and chemical factories and in certain areas with volcanic soils ( 129 ) .
Purdey theorizes that the organophosphate pesticides got into the cows ’ fat through a spraying program , and then were ingested by the cows again with the animal part feeding .
Seen this way , it is the insecticides , via the parts feeding ( and not the parts themselves or their associated “ prions ” ) , that has caused this outbreak .
As noted before , cows have been eating ground up animal parts in their feeds for over 100 years .
It was never a problem before the introduction of these particular insecticides .
Recently , Purdey has gained support from Dr. Donald Brown , a British biochemist who has also argued for a non-infectious cause of BSE .
Brown attributes BSE to environmental toxins , specifically manganese overload ( 130 ) .
Myth # 14 : Eating meat or animal products is less “ spiritual ” than eating only plant foods .
It is often claimed that those who eat meat or animal products are somehow less “ spiritually evolved ” than those who do not .
Though this is not a nutritional or academic issue , those who do include animal products in their diet are often made to feel inferior in some way .
This issue , therefore , is worth addressing .
Several world religions place no restrictions on animal consumption ; and nor did their founders .
The Jews eat lamb at their most holy festival , the Passover .
Muslims also celebrate Ramadan with lamb before entering into their fast .
Jesus Christ , like other Jews , partook of meat at the Last Supper ( according to the canonical Gospels ) .
It is true that some forms of Buddhism do place strictures on meat consumption , but dairy products are always allowed .
Similar tenets are found in Hinduism .
As part of the Samhain celebration , Celtic pagans would slaughter the weaker animals of the herds and cure their meat for the oncoming winter .
It is not true , therefore , that eating animal foods is always connected with “ spiritual inferiority ” .
Nevertheless , it is often claimed that , since eating meat involves the taking of a life , it is somehow tantamount to murder .
Leaving aside the religious philosophies that often permeate this issue , what appears to be at hand is a misunderstanding of the life force and how it works .
Modern peoples ( vegetarian and non-vegetarian ) have lost touch with what it takes to survive in our world –something native peoples never lose sight of .
We do not necessarily hunt or clean our meats : we purchase steaks and chops at the supermarket .
We do not necessarily toil in rice paddies : we buy bags of brown rice ; and so forth , and so on .
When Native Americans killed a game animal for food , they would routinely offer a prayer of thanks to the animal ’s spirit for giving its life so that they could live .
In our world , life feeds off life .
Destruction is always balanced with generation .
This is a good thing : unchecked , the life force becomes cancerous .
If animal food consumption is viewed in this manner , it is hardly murder , but sacrifice .
Modern peoples would do well to remember this .
Myth # 15 : Eating animal foods is inhumane .
Without question , some commercially raised livestock live in deplorable conditions where sickness and suffering are common .
In countries like Korea , food animals such as dogs are sometimes killed in horrific ways , e.g. , beaten to death with a club .
Our recommendations for animal foods consumption most definitely do not endorse such practices .
As noted in our discussion of myth # 1 , commercial farming of livestock results in an unhealthy food product , whether that product be meat , milk , butter , cream or eggs .
Our ancestors did not consume such substandard foodstuffs , and neither should we .
It is possible to raise animals humanely .
This is why organic , preferably Biodynamic , farming is to be encouraged : it is cleaner and more efficient , and produces healthier animals and foodstuffs from those animals .
Each person should make every effort , then , to purchase organically raised livestock ( and plant foods ) .
Not only does this better support our bodies , as organic foods are more nutrient - dense ( 131 ) and are free from hormone and pesticide residues , but this also supports smaller farms and is therefore better for the economy ( 132 ) .
Nevertheless , many people have philosophical problems with eating animal flesh , and these sentiments must be respected .
Dairy products and eggs , though , are not the result of an animal ’s death and are fine alternatives for these people .
It should also not be forgotten that agriculture , which involves both the clearance of land to plant crops and the protection and maintenance of those crops , results in many animal deaths ( 133 ) .
The belief , therefore , that “ becoming vegetarians ” will somehow spare animals from dying is one with no foundation in fact .
The Value of Vegetarianism
As a cleansing diet , vegetarianism is sometimes a good choice .
Several health conditions ( e.g. , gout ) can often be ameliorated by a temporary reduction in animal products with an increase of plant foods .
But such measures must not be continuous throughout life : there are vital nutrients found only in animal foods that we must ingest for optimal health .
Furthermore , there is no one diet that will work for every person .
Some vegetarians and vegans , in their zeal to get converts , are blind to this biochemical fact .
“ Biochemical individuality ” is a subject worth clarifying .
Coined by nutritional biochemist Roger Williams , PhD , the term refers to the fact that different people require different nutrients based on their unique genetic make - up .
Ethnic and racial background figure in this concept as well .
A diet that works for one may not work as well for someone else .
As a practitioner , I ’ve seen several clients following a vegetarian diet with severe health problems : obesity , candidiasis , hypothyroidism , cancer , diabetes , leaky gut syndrome , anemia and chronic fatigue .
Because of the widespread rhetoric that a vegetarian diet is “ always healthier ” than a diet that includes meat or animal products , these people saw no reason to change their diet , even though that was the cause of their problems .
What these people actually needed for optimal health was more animal foods and fats and fewer carbohydrates .
Further , due to peculiarities in genetics and individual biochemistry , some people simply cannot do a vegetarian diet because of such things as lectin intolerance and desaturating enzyme deficiencies .
Lectins present in legumes , a prominent feature of vegetarian diets , are not tolerated by many people .
Others have grain sensitivities , especially to gluten , or to grain proteins in general .
Again , since grains are a major feature of vegetarian diets , such people cannot thrive on them .
( 134 )
Desaturase enzyme deficiencies are usually present in those people of Innuit , Scandinavian , Northern European , and sea coast ancestry .
They lack the ability to convert alpha- linolenic acid into EPA and DHA , two omega - 3 fatty acids intimately involved in the function of the immune and nervous systems .
The reason for this is because these people ’s ancestors got an abundance of EPA and DHA from the large amounts of cold - water fish they ate .
Over time , because of non-use , they lost the ability to manufacture the necessary enzymes to create EPA and DHA in their bodies .
For these people , vegetarianism is simply not possible .
They MUST get their EPA and DHA from food and EPA is only found in animal foods .
DHA is present in some algae , but the amounts are much lower than in fish oils .
( 135 )
It is also apparent that vegan diets are not suitable for all people due to inadequate cholesterol production in the liver and cholesterol is only found in animal foods .
It is often said that the body makes enough cholesterol to get by and that there is no reason to consume foods that contain it ( animal foods ) .
Recent research , however , has shown otherwise .
Singer ’s work at the University of California , Berkeley , has shown that the cholesterol in eggs improves memory in older people ( 136 ) .
In other words , these elderly people ’s own cholesterol was insufficient to improve their memory , but added dietary cholesterol from eggs was .
Though it appears that some people do well on little or no meat and remain healthy as lacto - vegetarians or lacto - ovo - vegetarians , the reason for this is because these diets are healthier for those people , not because they ’re healthier in general .
However , a total absence of animal products , whether meat , fish , insects , eggs , butter or dairy , is to be avoided .
Though it may take years , problems will eventually ensue under such dietary regimes and they will certainly show in future generations .
Dr. Price ’s seminal research unequivocally demonstrated this .
The reason for this is simple evolution : humanity evolved eating animal foods and fats as part of its diet , and our bodies are suited and accustomed to them .
One can not change evolution in a few years .
Dr. Abrams said it well when he wrote :
Humans have always been meat - eaters .
The fact that no human society is entirely vegetarian , and those that are almost entirely vegetarian suffer from debilitated conditions of health , seems unequivocally to prove that a plant diet must be supplemented with at least a minimum amount of animal protein to sustain health .
Humans are meat - eaters and always have been .
Humans are also vegetable eaters and always have been , but plant foods must be supplemented by an ample amount of animal protein to maintain optimal health .
( 137 )
Author ’s Notes :
The author would like to thank Sally Fallon , MA ; Lee Clifford , MS , CCN ; and Dr. H. Leon Abrams , Jr. , for their gracious assistance in preparing and reviewing this paper .
This paper was not sponsored or paid for by the meat or dairy industries .
Recommended Further Reading :
References
1. ( a ) S Fallon and M Enig .
Nourishing Traditions , ( New Trends Publishing ; Washington , D.C. ) , 2000 , 5 ; ( b ) Breeds of Livestock .
Oklahoma State University , Department of Animal Science .
2. Breeds of Livestock .
Oklahoma State University , Department of Animal Science .
3. W Bender and M Smith .
Population , Food , and Nutrition .
Population Reference Bureau;1997 .
4. B Carnell .
Could vegetarianism prevent world hunger ?.
Accessed on January 3 , 2002 .
5. M Purdey .
The Vegan Ecological Wasteland .
Journal of the Price - Pottenger Nutrition Foundation [ hereafter referred to as Jnl of PPNF ] , Winter 1998 .
6. Ibid .
7. R Audette with T Gilchrist .
Neanderthin . ( St. Martins ; NY ) , 1999 , 200 -2 .
8. S Fallon and M Enig , Nourishing Traditions , 6 .
9. M Purdey , op cit .
10 . Ibid .
11 . ( a ) L Dunne .
The Nutrition Almanac , 3rd ed. ( McGraw Hill ; New York ) , 32-33 ; ( b ) AL Rauma and others .
Vitamin B - 12 status of long - term adherents of a strict uncooked vegan diet ( “ living food diet ” ) is compromised .
J Nutr , 1995 , 125:2511 - 5 ; c ) MG
Crane and others .
Vitamin B12 studies in total vegetarians ( vegans ) .
J Nutr Med , 1994 , 4:419-30 ; ( d) I Chanarin and others .
Megaloblastic anaemia in a vegetarian Hindu community .
Lancet , 1985 , Nov 2:1168-72 ; ( e ) M Donaldson .
Vitamin B12 and the Hallelujah Diet .( f ) MS Donaldson .
Metabolic vitamin B12 status on a mostly raw vegan diet with follow - up using tablets , nutritional yeast , or probiotic supplements .
Ann Nutr Metab , 2000 , 44(5-6):229-234
12 . ( a ) S Ashkenazi and others .
Vitamin B12 deficiency due to a strictly vegetarian diet in adolescence .
Clin Pediatr , 1987 , 26:662-3 ; ( b ) G Cheron and others .
[ Severe megaloblastic anemia in 6 - month old girl breast - fed by a vegetarian mother . ]
Arch Fr Pediatr , 1989 , 46:205-7 ; c ) T Kuhne and others .
Maternal vegan diet causing a serious infantile neurological disorder due to vitamin B12 deficiency .
Eur J Pediatr , 1991 , 150:205-8 ; ( d ) MC Wighton and others .
Brain damage in infancy and dietary vitamin B12 deficiency .
Med J Aust , 1979 , 2:1-3 .
13 . ( a ) PC Dagnelie and others .
Vitamin B12 from algae appears not to be bioavailable .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1991 , 53:695-7 ; ( b ) L Lazarides .
The Nutritional Health Bible . ( Thorsons Publishing ; CA ) , 1997 , 22 - 23 ; c ) V Herbert .
Vitamin B12 : plant sources , requirements , and assay .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1988 , 48:852-8 .
14 . ( a ) IE Baille .
The first international congress on vegetarian nutrition .
J Appl Nutr , 1987 , 39:97-105 ; ( b ) A Smith .
Soybeans : Chemistry & Technology , vol 1 ( Avi Publishing Co ; CT ) , 1972 , 184-188 .
15 . L Dunne . Nutrition Almanac , 22 - 23 .
16 . ( a ) HL Abrams .
Vegetarianism : An Anthropological / Nutritional Evaluation , J Appl Nutr , 1980 , 32:2:53 - 87 ; ( b ) M Rose .
Serum cholesterol and triglyceride levels in Australian adolescent vegetarians .
Lancet , 1976 , 2:87 .
17 . ( a ) L Dunne .
Nutrition Almanac , 31 ; ( b ) J Groff and S Gropper . Advanced Nutrition and Human Metabolism , Third Edition .
( Wadsworth / Thomson Learning ; CA. ) , 1999 , 298 .
18 . WA Price .
Nutrition and Physical Degeneration .
( Keats Publishing ; CT. ) , 1989 , 256-281 .
On page 279 , Price stated that , “ It will be noted that vitamin D , which the human does not readily synthesize in adequate amounts , must be provided by foods of animal tissues or animal products .
As yet I have not found a single group of primitive racial stock which was building and maintaining excellent bodies by living entirely on plant foods . ”
19 . RL Horst and others .
Discrimination in the metabolism of orally dosed ergocalciferol and cholecalciferol by the pig , rat , and chick .
Biochem J , 1982 , Apr 20:4:185-9 .
20 . Krispin Sullivan , CN , personal communication on January 3 , 2002 .
21 . ( a ) H Glerup and others .
Commonly recommended daily intake of vitamin D is not sufficient if sunlight exposure is limited .
J Int Med , 2000 , 247:260-8 ; ( b ) BL Diffey .
Solar ultraviolet radiation effects on biological systems .
Phys Med Biol , 1991 , 36:299-328 .
22 . ( a ) K Sullivan .
The Miracle of Vitamin D. Wise Traditions , 2000 , 3:11 - 20 ; ( b ) RM Sayre and others .
Vitamin D production by natural and artificial sources .
Photo Medical Society Meeting , 1998 , March 1 –Conference Proceeding .
23 . ( a ) Sullivan , op cit. ; ( b ) LY Matsuoka and others .
In vivo threshold for cutaneous synthesis of vitamin D3 in skin .
Nutr Rev , 1989 , 47:252-3 .
24 . Price , op cit , 256 - 281 .
25 . R Vieth .
Vitamin D supplementation , 25 - hydroxyvitamin D concentrations , and safety .
Am J Clin Nutr , 1999 , 69:842-56 .
26 . ( a ) M. Hellebostad and others .
Vitamin D deficiency rickets and vitamin B12 deficiency in vegetarian children .
Acta Paediatr Scand , 1985 , 74:191-5 ; ( b ) E. Zmora and others .
Multiple nutritional deficiencies in infants from a strict vegetarian community .
Am J Dis Child .
1979 , 133(2) :141-4 ; c ) ED Shinwell , R. Gorodischer .
Totally vegetarian diets and infant nutrition .
Pediatrics , 1982 , 70( 4) :582-6 ; ( d ) P Millett and others .
Nutrient intake and vitamin status of healthy French vegetarians and nonvegetarians .
Am J Clin Nutr , 1989 , Oct 50:718 - 27 ; ( e ) C Lamberg - Allardt and others .
Low serum 25 - hydroxyvitamin D concentrations and secondary hyperparathyroidism in middle - aged white strict vegetarians .
Am J Clin Nutr , 1993 , Nov 58:684-9 ; ( e ) T Outila and others .
Dietary intake of vitamin D in premenopausal , healthy vegans was insufficient to maintain concentrations of serum 25 - hydroxyvitamin D and intact parathyroid hormone within normal ranges during the winter in Finland .
J Am Diet Assoc , 2000 , 100:434-41 .
27 . J Groff and S Gropper , op cit , 317 .
28 . ( a ) Dunne , op cit. , 14 ; ( b ) S Fallon .
Vitamin A Vagary .
Jnl of PPNF , Summer 1995 .
( See also updated article , Vitamin A Saga ) ; c) I Jennings .
Vitamins in Endocrine Metabolism .
( Charles Thomas ; London ) , 1970 , 39 - 57 .
29 . ( a ) I Jennings , op cit. , 39 - 57 ; ( b ) J Groff and S Gropper , op cit , 323-6 .
30 . WA Price , op cit .
31 . ( a ) G Mann .
Atherosclerosis and the Masai .
Amer J Epidem , 1972 , 95:6-37 ; ( b ) Diet and disease among the milk and meat eating Masai warriors of Tanganyika .
Food Nutr , 1963 , 24:104 .
32 . ( a ) H Spencer and L Kramer .
Factors contributing to osteoporosis .
J Nutr , 1986 , 116:316-319 ; ( b ) Further studies of the effect of a high protein diet as meat on calcium metabolism .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1983 , 924-929 ; c)
Do protein and phosphorus cause calcium loss ?
J Nutr , 1988 , 118(6):657-60 .
33 . ( a ) RG Munger and others .
Prospective study of dietary protein intake and risk of hip fracture in postmenopausal women .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1999 , 69:1:147-52 ; ( b ) MT Hannan and others .
Effect of dietary protein on bone loss in elderly men and women : The Framingham Osteoporosis Study .
J Bone & Min Res , 2000 , 15:2504-2512 ; c ) C. Cooper , and others .
Dietary protein and bone mass in women .
Calcif Tiss Int , 1996 , 58:320-5 .
34 . ( a ) JF
Chiu and others .
Long - term vegetarian diet and bone mineral density in postmenopausal Taiwanese women .
Calcif Tiss Int , 1997 , 60:245-9 ; ( b ) EM Lau , T Kwok , J Woo , and others .
Bone mineral density in Chinese elderly female vegetarians , vegans , lacto - vegetarians and omnivores .
Eur J Clin Nutr , 1998 , 52:60 - 4 .
35 . J. Dwyer and others .
Diet , indicators of kidney disease , and late mortality among older persons in the NHANES I Epidemiologic Follow - up Study .
Amer J of Pub Health , 1994 , 84 : ( 8 ) : 1299-1303 .
36 . ( a ) V Rattan and others .
Effect of combined supplementation of magnesium oxide and pyrodoxine in calcium - oxalate stone formers .
Urol Res , 1994 , 22(3) :161-5 ; ( b ) NJ Blacklock .
Sucrose and idiopathic renal stone .
Nutr Health , 1987 , 5 ( 1 ) : 9 -17 .
37 . ( a ) S Renauld and M DeLorgeril .
Wine , alcohol , platelets , and the French paradox for heart disease .
Lancet , 1992 , 339:1523 - 6. ; ( b ) TLV Ulbright and DAT Southgate .
Coronary heart disease : seven dietary factors .
Lancet , 1991 , 338:985-992 ; ( c ) L Serra -Majem and others .
How could changes in diet explain changes in coronary heart disease ?
The Spanish Paradox .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1995 , 61:1351S -9S .
38 . ( a ) W Willett and others .
New Eng J Med , December 13 , 1990 , 323:1664 -72 ; ( b ) E Giovannucci and others .
Can Res , 1994 , 54:(9) :2390 - 7 .
39 . EL Wynder and others .
J Natl Can Inst , 1975 , 54:7 .
40 . MG Enig .
Know Your Fats : The Complete Primer for Understanding the Nutrition of Fats , Oils , and Cholesterol .
( Bethesda Press ; MD. ) , 2000 , 84 -85 .
41 . M Gaard and others .
Dietary factors and risk of colon cancer : a prospective study of 50,535 young Norwegian men and women .
Eur J Cancer Prev , 1996 , 5:445-54 .
42 . ( a ) E de Stefani and others .
Meat intake , heterocyclic amines , and risk of breast cancer : a case - control study in Uruguay .
Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev , 1997,6:573-81 ; ( b ) M Gaard and others .
Dietary factors and risk of colon cancer : a prospective study of 50,535 young Norwegian men and women .
Eur J Cancer Prev , 1996 , 5:445-454 .
43 . D. Forman .
Meat and cancer : a relation in search of a mechanism .
The Lancet , 1999 , 353:686-7 ; JS
Baghurst and others .
Does red meat cause cancer ?
Aust J Nutr Diet , 1997 , 54( 4 ) :S1 - S44 .
44 . ( a ) HL Abrams .
Vegetarianism : another view , in The Cambridge World History of Food .
K Kiple and K Ornelas , editors .
( Cambridge University Press ; UK ) , 2000 , vol. 2 , 1567 ; ( b ) J Dwyer .
Vegetarianism .
Contemporary Nutr , 1979 , 4:1-2 .
45 . JL Lyon and others .
Cancer incidence in Mormons and non-Mormons in Utah , 1966 - 1970 .
New Eng J Med , 1976 , 294:129 .
46 . MG Enig and others .
Dietary fat and cancer trends–a critique .
Fed Proc , 1978 , 37:2215 .
47 . ( a ) Ibid . ; ( b ) K Erikson and NE Hubbard .
Dietary fat and tumor metastasis .
Nutr Rev , 1990 , 48:6 - 14 .
48 . J Mills and others .
Cancer - incidence among California Seventh - day Adventists , 1976 - 1982 .
Am J Clin Nutr , 1994 , 59 ( suppl ) : 1136S - 42S ; see also RL Phillips .
Canc Res , 1975 , 35:3513-3522 which showed that Seventh Day Adventist physicians had higher colon cancer rates than the general population .
49 . ( a ) S. Francheschi and others .
Intake of macronutrients and risk of breast cancer .
Lancet , 1996 , 347:1351 -6 ; ( b ) W.J. Lutz .
The colonisation of Europe and our Western diseases .
Med Hypotheses , 1995 , 45:115-120 ; ( c ) J. Witte and others .
Diet and premenopausal bilateral breast cancer : a case control study .
Breast Canc Res & Treat , 1997 , 42:243-251 ; ( d ) S. Francheschi and others .
Food groups and risk of colo-rectal cancer in Italy .
Inter J Canc , 1997 , 72:56 -61 ; ( e ) S Seely , and others .
Diet Related Diseases –The Modern Epidemic ( AVI Publishing ; CT ) , 1985 , 190-200 ; ( f ) V. Stefansson .
Cancer : Disease of Civilization .
( Hill and Wang ; NY ) , 1960 .
In this book , Stefansson reported on a presentation made by Stanislaw Tanchou in 1843 to the Paris Medical Society wherein he linked increasing grain consumption with increased cancer rates in major European cities at the time .
50 . ( a ) J Yudkin .
Sweet and Dangerous ( Bantam Books ; NY ) , 1972 , 85-102 ; ( b ) L Pauling .
How to Live Longer and Feel Better , ( Avon Books , New York ) , 1985 ; ( c ) A Hoffer and M Walker , Putting It All Together : The New Orthomolecular Nutrition , ( Keats Publishing , CT ) , 1995 , 82 - 84 ; ( d ) R Smith and E Pinckney .
The Cholesterol Conspiracy .
( Warren Greene , Inc ; IL ) , 1991 ; ( e ) G Mann ( ed ) .
Coronary Heart Disease : The Dietary Sense and Nonsense ( Veritas Society ; London ) , 1993 ; ( f ) MG Enig .
Know Your Fats ( Bethesda Press ; MD ) , 2000 , 76 - 80 ; g ) U. Ravnskov .
The Cholesterol Myths .
( New Trends Publishing ; Washington , DC ) , 2000 ; ( h ) WE Stehbens .
Coronary heart disease , hypercholesterolemia , and atherosclerosis .
I . False premises .
Exp Mol Pathol , 2001 , Apr;70 ( 2) :103-19 .
( i ) WE Stehbens .
Coronary heart disease , hypercholesterolemia , and atherosclerosis .
II .
Misrepresented data .
Exp Mol Pathol , 2001 , Apr;70 (2):120-39 .
51 . CV Felton and others .
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and composition of human aortic plaques .
Lancet , 1994 , 344:1195 .
52 . ( a ) GV Mann , Metabolic consequences of dietary trans - fatty acids .
Lancet , 1994 , 343:1268-71 ; ( b ) MG Enig and others .
Dietary fat and cancer trends–a critique .
Fed Proc , 1978 , 37:2215 ; ( c ) F Kummerow .
Nutritional effects of isomeric fats .
Dietary Fats and Health , Horisberger and Bracco , eds. ( Amer Oil Chem Soc ; IL ) , 1983 , 391-402 ; ( d ) CM Oomen and others .
Association between trans fatty acid intake and 10 - year risk of coronary heart disease in the Zutphen Elderly Study : a prospective population - based study .
Lancet 2001 Mar 10 357:9258 746-51 .
53 . A Wolk and others .
A prospective study of the association of monounsaturated fat and other types of fat with risk of breast cancer .
Arch of Inter Med,1998 , 158:41 .
54 . W Castelli .
Arch Int Med , 1992 , 152:7:1371 -2 .
55 . H Hubert and others .
Circulation , 1983 , 67:968 .
56 . Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial : Risk factor changes and mortality results .
J Amer Med Assoc , 1982 , 248:12:1465 .
57 . ( a ) The Lipid Research Clinics Coronary Primary Prevention Trial Results .
I. Reduction in incidence of coronary heart disease .
J Amer Med Assoc , 1984 , 251:359 ; ( b ) BA Golomb .
Choletserol and violence :
Is there a connection ?
Ann Int Med , 1998 , 128:478-87 ; ( c ) MF Muldoon and others .
Lowering cholesterol concentrations and mortality : A quantitative review of primary prevention trials .
Brit Med J , 1990 , 301:309 - 14 ; ( d) GN Stemmermann and others .
Serum cholesterol and colon cancer incidence in Hawaiian Japanese men.
J National Canc Inst , 1981 , 67:1179 - 82 ; ( e ) DL Morris and others .
Serum cholesterol and cancer in the hypertension detection and followup program .
Cancer , 1983 , 52:1754 - 9 ; ( f ) SJ Winawer and others .
Declining serum cholesterol levels prior to diagnosis of colon cancer .
A time - trend , case - control study .
J Amer Med Assoc , 1990 , 263:2083 -5 .
58 . ( a ) D Jacobs and others .
Report of the conference on low blood cholesterol .
Circulation , 1992 , 86:3:1046-60 ; ( b ) B Forette and others .
Cholesterol as risk factor for mortality in older women .
Lancet , 1989 , 868-870 .
59 . IJ Schatz and others .
Cholesterol and all - cause mortality in elderly people from the Honolulu Heart program : a cohort study .
Lancet , 2001 , 358 : 351-55 .
60 . ( a ) G Kerr .
Babies who eat no animal protein fail to grow at normal rate .
J Amer Med Assoc , 1974 , 228:675-6 ; ( b ) D Erhard .
The New Vegetarians , part one .
Nutr Today , 1973 , 8:4-12 ; ( c ) MM Smith and F Lifshitz .
Pediatrics , 1994 , 93:3:438-443 ; ( d ) MJ lentze .
[ Vegetarian and outsider diets in childhood . ]
Schweiz Rundsch Med Prax , 1992 , Feb 25;81 ( 9) :254-8 .
61 . ( a ) MG Enig .
Know Your Fats , 114-115 ; ( b ) MG Enig .
Lauric oils as antimicrobial agents : theory of effect , scientific rationale , and dietary application as adjunct nutritional support for HIV - infected individuals , in Nutrients and Foods in AIDS , RR Watson , editor , ( CRC Press ; FL. ) , 1999 , 81 -97 .
62 . S Fallon and M Enig .
Nourishing Traditions , 15 - 18 .
63 . ( a ) ML Garg and others .
FASEB J , 1988 , 2:4:A852 ; ( b ) RM Oliart Ros and others .
Meeting Abstracts .
American Oil Chemists Society Proceedings , May 1998 , Chicago , IL .
64 . ( a ) GH Dahlen and others .
J Intern Med , Nov 1998 , 244(5):417-24 ; ( b ) P Khosla P and KC Hayes .
J Am Coll Nutr , 1996 , 15:325-339 ; c ) BA Clevidence and others .
Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol , 1997 , 17:1657 -61 .
65 . BA Watkins and others .
Importance of Vitamin E in Bone Formation and in Chondrocyte Function .
Purdue University , Lafayette , IN , ACOS Proceedings , 1996 ; BA Watkins and MF Seifert .
Food Lipids and Bone Health , in Food Lipids and Health , RE McDonald and DB Min , eds , ( Marcel Dekker , Inc. ; NY ) , 1996 .
66 . JJ Kabara .
The Pharmacological Effects of Lipids ( American Oil Chemists Society ; IL ) , 1978 , 1 - 14 .
67 . LD Lawson and F Kummerow .
Lipids , 1979 , 14:501-503 ; ML Garg .
Lipids , 1989 , 24:334-9 .
68 . ( a ) S Fallon and M Enig .
Nourishing Traditions , 11 ; ( b ) RB Alfin-Slater and L Aftergood .
Lipids , in Modern Nutrition in Health and Disease , 6th ed. RS Goodhart and ME Shils , eds. ( Lea and Febiger ; PA ) , 1980 , 134 .
69 . HC McGill and others .
Lab Inves , 1968 , 18:( 5):498 .
70 . ( a ) D. Groom and others .
Ann Int Med , July 1961 , 55:1:51 - 62 ; ( b ) WF Enos and others .
J Amer Med Assoc , 1955 , 158:912 ; ( c ) W Laurie and others .
Lancet , Feb 1958 , 231-232 ; ( d ) WB Robertson .
Lancet , 1959 , 1:444 ; ( e ) T Gordon .
Pul Health Rep , 1957 , 51:270 ; ( f ) OJ Pollack .
Lancet , 1959 , 1:444 .
71 . Ellis , Path , Montegriffo .
Veganism : Clinical findings and investigations .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1970 , 32:249-255 .
72 . EA Enas .
Coronary artery disease epidemic in Indians : a cause for alarm and call for action .
J Indian Med Assoc 2000 Nov;98( 11):694-5 , 697-702 .
73 . ( a ) F. Jeppesen and others .
Effects of low - fat , high - carbohydrate diets on risk factors for ischemic heart disease in post - menopausal women .
Am Jnl Clin Nutr , 1997 ; 65:1027 -1033 ; ( b ) I. Zavaroni and others .
Risk factors for coronary artery disease in healthy persons with hyperinsulinemia and normal glucose tolerance .
New Eng J Med , 1989 , Mar 16 , 320:11:702-6 ; c ) G. Reaven .
Syndrome “ X ” . Curr Treat Opt Cardio Med , 2001 , 3:4:323-332 ; ( d ) PJ Goodwin and others .
Prognostic effects of circulating insulin - like growth factor binding proteins ( IGFBPS ) 1 and 3 in operable breast cancer .
Program and abstracts of the 23rd Annual San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium ; abstract 118 , San Antonio , Texas , December 6 - 9 , 2000 .
74 . ( a ) Herrmann , Schorr , Purschwitz , Rassoul , Richter .
Total homocysteine , vitamin B ( 12 ) , and total antioxidant status in vegetarians .
Clin Chem , 2001 , 47(6) :1094 - 10 ; ( b ) D Mazzano and others .
Cardiovascular risk factors in vegetarians .
Normalization of hyperhomocysteinemia with vitamin B ( 12 ) and reduction of platelet aggregation with n - 3 fatty acids .
Thromb Res 2000 Nov 100:153-60 .
75 . ( a ) L Corr and M Oliver .
The low - fat / low cholesterol diet is ineffective .
Eur Heart J , 1997 , 18:18 - 22 ; ( b ) G Taubes .
The Soft Science of Dietary Fat. Science 2001 Mar 30 291:5513 2536-45 ; ( c ) DM Dreon and others .
A very - low - fat diet is not associated with improved lipoprotein profiles in men with a predominance of large , low - density lipoproteins .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1999 , 69:411-8 .
76 . ( a ) U Ravnskov .
The Cholesterol Myths , 47 - 113 , 79-80 ; ( b ) A Ascherio and others .
Dietary fat and risk of coronary heart disease in men .
Brit Med J , 1996 , 313:84-90 .
77 . B McConville .
The Parents ’ Green Guide . ( London : Pandora ) , 1990 .
78 . C Fitzroy .
The Great Fallacies of Vegetarianism .
Accessed on December 27 , 2001 .
79 . R Smith and E Pinckney .
Diet , Blood Cholesterol , and Coronary Heart Disease : A Critical Review of the Literature–vol .
2 . ( Vector Enterprises ; CA ) . , 1991 .
A shortened adaptation of Smith ’s section on vegetarianism and longevity was published in Jnl of PPNF , 1998 , 22:4 : 27-29 .
See also S Fallon and M Enig .
Wise Choices , Healthy Bodies .
Wise Traditions , 2000 , Winter , 15 - 21 .
80 . ML Burr and PM Sweetnam .
Vegetarianism , dietary fiber , and mortality .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1982 , 36:873 .
81 . HA Kahn and others .
Association between reported diet and all - cause mortality .
Amer J Epidem , 1984 , 119:775 .
82 . DA Snowden and others .
Meat consumption and fatal ischemic heart disease .
Prev Med , 1984 , 13:490 .
83 . R Smith and E Pinckney .
Diet , Blood Cholesterol , and Coronary Heart Disease : A Critical Review of the Literature–vol .
2 .
84 . WA Price .
Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , 163-187 .
85 . V. Stefansson .
The Fat of the Land , ( Macmillan ; NY ) , 1956 .
86 . ( a ) G.Z. Pitskhelauri .
The Long Living of Soviet Georgia .
( Human Sciences Press ; NY ) , 1982 ; ( b ) Thomas Moore .
Lifespan : What Really Affects Human Longevity ( Simon & Schuster ; NY ) , 1990 .
87 . HL Abrams .
The relevance of paleolithic diet in determining contemporary nutritional needs .
J Appl Nutr , 1979 , 31:1,2:43 -59 .
88 . HL Abrams .
Vegetarianism : An anthropological / nutritional evaluation .
J Appl Nutr , 1980 , 32:2:53 - 87 .
89 . WA Price .
Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , 23 - 44 , 129-163 .
90 . J Raloff .
High Fat Diets Help Athletes Perform .
Science News , 1996 , 149:18:287 .
91 . ( a ) L Cordain and others .
The paradoxical nature of hunter - gatherer diets : meat - based , yet non-atherogenic .
Eur J Clin Nutr , 2002 , 56 , Suppl 1 , S1 - S11 ; ( b ) S. Boyd Eaton with M Shostak and M Konner .
The Paleolithic Prescription : A Program of Diet & Exercise and a Design for Living , ( Harper & Row Publishing ; CA ) , 1986 .
92 . S Fallon and M Enig .
Guts and Grease : The Diet of Native Americans .
Wise Traditions , 2001 , Spring , 40 - 47 .
93 . DJ Stanford and JA Day , eds .
Ice Age Hunters of the Rockies .
( University Press of Colorado ; CO. ) , 1992 .
94 . S Fallon and MG Enig .
Caveman Cuisine .
Jnl of PPNF , 21:2:1-4 .
95 . USDA data , prepared by JL Wehrauch with technical assistance from J Borton and T Sampagna , presented as a reference table in S Fallon and M Enig , Guts and Grease : The Diet of Native Americans , op . cit .
96 . V Stefansson .
The Fat of the Land ( MacMillan Company ; NY ) , 1956 .
93 . ( a ) Ibid .
( b ) S Fallon and M Enig .
The Cave Man Diet .
Jnl of PPNF , 1997 , Summer .
97 . S Hearne .
The Journals of Samuel Hearne , 1768 .
98 . WA Price .
Nutrition and Physical Degeneration , 279 .
99 . ( a ) HL Abrams .
The Preference for Animal Protein and Fat : A Cross - Cultural Survey .
Food and Evolution : Toward a Theory of Human Food Habits .
M Harris and EB Ross , eds. ( Temple University Press ; PA ) , 1987 , 207-223 ; ( b ) HL Abrams .
The relevance of paleolithic diet in determining contemporary nutritional needs .
J Appl Nutr , 1979 , 31:1,2:43-59 ; ( c ) MN Cohen .
The Food Crisis in History .
( Yale University Press ; CT. ) , 1977 .
100 . ( a ) Ibid . ( b ) J Bronowski .
The Ascent of Man. ( Little , Brown ; MA. ) , 1972 ; ( c ) PS Martin .
Pleistocene Overkill .
Natural History , 1967 , 76:32 - 8 .
101 . ( a ) HL Abrams .
The Relevance of Paleolithic Diet in Determining Contemporary Nutritional Needs .
J Appl Nutr , 31:1 - 2 ( 1979 ) , 43 - 59 ; ( b) Susan Allport .
The Primal Feast .
( Harmony Books ; NY ) , 2000 ; ( c ) Human Skeletons in Human Society in Prehistoric Italy .
University of Southampton , Dept. of Archaeology .
Accessed on January 7 , 2002 .
102 . HL Abrams .
Fire and cooking as a major influence on human cultural advancement :
An anthropological / botanical nutritional perspective .
J Appl Nutr , 1986 , 38:1,2:24 -31 .
103 . WA House and RM Welch .
Effects of Natural Antinutrients on the Nutritive Value of Cereal Grains , Potato Tubers , and Legume Seeds .
Crops as Sources of Nutrients for Humans .
( American Society of Agronomy ; WI. ) , 1984 .
104 . S Rizek and others .
Fat in Today ’s Food Supply .
J Amer Oil Chem Soc , 1974 , 51:244 .
105 . MG Enig .
Trans Fatty Acids in the Food Supply : A Comprehensive Report Covering 60 Years of Research , 2nd edition .
( Enig Associates ; MD. ) , 1995 .
106 .
Rizek and others , op cit .
107 . CW Enns and others .
Trends in Food and Nutrient Intakes by Adults : NFCS 1977 - 78 , CSFII 1989 - 91 , and CFSII 1994 - 95 .
Fam Econom Nutr Rev , 1997 , 10:4:2-15 .
108 . ( a ) J Beasley and J Swift .
The Kellogg Report . ( Institute of Health policy and Practice ; NY ) , 1989 , 144-5 ; ( b ) J Yudkin and others .
Ann Nutr Metab , 1986 , 30:4:261-6 .
109 . ( a ) E.H. Tiney .
Proximate composition and mineral and phytate contents of legumes grown in Sudan .
J Food Comp Analy , 1989 , 2:67 - 78 ; ( b ) R Anderson and W Wolf .
Compositional changes in trypsin inhibitors , phytic acid , saponins , and isoflavones related to soybean processing .
J Nutr , 1995 , 518S - 588S .
110 . ( a ) A Bedarova and others .
[ Comparison of nutrient intake and corresponding biochemical parameters in adolescent vegetarians and non-vegetarians ] .
Cas Lek Cesk , 2000 , Jul 139:396-400 ; ( b ) JN Freeland - Graves and others .
Zinc status in vegetarians .
J Am Diet Assoc 1980 Dec 77:655-6 ; ( c ) AL Rauma and others .
Antioxidant status in vegetarians versus omnivores .
Nutrition 2000 Feb 16:111-9 ; ( d ) E Ginter and others .
[ Nutritional status in adults on an alternative or traditional diet ] .
Cas Lek Cesk , 2001 , Mar 140:142-6 ; ( e ) R Simoncic and others .
Influence of vegetarian and mixed nutrition on selected haematological and biochemical parameters in children .
Nahrung 1997 Oct 41:311 -4 ; ( f ) MR Lowik and others .
Long - term effects of a vegetarian diet on the nutritional status of elderly people ( Dutch Nutrition Surveillance System ) .
J Am Coll Nutr 1990 Dec 9:600-9 ; ( g ) RD Bhattacharya and others .
Copper and zinc level in biological samples from healthy subjects of vegetarian food habit in reference to community environment .
Chronobiologia , 1985 , Apr-Jun ; 12(2):145-153 ; ( h ) JR Hunt and others .
Zinc absorption , mineral balance , and blood lipids in women consuming controlled lactoovovegetarian and omnivorous diets for 8 wk .
Amer J Clin Nutr , 1998 , Mar;67(3):421-30 ; ( i ) M Krajcovicova -Kudlackova and others .
[ Nutritional risk factors of a vegetarian diet in adult lacto - ovo vegetarians ] .
Bratisl Lek Listy , 2000 , 101:38 - 43 .
111 . ( a ) BF Harland and others .
Nutritional status and phytate : zinc and phytate x calcium : zinc dietary molar ratios of lacto - ovo vegetarian Trappist monks : 10 years later .
J Am Diet Assoc 1988 ; 88 : 1562-6 ; ( b ) R Ellis .
Phytate : zinc and phytate X calcium : zinc millimolar ratios in self - selected diets of Americans , Asian Indians , and Nepalese .
J Am Diet Assoc , 1987 , 87:1043 -7 ; c ) RS Gibson .
Content and bioavailability of trace elements in vegetarian diets .
Am J Clin Nutr 1994 ; 59 ( 5 Suppl ) : 1223S-1232S .
112 . ( a ) AS Sandberg .
The effect of food processing on phytate hydrolysis and availability of iron and zinc .
Adv Exp Med Biol , 1991 , 289 : 499-508 ; ( b ) U Svanberg and A - S Sandberg .
Improved iron availability in weaning foods using germination and fermentation .
In : Nutrient Availability : Chemical and Biological Aspects .
Southgate DAT , Johnson IT , Fenwick GR , eds. ( Cambridge University Press ; UK ) , 1989 , 179-81 ; c ) Larsson M , Sandberg A - S. Phytate reduction in bread containing oat flour , oat bran or rye bran .
J Cereal Sci 1991 ; 14 : 141-9 .
113 . S Fallon and MG Enig .
Tragedy and Hype : The Third International Soy Symposium .
Townsend Letter for Doctors and Patients , 2000 , July and August .
114 . Ibid .
115 . L. Dunne .
The Nutrition Almanac , 3rd edition , 306 .
116 . M Fitzpatrick .
Soy Isoflavones : Panacea or Poison ?
Jnl of PPNF , Fall 1998 .
117 . ( a ) N L Petrakis and others .
Stimulatory influence of soy protein isolate on breast secretion in pre-and postmenopausal women .
Cancer Epid Bio Prev , 1996 , 5:785-794 ; ( b ) C Dees and others .
Dietary estrogens stimulate human breast cells to enter the cell cycle .
Env Health Perspec 1997 , 105 ( Suppl 3):633-636 .
118 . Vegetarian diet in pregnancy linked to birth defect .
Brit J Urology Int , January 2000 , 85:107-113 .
119 . T Abe .
Infantile leukemia and soybeans–a hypothesis .
Leukemia , 1999 , 13:317-20 .
120 . ( a ) Y Ishizuki and others .
The effects on the thyroid gland of soybeans administered experimentally in healthy subjects .
Nippon Naibunpi Gakkai Zasshi , 1991 , 767 : 622-629 ; ( b ) R L Divi and others .
Anti-thyroid isoflavones from the soybean .
Biochem Pharmac , 1997 , 54:1087 - 1096 .
121 . ( a ) K D R Setchell and others .
Dietary estrogens – a probable cause of infertility and liver disease in captive cheetahs .
Gastroenterology , 1987 , 93 : 225-233 ; ( b ) A S Leopold .
Phytoestrogens : Adverse effects on reproduction in California Quail .
Science , 1976 , 191:98 - 100 ; ( c ) HM Drane and others .
Oestrogenic activity of soya - bean products .
Food Cosm Tech , 1980 , 18 : 425-427 ; ( d ) S Kimura and others .
Development of malignant goiter by defatted soybean with iodine - free diet in rats .
Gann , 1976 , 67:763-765 ; ( e ) C Pelissero and others .
Estrogenic effect of dietary soy bean meal on vitellogenesis in cultured Siberian Sturgeon Acipenser baeri .
Gen Comp End 83:447-457 ; ( f ) Braden and others .
The oestrogenic activity and metabolism of certain isoflavones in sheep .
Australian J of Agric Res , 1967 , 18:335-348 .
122 . ( a ) Why Not Meat ?
( Part 2 ) , Down to Earth News , ( Honolulu ; HI ) , Dec / Jan 1998 , 1 - 4 ; ( b ) Rudolph Ballantine .
Transition to Vegetarianism .
( Himalayan Institute Press ; PA ) , 1994 .
123 . WL Voegtlin .
The Stone Age Diet . ( Vantage Press , Inc. ; NY ) , 1975 , 44 - 45 .
124 . ( a ) HL Abrams .
A diachronic preview of wheat in homonid nutrition .
J Appl Nutr , 1978 , 30:41 - 55 ;( b) J Goodall .
In the Shadow of Man. Boston : 1971 .
125 . R. Ballantine , op . cit .
126 . Why Not Meat ?
( Part 3 ) .
Down to Earth News , ( Honolulu ; HI ) .
Feb / March 1999 , 1 - 3 .
127 . F Pottenger , Pottenger ’s Cats–A Study in Nutrition .
( Price - Pottenger Nutrition Foundation , CA ) , 1997 .
128 . ( a ) M Purdey .
Are Organophosphate Pesticides Involved in the Causation of Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy ( BSE ) ?
J of Nutr Med , 1994 , 4:43 - 82 ; ( b ) Ecosystems supporting clusters of sporadic TSEs demonstrate excesses of the radical - generating divalent cation manganese and deficiencies of antioxidant co factors Cu , Se , Fe , Zn .
Does a foreign cation substitution at prion protein ’s Cu domain initiate TSE ?
Med Hypotheses 2000 Feb 54:2 278-306 ; ( c ) High - dose exposure to systemic phosmet insecticide modifies the phosphatidylinositol anchor on the prion protein : the origins of new variant transmissible spongiform encephalopathies ?
Med Hypotheses 1998 Feb 50:2 91-111 .
129 . Ibid .
130 . D Brown .
BSE did not cause variant CJD : an alternative cause related to post - industrial environmental contamination .
Med Hypotheses , 2001 , 57:5 .
131 . V Worthington .
Nutritional quality of organic versus conventional fruits , vegetables , and grains .
J Altern Comp Med , 2001 , 7:2:161-173 .
132 . S Fallon .
Nasty , Brutish , and Short ?
The Ecologist , February 1999 .
133 . R Audette .
Neanderthin , ( St. Martin ’s Press ; NY ) , 1999 , 194-5 .
134 . ( a ) K Sullivan .
The Lectin Report , accessed on January 2 , 2002 ; ( b ) DL Freed .
Do dietary lectins cause disease ?
Brit Med J , 1999 , 318:1023-1024 .
135 . J Ross .
The Diet Cure . ( Penguin Books ; NY ) , 1999 , 102-113 .
136 . MG Enig .
Know Your Fats , 56 - 57 .
137 . HL Abrams .
The relevance of Paleolithic diet in detremining contemporary nutritional needs .
J Appl Nutr , 1979 , 1,2:43 -59 .
Read this in : Português Español
# 285164 +( 1666 ) - [ X ] < KainSularei >
I wish that it was possible to edit car honks
< KainSularei > sometimes someone tries to cut me off , but i always see it coming and speed ahead of them
< KainSularei >
So I 'm thinking I get some LOTR Gandalf bumper sticker on my back bumper
< KainSularei >
I 'd like to be able to hit the steering wheel and have them hear this booming " YOU SHALL NOT PASS ! " as I go by
Intel ’s X25 - E Extreme SSD is far and away the fastest flash drive SSD is far and away the fastest flash drive we ’ve ever tested .
Sure , it only packs 32 GB of storage , and yes , you ’ll pay a princely sum for the privilege .
But with a smart storage controller , near - instantaneous seek times , and the ability to sustain reads at 250 MB /s and writes at 170 MB /s , the X25 - E actually represents good value if you quantify its performance per dollar .
That might not be how most folks look at value in the storage world , but for the demanding enterprise environments at which the Extreme is targeted , it ’s often the most important metric .
While the X25 - E ’s dominating single - drive performance would surely satiate most folks , its target market is likely to seek out even greater throughput and higher transaction rates by combining multiple drives in RAID .
The performance potential of a RAID 0 array made up of multiple Extremes is bountiful to say the least , and with the drive ’s frugal power consumption and subsequently low heat output , such a configuration should cope well in densely populated rack - mount enclosures .
Naturally , we had to test this potential ourselves .
Armed with a high - end RAID card and four X25 - Es , we ’ve set out to see just how fast a RAID 0 array can be .
This is easily the most exotic storage configuration we ’ve ever tested , but can it live up to our unavoidably lofty expectations ?
Let ’s find out .
Ramping up the RAID
The software RAID solutions built into modern south bridge chips are more than adequate for most applications — my personal desktop and closet file server included — but they ’re probably not the best foundations for a four - way X25 - E array .
Such an impressive stack of drives calls for a RAID controller with a little more swagger , so we put in a call to Adaptec , which hooked us up with one of its RAID 5405 cards .
The 5405 features a dual - core hardware RAID chip running at 1.2GHz with 256MB of DDR2 cache memory .
We ’ll be focusing our attention on RAID 0 today , but the card supports a whole host of other array configurations , including RAID 1 , 1E , 5 , 5EE , 6 , 10 , 50 , 60 , and 36DD .
Ok , so maybe not the last one .
Dubbed a “ Unified Serial RAID controller , ” the 5405 works with not only Serial ATA drives , but also Serial - Attached - SCSI hardware .
The card itself does n’t have any , er , Serial ports onboard .
Instead , it has a single x4 mini-SAS connector ( at the top in the picture above ) and comes with an expander cable that splits into four standard Serial ATA data cables .
If you want to use the 5404 with Serial - Attached - SCSI drives , you ’ll need to add a SAS expander cable or have a compatible backplane or direct connect SAS storage .
To ensure compatibility with cramped rack - mount enclosures , the 5405 is a low - profile card with standard and short mounting brackets included in the box .
It also has a PCI Express x8 interface , making it compatible with a wide range of workstation and server motherboards , in addition to standard desktop fare .
PCIe x8 slots tend to be rare on desktop boards , but fear not .
We were able to get the 5405 running in our test system ’s primary PCIe x16 graphics card slot without a fuss .
Since it only has eight lanes of electrical connectivity , the 5405 ca n’t make the most of an x16 slot ’s available bandwidth .
However , for four ports , an aggregate 2GB/s of bi-directional bandwidth should be more than adequate — even for X25 - Es .
As one might expect , the 5405 is n’t cheap ; it costs $ 335 and up online .
Adaptec does provide three years of warranty coverage , though .
Drivers are also available not only for Windows , but also for OpenServer , UnixWare , Solaris , FreeBSD , VMware , and both Red Hat and SUSE Linux .
WorldBench
WorldBench uses scripting to step through a series of tasks in common Windows applications .
It then produces an overall score .
WorldBench also spits out individual results for its component application tests , allowing us to compare performance in each .
We ’ll look at the overall score , and then we ’ll show individual application results .
You wo n’t find Gigabyte ’s i-RAM in the graphs below because its 4GB maximum storage capacity is too limited for WorldBench to run .
WorldBench uses scripting to step through a series of tasks in common Windows applications .
It then produces an overall score .
WorldBench also spits out individual results for its component application tests , allowing us to compare performance in each .
We ’ll look at the overall score , and then we ’ll show individual application results .
You wo n’t find Gigabyte ’s i-RAM in the graphs below because its 4GB maximum storage capacity is too limited for WorldBench to run .
WorldBench is made up of common desktop applications that are n’t typically bound by storage subsystem performance .
However , it ’s still a little disheartening to see our X25 - E RAID config fail to make the podium .
Even a single X25 - E is faster than our stack of four here .
Multimedia editing and encoding MusicMatch Jukebox Windows Media Encoder Adobe Premiere VideoWave Movie Creator
Our X25 - E RAID 0 array does reasonably well in WorldBench ’s Premiere test , but scores are close through the rest of WorldBench ’s multimedia editing and encoding tests .
Note that the RAID setup is 13 seconds slower than a single X25 - E in the Media Encoder test , though .
Image processing Adobe Photoshop ACDSee PowerPack
The four - drive X25 - E setup takes top honors in WorldBench ’s ACDSee test , but it ’s only 11 seconds quicker than one of the Extremes on its own .
Multitasking and office applications Microsoft Office Mozilla Mozilla and Windows Media Encoder WorldBench ’s office and multitasking tests appear unable to exploit faster storage configurations .
Other applications WinZip Nero The WinZip and Nero tests are more storage - bound than any others in the WorldBench suite , and again , there ’s little difference in performance between a single X25 - E Extreme and four of them in a RAID 0 array .
Boot and load times
To test system boot and game level load times , we busted out our trusty stopwatch .
To test system boot and game level load times , we busted out our trusty stopwatch .
Ignore this one , folks .
Our RAID setup may take more than a minute longer to boot than the rest , but it ’s also the only configuration that has to initialize the Adaptec RAID card , which takes its sweet time booting up .
Of course , we ca n’t blame the Adaptec card ’s initialization time for the X25 - E RAID config ’s uninspired level load times .
The RAID 0 array is at least within striking distance of a single X25 - E in Doom 3 , but it ’s a few seconds back in Far Cry .
File Copy Test
File Copy
Test is a pseudo - real - world benchmark that times how long it takes to create , read , and copy files in various test patterns .
File copying is tested twice : once with the source and target on the same partition , and once with the target on a separate partition .
Scores are presented in MB/s. File Copy
Test is a pseudo - real - world benchmark that times how long it takes to create , read , and copy files in various test patterns .
File copying is tested twice : once with the source and target on the same partition , and once with the target on a separate partition .
Scores are presented in MB/s .
To make things easier to read , we ’ve separated our FC - Test results into individual graphs for each test pattern .
We ’ll tackle file creation performance first .
Now that ’s more like it .
Our X25 - E RAID array roars to victory in all five file creation test patterns .
The striped array ’s performance is most dominant with the Install , ISO , and MP3 test patterns , which have smaller numbers of larger files than the Programs and Windows test patterns .
We see the most impressive performance scaling with the MP3 test pattern , which runs more than 3.5 times faster with four X25 - Es than it does with a single drive .
Although it continues to lead the field by a wide margin with most test patterns , our X25 - E RAID 0 array ’s read performance is n’t nearly as impressive as its write speeds .
In fact , with the Windows test pattern , the X25 - E array is actually slower than a single X25 - E .
Even when it ’s out ahead of the rest of the pack , the Extreme SSD array is never more than 1.6 times faster than a single - drive config .
FC - Test – continued Next , File Copy
Test combines read and write tasks in some , er , copy tests .
The Windows test pattern again proves challenging for our X25 - E array , which would have otherwise swept FC - Test ’s copy tests .
Still , four X25 - Es are consistently faster than just one , and occasionally by significant margins .
We find the best performance scaling with the ISO test pattern , which is made up of only a few very large files and runs a little better than 2.7 times faster on our RAID config .
The results of FC - Test ’s partition copy tests mirror those of the straight copy tests .
Our X25 - E RAID config is certainly dominant , but it ca n’t shut out the ANS - 9010 RAM disk .
iPEAK multitasking
We ’ve developed a series of disk - intensive multitasking tests to highlight the impact of seek times and command queuing on hard drive performance .
You can get the low - down on these iPEAK - based tests
We ’ve developed a series of disk - intensive multitasking tests to highlight the impact of seek times and command queuing on hard drive performance .
You can get the low - down on these iPEAK - based tests here .
The mean service time of each drive is reported in milliseconds , with lower values representing better performance .
Our iPEAK workloads were recorded using a 40 GB partition , so they ’re a little big for the 4GB i-RAM , 16GB ANS - 9010 , and even the 32 GB X25 - E .
The app had no problems running , but it warned us that I/O requests that referenced areas beyond the drives ’ respective capacities would be wrapped around to the beginning of each drive .
Since there should be no performance difference between the beginning and end of an SSD , the results should be valid .
With just one exception , our four - drive X25 - E Extreme array is the class of our iPEAK multitasking tests .
It ’s not miles ahead of the competition , though .
If you average the mean service time across all nine test patterns , the X25 - E RAID config works out to 0.14 milliseconds .
The ANS - 9010 RAID setup averages out to 0.18 ms , while a single X25 - E sits at 0.35 milliseconds .
IOMeter
IOMeter presents a good test case for both seek times and command queuing .
IOMeter presents a good test case for both seek times and command queuing .
The results of our IOMeter tests are as interesting as they are varied .
Let ’s start with the obvious , which is the fact that with the exception of the web server test pattern , the X25 - E array is n’t the fastest config on the block .
That said , our RAID 0 array does offer a significant performance boost over a single X25 - E , particularly as the load ramps up .
Under the heaviest loads , the RAID config offers transaction rates close to four times higher than a single X25 - E with the file server , workstation , and database test patterns .
Our striped array only offers about double the performance of a single drive with the web server test pattern , which is made up exclusively of read requests .
Our IOMeter CPU utilization results suggest that the X25 - E RAID array ’s processor utilization is lower than one might expect in light of its transaction rates .
Given the huge gaps in transaction rates , these results are a little difficult to interpret on their own , so we ’ve whipped up another set of graphs that illustrates the transaction rate per CPU utilization percentage .
Since our mechanical hard drives do n’t deliver anywhere near SSD levels of performance here , we ’ve left them out of the equation , with the exception of the VelociRaptor .
No doubt thanks to its use of a hardware RAID controller , our X25 - E Extreme array offers much better performance per CPU cycle than the competition .
Note that the ANS - 9010 RAM disk RAID array , which uses the ICH7R south bridge chip ’s software RAID solution , offers the lowest transaction rate per CPU cycle .
HD Tach
We tested HD Tach with the benchmark ’s full variable zone size setting .
We tested HD Tach with the benchmark ’s full variable zone size setting .
Four X25 - E Extreme SSDs in RAID 0 deliver by far the highest sustained throughput we ’ve ever measured in HD Tach , and it does n’t matter whether you ’re reading or writing .
We do n’t see anything close to a 4X increase in performance over a single - drive config , though .
The Adaptec 5405 ’s PCI Express interface has plenty of bandwidth at its disposal , as evidenced by the X25 - E array ’s monstrous 755 M B /s burst speed .
That ’s all coming from the RAID controller ’s onboard 256MB cache , so we ’re really not hitting the SSDs here .
While still in the realm of near - instantaneous , the X25 - E array ’s random access time is just a sliver higher than that of a single - drive config .
This result was consistent across all three of our test runs , as well .
HD
Tach ’s margin for error in the CPU utilization is +/- 2 % , which makes the X25 - E array competitive with drives that offer the highest sustained throughput .
Resume Advice ( for software engineering new grads & interns ) Posted by Louis Brandy on 12 January 2009
Let 's start with some meta-advice .
You should take any and all resume advice with a grain of salt .
Every person who has ever read a resume or conducted an interview has their own opinions on what they want to see .
Instead of telling you what you should do , I 'll tell you what I find myself doing and I 'll let you figure out which bits are valuable .
Over the last year or so I 've spent a fair bit of time looking at resumes from both undergrads and new grads for full - time entry - level positions and internships for our small software company ( we do face recognition ) .
First let me say that we do n't much care about which languages or technology you claim you know .
We are firm believers that smart people who show a history of initiative will rapidly get up to speed on our technologies of choice .
The important lesson here is simple : buzzwords are n't as valuable as programming aptitude and a history of initiative ( or rather , being smart and getting things done ) .
I took pretty good notes ( especially after the career fair I attended as a recruiter ) about whom I was impressed with .
I noticed a very obvious pattern emerging .
Let me tell you exactly what I look at your resume to find :
Things that I really want to know about :
Programming you did outside of class ( open source , previous internships , or on your own , even if screwing around )
Your teaching / research experience Other assorted nerd - cred ( hobbyist robotics ?
member of a linux users group ?
sneak this stuff in at the bottom )
Things that will also help :
Your interest / passion in the appropriate fields -- in our case , low level languages , computer vision , SIMD programming , etc. ( major bonus points if it matches up with # 1 or # 2 )
Programming you did inside of class ( class projects , focus on the bigger , more difficult , more original , and more you , not your team )
Programming classes you took ( especially ones not required )
Math classes you took ( especially ones not required )
Your grades in those classes
Things that probably wo n't help :
Your other grades Your " other " jobs ( any and all non-technical ones )
Your objective
Things that will hurt you :
Buzzword soup ( especially if I know you are lying )
Your fucking picture on the resume .
I mean ... seriously ?
Got a few years left ?
Here 's the best advice you will ever get
The best advice anyone will ever give you on getting the best job possible out of school is this : get involved in serious programming outside of class .
Now .
Either go find a professor or a club that will let you work with them or find an open - source project and get involved .
And the deeper you get , the better it looks .
Getting involved in a shallow enough capacity to slap it on your resume will get you in the door , but you 'll fail gloriously come interview time .
If you can talk with me for an hour about the time you had to choose the correct algorithm for the memory vs. speed trade off for your ping - pong playing robot , you 'll have my vote .
Does it matter what language or technology the side - project uses ?
No !
We hire people to do low - level computationally - intensive multi- threaded number crunching .
But if some college kid walked in who has built a bunch of his own rich internet web applications , knew several web frameworks , and contributed to a variety of open source projects -- and he really wanted to work here -- I 'd hire him in a heartbeat .
Why ?
Because the kind of person who wants to program on his own time for his own purposes is the kind of person that makes a good engineer .
Passion is three quarters of the game .
And most of the rest is made up by initiative and determination ( people who " get things done " ) .
Graduating : Which are you ?
I am really passionate about programming and have done lots of work on big projects outside of class !
I am really passionate about programming but I do n't really have anything to show for it .
Great .
You 're hired .
First , do n't feel bad , many people fall into this category .
I did .
You guys are passionate about programming but have never gotten seriously involved in anything deep enough to put on your resume .
Listen closely though :
First , it 's hard for you toyour passion on your resume and second , even if you can convey it , you 've shown a lack of initiative .
Your resume 's goal should be to distinguish yourself from the horde of passionless people who are your competitors .
I suggest you strongly focus your resume on your favorite class projects and try your best to put at least one " on your own " project on the resume .
Even if it was n't terribly serious ( it belongs near the bottom , in that case ) .
I do n't really like programming on my own time .
One last word of warning : " other " job experience
I hope you know java !
( Ok , that was a cheap shot . )
Nothing really changes from above , however .
You should focus your resume efforts on the classes you took and your favorite projects .
You also might want to consider if software engineering is the correct profession for you .
There are plenty of related fields that you might enjoy more ( like a sales engineer , or technical writer ) .
I think alot of general resume advice works for software engineers but here is one place I believe it fails gloriously .
For you guys out there without any real programming experience out of class ( including internships , teaching or research ) , do not focus your resume on your other , non-technical , work experience .
Please , focus on your technical background , not your job as a pizza man , doorman , or bartender .
These items are worth mentioning towards the bottom but they should never be the focus of a programming resume .
If half your page is filled with your various non-technical jobs , each of which has several line items of responsibilities , you are doing it wrong .
Keep those items short and sweet and use the extra real estate for technical matters , even if you have to use in - class projects .
ProPublica - Journalism in the Public Interest provides an excellent summary of the stimulus package that rises above the political bickering hype coverage we have to endure from the crappy US mainstream media .
Read it .
See if you find things you disagree with .
It 's your money they 're spending .
To me - it do n't look half bad .
For instance , here 's the summary - the details below :
Aid to People Affected by Economic Downturn $ 36,910,807,000
Aid to State and Local Governments $ 58,355,000,000
Business $ 870,000,000 ( mostly small and rural business )
Education $ 48,420,000,000
Energy $ 41,400,000,000 ( and we ain't talking Enron - we 're talking renewables mostly )
Health Care $ 18,830,000,000
Tax Relief for Individuals $ 246,869,000,000
Tax Incentives for Businesses $ 6,150,000,000
Business ( tax incentives ) $ 3,540,000,000
Renewable Energy Tax Credits $ 19,968,000,000
Aid to State and Local Governments ( tax incentives ) $ 95,136,000,000
Health Care $ 20,352,000,000 ( tax incentives )
Aid to People Affected by the Economic Downturn $ 62,310,000,000 ( tax , health , & unemployment benefits )
Spending and Taxing Summaries below - Details under each section heading
Spending :
Program Funding
Accountability $ 323,500,000
Department of Agriculture - Office of Inspector General $ 22,500,000
Department of Commerce - Office of Inspector General $ 10,000,000
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - Office of Inspector General $ 6,000,000
Department of Justice - Office of Inspector General $ 2,000,000
NASA - Office of Inspector General $ 2,000,000
Defense Department - Office of Inspector General $ 15,000,000
Department of Energy - Office of Inspector General $ 15,000,000
Department of the Treasury - Inspector General for Tax Administration $ 7,000,000
General Services Administration - Office of Inspector General $ 7,000,000
Recovery Act Accountability and Transparency Board $ 84,000,000
Small Business Administration - Office of Inspector General $ 10,000,000
Department of Homeland Security - Office of Inspector General $ 5,000,000
Bureau of Indian Affairs - Office of Inspector General $ 15,000,000
Environmental Protection Agency - Office of Inspector General $ 20,000,000
Department of Labor - Office of Inspector General $ 6,000,000
Department of Health and Human Services - Office of Inspector General related to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology $ 17,000,000
Department of Education - Office of Inspector General $ 14,000,000
Corporation for National and Community Service - Office of Inspector General $ 1,000,000
Social Security Administration - Office of Inspector General $ 2,000,000
Government Accountability Office salaries and expenses $ 25,000,000
Veterans Affairs - Office of Inspector General $ 1,000,000
State Department - Office of Inspector General $ 2,000,000
Department of Transportation - Office of Inspector General $ 20,000,000
Department of Housing and Urban Development - Office of Inspector General $ 15,000,000
Aid to People Affected by Economic Downturn $ 36,910,807,000
Rural Housing Service insurance fund program account - direct loans and unsubsidized guaranteed loans $ 11,672,000,000
Rural community facilities program account $ 130,000,000
Special supplemental nutrition program for women , infants and children ( WIC ) $ 500,000,000
School lunch programs for schools in which at least 50 % of students are eligible for free or reduced price meals $ 100,000,000
Food bank commodity assistance program $ 150,000,000
Temporary increase in benefits under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( food stamps ) $ 19,900,000,000
Food distribution program on Indian reservations $ 5,000,000
Agricultural disaster assistance transition - Federal Crop Insurance Act
Farm operating loans $ 173,367,000
Direct farm operating loans $ 20,440,000
IRS health insurance tax credit administration $ 80,000,000
Emergency food and shelter $ 100,000,000
Bureau of Indian Affairs job training and housing improvement programs $ 40,000,000
Indian guaranteed loan program $ 10,000,000
Community service employment for older Americans $ 120,000,000
Extra funding for state unemployment insurance $ 150,000,000
State re-employment services for the jobless $ 250,000,000
Child care assistance for low - income families $ 1,651,227,000
Child care assistance for low - income families through state programs $ 255,186,000
Child care assistance for low - income families to improve infant and toddler care $ 93,587,000
Community Service Block Grant Program $ 1,000,000,000
Social Security Act funding 50,000,000
Social Security Administration processing of disability and retirement workloads $ 460,000,000
Aid to State and Local Governments $ 58,355,000,000
State administrative expenses to carry out increase in food stamp program $ 295,000,000
Economic development assistance programs $ 150,000,000
Violence against women prevention and prosecution programs $ 225,000,000
Office of Justice Programs state and local law enforcement assistance ( Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grants ) $ 2,000,000,000
State and local law enforcement assistance grants to improve criminal justice systems , assist crime victims and mentor youth $ 225,000,000
Southern border and high - intensity drug trafficking areas $ 30,000,000
ATF Project Gunrunner $ 10,000,000
State and local law enforcement assistance to Indian tribes $ 225,000,000
Crime victim assistance $ 100,000,000
Rural drug crime program $ 125,000,000
Internet crimes against children initiatives $ 50,000,000
Community Oriented Policing Services ( COPS ) grants $ 1,000,000,000
Justice Department salaries and expenses for administration of police grant programs $ 10,000,000
Community Development Financial Institutions
Fund for financial assistance , training and outreach to Native American , Hawaiian and Alaskan native communities $ 100,000,000
Local and state fire station upgrades and construction $ 210,000,000
Disaster assistance direct loans may exceed $ 5,000,000 and may be equal to not more than 50 % of local government annual budget if the government lost 25 % or more in tax revenues
State Fiscal Stabilization
Fund to avoid cutbacks and layoffs ( 82 % must be used for education while 18 % may be used for public safety and other government services .
The latter part may be used for repairs and modernization of K - 12 schools andcollege and university buildings . )
$ 53,600,000,000
Business $ 870,000,000
Rural Business - Cooperative Service : rural business program account $ 150,000,000
Small Business Administration salaries and expenses , microloan program and improvements to technology systems $ 69,000,000
Surety bond guarantees revolving fund $ 15,000,000
Small business loans $ 636,000,000
Education $ 48,420,000,000
State grants for adult job training $ 500,000,000
State grants for youth job training and summer employment opportunities $ 1,200,000,000
Dislocated worker job training $ 1,250,000,000
YouthBuild program for high school dropouts who re-enroll in other schools $ 50,000,000
Job training in emerging industries $ 250,000,000
Job training in the renewable energy field $ 500,000,000
Head Start programs $ 1,000,000,000
Early Head Start program expansion $ 1,100,000,000
Education for the disadvantaged - elementary and secondary education 10,000,000,000
Education for the disadvantaged - school improvement grants $ 3,000,000,000
Education impact aid $ 100,000,000
School improvement programs $ 650,000,000
Innovation and improvement of elementary and secondary schools $ 200,000,000
Special education funding under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act $ 12,200,000,000
Pell grants for higher education $ 15,840,000,000
Institute of Education data systems $ 245,000,000
Institute of Education state data coordinators $ 5,000,000
Dislocated worker assistance national reserve $ 200,000,000
School improvement grants awarded based on the number of homeless students identified in a state $ 70,000,000
Student aid administrative costs $ 60,000,000
Energy $ 41,400,000,000
Energy efficiency and conservation block grants $ 3,200,000,000
Weatherization Assistance Program ( increases maximum income level and maximum assistance ) $ 5,000,000,000
State energy program $ 3,100,000,000
Advanced batteries manufacturing , including lithium ion batteries , hybrid electrical systems , component manufacturers and software designers $ 2,000,000,000
Modernize electricity grid $ 4,400,000,000
Electricity grid worker training $ 100,000,000
Fossil energy research and development $ 3,400,000,000
Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund $ 390,000,000
Department of Energy science programs $ 1,600,000,000
Advanced Research Projects Agency $ 400,000,000
Innovative technology loan guarantee program $ 6,000,000,000
Western Area Power Administration construction and maintenance $ 10,000,000
Bonneville Power Administration borrowing authority $ 3,250,000,000
Western Area Power Administration borrowing authority $ 3,250,000,000
Leading edge biofuel projects $ 500,000,000
Federal building conversion to " high - performance green buildings " $ 4,500,000,000
Energy efficiency federal vehicle fleet procurement $ 300,000,000
Health Care $ 18,830,000,000
Indian Health Service information technology and telehealth services $ 85,000,000
Indian health facilities $ 415,000,000
Grants for public health centers $ 500,000,000
Construction , renovation , equipment and information technology for health centers $ 1,500,000,000
National Health Service Corps funding $ 75,000,000
Addressing health professions workforce shortage $ 425,000,000
National Institutes of Health grants and contracts to renovate non-federal research facilities $ 1,000,000,000
National Institute of Health grants and contracts for shared resources and equipment for grantees $ 300,000,000
National Institutes of Health fund to support scientific research $ 7,400,000,000
National Institutes of Health Common Fund $ 800,000,000
National Institutes of Health renovations of high - priority buildings at the Bethesda , Md. , campus , and at other locations $ 500,000,000
Comparative effectiveness research $ 300,000,000
Comparative effectiveness research by the National Institutes of Health 400,000,000
Comparative effectiveness research by the Department of Health and Human Services $ 400,000,000
Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology $ 1,680,000,000
National Coordinator for Health Information Technology 's regional or subnational efforts $ 300,000,000
Department of Commerce health care information enterprise integration activities related to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology $ 20,000,000
Department of Health and Human Services computer and information technology security $ 50,000,000
Department of Health and Human Services Prevention and Wellness Fund $ 1,000,000,000
Prevention and Wellness Fund immunization program $ 300,000,000
Prevention and Wellness Fund evidence - based clinical and community - based prevention strategies $ 650,000,000
Prevention and Wellness Fund reduction in incidence of health - care - associated infections $ 50,000,000
Rehabilitation services and disability research 540,000,000
State grants for rehabilitation services and disability research $ 18,200,000
Rehabilitation services in independent living centers $ 87,500,000
Rehabilitation services for older blind individuals $ 34,300,000
Other $ 2,147,000,000
Census Bureau programs $ 1,000,000,000
Digital - to - analog television converter box program $ 650,000,000
President shall establish arbitration panel under FEMA public assistance program to expedite recovery efforts from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita
Requirement that Department of Homeland Security uniforms be manufactured and sewn together by U.S. fabric and apparel companies
National Endowment for the Arts grants $ 50,000,000
Department of Labor salaries and expenses $ 80,000,000
Additional awards to existing AmeriCorps grantees $ 83,000,000
AmeriCorps program salaries and expenses $ 5,200,000
AmeriCorps program administrative costs of expansion $ 800,000
National security trust appropriation $ 40,000,000
Social Security Administration health information technology research $ 40,000,000
Filipino World War II veterans compensation $ 198,000,000
Science and Technology $ 13,142,000,000
Farm Service Agency salaries and expenses to maintain and modernize the information technology system $ 50,000,000
Distance learning , telemedicine and broadband program $ 2,500,000,000
National Telecommunications and Information Administration - broadband technology opportunities program $ 4,690,000,000
National Institute of Standards and Technology scientific and technical research and services $ 220,000,000
National Institute of Standards and Technology construction of research facilities $ 360,000,000
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration operations , research and facilities $ 230,000,000
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration procurement , acquisition and construction $ 600,000,000
NASA science $ 400,000,000
NASA aeronautics $ 150,000,000
NASA exploration $ 400,000,000
NASA cross agency support $ 50,000,000
National Science Foundation research and related activities $ 2,500,000,000
National Science Foundation education and human resources $ 100,000,000
National Science Foundation major research equipment and facilities construction $ 400,000,000
National Science Foundation - Office of Inspector General $ 2,000,000
Veterans Affairs for hiring and training of claims processors $ 150,000,000
Veterans Affairs information technology systems $ 50,000,000
State Department technology security upgrades $ 252,000,000
U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) technology $ 38,000,000
Transportation and Infrastructure $ 98,325,000,000
Agriculture buildings and facilities and rental payments $ 24,000,000
Agricultural Research Service buildings and facilities $ 176,000,000
Natural Resources Conservation Service watershed and flood prevention programs $ 290,000,000
Watershed rehabilitation program $ 50,000,000
Rural Utilities Service water and waste disposal program account $ 1,380,000,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Army $ 1,474,525,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Navy $ 657,051,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Marine Corps $ 113,865,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Air Force $ 1,095,959,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Army Reserve $ 98,269,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Navy $ 55,083,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Marine Corps Reserve $ 39,909,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Air Force Reserve $ 13,187,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Army National Guard $ 266,304,000
Defense Department facilities operation and maintenance , Air National Guard $ 25,848,000
Army research development , test and evaluation $ 75,000,000
Navy research development , test and evaluation $ 75,000,000
Air Force research development , test and evaluation $ 75,000,000
Defense - wide research development , test and evaluation $ 75,000,000
Defense Department medical facilities repair and modernization including energy efficiency $ 400,000,000
Corps of Engineers investigations $ 25,000,000
Corps of Engineers construction $ 2,000,000,000
Corps of Engineers - Mississippi River and tributaries $ 375,000,000
Corps of Engineers operations and maintenance $ 2,075,000,000
Corps of Engineers regulatory program $ 25,000,000
Corps of Engineers formerly utilized sites remedial action program $ 100,000,000
Bureau of Reclamation water and related resources , including inspection of canals in urbanized areas $ 900,000,000
Central Utah Project water programs $ 50,000,000
California Bay - Delta restoration $ 50,000,000
Non-Defense environmental cleanup $ 483,000,000
Defense environmental cleanup $ 5,127,000,000
Federal buildings and courthouses $ 750,000,000
Border stations and land ports of entry $ 300,000,000
Department of Homeland Security headquarters consolidation $ 200,000,000
Customs and Border Protection non-intrusive inspection systems $ 100,000,000
Customs and Border Protection tactical communications equipment and radios $ 60,000,000
Border security fencing , infrastructure and technology $ 100,000,000
Land border ports of entry construction $ 420,000,000
Immigration and Customs Enforcement tactical communications equipment and radios $ 20,000,000
Transportation Security Administration checked baggage and checkpoint explosives detection machines $ 1,000,000,000
Coast Guard shore facilities and aids to navigation facilities $ 98,000,000
Coast Guard alteration of bridges $ 142,000,000
FEMA public transportation and railroad security $ 150,000,000
FEMA port security grants $ 150,000,000
Bureau of Land Management maintenance and restoration of facilities , trails , lands , abandoned mines and wells $ 125,000,000
Bureau of Land Management construction of roads , bridges , trails and facilities , including energy efficient retrofits $ 180,000,000
Wildland fire management and hazardous fuels reduction $ 15,000,000
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service maintenance and construction on wildlife refuges and fish hatcheries and for habitat restoration $ 165,000,000
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service roads , bridges and facilities , including energy efficient retrofits $ 115,000,000
National Park Service facilities and trails $ 146,000,000
Historically black colleges and universities preservation $ 15,000,000
National Park Service road construction , cleanup of abandoned mines on parkland and other infrastructure $ 589,000,000
U.S. Geological Survey facilities and equipment , including stream gages , seismic and volcano monitoring systems and national map activities $ 140,000,000
Bureau of Indian Affairs construction of roads , schools and detention centers $ 450,000,000
Superfund site cleanup $ 600,000,000
Leaking underground storage tank cleanup $ 200,000,000
Clean water state revolving fund grants $ 4,000,000,000
Safe drinking water capitalization grants $ 2,000,000,000
Brownfields projects $ 100,000,000
Diesel emission reduction grants and loans $ 300,000,000
Forest Service road , bridge and trail maintenance ; watershed restoration ; facilities improvement ; remediation of abandoned mines ; and support costs $ 650,000,000
Wildfire mitigation $ 500,000,000
Smithsonian Institution repairs $ 25,000,000
Construction , renovation and acquisition of Job Corps Centers $ 250,000,000
Social Security Administration 's National Computer Center replacement $ 500,000,000
Military construction , Army - child development centers and warrior transition complexes $ 180,000,000
Military construction , Navy and Marine Corps - child development centers and warrior transition complexes $ 280,000,000
Military construction , Air Force - child development centers and warrior transition complexes $ 180,000,000
Military hospital construction and energy conservation investments $ 1,450,000,000
Military construction , Army National Guard $ 50,000,000
Military construction , Air National Guard $ 50,000,000
Family housing construction , Army $ 34,507,000
Family housing operation and maintenance , Army $ 3,932,000
Family housing construction , Air Force $ 80,100,000
Family housing operation and maintenance , Air Force $ 16,461,000
Temporary expansion of military homeowner assistance program to respond to mortgage foreclosure and credit crisis , including acquisition of property at or near military bases that have been ordered closed .
$ 555,000,000
Veterans Affairs hospital maintenance $ 1,000,000,000
National Cemetery Administration for monument and memorial repairs $ 50,000,000
State extended care facilities , such as nursing homes $ 150,000,000
State Department diplomatic and consular programs for domestic passport and training facilities $ 90,000,000
International Boundary and Water Commission - Rio Grande levee repairs $ 220,000,000
Additional capital investments in surface transportation including highways , bridges , and road repairs $ 1,298,500,000
Administrative costs for additional capital investments in surface transportation $ 200,000,000
Capital investments in surface transportation grants to be awarded by other administration $ 1,500,000
Federal Aviation Administration infrastructure $ 200,000,000
Grants - in - aid for airports $ 1,100,000,000
Highway infrastructure investment $ 26,725,000,000
Highway infrastructure investment in Puerto Rico $ 105,000,000
Highway infrastructure funds distributed by states $ 60,000,000
Highway infrastructure funds for the Indian Reservation Roads program $ 550,000,000
Highway infrastructure funds for surface transportation technology training $ 20,000,000
Highway infrastructure to fund oversight and management of projects $ 40,000,000
High speed rail capital assistance $ 8,000,000,000
National Railroad passenger corporation capital grants $ 850,000,000
National Railroad passenger corporation capital grants for security $ 450,000,000
Federal Transit Administration capital assistance $ 6,800,000,000
Public transportation discretionary grants $ 100,000,000
Fixed guideway infrastructure investment $ 750,000,000
Capital investment grants $ 750,000,000
Shipyard grants $ 100,000,000
Public housing capital improvements $ 3,000,000,000
Public housing renovations and energy conservation investments $ 1,000,000,000
Native American housing block grants $ 510,000,000
Community development funding $ 1,000,000,000
Emergency assistance for the redevelopment of abandoned and foreclosed homes $ 2,000,000,000
Additional capital investments in low - income housing tax credit projects $ 2,250,000,000
Homelessness prevention and re-housing $ 1,500,000,000
Assistance to owners of properties receiving section 8 assistance $ 2,000,000,000
Grants and loans for green investment in section 8 properties $ 250,000,000
Lead hazard reduction $ 100,000,000
Tax Relief for Individuals $ 246,869,000,000
" Making Work Pay " Tax Credit .
For 2009 and 2010 , the bill would provide a refundable tax credit of up to $ 400 for working individuals and $ 800 for working families .
This tax credit would be calculated at a rate of 6.2 % of earned income , and would phase out for taxpayers with adjusted gross income in excess of $ 75,000 ( $ 150,000 for married couples filing jointly ) .
Taxpayers can receive this benefit through a reduction in the amount of income tax that is withheld from their paychecks , or through claiming the credit on their tax returns .
$ 116,199,000,000
Economic Recovery Payment to Recipients of Social Security , SSI , Railroad Retirement and Veterans Disability Compensation Benefits .
The bill would provide a one - time payment of $ 250 to retirees , disabled individuals and SSI recipients receiving benefits from the Social Security Administration , Railroad Retirement beneficiaries , and disabled veterans receiving benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs .
The one - time payment is a reduction to the Making Work Pay credit .
$ 14,225,000,000
Refundable Credit for Certain Federal and State Pensioners .
The bill would provide a one - time refundable tax credit of $ 250 in 2009 to certain government retirees who are not eligible for Social Security benefits .
This one - time credit is a reduction to the Making Work Pay credit .
$ 218,000,000
Increase in Earned Income Tax Credit .
The bill would temporarily increase the earned income tax credit for working families with three or more children .
Under current law , working families with two or more children qualify for an earned income tax credit equal to 40 % of the family 's first $ 12,570 of earned income .
This credit is subject to a phase - out for working families with adjusted gross income in excess of $ 16,420 ( $ 19,540 for married couples filing jointly ) .
The bill would increase the earned income tax credit to 45 % of the family 's first $ 12,570 of earned income for families with three or more children and would increase the beginning point of the phase - out range for all married couples filing a joint return ( regardless of the number of children ) by $ 1,880 .
$ 4,663,000,000
Increase Eligibility for the Refundable Portion of Child Credit .
The bill would increase the eligibility for the refundable child tax credit in 2009 and 2010 .
For 2008 , the child tax credit is refundable to the extent of 15 % of the taxpayer 's earned income in excess of $ 8,500 .
The bill would reduce this floor for 2009 and 2010 to $ 3,000 .
$ 14,830,000,000
" American Opportunity " Education Tax Credit .
The bill would provide financial assistance for individuals seeking a college education .
For 2009 and 2010 , the bill would provide taxpayers with a new tax credit of up to $ 2,500 of the cost of tuition and related expenses paid during the taxable year .
Taxpayers will receive a credit based on 100 % of the first $ 2,000 of tuition and related expenses ( including books ) paid during the year and 25 % of the next $ 2,000 of tuition and expenses paid during the year .
Forty percent of the credit would be refundable .
This tax credit will be subject to a phase - out for taxpayers with adjusted gross income in excess of $ 80,000 ( $ 160,000 for married couples filing jointly ) .
$ 13,907,000,000
Computers as Qualified Education Expenses in 529 Education Plans .
Section 529 Education
Plans are tax - advantaged savings plans that cover all qualified education expenses , including : tuition , room & board , mandatory fees and books .
The bill counts computers and computer technology as qualified education expenses .
$ 6,000,000
Refundable First - time Home Buyer Credit .
Last year , Congress provided taxpayers with a refundable tax credit that was equivalent to an interest - free loan equal to 10 % of the purchase of a home ( up to $ 7,500 ) by first - time home buyers .
The provision applies to homes purchased on or after April 9 , 2008 and before July 1 , 2009 .
Taxpayers receiving this tax credit are currently required to repay any amount received under this provision back to the government over 15 years in equal installments , or , if earlier , when the home is sold .
The credit phases out for taxpayers with adjusted gross income in excess of $ 75,000 ( $ 150,000 in the case of a joint return ) .
The bill eliminates the repayment obligation for taxpayers that purchase homes after Jan. 1 , 2009 , increases the maximum value of the credit to $ 8,000 and removes the prohibition on financing by mortgage revenue bonds and extends the availability of the credit for homes purchased before Dec. 1 , 2009 .
The provision would retain the credit recapture if the house is sold within three years of purchase .
$ 6,638,000,000
Sales Tax Deduction for Vehicle Purchases .
The bill provides all taxpayers with a deduction for state and local sales and excise taxes on the purchase of new cars , light truck , recreational vehicles , and motorcycles through 2009 .
This deduction is subject to a phase - out for taxpayers with adjusted gross income in excess of $ 125,000 ( $ 250,000 in the case of a joint return ) .
$ 1,684,000,000
Temporary Suspension of Taxation of Unemployment Benefits .
Under current law , all federal unemployment benefits are subject to taxation .
The average unemployment benefit is about $ 300 per month .
The proposal temporarily suspends federal income tax on the first $ 2,400 of unemployment benefits per recipient .
Any unemployment benefits over $ 2,400 will be subject to federal income tax .
This proposal is in effect for 2009 .
$ 4,740,000,000
Extension of Alternative Minimum Tax Relief for 2009 .
The bill would provide more than 26 million families with tax relief in 2009 by extending AMT relief for nonrefundable personal credits and increasing the AMT exemption amountto $ 70,950 for joint filers and $ 46,700 for individuals .
$ 69,759,000,000
Tax Incentives for Businesses $ 6,150,000,000
Extension of Bonus Depreciation .
Businesses are allowed to recover the cost of capital expenditures over time according to a depreciation schedule .
Last year , Congress temporarily allowed businesses to recover the costs of capital expenditures made in 2008 faster than the ordinary depreciation schedule would allow by permitting these businesses to immediately write - off 50 % of the cost of depreciable property ( e.g. , equipment , tractors , wind turbines , solar panels and computers ) acquired in 2008 for use in the United States .
The bill would extend this temporary benefit for capital expenditures incurred in 2009 .
$ 5,074,000,000
Election to Accelerate Recognition of Historic AMT / R&D Credits .
Last year , Congress temporarily allowed businesses to accelerate the recognition of a portion of their historic alternative minimum tax or research and development credits in lieu of bonus depreciation .
The amount that taxpayers may accelerate is calculated based on the amount that each taxpayer invests in property that would otherwise qualify for bonus depreciation .
This amount is capped at 6 % of historic AMT and R&D credits or $ 30 million , whichever is less .
The bill would extend this temporary benefit through 2009 .
$ 805,000,000
Extension of Enhanced Small Business Expensing .
To help small businesses quickly recover the cost of certain capital expenses , small business taxpayers may elect to write - off the cost of these expenses in the year of acquisition in lieu of recovering these costs over time through depreciation .
Until the end of 2010 , small business taxpayers are allowed to write - off up to $ 125,000 ( indexed for inflation ) of capital expenditures subject to a phase - out once capital expenditures exceed $ 500,000 ( indexed for inflation ) .
Last year , Congress temporarily increased the amount that small businesses could write - off for capital expenditures incurred in 2008 to $ 250,000 and increased the phase - out threshold for 2008 to $ 800,000 .
The bill would extend these temporary increases for capital expenditures incurred in 2009 .
$ 41,000,000
5 - Year Carryback of Net Operating Losses for Small Businesses .
Under current law , net operating losses ( " NOLs " ) may be carried back to the two taxable years before the year that the loss arises ( the " NOL carryback period " ) and carried forward to each of the succeeding 20 years after the year that the loss arises .
For 2008 , the bill would extend the maximum NOL carryback period from two years to five years for small businesses with gross receipts of $ 15 million or less .
$ 947,000,000
Delayed Recognition of Certain Cancellation of Debt Income .
Under current law , a taxpayer generally has income where the taxpayer cancels or repurchases its debt for an amount less than its adjusted issue price .
The amount of cancellation of debt income ( " CODI " ) is the excess of the old debt 's adjusted issue price over the repurchase price .
Certain businesses will be allowed to recognize CODI over 10 years ( defer tax on CODI for the first four or five years and recognize this income ratably over the following five years ) for specified types of business debt repurchased by the business after Dec. 31 , 2008 and before Jan. 1 , 2011 .
$ 1,622,000,000
Incentives to Hire Unemployed Veterans and Disconnected Youth .
Under current law , businesses are allowed to claim a work opportunity tax credit equal to 40 % of the first $ 6,000 of wages paid to employees of one of nine targeted groups .
The bill would create two new targeted groups of prospective employees : unemployed veterans and disconnected youth .
An individual would qualify as an unemployed veteran if they were discharged or released from active duty from the Armed Forces during the five - year period prior to hiring and received unemployment compensation for more than four weeks during the year before being hired .
An individual qualifies as a disconnected youth if they are between the ages of 16 and 25 and have not been regularly employed or attended school in the past 6 months .
$ 231,000,000
Small Business Capital Gains .
Current law provides a 50 % exclusion for the gain from the sale of certain small business stock held for more than five years .
The amount of gain eligible for the exclusion is limited to 10 times the taxpayer 's basis in the stock or $ 10 million gain from stock in that small business corporation , whichever is greater .
This provision is limited to individual investments and not the investments of a corporation .
The non-excluded portion is taxed at ordinary income rates or 28 % , whichever is less , instead of the lower capital gains rates for individuals .
The provision allows a 75 % exclusion for individuals on the gain from the sale of certain small business stock held for more than five years .
This change is for stock issued after the date of enactment and before Jan. 1 , 2011 .
$ 829,000,000
Temporary Small Business Estimated Tax Payment Relief .
The bill reduces the 2009 required estimated tax payments for certain small businesses . $ 0
Temporary Reduction of S Corporation Built - In Gains Holding Period from 10 Years to 7 Years .
Under current law , if a taxable corporation converts into an S corporation , the conversion is not a taxable event .
However , following such a conversion , an S corporation must hold its assets for 10 years to avoid a tax on any built - in gains that existed at the time of the conversion .
The bill would temporarily reduce this holding period from 10 years to seven years for sales occurring in 2009 and 2010 .
$ 415,000,000
Repeal of Treasury Section 382 Notice .
Last year , the Treasury issued Notice 2008 - 83 , which liberalized rules in the tax code that are intended to prevent taxpayers that acquire companies from claiming losses that were incurred by the acquired company prior to the taxpayer 's ownership of the company .
The bill would repeal this notice prospectively .
-$ 6,977,000,000
Treatment of Certain Ownership Changes .
The bill would clarify the application of section 382 to certain companies restructuring pursuant to the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 .
$ 3,163,000,000
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A few weeks ago I introduced you to Ironjaw : the crappy comic book that my aunt gave me as a kid for absolutely no apparent reason .
I never really read any Ironjaw until now , and that is a true shame because I 've come to realize that my aunt was n't just handing me a comic book -- she was handing me an instructional tool for the opposite sex -- a virtual how - to guide to women .
Had I only studied it then , my life - experience with the ladies may have been very different .
The good news is , it 's not too late for any of us .
The Sneeze now proudly presents ...
EVERYTHING I KNOW ABOUT WOMEN
I LEARNED FROM IRONJAW
The first thing Ironjaw taught me is that when it comes to the ladies , CONFIDENCE is key .
If you do n't believe in yourself , how can she ?
X **************************
Here , Ironjaw has helped me realize that HONESTY in a relationship is crucial .
Do n't just tell a woman what you think she wants to hear .
Speak from your heart , and she will only love you more for it ...
**************************
Even Ironjaw was n't the apple of every gal 's eye right off the bat .
A little PERSEVERANCE goes a long way ...
And do n't be a GLOOMY GUS , either .
Watch how Ironjaw looks on the bright side .
That makes chicks all sexual !
**************************
And the most important lesson I 've learned is : Deep down , women do n't care if you 're short , or fat , or even if you have a bear trap for a chin ... all that really matters is that the rest of your head looks exactly like Sylvester Stallone .
Posted by Steven | Archive
Toshiba Develops OLED Television Wallpaper
February 25th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Many of us are accustomed to watching TV on high - quality plasma and LCD screens , but we pay a severe price in energy inefficiency .
Toshiba has come up with a solution to our energy woes : flexible OLED paper that doubles as a TV screen .
The paper , which is significantly more energy efficient than both LCD and plasma , uses light that has been redirected using a fine grating created by self - assembling nano - particles .
In addition to projecting moving pictures , the paper could also project images .
Toshiba ’s paper could also be used to emit light — effectively eliminating the need for traditional lighting .
The television wallpaper is currently in the early stages of research , and is many years away from commercial production .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Raw video: CTA Bus Incident February 13/09 , 10:14 pm , Chicago.02-13-09 , 10:14 pmCTA # 70 Division@ N Noble St & W Division St. Apparently the guy had not payed his fare .
The who guy filmed it asks for the officers badge number so he can report him for aggressive ' removal .
Here 's the TEXT FROM SOURCE : Officer with badge number 10677 violates procedure and begins aggressive assault of a Chicago citizen accused of not paying his fair .
The unnamed passenger was displaying signs of intoxication however as you will see in the footage the officer was excessively violent and did not wait for the appropriate backup to assist in the removal of the passenger .
*NOT MY VIDEO OR TEXT *.... just putting it out there .
What the Bible says about Menstruation
And if a woman have an issue , and her issue in her flesh be blood , she shall be put apart seven days : and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the even .
And every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean : every thing also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean .
And whosoever toucheth her bed shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
And whosoever toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
And if it be on her bed , or on any thing whereon she sitteth , when he toucheth it , he shall be unclean until the even .
And if any man lie with her at all , and her flowers be upon him , he shall be unclean seven days ; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean .
And if a woman have an issue of her blood many days out of the time of her separation , or if it run beyond the time of her separation ; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall be as the days of her separation : she shall be unclean .
Every bed whereon she lieth all the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation : and whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean , as the uncleanness of her separation .
And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean , and shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
But if she be cleansed of her issue , then she shall number to herself seven days , and after that she shall be clean .
And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles , or two young pigeons , and bring them unto the priest , to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation .
And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering , and the other for a burnt offering ; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before the LORD for the issue of her uncleanness .
Leviticus 15:19 -30
And if a man shall lie with a woman having her sickness , and shall uncover her nakedness ; he hath discovered her fountain , and she hath uncovered the fountain of her blood : and both of them shall be cut off from among their people .
Leviticus 20:18
But if a man be just , and do that which is lawful and right , and hath not ... come near to a menstruous woman .....
Ezekiel 18:5-6
Thou shalt cast them away as a menstruous cloth .
Isaiah 30:22
We are all as an unclean thing , and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rag .
Isaiah 64:6 Jerusalem hath grievously sinned ... they have seen her nakedness : yea , she sigheth , and turneth backward .
Her filthiness is in her skirts .
Lamentations 1:8-9 Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman .
Lamentations 1:17
Menstuating women are unclean and sinful .
Anthing that they touch is unclean .
Anyone who touches anything that they touch is unclean .
Stay completely away from them .
( And for God 's sake , do n't even think about having sex with them ! )
Calling someone a " menstrous woman " or a " menstrous cloth " is one of God 's favorite insults .
We were talking about politics .
My housemate , an English professor , opined that certain politicians were thinking with their reptilian brains when they threatened military action against Iran .
Many people believe that a component of the human brain inherited from reptilian ancestors is responsible for our species ’ aggression , ritual behaviors and territoriality .
WE'VE MOVED OUR SITE TO
WWW .
SEATTLECU.COM
If you have any questions or concerns , please give us a call at 206.398.5500 or 800.334.2489 .
" To what extent is our collective intelligence also a part of Gaia ?
Do we as a species constitute a Gaian nervous system and a brain which can consciously anticipate environmental changes ? " - James Lovelock ( 1960s ) .
" Earth is a perfect planet for life but , according to Gaia theory , this is no coincidence .
From the moment life first appeared on Earth it has worked hard to make Earth a more comfortable place to live .
Gaia theory suggests that the Earth and its natural cycles can be thought of like a living organism .
When one natural cycle starts to go out of kilter other cycles work to bring it back , continually optimising the conditions for life on Earth .
Named after the Greek Earth goddess , Gaia , the theory was developed in the 1960s by scientist Dr James Lovelock .
At the time , Lovelock was working for NASA , looking at methods of detecting life on Mars .
The theory came about as a way of explaining why the Earth 's atmosphere contains high levels of nitrogen and oxygen .
Initially , Gaia theory was ignored , and then later ridiculed by scientists such as Richard Dawkins and Stephen J Gould .
However , in recent times stronger evidence for the theory has emerged and Gaia has started to gain support .
The theory helps to explain some of the more unusual features of planet Earth , such as why the atmosphere is n't mostly carbon dioxide , and why the oceans are n't more salty .
In its early years Earth 's atmosphere was mostly carbon dioxide - the product of multiple volcanic burps .
It was n't until life arrived that the balance began to change .
Bacteria produced nitrogen , an inert gas , and photosynthesising plants produced oxygen , a very reactive gas .
Ever since that time , about 2,500 m years ago , Earth 's atmosphere has contained significant amounts of nitrogen and oxygen , supporting life on this planet .
The nitrogen helps to keep things stable , preventing oxygen levels from climbing too high and fuelling runaway fires .
Meanwhile , the oxygen supports complex life .
Gaia also helps to explain how the oceans are kept in balance .
Rivers dissolve salt from rocks and carry it to the ocean , yet ocean salinity has remained at about 3.4 % for a very long time .
It appears that the salt is removed again when water is cycled through cracks on the ocean floor .
This process keeps the oceans ' salinity in balance and at a level that most lifeforms can tolerate .
These processes are not thought to be conscious ones , or to favour any one life form over another .
Gaia theory simply maintains that Earth 's natural cycles work together to keep the Earth healthy and support life on Earth .
Lovelock argues that humans have now pushed Gaia to her limit .
In addition to filling the atmosphere with carbon dioxide , we have hacked our way through the " lungs " of the planet ( the rainforests ) and driven many species to extinction .
He thinks we are heading for a very warm world , where only polar regions are comfortable for most life forms .
Eventually , he suspects , Gaia will pull things back into check , but it may be too late for the human race .
Feedback Loops :
Feedback loops often appear to keep the planet in balance .
One good example of this is the way in which atmospheric carbon dioxide is kept in check .
Carbon dioxide is pumped into the atmosphere by volcanoes , and removed by the weathering of rocks ( encouraged by bacteria and plant roots in the soil ) .
When it reaches the sea , the dissolved carbon dioxide is used by tiny organisms , known as coccolithophores ( algae ) , to make their shells .
When coccolithophores die they release a gas - dimethyl sulphate - which encourages the formation of clouds in the atmosphere .
When atmospheric carbon dioxide levels become too high , coccolithophores get busy , locking up more carbon dioxide in their shells and pumping dimethyl sulphate into the atmosphere when they die - producing clouds which reflect back sunlight and help the Earth to cool .
Conversely , if atmospheric carbon dioxide levels become low , coccolithophores reduce their activity .
Over the past 200 years mankind has greatly increased atmospheric carbon dioxide levels , and recently there has been evidence that algal blooms in the ocean are increasing .
Could Gaia be trying to correct our mistake ?
The Gaia Hypothesis has often been described by commentators as one of the most provoking singular ideas to have been put forward in the second half of the 20th Century . "
- Kate Ravilious ( " Perfect Harmony , " Guardian UK , 4.28.2008 .
Image : - Hieronymus Bosch , Detail from the Triptych : " Garden of Earthly Delights " , Museo del Prado , Madrid , 1500 ) .
Microsoft and Red Hat recently signed an interoperability deal designed to please both Windows and Linux users .
Red Hat , the largest corporate contributor to open source development , is a powerful ally for Microsoft due to their position as " the most trusted " Linux distribution vendor .
( Source : redhat.com )
The two - part deal will maximize the potential for virtualization via each company 's " hypervisors " ( software that gives users the ability to run multiple operating systems on the same computer at once ) .
It will also ensure that both Windows and Red Hat ( Linux ) software will be compatible with the other 's virtualization platforms .
The deal involves certification from both sides : Red Hat has joined Microsoft 's Server Virtualization Validation Program ( SVVP ) , a customer support program to protect Windows users who are running virtualization on non-Microsoft software .
Microsoft , as a " virtualization and interoperability " partner , will be added to Red Hat 's list of Hardware Certification later in the year .
( Source : zdnet.com )
This means that both Red Hat and Microsoft users will be able to get technical support from either company for issues of virtualization .
Peter Galli , open source community manager for Microsoft , has stated that this co-operative effort is " deeply significant " and that it will give customers of both companies greater confidence and support .
( Source : technet.com )
This new agreement is not the first time Microsoft and Red Hat have met in the open source world -- Red Hat had previously enrolled in the Interoperability Vendor Alliance , a Microsoft - led initiative designed to increase the functionality of diverse software applications .
( Source : zdnet.com )
Why Does Microsoft Need Another Open Source Ally ?
In the past , Microsoft 's name was synonymous with software -- internationally patented , trademarked , intellectual property software .
It has only been in the last few years that Microsoft began to tip - toe towards open source development , and even then the software juggernaut seemed hesitant to get involved .
Yet this year alone Microsoft has partnered with multiple open - source development companies , and has even created an entire corporate division dedicated to exploring the potential for open source .
So what is causing this change in direction ?
According to Peter Galli , the change appears to be fueled by consumer demand .
As Galli states on the Port 25 Microsoft Open Source blog , " customers have asked us to work together on technical support for server virtualization . "
The new agreements between Microsoft and Red Hat " respond to that request by giving them a new level of integration . "
( Source : technet.com )
Since open source has recently been touted as Microsoft 's biggest form of competition , it seems more likely that these new alliances are entirely strategic .
Whatever the motivation , Microsoft will earn a lot of brownie points with customers if it keeps moving towards open source integration .
By making the right friends , Microsoft is bound to stay in style even if Red Hats eventually go out of fashion .
Big Ben , London
When most people go to a landmark or tourist attraction , they take home a little souvenir to remind them of their trip .
Then there 's Michael Hughes .
He loves to take pictures of world famous landmarks – perfectly blended with cheap souvenirs .
Born in Britain and now living in Germany , 56 - year - old Michael Hughes is a freelance photographer .
Hughes started this hobby back in 1998 and has accumulated a rich collection of over 100 fun images using this blending technique in 200 countries he visited .
“ I noticed coffee cups from a shop near the Statue of Liberty had the statue printed on it , so I poured my drink on the floor , and positioned it in front of the statue .
Since then , taking the pictures has developed into a hobby and a passion to the point where I have been taking trips recently just to photograph a souvenir next to its landmark . ”
Great work , Mark !
Eifel Tower , Paris
Leaning Tower of Pisa , Italy
Statue of Liberty , New York
Houses of Parliament , London
Golden Gate Bridge , San Francisco
Don Quixote , Consuegra , South of Madrid , Spain
Abbey Road , London
East London
Versailles , France
Cairo , Egypt
Palazzo Vecchio , Florence , Italy
Palace in Vienna , Austria
Palace of Sanssouci , Potsdam , Germany
Cairo , Egypt
Powell and Sutter , San Francisco
5th Avenue , New York
Cairo , Egypt
Buddy Holly Memorial , Lubbock , Texas
Sphinx in Cairo , Egypt
Disneyland
Michael Hughes
More Awesome Modern Art !
Mayhem and Chaos in Snow Globes and On Islands ( 15 Pics )
Skeletons Come to Life ! – Sal Hernndez ( 10 photos )
Favorite Artist of the Moment : My Korean Sister Stella Im Hultberg
Back to the MET Homepage
Registration if FREE !
Join Now !
Private companies are laying off thousands of workers each day , which is a crisis for each fired employee .
These high - profile layoffs are prominent news stories , especially when the number of people fired is large .
While this is happening , a more dangerous layoff story is going unnoticed .
Hundreds of local government municipal employees are losing their jobs as cities and counties are desperately trying to balance their budgets .
These stories are not as sensational news events , as the number of each firing is small .
A dozen employees here , 20 there , or maybe even a handful of workers in a small town .
Each one of these firings is just as big of a personal disaster for the municipal employee and their family .
What makes each one of thee firings worse is that they also have a greater impact on the all of the citizens in that community .
each one of the fired city or county workers did a job that provided a community service .
Firefighters , police officers , administrative clerks , zoning inspectors , occupational licensing , roan maintenance , utility departments , etc. are all services every resident in the jurisdiction counts on each day .
Some of the services are visible and obvious , such as police and fire .
Others may not be as apparent .
Let ’s look at just one example , the restaurant inspector .
The restaurant where you dine is inspected at some regular interval , to ensure that the food is prepared safely and according to certain standards .
The inspector provides ongoing reminders and training for employees to do things like storing meat away from salad , cooking food to a certain temperature , or ensuring that the towels used to wipe down tables has the correct percentage of bleach .
A 2008 Occupational Health & Safety study found that restaurant workers had difficulty following safe food handling practices due to time constraints and inadequate training .
More than half of all food borne illnesses were attributed to resaturants .
the restaurant business has high employee turnover , so training may not be as frequent or complete as would be preferred .
Regular visits from the municipal inspector helps keep the standards in check .
As a city or county lays off workers , or combines jobs , the inspectors schedule can get strained .
Maybe instead of vising each place monthly , it drops to bi-monthly , or quarterly .
At some point this has a negative affect on safety .
Food handling in a restaurant may not seem like a critical issue , but the 10 people who get food poisoning , or the 5o people who get salmonella , or the 75 people who get botulism will feel some direct consequence of the county layoff .
Multiply that times 3000 + counties nationwide , and by 15 – 20 departments in each municipality .
The condition of jobsites can suffer if not inspected , infastructure such as roads , water pipes , and street signs can deteriorate faster , meaning that the cost saved will have to be more than made up for in future years .
In the meantime , the hundreds of ways that each person relies on municipal employees are each made less secure .
Indirectly , some costs are passed along to residents as they have to be more self - reliant .
This is not necessarily a bad thing , so long as people recognize their increased responsibility .
Whether or not all of the services were actually needed or not is another debate .
Regardless , some people who were relying on them anyway , will have to do without .
there may be some fallout from that .
Another potential danger is that of the federal government having to come in and take over functions .
A remote managing body , unconnected with the specific circumstances of the city , would presumably make less correct decisions from thousands of miles away .
“ We do n’t have enough money to provide the same level of service as we have in the past , ” said city councilman Tom Cosgrove .
– Lincoln NE
Two of city ’s four fire inspector were also laid off along with a code enforcement officer .
– Vista CA
The latest losses to the Public Works roster follow two reductions announced late last month …..
” It ’s definitely going to affect our response time , ” he said – Conneaut OH
Jones said Tuesday that residents should “ absolutely ” expect a decrease in other services , including public safety and transportation .
– Mesa AZ
She said most of the workers at the adult health clinic where she works were laid off and she expressed concern about how this would affect the clinic , which provides care to uninsured residents .
– Trenton NJ
Macomb County commissioners said Monday they have no choice but to begin laying off hundreds of employees and cut services to senior citizens , lower - income families and other residents – Macomb County MI
He said losing any state workers will mean a reduction of services for Maryland residents .
– Maryland
… the school district that boasts these achievements is expected to take a significant hit from the state economic crisis , hurting its ability to continue providing the current level of services to students .
– Santa Monica CA
It might be something as simple as longer lines at the DMV : California DMV to Close Offices First , Third Fridays of each Month – CA
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Uncategorized
- video encodings still in process -
You see , the Internets , it 's a funny place .
Recently MissyVenom posted a great video about how lies from the church can really take advantage of people .
Well , this is about another big institution that has people 's attention .
Privacy and security are very serious things .
Rachel Bilson Engagement Ring Photos
was photographed today arriving for a meeting at the Beverly Hills Hotel .
She was sporting a good sized sparkler on her engagement ring finger .
She and her Jumper co-star Hayden Christensen got quietly engaged in December .
That rumor swirled last week , based upon a tip from a passenger who flew aboard a Virgin America flight from L.A. to JFK Airport with Bilson .
When he asked her if she was married , she admitted that she was engaged .
Christensen is currently filming Bone Deep .
More photos of the ring below .
Ring Photos : WENN
One of the greatest strengths of the Firefox web browser is its extensibility .
This does not only include new features but also security enhancements that make the web browser more secure and less prone for attacks and privacy breaches .
The following list will contain Firefox add - ons that protect the user from various threats on the Internet .
They have been divided into the categories Browsing , Cache , Cookies , Identity & Privacy , Passwords and Misc .
Each link will lead to the Mozilla homepage that contains additional information and download possibilities .
All but one add - on should be compatible with the latest version of Firefox 3 .
Some of them are experimental add - ons that require an account at the Mozilla website before they can be downloaded and installed .
Browsing :
Blocksite - A customizable blacklist that blocks access to specific sites .
It will also disable all hyperlinks pointing to those websites .
Bookmark Permissions - Stores five permissions ( like enabled Javascript or Plugins ) for every bookmark .
Customize Google - Customizes Google by adding and removing information automatically .
FlashBlock - Blocks all Macromedia Flash content from being loaded .
FoxFilter - Filters websites based on keywords .
Ideal for parents who want to have more control over what websites are viewed by their children .
Ghostery - Displays information about tracking scripts on websites .
IDND - Informs the user if the domain name is an International domain name .
NoScript - Disables scripts automatically on the Internet with the option to enable them individually .
PhishTank - Adds extra phishing protection to Firefox .
Public Fox -
Lock down add - ons , browser settings and downloads .
Redirect Remover - Removes redirects from links and images .
Secure Login -
A one click login button that is similar to Opera 's Wand functionality .
Show IP - Displays the IP of the current website in the browser .
Cache :
Cache Status - Cache Management from the Firefox status bar .
Passive Cache -
Access the contents of a site without visiting it directly .
Safe Cache ( FF2 ) - Segments the Firefox cache based on the source of the documents which defends against techniques to determine if a user visited another domain .
Cookies :
Add n Edit Cookies - Makes it possible to edit cookies .
Better Privacy - Adds Flash Cookie handling to Firefox .
Cookie Monster - Provides cookie management capabilities to allow and disallow cookies to be set on specific websites .
Cookie Swap -
Use multiple cookies on one website .
CS Lite - Manage cookie permissions .
Identity and Privacy :
Adblock Plus - blocks advertisement on the Internet .
FoxyProxy -
An advanced proxy management tool for the Firefox browser .
Goolash -
The extension makes sure that a user is always logged out of Google accounts during Google search .
History Block -
Can block sites from appearing in the browser 's history .
MailCatch - A Firefox add - on to make use of a disposable email service that can be used to create emails to use on the Internet .
No Referer - Can block the referrer when accessing specific sites .
Private Browsing - Hides surfing trails .
Quick Proxy - Switch proxies on and off with one click .
Random User Agent - Replaces the default Firefox user agent with a random one .
RefSpoof - Allows to change the referrer on the fly .
Spam Advert -
Another temporary email service that can be used in Firefox .
Stealther - Privacy browsing for Firefox versions that do not provide that feature .
Temporary Inbox -
Another temporary email service that can be used to create disposable emails on the fly .
Torbutton - Adds a button to Firefox to enable or disable the anonymity software Tor .
Track me not - Protects the user against search data profiling .
Trashmail - Another one click temporary email creation service .
Passwords :
Last Pass -
A secure password manager and form filler .
Mass Password Reset -
Makes it easier to reset multiple passwords at once .
Secure Password - Secure password generation with the click of a button .
Show Passwords - Displays the passwords in web forms without asterisks .
Misc Extensions :
Controle de Scripts - Advanced settings for Javascript behavior in Firefox .
Febe - Firefox Environment Backup Extension can backup various Firefox modules such as extensions , options or themes .
Javascript Deobfuscator - Will inform the user about Javascript that gets loaded and executed on a website .
Javascript Options - A lite version of NoScript .
JS View - View the source code of Javascript files .
Long URL Please - Replaces short urls with their real destinations .
Quick Java - Quickly turn on or off Java with the click of a button .
Malware Search - Has been designed for HiJack
This users who need to search for entries on the Internet .
Panic Button -
Will perform an action like hiding all windows when pressed .
Remember Mismatched Domains - Adds a " Do n't warn me again about this certificate for this domain " checkbox to the Domain Mismatch and Expired Certificate warning windows .
US Homeland Security Level - Displays the current US Homeland Security Threat Level in the web browser .
View Dependencies -
Will display a list of all objects that have been loaded on the current website .
Yes Script - Can block specific scripts on a website .
Basically the opposite of how NoScript handles it .
Advertisement
About The Author Andrew Gibson is a photographer and writer .
He runs Magical Places Fine Art , an online photography magazine and another great photography resource .
More about Andrew Gibson …
50 Wonderful , Inspiring Photoblogs
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
A photoblog is a very specific type of blog .
Its focus is photography , and there are typically few words beyond a caption and comments .
Photoblogs are easy to set up and maintain , and they make great photo galleries for photographers who are put off by the complexity of HTML coding or installing a CMS such as WordPress .
It ’s because of this simplicity , not to mention the development of free yet sophisticated tools like Pixelpost , that photoblogging has exploded in popularity over the last few years .
Photoblogs.org , for example , lists over 32,000 photoblogs !
That ’s a lot of photos , and a lot of photographers vying for your attention .
Dedicated as ever to making your life easier , we ’ve handpicked over 50 brilliant photoblogs for your viewing pleasure .
There ’s a little of everything , including photojournalism and nature , landscape , street , portrait and travel photography .
We ’ve also listed some of the best photoblogging solutions , articles and other resources at the bottom of the post .
50 Wonderful Photoblogs
Vernon Trent
The photoblog of fine - art photographer Vernon Trent .
Chromasia David J. Nightingale ’s photoblog with rich , lively colors , unusual perspectives and attention to details .
Laurens Kuipers - Daily Photoblog
Architectural and landscape photography by Laurens Kuipers .
Robert Kruh Photoblog
The photoblog of Robert Kruh .
Jeezo Peezo Photoblog
Some beautiful portraits and black - and - white photos .
Daily Dose of Imagery
The photoblog of Sam Talayeh .
Fine - Art Photoblog
Nine talented photographers from six countries .
Stuck In Customs
The fabulous HDR photography of Trey Ratcliff .
Exposed Planet Photos from around the world by adventurer and entrepreneur Harry Kikstra .
Andreas Kaiser Photography Stunning black - and - white photos from German photographer Andreas Kaiser .
Tree Swing Interesting set of photos from self - taught photographer Sean McKendall .
: photoschau
The photoblog of a German photographer Frank Boenigk .
Pixel Candy
The nature photography of Thomas Bonin .
Here and Now Amazing landscape and nature photography .
Really Japan Photos from Japan .
MOMENTS LIKE THIS Beautiful landscapes from Germany .
Filling the Frame Street and documentary photography from Argentina .
Dawn Le Blanc
Beautiful photos of flowers in black - and - white and color .
Dutch PhotoDay
Two photographers from the Netherlands .
Daily Walks Photos from northern California , taken on walks .
Photo of the Day PDN’s Photo of the Day .
These Fleeting Moments Beautiful landscape photography by Jason Ertel .
Moodaholic Inspirational photography by Kenny Wang .
A Walk Through Durham Township
The landscapes and people of Durham Township , Pennsylvania .
Any Day
The personal work of a Swedish photojournalist .
Sarajevo 1992 -1996
Photos taken during the 1395 - day - long siege of Sarajevo from 1992 to 1996 .
Whateverland A collection of photos by Archie Flor Cruz .
Wink A wonderful photoblog from a photographer based on Canada ’s Vancouver Island .
Some beautiful photos of kids .
Terrorkitten Photos from the UK and the beautiful Greek island of Crete .
Japan Window Andy Gray ’s photos from Japan .
Framed and Shot The joint photoblog of a Norwegian couple living in Houston , Texas .
Lumilux
An impressive photoblog from an 18 - year - old student in New York City .
This is a Photo Blog A group of photographers who give each other assignments — and have fun doing it !
Pixelgrain
The photography of John Ryan Brubaker .
Middle Kingdom
The “ Middle Kingdom ” through the eyes of a photographer living and working in China .
Istoica Innovative portraiture and fashion photography .
Milou Vision Beautiful black - and - white landscape photography .
Electrolite
The online scrapbook of advertising and commercial photographer Shannon Richardson .
1965 Evocative black - and - white photography from Japan .
Last Click
Marta Wonderful photos , especially of children , from Spanish photographer Marta .
Tom Robinson om Robinson , a London based location and portrait photographer , who finds himself most at home in all parts of the world .
They shoot film They Shoot Film is a film - based photography website founded by Garrick Fujii , a dude from California .
Ann Street Photography Visual storytellers Jamie Beck and Kevin Burg unfold tales of fashion , travel , truth and beauty .
Matt Considine Matt is a professional travel and wildlife photographer , specializing in Nature , Wildlife , People , Culture , Lifestyle and Historic & Boutique Hotels .
San Francisco
This website presents a collection of things and scenes that I have found while walking in the streets of San Francisco .
Polydactyle I practice the photo since 2008 .
For fun and also … madness !
Christine Meintjes
My journey as a photographer was not planned , it was rather chance ( and most likely a little luck ! ) that kicked off one of the best rides of my life .
The Big Picture The Big Picture is a photo blog produced by a select group of picture editors of The Boston Globe .
Fashiontography Fashiontography is a place where I curate and share my finds of captivating fashion photography .
Ken Kaminesky
I ’m a self made billionaire inventor , I ’ve worked at NASA and CERN .
Explored 8 continents including Atlantis .
Photos and images have a strong ability to add color to a design that may be very plain or basic without the image .
A well - chosen photo can complement the color scheme and give it more depth .
In some cases a color scheme can be too overwhelming with lots of different colors of text , backgrounds , buttons , navigation , etc. , but a picture can add far more variety of color without having the same downfalls .
Sources and Resources
Just When
You think you have seen it all .
Sorry we have no idea what the people are saying !
SOURCE : YouTube
Posted By : EAOnks
All of the major news outlets are reporting that the stimulus bill voted out of conference committee last night has a meager $ 789 billion price tag .
This number is pure fantasy .
No one believes that the increased funding for programs the left loves like Head Start , Medicaid , COBRA , and the Earned Income Tax Credit is in anyway temporary .
No Congress under control of the left will ever cut funding for these programs .
So what is the true cost of the stimulus if these spending increases are made permanent ?
Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - WI ) asked the Congressional Budget Office to estimate the impact of permanently extending the 20 most popular provisions of the stimulus bill .
What did the CBO find ?
As you can see from the table below , the true 10 year cost of the stimulus bill $ 2.527 trillion in in spending with another $ 744 billion cost in debt servicing .
Total bill for the Generational Theft Act : $ 3.27 trillion .
Yes , ham can be the centerpiece of a healthy meal — just choose a piece that 's lean ( ask for shank ) , low - sodium , and smoked ( to reduce fat ) .
Amp up the flavor with apricots and mustard - marmalade glaze .
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Cal / Serv : 240 Yields : 16 Prep Time : 0 hours 35 mins Cook Time : 2 hours 15 mins Total Time : 2 hours 50 mins
Ingredients 1 fully cooked bone - in smoked half ham 1 package dried apricot halves 2 tbsp .
whole cloves 1 /2 c. orange marmalade or apricot jam 2 tbsp .
country - style Dijon mustard with seeds
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Directions Preheat oven to 325 degrees F . With knife , remove skin and trim all but 1/8 inch fat from ham .
Secure apricots with cloves to fat side of ham in rows , leaving some space between apricots .
Place ham , fat side up , on rack in large roasting pan ( 17 " by 11 1/2 " ) ; add 1 cup water .
Cover pan tightly with foil .
Bake 2 hours .
After ham has baked 1 hour and 45 minutes , prepare glaze :
In 1 - quart saucepan , heat marmalade and mustard to boiling on medium - high .
Remove foil from ham and carefully brush with some glaze .
Continue to bake ham 30 to 40 minutes longer or until meat thermometer reaches 135 degrees F , brushing with glaze every 15 minutes .
Internal temperature of ham will rise 5 to 10 degrees F upon standing .
( Some apricots may fall off into pan as you glaze . )
Transfer ham to cutting board ; cover and let stand 20 minutes for easier slicing .
Slice ham and serve with apricots from pan .
James Baigrie
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Tina Fey's Scar
Tina
Fey 's scar is not something she likes to discuss , but in the latest issue of Vanity Fair magazine , the actress and her husband , Jeff Richmond , talk about the childhood slashing incident that caused the scar on the left side of her face .
“ It ’s impossible to talk about it without somehow seemingly exploiting it and glorifying it , ” she says .
Fey 's husband , SNL composer Jeff Richmond , says he was fascinated by the scar .
“ This is somebody who , no matter what it was , has gone through something .
And I think it really informs the way she thinks about her life .
When you have that kind of thing happen to you , that makes you scared of certain things , that makes you frightened of different things , your comedy comes out in a different kind of way , and it also makes you feel for people . ”
“ It was in , like , the front yard of her house and somebody just came up , and she just thought somebody marked her with a pen , ” Richmond says of the incident .
Fey was shaken up over the anthrax attack at 30 Rock shortly after 9/11 and used therapy to cope with her fearful reaction .
The therapist talked to her about 9/11 and the anthrax delivered to Tom Brokaw ’s office , linking them to the crime against her when she was little .
“ It ’s the attack out of nowhere , ” Fey says .
“ Something comes out of nowhere , it ’s horrifying . ”
Read the entire Tina Fey Vanity Fair interview .
Photos of Tina Fey and husband Jeff Richmond below .
La sfârşitul anului 2008 , ponderea şomerilor cu studii universitare a crescut faţă de prima perioadă a anului .
Astfel , la începutul lunii ianuarie 2009 , aproximativ 9 % din cei peste 400.000 de şomeri înregistaţi la ANOFM erau
persoane cu studii superioare .
Cea mai gravă situaţie este în judeţul Constanţa , unde din 10 intelectuali şomeri , numai unul singur îşi poate găsi de lucru pe măsura pregătirii .
Din datele Agenţiei Judeţene pentru Ocuparea Forţei de Muncă din Constanţa , la finele anului 2008 erau disponibile doar 49 de locuri de muncă pentru persoane cu studii superioare .
Cele mai multe oferte ale angajatorilor se adresează persoanelor fără calificare sau cu studii medii .
În Bucureşti sunt înregistraţi aproximativ 12.000 de şomeri cu studii superioare .
realitatea
Maine drug intervention Maine drug intervention is basically here to give an individual good info on how to get a person suffering from an addiction that does n't think he needs to into a drug or alcohol rehabilitation treatment .
It can be problematic for a person to judge when it is the exact time to make an addiction intervention .
It becomes a lot easier when somebody has the data to be prepared to see the signs .
For example , naturally , when individuals start to be addicted to either drugs or alcohol , their behavior begins to vary , they sometimes spend massive amounts of their income to take drugs or alcohol , they do n't communicate as well or as much with the people around them , etc .
In recent times , professionals have felt that involuntary admission did not give wished success .
That is why an intervention does n't approve applying force to get people into rehabilitation .
The goal of an intervention is individuals uniting to eliminate addicts ’ dependency and making them face the reality that they require help . .
Help is a phone call away !
Call one of our certified counselor .
1-800-559-9503
Maine alcohol intervention Alcoholism often creates this illusion that nothing is lacking in the life of someone affected by it .
But the fact that the dependent persons do n’t see it does not mean the situation is not totally deficient .
The people in their environment should unify .
They have conceived interventions to make it less strenuous for those people .
It is very perfect to have a lot of individuals familiar with the dependent person doing the intervention .
The dependent individual must not be aware beforehand about the intervention .
The intervention habitually makes the dependent individual face what his addiction does to him and everyone around .
The whole point of executing an intervention is to have the addict begin an alcohol recovery program .
That is why it ’s more convenient if the people have searched for rehabilitation treatments that would fit the person struggling with an alcohol addiction Because an addict can be totally unstable , you should be ready to send him right away when he realizes that he has to have alcohol treatment .
An intervention is a very serviceable tool for the people that suffer from the addicted individual ’s behavior .
Maine drugs and alcohol intervention Often , even when an intervention is executed , the addicted individual does not want to go in a rehab .
Habitually , some time will pass before the individual can see the extent of his alcohol obsession .
But even so , someone can’t allow himself to think that an intervention has not been promising , it takes time .
Each individual will take their own time to see that they have to attend an alcohol rehabilitation .
When the dependent individual calls you for help , you ’ll be aware that the intervention worked .
One of our counselor will help you make the right decision .
Call now !
1-800-559-9503
The decision to replace the chairman gained new urgency last week , when Citigroup announced a drastic plan to split itself in two , effectively undoing the landmark merger that formed the company a decade ago .
Citigroup , which lost $ 8.29 billion during the fourth quarter , plans to sell business that it no longer views as central , and last week said it would split off Smith Barney , its valuable retail brokerage arm , into a joint venture with Morgan Stanley .
Given the turmoil at Citigroup , many analysts and even some Citigroup insiders wonder whether Mr. Pandit can hold on to his job .
While Citigroup insists that Mr. Pandit has the full backing of the board , some members have privately expressed some frustration with his leadership .
Regulators have urged Citigroup to create an independent chairmanship and replace several long - serving directors , a move that would enable Citigroup to present a new face to Wall Street .
Having Mr. Parsons succeed Mr. Bischoff would give the board more independent oversight .
As lead director , Mr. Parsons has been increasing his involvement in Citigroup ’s affairs , including meeting with regulators .
As chairman , Mr. Parson said he would “ work to reconstitute the board as directors retire with new members who bring strong , proven business judgment and financial and banking sector expertise . ”
Several long - serving directors are expected to depart soon .
One , Robert E. Rubin , the former Treasury secretary , announced about two weeks ago that he would leave .
According to people close to the situation , another director who is likely to leave is C. Michael Armstrong , the former AT&T chairman who led Citigroup ’s risk and audit committees from 2004 until last year .
Some older directors may voluntarily retire , stepping down as a group to avoid any stigma that they were forced out .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
A top Israeli official named as a suspect in a war crimes investigation by Spain 's high court has lambasted the move , claiming Spanish law is siding with terrorist organizations .
The case names former Israeli Defense Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer and six other Israelis .
Israel 's Infrastructure Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer is one of seven Israelis under investigation by Spain 's National Court over a 2002 bombing in Gaza that killed 15 people and injured more than 150 others .
He was then the defense minister .
" This is a ridiculous decision and , even more than ridiculous , it is outrageous , " Ben-Eliezer said .
" Terror organizations are using the courts in the free world , the methods of democratic countries , to file suit against a country that is operating against terror . "
The case , brought by the Palestinian relatives of some of the deceased , names Ben-Eliezer and six other Israeli top military commanders and security officials at the time .
The National Court said it has jurisdiction to investigate the case , and that initial evidence suggests the bombing " should be considered a crime against humanity , " according to a court order .
The Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs issued a statement condemning the action .
" The Spanish magistrate 's decision is unacceptable , and Israel will use all the means at its disposal to cancel it , " the statement said .
"
One way or another , Israel will guarantee , and provide full legal counsel , to all members of the armed forces who worked in the name of the state of Israel . "
The court has previously taken on other high - profile human - rights cases outside of Spain , such as charges against former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and more recently against the former military leaders of El Salvador .
The court says that if a potential human - rights crime is not being investigated by the country in question , Spain can proceed , under international law .
The Israeli case involves the July 22 , 2002 , bombing in Gaza of the home of a suspected Hamas commander , Salah Shehadeh .
The blast killed him and members of a Palestinian family named Mattar .
They lived next door .
Some of their relatives brought the suit to the court in August .
The court said it had asked Israel for information as it considered whether to accept the case , but " as of today , Israeli authorities have not complied with the request for international judicial cooperation . "
So the court took on the case .
Ben -Eliezer said he does not regret his decision to bomb Gaza .
" Salah Shehadeh was a Hamas activist , an arch - murderer whose hands were stained with the blood of about 100 Israelis , " he said .
Shehadeh was the leader in Gaza of the Izzedine al Qassam , the military wing of the Islamic group Hamas , which the U.S. State Department has called a terrorist organization .
Israeli sources said Shehadeh was responsible for hundreds of attacks by the military wing of Hamas since the beginning of the current intifada in September 2000 .
The Washington - based Crimes of War project studied the case in detail .
According to its report , the Israeli bombing of Gaza in 2002 was a " disproportionate punishment " that resulted in the loss of civilian lives .
Israel 's Defense Minister Ehud Barak issued a statement , saying : " Those that call the assassination of a terrorist a ' crime against humanity ' live in an upside - down world .
All the senior officials in the security establishment , past and present , acted appropriately on behalf of the state of Israel from their commitment to defend the security of its citizens . "
When we hear the word “ panic , ” most of us imagine someone running around and screaming .
But panic takes many forms .
It can be thought of simply as any behavior that occurs when the level of stress or emotion is high enough to prevent conscious thought and deliberate decision - making .
For example , most people panic when they fall or when they ’re knocked down .
The panic may be brief and not very intense , such as when you slip on ice and scramble to get back up .
But it can also be incredibly powerful .
In the summer of 2000 , a 35 - year - old climber in Alberta grabbed a loose hold while soloing the southwest face of Mount Colin and fell more than 200 feet , hitting solid rock at the bottom .
He died from extensive trauma , but even in his panicked state he was still trying to get back up .
In emergencies , such a powerful natural response can seem nearly impossible to suppress .
On June 26 , 1996 , a 44 - year - old man fell from a raft into the upper Hudson River near North Creek , New York .
Despite being warned against doing so , he quickly tried to stand up .
His foot was immediately caught between two rocks .
Although the water was fairly shallow , the current pushed his upper body down and held him under .
It stripped off his life vest , and he drowned .
Foot entrapment is a common cause of death on rivers , because when boaters fall into the water , their momentary panic overrides the ability to think logically , and they forget what they ’ve been told :
Do n’t stand up .
It may seem like panic is all about the mind , but panic is really about the body — or , more precisely , how you ’re reacting to what the body is experiencing .
This starts with fear , and fear signals the adrenal gland to release adrenaline and steroids :
Blood pressure and heart rate go up , digestion stops , muscle tone changes , pupils dilate — the body , in other words , ignites its afterburners .
Panic was really useful to us once .
We have inherited the structure and function of our nervous system from ancestors who lived in a very different environment , where simple , automatic actions were required for survival .
A form of panic — running away or fighting without thinking , for example — was apt to keep them alive more often than not .
The natural way the emotional system functions involves suppressing rational thought to clear the way for those automatic responses .
If a lion is chasing you , you ca n’t stand around and think it over .
Instead , the emotional system makes the decision and initiates the well - known fight - or - flight response ( which should be called “ flight - or - fight , ” since the first impulse is almost always to flee ) .
These automatic responses can save us , sometimes .
On May 9 , 1999 , a man was climbing in the Sandia Mountains in New Mexico when a 600 - pound rock fell on top of him .
Aided by a rush of adrenaline , he pushed it off .
His astounded climbing partner saw the whole thing .
Panic when you trip , or are about to be crushed by a 600 - pound rock , has obvious survival advantages .
At other times , it may lead to complex actions that seem reasonable but are based on misperceptions about what ’s going on in our environment .
Paradise Springs is a privately owned sinkhole in Florida that ’s used for scuba diving .
Daylight fades out at a depth of about a hundred feet .
At that point , divers encounter a sign that reads stop — prevent your death !
go no farther .
On September 22 , 1996 , a man and a woman with no training in cave diving descended 148 feet and into pitch darkness .
Untrained divers often stir up silt in caves , reducing visibility to zero even when they carry lights .
When it happened to this pair , one panicked and died , while the other remained calm and lived .
Upon seeing her partner disappear into the murk , the woman jumped to the conclusion that the cave had collapsed on him .
She surfaced slowly , with her regulator on , to seek help .
The man , lost in the silt but otherwise unharmed , became disoriented and went the wrong way , wedging himself into a crack in the rock .
Feeling trapped , he panicked , shed all his gear , and attempted a free ascent to the surface while holding his breath .
Rescue divers found his body 44 feet from the surface .
Had he simply remained calm and waited for the silt to settle , he would have been fine .
But that ’s the last thing the panicky mind wants to do .
When we need quick action or superhuman strength , panic may be our ally .
But when that quick action also requires logical thinking — when , for example , you ’re breathing underwater using a complex apparatus — it can sometimes incapacitate us .
Remember , the higher the emotion or stress , the lower the ability to think in a step - by - step fashion .
There are three important steps to take to suppress panic : Breathe , organize , act .
Controlled , steady , and deliberate breathing — not gulping air or shallow panting — will calm you down .
Know that you run the risk of hyperventilating and can make yourself dizzy or even pass out .
( Hyperventilation makes panic worse , because it lowers the carbon dioxide level in the blood , making you lightheaded . )
Be aware of your breathing but do n’t wait for a panic situation to practice it .
You can do it anywhere , whether you ’re stuck in traffic or watching television .
The more you practice , the more naturally it will come to you when you need it .
Get organized or die — it ’s a point survival instructors always emphasize .
Have a plan or make a plan .
The plan should have logical steps .
The steps should be small and achievable and should lead to a clear goal .
The first step in getting organized is assessing your situation .
For example : I ’ve fallen into a river .
( That might seem obvious , but denial is a powerful force that can waste precious time . )
The second step is outlining the plan .
For example : I ’m going to float until the water is calmer , then swim for the side .
Because reason and emotion are at opposite ends of a seesaw , the act of organizing forces you to think in sequential steps .
That , in turn , suppresses panic .
Another form that panic may take is freezing in place , a natural response known as tonic immobility .
Freezing or inaction can be just as dangerous as aimless action .
Once you have a plan , act on it .
Perform the steps in order .
Anytime you take purposeful , directed action , you suppress panic .
This , too , can be practiced anywhere .
A true survival situation is often characterized by long stretches of pain or tedium punctuated by moments of terror .
Even practicing simple things like unpleasant household chores ( such as cleaning out an overstuffed garage ) can condition you to take action .
The more you practice
creating organized plans and executing them step - by - step , the better you ’ll function in an emergency .
Lastly , repeated exposure to situations in which you may panic will gradually decrease the panic response .
Frequent , intense training works .
That ’s the idea behind what the Navy SEALs call “ drown - proofing , ” a regimen that involves swimming with bound hands and feet .
If you engage in activities that might bring on panic , you should train in situations that are as realistic as possible — the way a scuba diver will practice removing the regulator from his mouth and switching to spare or buddy breathing .
Then , when actually faced with potential panic , you ’ll be able to breathe , organize , and act .
Illustration by Harry Campbell
Battling Afghan Drug Dealers NATO High Commander Issues Illegitimate Order to Kill
The approach to combatting the drug mafia in Afghanistan has spurred an open rift inside NATO .
According to information obtained by SPIEGEL , top NATO commander John Craddock wants the alliance to kill opium dealers , without proof of connection to the insurgency .
NATO commanders , however , do not want to follow the order .
No , 2008 was n't just a bad year .
It was an awful year .
A Johnstown Flood kind of year .
The kind that wipes out proud , century - old institutions , decimates entire industries , and leaves everyone decidedly poorer and the world profoundly shaken in its wake .
Enough of that .
On to 2009 .
I have no crystal ball .
But a sense of history , some basic ...
Amazing Animal Mimicry
These stunning photos of animal camouflage and mimicry seem like something from a game of ‘ Where ’s Waldo . ’
These masters of disguise are demonstrating their art of clever concealment which they use as a means of survival in the natural world .
This collection of images include a green frog emerging from duckweed , a mimic octopus blending into the sand , a harlequin crab atop a sea cucumber , a Pacific spotted scorpionfish , a grizzly bear hiding in snow - covered bushes , a young crocodile hiding under a water lily , a Malaysian orchid mantis on a flower , a locust mimicking a blade of grass , a merlet ’s scorpionfish amid colorful coral , and a crab spider on a Geranium flower .
Britney Spears Rehires Felicia Culotta
Pop singerhas brought her old assistantback on board .
Britney will not be getting rid of her current assistant Brett , who was in her documentary For The Record , seen on MTV .
The singer is just adding to her entourage .
Felicia has been working with teen heartthrobs the Jonas Brothers , but is excited to be getting back to where she began .
Culotta told Perez Hilton : " Britney has always held a special place in my heart , and over the course of the last year I have seen her work harder than she ever has in her entire life .
I am really going to miss the Jonas boys , but I felt I had to be a part of this exciting time in Britney 's career .
I love Britney and missed her dearly . "
Check out Britney 's Everytime video below - it 's old but we love it !
Photo of Phelps smoking bong unites pot smokers David Edwards and Joe Byrne
Published : Wednesday February 4 , 2009
Print This Email This
The photo circulating around the Internet of world - famous Olympian Michael Phelps smoking a bong seems to be getting a positive response from the outspoken internet community of marijuana users .
The photo first appeared in ' News of the World , ' and made its way to the celebrity magazines .
CNN 's Jeanne Moos reports that the PR fiasco that has surrounded this picture has come mostly in the form of You - tube parodies and clever blog - spots .
Eddie Izzard responded with a ' Stoned Olympics ' routine .
A Facebook group titled ' I do n't care that Michael Phelps smoked a bong ' sprung up and attracted hundreds of members overnight .
Given that Michael Phelps was the most popular person on Facebook this summer , topping even Barack Obama , it seems natural -- even organic -- that the Internet community could forgive him for smoking pot .
The Richland County sheriff alleges that Phelps may face charges , if the date of the photo was recorded .
" I just do n't think ... you can publicize and say I 'm sorry , and we 'll just forget about it .
He 's not above the law . "
However , after Jeanne Moos ' report , CNN's American Morning anchor John Roberts questioned the sheriff 's assertion .
" I do n't think smoking it is a crime , " he said .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Feb. 4 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
id : shiumachi さんによるリーナス・トーバルズのインタビューの日本語訳が
JF で公開されている 。
JF の Wiki にずっと公開されていたとはいえ、正式公開まで大変な忍耐を要したと思うのでそれを労いたいというのがあり、またインタビューが公開されたときにもワタシは紹介しているが、ボリュームのある網羅的な内容なので多くの人に読んでもらいたいと思った次第。
あと細かい点だが 「 誰がプロジェクトの中心人物なのですか？」の前にインタビュアーの表記が抜けている。直に修正されるだろうが。
（追記：修正されました）
以下、リーナスの気になる発言をいくつか引用しておく（賛同しないものも含まれる）。
Ruby GUI 2008 Survey Results
Towards the end of 2008 , I conducted a survey of Ruby programmers about their use of and attitudes towards graphical user interaction ( GUI ) libraries used for creating desktop applications .
English | 日本語
Downloads
Summary of Findings
The survey received a total of 399 responses ; 80 % of these completed the whole survey .
Respondents were evenly split into those who ’d never done GUI programming in Ruby , those who had in the past but were n’t doing so now , and those who were currently doing so .
Most of those doing GUI development were working alone , either on “ fun ” projects or open - source software .
One in three was using GUI libraries to develop in - house company tools ; just under 10 % were working on commercial GUI software .
The Ruby GUI “ scene ” remains fragmented : the survey found at least a dozen separate GUI libraries in current use .
The most used toolkits were Shoes ( 21 % ) , Ruby - GNOME2 ( 19 % ) and wxRuby ( 16 % ) .
Of users naming a single preferred toolkit , Ruby - GNOME2 and Shoes were chosen by 26 % , wxRuby by 17 % and RubyCocoa 11 % ; no other toolkit received more than 10 % .
There are striking differences between Japanese and Euro - American Ruby users .
Among Japanese Ruby developers , Ruby - GNOME2 is the preferred toolkit of a majority ( 56 % ) , whereas among Euro - Americans , it lies third behind Shoes and wxRuby in popularity .
Preference for one or other of the two leading comprehensive toolkits ( GNOME2 and Wx ) is not strongly predicted by the general importance attached to features of GUI libraries .
This suggests their capabilities and range of potential applications largely overlap .
The emergence of new Ruby implementations and their associated GUI options has already had an effect on usage .
MacRuby / Cocoa and , to a lesser degree , JRuby / Swing are well used and well regarded .
MacRuby / Cocoa was the highest rated among all options for how well it met users ’ GUI development requirements .
Ruby - Tk received the worst rating for how well it meets users ’
GUI requirements , with a modal rating of ‘ poor ’ .
It was the only library for which fewer respondents said they planned to use it in the future than are currently using it .
It seems its continued inclusion in the standard library is unjustified .
Among those with an opinion , there ’s a 60/40 split against including any GUI library in the Ruby standard distribution .
The high degree of fragmentation has not served potential GUI developers well .
Almost all see Ruby as a viable GUI programming language , but the immaturity of the toolkits is the commonest reason for not using Ruby for GUI work .
The means of redistributing ruby GUI apps to end users is another obstacle .
The release of Ruby 1.9 addresses some perceived impediments to GUI development in Ruby , such as improved speed , and , more importantly , the availability of system - level threading .
There is scope for the reference Ruby implementation to further improve Ruby as a platform for desktop applications , for example , by offering bytecode loading .
Further info
Thanks to all those who participated in the survey and to those who contributed to its development .
Thank you to Kouhei Sutou for the Japanese translation of this page .
The report only presents findings from a selected range of questions ; I ’m happy to share the anonymised raw data with those interested in conducting further analysis .
If you ’re interested , please get in touch , describing your non-commercial use of the data and confirming that you wo n’t attempt to identify individual respondents .
Assessed values and market values do n’t always match .
But for many homeowners , the B.C. Assessment valuations that occur on July 1 every year provide a pretty good snapshot of the value of their property .
Property - assessment review panels sit from February to March 15 to provide people with an opportunity to appeal .
This year , there are a couple of twists in the normal order of business .
At the B.C. Liberal convention on November 1 , Premier Gordon Campbell announced that the government would “ lock in assessments ” at the 2007 level .
The government introduced legislation later that month requiring assessments to be based on whichever was lower : the 2007 or the 2008 valuation .
Another twist is what has happened in the real - estate market since July 2007 .
According to news releases from the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver , the benchmark prices for various properties are lower now than they were in the summer of 2007 .
So if homeowners ’ assessments have been locked in at the 2007 valuation level , they likely wo n’t reflect the current market value of housing in this region .
Here ’s what the REBGV stated in a news release reporting statistics for July 2007 : “ The benchmark price of a detached unit is $ 714,810 , up 10.9 percent from last year . ”
And here ’s what the REBGV stated in a more recent news release about the Janaury 2009 statistics :
“ The benchmark price for detached properties declined 11.2 percent to $ 659,638 in January 2009 compared to $ 742,490 [ in ] January 2008 . ”
If you compare the two news releases , it ’s pretty easy to see that the benchmark price for detached properties fell from $ 714,810 to $ 659,638 between July 2007 and January 2009 .
That ’s a drop of $ 55,172 , or 7.7 percent .
But the assessed value , according to the premier ’s announcement , remains locked in at the July 2007 levels .
Do n’t be surprised if some people show up at the review panels this month and claim that those levels are n’t fair .
Now , let ’s look at attached property sales .
In July 2007 , the benchmark price , according to the REBGV , was $ 448,383 .
In January 2009 , that price was $ 425,309 — a drop of $ 23,074 , or 5.1 percent .
For apartment properties , the benchmark price fell from $ 364,510 to $ 334,602 .
That ’s down $ 29,908 , or 8.2 percent .
On January 22 , area assessor Jason Grant and deputy assessor Grant McDonald gave a presentation on the assessment process to Vancouver city council ’s city services and budgets committee .
They provided some interesting information , noting that the valuation of all properties in the city is $ 183 billion in the 2009 assessment roll .
The downtown area has the highest value : $ 16.2 billion .
However , Grant and McDonald did not mention the significant drop in the market value of properties between July 2007 and January 2009 .
None of the councillors raised this issue , either .
Grant emphasized that more than 98 percent of the property owners in Vancouver will not see increased assessments this year .
McDonald pointed out that the few instances of higher valuations were typically due to an improvement to the property .
In addition , McDonald said , the July 1 , 2007 , valuation date is reflected in the 2008 assessment - roll value .
Without last November ’s provincial legislation , the 2009 assessment roll would have been based on July 1 , 2008 , valuations , which were significantly higher than today ’s market values .
It seems that many homeowners are satisfied with this .
Perhaps they have n’t paid a great deal of attention to the REBGV news releases , which chronicle how market values have fallen .
McDonald told the council committee that inquiries from property owners were down about 50 percent this year compared with previous years .
That means the review panels wo n’t deal with as many appeals this year .
At the B.C. Liberal convention , Premier Campbell said that locking in property assessments at July 2007 levels would create “ stability ” for homeowners .
In reality , the B.C. government ’s move created stability for municipal governments , which wo n’t have to increase mill rates to offset declining property values .
Many property owners have n’t paid a great deal of attention to the implications of the premier ’s announcement , so they might not realize that their assessed values likely exceed the market values of their homes .
SQL ( Structured Query Language ) has been enormously successful as a tool for programmers .
However , it completely failed at its intended purpose : a way for non-programmers to ask questions of a database .
I do n’t think any other syntax would have been more successful .
SQL syntax can be a little awkward , but that ’s not the reason the general public does n’t write SQL queries .
The barrier to general use is that few people can form a moderately complex query precisely .
Doing so requires thinking in terms of sets and logic .
The difficulty is intrinsic to the problem ; it ’s not a problem of syntax .
I think about SQL every time I hear someone talking about how programmers are going to go away and that users will write their own software .
And learning SQL is a pretty small task compared to learning everything else you need to know to develop software .
I also think about SQL when I hear someone talk about writing the ultimate report generator .
Such a generator would be equivalent to SQL , and so it would take a programmer to use it .
A good report generator is useful precisely because it is specialized to some context and therefore easier to use .
Update : I do n’t want to imply that you need to be a professional programmer to understand SQL or that you need years of training .
But you do need an aptitude for programming .
Someone with an aptitude for programming might catch on to SQL quickly .
But someone without an aptitude for programming is going to require a combination of incentive , patience , and training before they ’ll ever use SQL .
If Google ’s home page required users to enter Boolean expressions , they would have gone bankrupt long ago .
Related post :
Why there will always be programmers
Experiencing numbness or tingling here could signal a serious form of dementia
DEMENTIA symptoms are often subtle at first and become more disruptive as the ...
Bethesda , MD ( February 10 , 2009 ) – Digestive , liver and pancreatic diseases result in more than 100 million outpatient visits and 13 million hospitalizations annually at a cost of $ 141.8 billion .
A new report commissioned by the National Institutes of Health finds that costs , doctor visits , prescription costs and hospitalizations related to digestive diseases have risen significantly in recent years .
The Burden of Digestive Diseases in the United States report is summarized in Gastroenterology , the official journal of the American Gastroenterological Association ( AGA ) Institute .
" This report gives us the best recent update on the toll digestive diseases exact on patients and society – and there are both positive and negative trends , " said James E. Everhart , MD , MPH of the Division of Digestive Diseases and Nutrition , National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases , and lead author of the study .
" While deaths from digestive diseases have gradually declined over the last 25 years , they still result in more than 230 thousand deaths per year .
Some diseases stand out in significance .
For example , outpatient visits and hospitalizations for gastroesophageal reflux disease increased several fold in the last 15 years with a corresponding increase in the incidence of its complication of esophageal cancer . "
Notable findings include :
Doctor visits increased more than 50 percent since 2000 ( 100 M in 2004 ; 45 M in 2000 ) .
Hospitalizations exceeded 13 million in 2004 ( up > 4 M since 2002 ) .
Indirect costs1 more than doubled since 1998 ( $ 20B in 1998 ; $ 44 B in 2004 ) .
Direct costs2 topped $ 97 billion in 2004 , up from $ 85 billion in 1998 .
Deaths related to digestive diseases gradually declined between 1979 and 2004 ( 236 M ) , which is largely attributable to a decrease in colorectal cancer mortality due to increased screening rates .
Nearly 136 million prescriptions have been written for digestive diseases , costing more than $ 12 billion .
According to the report , the 10 most costly digestive diseases in both direct and indirect costs are :
Digestive cancers : $ 24.1 billion [ $ 9.5 billion cost of colorectal cancer , $ 4.3 billion cost for pancreatic cancer are included in the digestive cancers total ]
Liver disease : $ 13.1 billion Gastroesophageal reflux disease ( GERD ) : $ 12.6 billion Gallstones : $ 6.2 billion Abdominal wall hernia : $ 6.1 billion Diverticular disease : $ 4.0 billion Pancreatitis : $ 3.7 billion Viral hepatitis ( A , B , C ) : $ 3.3 billion Peptic ulcer disease : $ 3.1 billion Appendicitis : $ 2.6 billion
The Burden of Digestive Diseases in the United States is part of the National Commission on Digestive Diseases at the NIH .
The AGA worked with our champions in Congress to propose the Commission , which was established to enhance research on digestive diseases for the benefit of patients and their families .
The Commission has conducted an overview of the state of the science in digestive diseases research and is developing a 10 - year plan for digestive diseases research .
Implementing the recommendations of the National Commission on Digestive Diseases is one of the AGA 's highest research priorities .
AGA encourages NIH to convene an oversight body and to develop an estimated ' professional judgment budget ' for implementation of the Commission 's long - range plan for digestive disease research .
" This report quantifies the substantial and growing burden of digestive diseases on patients and our health - care system .
There is a tremendous need for more research into the causes , diagnosis and treatment of digestive diseases , " according to Robert S. Sandler , MD , AGAF , president of the AGA Institute .
" At the same time , the report identifies conditions that are costly but understudied such as diverticular disease and appendicitis where there is a high burden but little research . "
Source : American Gastroenterological Association
Four Swedish internet pirates today faced the wrath of Hollywood ’s entertainment industry as the biggest file sharing court case since Napster began in Stockholm , Sweden .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The four men on trial are the brains behind the Pirate Bay – the world ’s largest file sharing website .
They are charged with accessory to breaking copyright law by helping millions of Internet users download protected works .
The Pirate Bay does n't host copyrighted content , but directs users to the material using a popular downloading client called BitTorrent .
Fredrik Neij , 30 , Gottfrid Svartholm Warg , 24 , Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi , 30 , and Carl Lundström , 48 , claim they have done nothing wrong but if convicted they could face up to two years in prison and pay damages of 93 million SEK ( nearly £ 8 million ) .
It is likely that whoever loses the trial will appeal to a higher court .
The defendants believe that they will be cleared of any wrongdoing and told The Independent that any other outcome would be a “ would be a political travesty . ”
“ No matter if we win or lose , file sharing will continue .
When all this is finished it is not certain that the Pirate Bay is relevant any more , as one year on the internet is like ten human years , ” said Tobias Andersson , the spokesman for the organisation .
With more than 25 million unique users the Pirate Bay is the most visible member in a growing international anti-copyright — or pro-piracy — movement that is striking terror in the heart of the entertainment industry .
It is estimated that file sharing accounts for nearly 60 per cent of all internet usage , and around 10 per cent of all downloads are made by people in the UK .
The website was started by the so called ‘ Pirate Bureau ’ in 2003 , two years after Napster lost its court case against the music industry .
The Pirate Bay quickly became the most popular place for internet users who wanted to download the latest films , TV shows , games and music .
What sets the Pirate Bay apart from other file sharing sites is that it publicly defend file sharing and claims it is a ‘ force of good ’ :
“ The entertainment industry is spending their last money on suing us rather than investing in new business models .
It will hopefully be the demise of slow fat giants and the birth of an artist friendly , consumer friendly and sound creating culture , ” Mr Andersson said .
This view is echoed by Rick Falkvinge , the leader of the ‘ Pirate Party ’ , a Swedish political party formed as a result of the growing concern amongst the file sharing community that their civil liberties were being clamped down on as a result of the entertainment industry ’s powerful lobby .
The party has over 9,700 members and received 34,918 votes in the last general election .
“ We believe that peoples ’ right to free access to culture has greater value to society than the right of the holder of the copyright to get paid , ” Mr Falkvinge said .
“ This trial is about ideology and politics and you can draw parallels about this case to the past .
When the printing press was invented in the 16th century the French establishment wanted it banned because they feared they would n’t be able to control the masses , but they could n’t stop it .
When libraries were launched in the UK the 19th century the establishment claimed that no more books would ever be written as a result because authors would never be able to survive if people read books for free .
Clearly this is not the case , ” he added .
The prosecution dismisses the idea that the trial may have a significant ideological importance .
Monique Wadsted is representing Warner Brothers , 20th Century Fox , MGM and Columbia :
“ This trial is not about ideology or politics .
The Pirate Bay is a commercial business and its owners are making a vast amount of money by breaking copyright laws on a daily basis .
They will go to jail for this , ” she said .
“ It is a very important case as the outcome will affect all creative artists and publishers and how they will be able to survive in the future , ” she added .
The chairman and chief executive of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) , which represents music and film producers in the case said : “ The Pirate Bay is a commercial business which made substantial amounts of money for its operators , despite their claim to be only interested in spreading culture for free . "
The Pirate Bay ’s owners claim they spend all the revenue from advertising on legal and web hosting costs , but Ms Wadsted does not believe this is the case and her legal team estimates that the Pirate Bay accumulate 1,2 million SEK ( £ 100,000 ) per year in advertising revenue .
“ We have found out that they have set up a company on the British Virgin Islands , but we are not able to find out how much are in these accounts , ” Ms Wadsted said .
Despite the entertainment industry ’s knowledge of the website it has taken them six years to bring the four pirates to justice .
The Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) who sees Pirate Bay as the top offender in the ever - increasing piracy movement urged the Swedish government to take action against the site in 2005 .
In May 2006 the Pirate Bay ’s headquarters were raided by the Swedish police and all its servers were confiscated .
Thinking it had scored a major victory , the MPAA thought it had scored a major victory , producing a news release entitled “ Swedish Authorities Sink Pirate Bay " .
But the celebration did n't last long .
The website was back online three days later , and its closure sparked mass protests and generated so much sympathy for the pro-file sharing cause that both candidates for prime minister announced publicly that they did not think young file - sharers should be treated as criminals .
“ It is very difficult to say what the outcome of this case will be , ” said David Price , head of piracy intelligence at the internet consultancy Envisional .
“ Who ever loses the case will undoubtedly appeal .
But it is clear that if the Pirate Bay wins the case it will be a symbolic victory for file - sharers across the world and a huge blow for the entertainment industry , ” he added .
“ Even if the Pirate Bay loses this case it will be extremely difficult for the authorities to shut the site down because it is an internationally hosted site .
If the servers in Sweden get shut down they will simply open more in other countries , ” Mr Price said .
BitTorrent , the downloading system which the Pirate Bay uses is the most popular way of downloading large files off the internet due to its speed and ease of use .
Unlike other download methods , BitTorrent maximises transfer speed by gathering pieces of the file in demand and downloading these pieces simultaneously from people who already have them .
The more people downloading a file , the faster everyone gets it .
The Pirate Bay only hosts the so - called Torrent files which mean that no actual copyrighted material is stored on their website ; it merely points your computer in the right direction to where to collect it .
“ The Pirate Bay is merely a tracker of torrents .
No copyrighted material ever passes our servers .
One can not sue the maker of a crowbar for burglaries , simply because the thief might use a crowbar .
It is up to the users to share whatever they want .
There is no criminal intent , ” Mr Andersson said .
Jim Killock , the executive director of the Open Rights Group , a British civil liberties group devoted to the digital universe is worried that the trial will make heroes out of the file - sharers and polarise the debate which he believes is less about ideology and more about failing business models .
“ People want an ' all - you - can - eat ' music service at a low price so they can experiment .
They do n't want to pay per download .
But we 've waited years for such a service and there 's no sign of agreement from the four global record companies .
It ’s a similar story with the film industry , they just need to wake up and get on with the job , " he said .
Free services like the newly launched ‘ Spotify ’ where music is streamed with adverts rather than downloaded are being hailed as the future of music on the internet as consumers no longer need to own media in order to consume it .
BBC ’s iPlayer and its American counterpart Hulu are other examples of how the entertainment industry is trying to catch up consumers ’ demands for a high quality free service .
In a world where consumers have increasing access to the Internet on their mobile phones and laptops the need to download entertainment is becoming increasingly superfluous .
“ If the entertainment industry gives consumers the means to access media in a simple and accessible way they will not bother to illegally download music , TV shows and films , ” said Mr Price .
“ And if you ca n’t win the fight against the pirates you simply have to learn from them and use it to your advantage . ”
Do you sometimes forget things ?
Birthdays , names , dates ?
Surely you are not alone and the good news is that there are easy ways to improve your memory .
The memory capacity varies greatly from person to person regardless of age .
However , there are some factors that affect these skills : hypertension , insomnia , excessive alcohol consumption , thyroid problems , depression , or merely the absence of stimuli .
All these reduce the performance of our memory .
The same happens if you get too much information .
The flow of information today is frightening and the loaded mind has low absorption .
Another factor affecting memory is stress .
The stress hormones neutralize the transporting glucose molecules in hippo-campus and leave the brain with low energy .
If the stress is chronic , the same hormones act as acid which passes through the neurons leading to the reduction of hippo-campus
If this trend is continuous , can destroy the neurons of hippo-campus .
The first thing to do in order to improve your memory is to accept the fact that you forget and recognize the need to improve .
In simple terms improving your memory is a matter of adequate training of the brain .
Below there are some easy to follow tips and techniques that can help you improve your memory .
Quick
Tips to improve your memory
1 . You need to be active
This applies to all things you do or hear or think or read .
Try to keep notes or make sure you heard and understood what someone else tells you .
When you are passive your brain gets carried away and you loose your concentration and ability to memorize things .
Be active so that the brain can record what was said .
This helps remembering the information easily in the future .
2. Focus
Focus and give attention to details as well .
Everyday we receive a huge amount of information but we only remember what we consider important .
A good trick to help you remember everything is thinking that everything is important .
Pretend for example that you are investigating a murder and that everything happening around you is very important for your case and you need to remember it .
3 . Make combinations – Associate your thoughts
Combine what you want to remember with things you already know .
The item that connects them may be a colour , a number or a rhyme .
To remember a list of things try to associate the items in the list with images and visualize them in your brain .
For example if the first think in your list is a pen try to visualize the list and keep an image of a pen on top .
So you have visually combined the pen with the first thing of your list .
You can also use acronyms and combinations of names – or make suggestions using the first letter of each word – as retention tools .
4. Repetition
Repetition helps your memory .
It “ forces ” something we want to remember to be “ printed ” in our brain .
When you meet someone for the first time , immediately repeat his / her name several times or when you are given a telephone number , write it down and repeat it aloud .
If you need to always remember something write it a few times on a piece of paper and make sure that your are concentrated and focused when you do that .
5. Combinations
Combine the names of the persons you cannot remember easily with someone who looks like them or with a word that describes them most .
Play with their names and get a visual picture in your mind .
6 . Analyse new information
We tend to remember what interests us and to forget things we do not like .
If you hate maths , it will be extremely difficult for you to remember complex theorems .
But if you look into the matter deeply and understand how much difficulty was for the scientists to come up with this theory you will remember it much more easily .
The same holds for other cases as well .
There is a reason why you can remember the phone of your favourite pizzeria and not the phone of your dentist .
7 . Be patient – Improving your memory needs time
The memory is not instantaneous .
You must give yourself time to « digest » the information .
There are things that you can remember more quickly than others so do not put yourself in trying to memorize everything if it is not fast enough .
When you try to remember something it is essential to keep your energy high and accrue .
8. Relax
The pressure is effective for some people but most operate better when they are relaxed and de-stressed .
When we are pressed and stressed , we cannot remember anything .
Can you recall a case where you are asked for the name of a singer you know and at that moment you could not remember it and then suddenly you remember it at some irrelevant phase .
Take a deep breath .
Do not get stressed if you cannot remember something its no big deal .
The relaxation will enhance the thinking and your memory .
9 . Keep your mind alert
The apathy is good when you want to relax , but this should not be your way of living .
The more you keep your memory vigilant , the better it works .
This becomes even more important as it grows .
Do crosswords , learn new words everyday and read as much as you can .
You need to continually exercise your memory and your intelligence .
10 . Exercise
The brain is closely connected with the body .
You need to exercise daily so as to have good blood circulation and rejuvenate your lungs .
Eat those foods that can give your body the nutrients and vitamins needed .
The overdose of alcohol and drugs can impair your memory .
11 . Make sure that you include magnesium in your daily diet .
The lack of magnesium in the body may reduce memory and learning opportunities .
Unlike , the abundance of magnesium may improve memory and cognitive functions .
The magnesium regulates a receptor in the brain that has a key role in memory and learning .
Maintaining a normal concentration of magnesium is essential for the functioning of the central nervous system that controls our memory
The dose of magnesium needed by the body daily is around 400 mg .
The magnesium is found in leafy dark green vegetables .
Also found in dried vegetables , almonds and other nuts , rice , bananas and avocados .
Magnesium helps to generate proteins , bone mass , and it releases energy stored in the muscles and helps to regulate body temperature .
The lack of magnesium is responsible for allergies , asthma , attention deficit , muscle cramps , fatigue , drowsiness , apathy , confusion , poor memory , difficulty in learning , stress , and heart disease .
Since people appreciate those who have very good memory , it is worth trying .
It will certainly help you at work and in your personal life .
You 've heard many times that money can't buy happiness .
That probably never stopped you from shopping .
But a new study suggests you might want to spend more on doing things and less on stuff .
Buying life experiences rather than material possessions leads to greater happiness for both the consumer and those around them , researchers announced today at the annual meeting of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology .
A meal out or tickets to the theater result in increased well - being because they satisfy higher order needs , specifically the need for social connectedness and vitality — a feeling of being alive , the researchers say .
" These findings support an extension of basic need theory , where purchases that increase psychological need satisfaction will produce the greatest well - being , " said Ryan Howell , assistant professor of psychology at San Francisco State University .
A survey in the journal Science in 2006 showed that income plays a rather insignificant role in day - to - day happiness .
There are situations where cash helps , however , including for those who become sick or disabled , another study found ; for them , money matters .
Another study found giving money away can bring some measure of glee .
Participants in the new study were asked to write reflections and answer questions about their recent purchases .
Participants indicated that experiential purchases represented money better spent and greater happiness for both themselves and others .
The results also indicate that experiences produce more happiness regardless of the amount spent or the income of the consumer .
Experiences also lead to longer - term satisfaction .
" Purchased experiences provide memory capital , " Howell said .
" We do n't tend to get bored of happy memories like we do with a material object . "
Howell notes that several studies going back at least 35 years show that money does not make people happy .
Yet the belief persists that it will .
" Maybe this belief has held because money is making some people happy some of the time , at least when they spend it on life experiences , " Howell said .
( CNN ) -- A Navy helicopter whipped the waves as the U.S. Coast Guard closed in on the suspected drug traffickers abandoning their homemade submarine off the coast of Ecuador .
U.S. Navy and Coast Guard personnel approach a sinking drug sub about 200 miles off the coast of Ecuador .
The men did n't go down with the ship , but any evidence did .
When authorities confront " drug subs " on the high seas , trafficking busts turn into rescue operations , the Coast Guard says .
In the past , no evidence meant no case .
But a new law aims to change that .
The Drug Trafficking Vessel Interdiction
Act of 2008 was signed into law in September .
The statute makes it a felony , punishable by up to 20 years in prison , to travel through international waters in the vessels , technically known as self - propelled semisubmersibles .
Drug subs come in several forms and are built of fiberglass , wood and steel in the swamps along the west coast of Colombia , under the cover of heavy foliage , Coast Guard officials say .
Despite costing upwards of $ 2 million , the vessels are generally abandoned at sea after delivering their cargo , according to the Coast Guard .
But with cargo values estimated to range from $ 200 million to $ 400 million , the investment pays big dividends .
They are hard to see , rising less than 2 feet ( little more than a half - meter ) above the waterline , and can be 80 feet ( 24 meters ) long , large enough to move 10 to 15 tons ( about 9,000 to 14,000 kilograms ) of cocaine at a time .
Federal officials estimate drug subs now transport about one - third of all cocaine that moves by sea from South America to the United States .
Detecting the vessels is nearly impossible for law enforcement even with advancements in sonar , radar and infrared technology .
Catching them involves a combination of good intelligence and luck , and often relies on the use of helicopters .
Once caught , suspected smugglers often " scuttle , " or sink , the subs , sending both vessel and cocaine to the bottom of the sea .
Though maritime law requires drug - trafficking crews in distress to be rescued , the crews are usually released without prosecution , because of a lack of physical evidence .
But under the new law , no physical evidence is necessary .
Just being on board a drug sub is proof enough .
A dozen suspected cocaine smugglers taken into custody between December 31 and January 8 could be among the first prosecuted under the new law .
The cases are expected to develop over the next several weeks , according to a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office .
Besides a stiff prison sentence , suspects could be fined up to $ 1 million if convicted .
The suspects were taken in three separate drug sub incidents in which alleged traffickers sank the vessels and cargo .
The first came December 31 , some 200 miles ( 322 kilometers ) off the coast of Ecuador .
Another vessel was stopped January 7 about 550 miles off the coast of Ecuador .
The most recent arrests were made January 8 , about 150 miles offshore from the Ecuador - Colombia border .
" As we go through the first prosecutions associated with this , we are actually kind of paving new ground here on how it is we have to prepare cases , " said Adm .
Thad Allen , commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard .
" I think you can see where the planned operation of one of these vehicles on the high seas is a crime in and of itself significantly , significantly simplifies the prosecution for us , " he said .
The new law , while untested , appears likely to pass constitutional muster .
" This is a unique statue probably born out of the frustration of federal officials trying to prove criminal activity on part of the drug traffickers , " said Robert Silbering , former special narcotics prosecutor for New York .
" This just throws another obstacle in the way of traffickers . "
" The idea here is we do n't have to catch you with the drugs ; if we catch you with the vessel , we are going to prosecute you for that , " said David A. Moran , a professor at the University of Michigan Law School .
But as the law evolves , so do the traffickers ' tactics , Allen said .
" The latest adaptation , " he noted , " is the introduction of liquid cocaine and smaller loads on faster boats hugging the coastline and trying to avoid us by staying in the territorial sea of another nation . "
All About Drug Trafficking • Thad Allen • U.S. Coast Guard
She Was a Girl from Birmingham :
fallacious pro-life arguments and how to respond to them 4/24/07 Aside from the War and those pop-up polls about whether Britney Spears ’s kids should be taken away where you can win a free ringtone , abortion is the nation ’s most hotly contested issue , and last week ’s Supreme Court ruling has thrust it back into the spotlight .
We all know that practically everyone who ’s pro-life is pro-life because of wack religious shit , but unlike other right - wing positions based on wack religious shit , Conservatives are actually willing to engage in debates about abortion , because they are under the impression that they have good arguments aside from the core mumbo - jumbo about souls .
Many Liberals , however , are disinclined to debate minutiae outside of our general prescription about “ a woman ’s right to choose . ”
The 1585 of course agrees with the idea that a woman has this right , but I also think it ’s important to remember that this right is derived from myriad smaller logical points .
And when we assert it a priori and refuse to engage beyond that , it makes Conservatives think that their arguments are more “ logical ” than ours ( when they ’re actually not ) and that we are basing our stance on the warrant that women should be able to do whatever they want simply because they ’re women .
So , to help you the next time you find yourself in an abortion debate that advances beyond the sloganeering of “ souls vs. rights , ” here are some sweet , checkmate - ass retorts to some of the most common Conservative attacks on Roe v. Wade — all based on superior logic , so as to nullify the Conservative ’s accusation that your position is based solely on touchy - feeliness , or whatever stupid thing they were going to say .
So ...
When they say ..._________ -->
You say ... _________
1 . “ Being pro-choice is illogical !
If your mom had had an abortion , then you would n’t be here ! ” Response : Yes , that ’s true .
It ’s also true that I would n’t be here if my parents had never met , or not had sex that day , or if my dad had jizzed two seconds later or two seconds earlier , or jerked off earlier that day , or had something different for lunch .
There is an effectively infinite amount of shit that could have caused me or anyone else to “ not be here , ” so why single out abortion ?
1 b . “ But the fetus is already alive ! ” Response : Technically , so are sperm , and millions of those already die inside your nuts every day anyway , and a fetus early on is no more alive than an individual sperm cell is .
1 c . “ But sperm would n’t survive outside the body for more than a couple of seconds . ”
Response : Exactly .
Neither would a fetus .
Oh , and just so you know , I could be giving you shit for calling it a fetus before the third month , because before that it ’s an embryo and before that it ’s a zygote , but what the hell , I can fuck you up on this regardless .
1d . “ There ’s no difference between all those fancy science words !
It is a human baby ! ” Response : I ’m so glad you said that , because there is actually a big difference between those “ fancy science words , ” as you call them .
Even after it stops being just a bunch of cells , the blob in question is still just a retarded fish or some shit for a while .
2 . “ What the hell are you talking about ? ” Response :
What I ’m talking about is the fact that , although we now know that ontogeny does n't exactly recapitulate phylogeny , it is still the case that the characteristics unique to a species tend to appear very late in its fetal development .
Thus , whether a fetus is alive is actually not the same question as whether it is human , because the parts that make it human — the cerebrum , for example — do n’t appear until the ass- end of the gestation period .
2 b . “ Oh , yeah ?
Well , I… actually , wait , nevermind . ”
Response :
No , that ’s okay , what is it ?
2 c . “ Nothing . ” Response :
Are you sure ?
You were n’t going to say that you do n’t believe in evolution , by any chance , were you ?
2d . “ Maybe , but why are you dragging the evolution debate into this ?
Is n’t it totally irrelevant ? ” Response :
That ’s what I ’d assumed you were going to say , and the reason I assumed this also explains why the evolution , ahem , “ debate ” is relevant , as follows : Only 14 % of the U.S. population believe that evolution is “ definitely true , ” 51 % believe it is “ definitely not true ” — i.e. , they are Creationists — and the other 35 % are n’t sure .
Since the same population is split roughly 50/50 on the abortion debate , and both these issues correlate nearly exactly with party identity itself , this means that there are virtually no pro-life people who believe in evolution , which is something you never really hear anyone bring up .
But since the abortion debate is about whether the fetus is “ human , ” and since the reason it is n’t directly involves evolution — i.e. , someone ca n’t debate the relationship between ontogeny and phylogeny if that person does not accept the existence of phylogeny itself to begin with —
I think it ’s something people should start pointing out a whole lot more , seeing as how anything that anyone who does n’t believe in evolution has to say about abortion is automatically just as useless and irrelevant as what they have to say about evolution itself , and that virtually no - one who is against abortion believes in evolution .
2e .
“ But the whatever - it - is would still end up being a human baby if you did n’t do anything about it . ”
Response : Yeah , which is why you do something about it — namely , having an abortion .
3 . “ But you are messing around with Nature !
Are n’t you happy to be alive ? ”
Response :
Those are two different points , but I can answer them both together , since they were both stupid .
You are already “ messing around with Nature ” in everything that you do .
For example , are you planning to go have sex with someone five minutes from now ?
3 b . “ Of course not .
I ’m a giant loser . ”
Response : Okay , well , if you did go have sex with someone five minutes from now , then you might have gotten that person pregnant , so therefore I guess you are “ messing with Nature ” by continuing to stand here and have this conversation with me , since by doing so you are preventing the person you would otherwise have been creating from existing .
And by the way , same goes for the fact that you are not planning to go rape someone in five minutes , so I guess that means you think rape is not only excusable , but a moral imperative , since you are effectively “ causing people to not be here ” by not going around raping women 24 hours a day .
4 . “ Of course I do n’t think rape is okay .
In fact , I think women who are pregnant because of rape should be allowed to get abortions . ”
Response : I ’m so happy you said so , because guess what ?
That means you were lying before when you said that you thought the fetus was a living human being .
If you really thought that , then you would consider a rape exemption to be equivalent to murdering an innocent for someone else ’s crime .
So you basically just admitted that you are only really against abortion because you want to punish women for having sex voluntarily , because you ’re pissed off about being a giant loser .
4b . “ Hey , I ’m not a giant loser ! ” Response : Dude , you just admitted you were a giant loser like two minutes ago .
4 c . “ Oh , yeah .
In retrospect , that was a grievous misstep . ”
Response : Do n’t worry .
It ’s not like it was some big secret in the first place .
5 . “ You are only mature enough to have sex if you are mature enough to raise a child ! ” ( sometimes phrased as ) “ You should only have sex if you are willing to accept the consequences of pregnancy ! ” Response : Bullshit .
While it is obviously true that pregnancy is something that can happen as a result of having sex , it is equally true that dying in a car accident is something that can happen as a result of driving a car , so you could just as easily say that no - one should drive a car unless they are willing to die in a car accident .
5 b . “ That ’s different ! ” Response :
How is it different ?
A fatal car crash is a terrible accident that can happen as the result of driving a car , and getting pregnant is a terrible accident that can happen as the result of having sex .
There are things you can do to reduce the risk of getting pregnant , like using birth control and condoms ( which you are also against for some reason ) , and there are things you can do to reduce the risk of dying in a car accident — and , now that I think about it , are n’t you guys also the ones who think there should be no speed limits and who opposed mandatory seat - belt laws ?
Interesting .
Are you sure your goal is n’t just to ruin people ’s lives because you ’re insane ?
6 . “ Well , what about Post - Abortion Syndrome ?
It has been proven that eleventy billion percent of women who have abortions are depressed and shit afterwards ! ”
Response : I ’m going to respond to this in stages .
First of all , it has been nowhere near proven — and in fact , very nearly disproven — that Post - Abortion Syndrome exists .
People get depressed for lots of reasons , including lots of pregnant women who do n’t get abortions and get depressed after having the baby , which would seem to indicate that there are chemical processes going on during pregnancy that are likely to make you depressed either way .
Secondly , since there is high correlation between abortion and unplanned pregnancy , and also high correlation between unplanned pregnancy and depression ( because people with bipolar disorder or clinical depression tend to engage in risky behavior more often than the general population ) , it is very likely depression that ’s indirectly leading to abortion , rather than the other way around .
So that ’s two post - hoc fallacies on your part .
Finally , there ’s also the fact that even if women are getting depressed after having abortions , that does n’t prove it ’s wrong .
You get depressed after quitting your job or breaking up with someone too , because big changes in life tend to rattle people , even if in the long run they are the right decisions .
Plus , there ’s also the seemingly obvious fact that , to the extent it does exist , you assholes are causing this alleged Post - Abortion depression yourselves by making women feel like there ’s something wrong with having an abortion , so this P.A.S. shit is also a fallacy of self - fulfilling prophecy .
If half the country were always screaming that it was evil to eat broccoli , then there ’d probably be such a thing as Post - Broccoli - Eating Syndrome , but that would n’t prove that there ’s something wrong with eating broccoli , only that the people who scream about it are nuts .
7 . “ You are doing so much crazy stuff with logic that you are losing sight of the real world ! "
Response :
That 's an interesting objection , since you began by accusing me of not being logical .
I guess logic is suddenly a bad thing , now that you 've realized I 'm actually better at it than you are , huh ?
Anyway , this is a stupid objection , since you 're essentially saying that my arguments are bad because my arguments are good — i.e. , that I am so smart that being smart is making me wrong .
No dice .
Today is not Opposite Day. 7 b .
" Well , you can only say all that stuff because you went to a fancy school ! "
Response : Well , no shit .
That 's how you become smart .
But that does n't mean that being right actually counts as being wrong .
By the way , I was also pretty smart to begin with , which is how I got into the fancy school in the first place .
7 c . " No , it 's not !
You only got in because you 're Black ! "
Response : Dude , I 'm not Black .
7d . " Oh , yeah .
Oops . "
Response : No harm done .
I guess you 're just so used to saying that , sometimes you do n't even stop to think about whether the person you 're talking to is actually even Black , huh ?
8 . " I guess so …
But even if you can prove with your fancy logic that abortion should be legal , it is still horrible and we should do everything we can to lower the number of abortions being performed ! ”
Response : Okay , so why do n’t you become a Liberal , since we are the ones who are “ doing everything we can to lower the number of abortions being performed ” — e.g. , giving people access to birth control and information about safe sex , not to mention trying to eliminate poverty , since the most common impetus for abortion is financial problems .
The number of abortions being performed in the U.S. went down during Clinton ’s presidency and then back up under Bush II , because lunatics like you who are against abortion are also against all the things that actually prevent people from needing to get abortions .
So , the question is , do you actually want to lower the number of abortions being performed , or just be pissed off about sex because you ’re a loser ?
8 b . “ I ’m not against everything that would prevent people from needing an abortion , because I am pro-abstinence , and the most effective way to keep from getting pregnant is not to have sex at all . ”
Response : Yeah , good luck with that .
Are you also against teaching people the Heimlich maneuver , because the most effective way to prevent choking is never to eat food , and teaching people about the Heimlich maneuver would make them think it was okay to be running around eating food all day ?
8 c . “ I was totally not about to say ' running around having sex all day ' . ”
Response : Yes , you totally were .
I have had this conversation a million times , and people like you always say “ running around having sex all day . ”
What is it with you and that stupid hyperbole ?
And why are you the ones who accuse us of being pussies , when you are the ones who always talk like you ’re someone ’s lame - ass mom ?
9 . “ Okay , well , abortion law is biased !
There was a Roe v.
Wade for women , so it is only fair that there be a Roe v. Wade for men ! ” * Response : Uh… what ?
No , seriously , what the fuck are you talking about ?
Only women get pregnant , so when you say there should be a “ Roe v. Wade for men , ” I have no idea what you mean .
Besides , the actual Roe v.
Wade was n’t a “ Roe v. Wade for women ” so much as it was a “ Roe v. Wade for people . ” * ( I ’m not kidding .
I have seen people say this word - for - word in conservative chat rooms on more than one occasion , and I still have no idea what the fuck it means . )
9 b . “ Well , you Liberals are the ones who think that everything should be equal , so I guess that means you ca n’t have a Roe v.
Wade for women , because you ca n’t have one for men , ha ha ha . ”
Response : Dude , are you even still taking this seriously ?
9 c . “ Actually , no , I was just trying to act like a tough guy and make my friends laugh .
But to be honest , that ’s all I was ever trying to do .
Really , I was only even having this conversation because I thought I ’d have an opportunity to call you gay . ”
Response : Okay , whatever .
I ’ll give you one more shot at a legitimate point .
10 . “ But pregnancy is the point of sex !
It is what is supposed to happen when you have sex !
It is Nature ’s Law ! ” Response :
By that logic , the fact that I am bigger and stronger than you means that I am supposed to kill you and take your food , because that is Nature ’s Law , and it is the point of being big and strong .
Nature ’s - Law arguments are worthless , because “ law ” in that sense should mean that it is impossible to break , not that you “ get in trouble ” for breaking it .
If someone managed to build a perpetual - motion machine , we would n’t send him to jail for breaking the Laws of Thermodynamics , because his doing that would mean that the Laws of Thermodynamics are n’t what we thought they were , and therefore were not “ broken . ”
And speaking of science , since you do n’t believe in evolution , what the fuck are you doing talking about the Law of the Jungle or whatever ?
You have a curious way of claiming not to believe in evolution whenever evolution comes up directly , but then reasoning as if you do believe in it whenever the discussion is about something else .
I 'm just saying .
10 b . “ Umm … Fuck . ”
Response : Yeah , that ’s what I thought .
Listen , why do n’t you go home and sort out all your beliefs until you get somewhere remotely close to the point where they do n’t all massively contradict one another , and then you will be allowed to come back and argue with me .
Until you do this , then not only does a fetus not count as a person , but you do n’t even count as a person , and what I say matters and what you say does n’t matter , period .
Have a nice day .
11 . “ You ’re gay ! ! ” Response : Congratulations , you got it in at the buzzer .
11 b . “ So I win ? ” Response : No. No , you do n’t. 11 c . “ But I called you gay !
That means I win ! ”
Response :
You know what ?
Here is a crazy homeless man .
Why do n’t you argue with him about the effectiveness of tinfoil vis-a - vis preventing the aliens from stealing his thoughts ?
11d . “ Does it say anything in the Bible about whether tinfoil can do that ? ” Response : Umm … yes .
Paul says it can , in his second epistle to , uh … the Solarmanites .
11e . “ Then I stand no chance against this learned gentleman .
Anyway , I must be going . ”
Response :
Off to buy some tinfoil , are you ?
11 f . “ None of your business !
Typical Liberal — always wanting to know who ’s going to buy tinfoil .
What ever happened to Free Speech ? ” Response : Wow .
Just …
Wow .
Iran stepped up its defiance of international pressure over its nuclear programme yesterday by warning of soaring oil prices if it is subjected to economic sanctions .
As diplomats from the US , Europe , Russia , and China prepared to meet today in London to discuss referring Tehran to the UN security council , Iran 's economy minister , Davoud Danesh - Jafari , said the country 's position as the world 's fourth - largest oil producer meant such action would have grave consequences .
" Any possible sanctions from the west could possibly , by disturbing Iran 's political and economic situation , raise oil prices beyond levels the west expects , " he told Iranian state radio .
In a provocative move , Iran also announced plans yesterday to convene a " scientific " conference to examine the evidence supporting the Holocaust .
The news comes weeks after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad provoked a global outcry by describing the slaughter of 6 million Jews by the Nazis in the second world war as a " myth " .
Mr Danesh - Jafari 's comments echoed fears voiced by energy market analysts after crude oil prices last week rose above $ 64 ( £ 36.50 ) a barrel as hopes faded of a diplomatic solution to the dispute .
Last week , Manouchehr Takin , of the Centre for Global Energy Studies , argued that crude prices could hit $ 100 a barrel if Iran stopped exporting .
" Supply and demand are very tightly balanced , " he said .
Mr Danesh - Jafari 's warning added weight to veiled threats by Iran 's president on Saturday .
Iran had a " cheap means " of achieving its nuclear " rights " , Mr Ahmadinejad said , adding : " You [ the west ] need us more than we need you .
All of you today need the Iranian nation . "
Recognising the danger , Gernot Erler , Germany 's deputy foreign minister , said yesterday : " We are seeing desperate measures by Asian countries , mainly China , India and others , to get hold of energy resources , and for them Iran is a partner they can't do without . "
He said it was " dangerous " to put restrictions on trade relations " which could hurt one 's own side more than the other side " .
Iran 's Islamic leaders insist that they want nuclear technology to satisfy its energy needs .
The west suspects the intention is to produce a nuclear weapon .
But even amid the continuing rancour , some Iranian officials appeared to soften the bellicose stance .
Calling for a return to negotiations , foreign minister Manouchehr Mottaki accused the west of over - reacting to Tehran 's decision last week to remove UN seals and resume research at a nuclear plant in Natan , when Britain , France and Germany formally abandoned 2 ½ years of talks and demanded Iran 's referral to the UN security council .
Although Britain has ruled out military moves against Iran , two American senators yesterday said the US might undertake a strike of " last resort " to prevent Iran obtaining nuclear weapons .
The Republican John McCain told CBS : " Everything else has to be exhausted , but to say under no circumstances would we exercise a military option would be crazy . "
Democrat Evan Bayh urged diplomacy , but said there were elements of Iran 's nuclear programme which , if attacked , " would dramatically delay its development " .
White House spokesman David Almacy said : " The international community is determined not to let Iran develop a nuclear weapon .
How we address that regime 's continued non-compliance will be decided in the days and weeks ahead . "
The UN security council issue will be the centrepiece of today 's meeting , when EU and US officials will attempt to persuade their Russian and Chinese counterparts of the need for a referral , which could lead to economic sanctions .
