Sammy Davis Jr. grabs President Nixon from behind and squeezes his arms August 22 , 1972 .
Polls show landslide scenario unlikely
From the fever swamps of the blogosphere to the halls of academia , there is a chorus of voices who have come to the same conclusion about the presidential election : Barack Obama is going to win in November , by something resembling a landslide .
Yet for all the breathless analysis and number - crunching that has convinced observers Obama is en route to an epic victory , there is one key historic fact that is often overlooked — most popular vote landslides were clearly visible by the end of summer .
And by that indicator , 2008 does n’t measure up .
Advertisement
In five of the six post - war landslides ( defined as a victory of 10 percentage points or more ) the eventual winner was ahead by at least 10 percentage points in the polls at the close of August , according to a Politico analysis of historical Gallup polls .
Over the past week , however , Gallup ’s daily tracking poll pegs Obama ahead of John McCain by a margin of 2 - 5 percentage points .
The one exception to the August rule was 1980 .
Ronald Reagan was trailing slightly in the August polls before surging forward to win by roughly a 10 - point margin .
By comparison , the biggest post - war landslides — 1964 , 1972 and 1984 — were signaled by a large , double - digit advantage held by the eventual winner at the close of August .
Lyndon Johnson was trouncing Barry Goldwater in one late August 1964 Gallup poll , 67 percent to 26 percent , taken on the opening day of the Democratic convention .
A July poll showed Johnson also winning by a two to one ratio .
Johnson went on to win the race 61 percent to 38 percent .
While Richard Nixon in the summer of 1972 was not faring as well as Johnson in late summer 1964 , it was nevertheless clear in Gallup ’s polling that the incumbent was on his way to a rout that would have been hardly imaginable just four years before .
In mid-July , Nixon was only ahead by about 10 percentage points .
But by early August , Gallup tracked that his lead had grown to twice that much .
He went on to win by 23 percentage points , nearly his exact margin in August .
Reagan , in his 1984 reelection campaign , also was ahead by a modest 10 points in August .
But he won in the fall by nearly twice that margin .
In the past two months , Obama ’s polling has held steady , remaining in a narrow single - digit band .
“ There certainly was a definite cockiness that Democrats felt once they regained control of Congress , and I ’ve also felt it was a misplaced cockiness , ” pollster John Zogby said .
Still , he acknowledged why there was such optimism .
“ You ’ve got a lot of conditions that are similar to 1932 and similar to 1980 , a very unpopular president and the party brand badly hurt . ”
Only two post - war popular vote landslides have occurred without an incumbent finishing on top — 1952 and 1980 .
They offer conflicting lessons .
In the case of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952 , two late August Gallup polls showed him with at least 53 percent of the vote and ahead by at least 15 percentage points .
But the race narrowed in polling to a dead heat before Eisenhower pulled off his 11 - point win .
In his 1956 rematch with Adlai Stevenson , he expanded his margin to a 15 - point blowout .
By contrast , in July 1980 Reagan was tied with President Jimmy Carter .
One July 22 Gallup poll had Reagan ahead by 2 points .
But by late summer Gallup repeatedly reported a tight race .
Carter was often leading by several percentage points before Reagan pulled ahead at the end .
For political analyst Charlie Cook , 1980 is the most “ relevant race ” to look at when assessing the 2008 contest .
“ There is a possibility of a blowout [ this year ] , ” Cook said .
“ But we wo n’t know if it ’s going to happen until late .
“ I do n’t think you see leads in presidential races over 5 points in this day and age .
He ’s averaged leads of 3 points since spring .
The key is that Obama has n’t closed the sale , ” Cook continued .
“ It was n’t until Reagan reached the threshold that he was able to close the sale . ”
“ The question is , ” Cook added , “ does Obama ever close the sale ? ”
Shanto Iyengar , a Stanford University political scientist , notes that several political forecasting models today predict the Democratic candidate winning a clear majority of the vote , a threshold that has thus far escaped Obama in polling .
But he adds that those predictions are for a generic Democrat under “ normal circumstances ” in a year where the Republican Party is in dire straits .
“ The real question is : Why is Obama , then , underperforming ? ” Iyengar added .
“ There is something about Obama that is causing something of drag . ”
Iyengar believes that something is Obama ’s race .
Several pollsters agreed that race is a significant factor in this election , though they count others of roughly equal influence .
“ This may sound kind of harsh , but if the Democratic nominee were a white male from a red or purple state , the theory would be dead on that this would be set up , there would be a very , very high probability for a Democratic landslide , ” said Brad Coker , the managing partner of Mason - Dixon Polling & Research .
Coker said that , in his view , two factors along with race are anchoring down Obama .
He cites Obama ’s political inexperience and that “ you ’ve never had a young guy win by such a large margin , post - war . ”
Coker added that Obama ’s ideology and geography were also factors , though of lesser importance in his view .
But even if Obama built a big lead , it would also not necessarily presage a big win .
In 1976 , Carter led Gerald Ford in the summer by about 20 percentage points in some polls .
Ford closed in by Election Day .
Carter barely pulled out a victory .
If nothing else , the contours of the 2008 political environment suggest there is still hope for Democrats who expect nothing less than a resounding victory .
“ The conditions are ripe for either a near - landslide , maybe 53 percent , or a landslide , ” said the University of Virginia ’s Larry Sabato , though he notes the race looks to be significantly closer .
What the New Version of WhatsApp Plus on GBWhatsApp 6.40 Brings
If you ’re a smartphone user , you ’ve probably heard about WhatsApp , if not using it to send messages or make phone calls via the internet .
This freeware and cross - platform messaging service , lets you chat with family , friends , and other people in your contact lists for free as long as you ’re connected online .
No wonder WhatsApp Inc. has reached a new daily record of 20 billion inbound messages sent and 44 billion outbound messages received for a total of 64 billion messages handled in just 24 hours .
And with the new version of WhatsApp Plus , the numbers are sure to grow in the coming days .
What is WhatsApp Plus ?
Also known as GBWhatsApp , the Android messaging app lets you enjoy its many features and multiple installations on the same Android phone .
It ’s the perfect solution for people who want to assign different numbers to different sets of contact list .
Think of it as having your own private line specifically for family , friends , or colleagues .
How is WhatsApp Plus different from the official WhatsApp ?
More customizable
With this app , you can change the font sizes , colors , and other features you want to customize to your preference .
Change the theme of the chat screen for a specific user and change the display picture whenever you want .
From the drawer section , you can even change the WhatsApp icon .
Suffice to say that you can personalize it as much as possible .
Retain original picture quality
When sending pictures , the quality will not be decreased which often results in the recipient receiving a bad copy .
With the original quality retained , both parties see the real picture .
Make unlimited calls
The WhatsApp Plus 6.40 comes with a mod APK that adds audio and video call to the app .
So the unlimited calls you make is not just confined to voice but over video as well .
The new mod also allows you to send text messages .
Hide the last seen
You know when your message has been read or seen when the blue double ticks appear , which sometimes create a problem , especially if you expect a reply immediately .
You could end up frustrated seeing a recipient has already read your message but chooses not to reply or ignore it all together .
But you really do n’t know that , do you ?
The same thing can happen to you .
But what if you really do n’t want to comment or respond ?
With the ability to hide the last seen feature , you can get away with it .
Other things the new version hides include the single tick , blue microphone , recording status , and view status .
Increased sizes of video and images sent
Instead of 16 MB , you can now send a 30 - MB video through WhatsApp .
Instead of 10 images , you can now send 90 of them all at once .
This will save you plenty of time if you have a lot of pictures to send to your contacts .
More to enjoy …
GBWhats App 6.40 has plenty more other features to offer .
But you wo n’t be able to enjoy any of them if you do n’t download the app and tinker with it yourself .
The app is not available at the Google Play Store but you can download it from the internet .
A Guide to Black Flag ’s “ TV Party ”
Of all the television shows mentioned in the two versions of Black Flag ’s song “ TV Party ” , only one , Saturday Night Live , remains on the air in its original form .
The other long - running show , Monday Night Football , changed networks in 2006 , and while it is much the same show , technically the chain was broken .
Other than those , the last hold - out was “ Dallas ” which went off the air in 1991 .
Video : TV Party
The original version of the song , was released as part of their masterwork Damaged .
This was followed up some months later by a new version recorded for the TV Party EP .
Together they called out the following shows :
When the song was re-recorded for the EP , two shows were dropped , “ The Jeffersons ” and “ Vega $ ” and replaced with “ Dynasty ” .
“ Vega $ ” had already been canceled at the time of the original recording which perhaps had something to do with it .
“ Fridays ” was gone before the EP was released .
Click on the diagram for more detail
The diagram shown above was made using Timeline part of MIT ’s SIMILE project .
It is perhaps the definitive overview of TV Party and its place in television history .
I ’m sure if this song was recast for this decade , blogs and such would probably be the focus , the irony of which is not lost on me .
Enlarge By Charles Rex Arbogast , AP Keri Rainsberger cleans the dinner dishes for members of her " intentional community " at the Keystone Ecological Urban Center in Chicago .
Rainsberger is n't rich .
She works in the nonprofit world for a relatively low - profit salary .
Yet , as many Americans are scrimping for every penny , she hardly feels the pinch .
CHICAGO ( AP )  Keri Rainsberger is n't rich .
She works in the nonprofit world for a relatively low - profit salary .
Yet , as many Americans are scrimping for every penny , she hardly feels the pinch .
She still tithes 10 % of her income to her church , even as other members have cut back .
She rarely worries about rising gas and food prices .
And she never bothers to balance her checkbook , because she does n't come close to spending what she has .
" I live so far below my means that it does n't really register , " says Rainsberger , a 31 - year - old Chicagoan with a wiry frame and unusually sunny outlook .
" I do n't have to think about money . "
How is this possible ?
For starters , she has no car and commutes by bicycle each workday .
She also has no mortgage payment and chooses to live in an " intentional community , " a partly shared space where $ 775 a month covers everything from utilities to meals .
" In one fell swoop , I pay for the roof over my head , the food in my stomach and the lights to read by .
That 's a big advantage , " says Rainsberger , whose high - rise living space is part of the residential program at the Keystone Ecological Urban Center in Chicago 's Uptown neighborhood .
Her private quarters — larger and a bit more expensive than some — are about 400 square feet , divided into a sitting room , a craft room and a small bedroom .
She shares bathrooms , showers , a kitchen and a large dining room with 28 other residents whose ranks include young professionals , professors and retirees .
" It 's like a college dormitory , but with better conversation , " she often jokes .
Of course , the concept of sharing resources has been around since the beginning of time and is used today from Amish farms to the Israeli kibbutz .
For low - income families , it 's often simply a matter of survival .
But those who track consumer habits say a growing need to cut costs , along with a wish to be more environmentally and spiritually conscious , is causing even more people to pool their resources , whether defined as an intentional community or not .
" The economy starts to tank .
People get tired of it , " says Daniel Howard , an expert in consumer research and behavior at the Cox School of Business at Southern Methodist University .
" It 's people saying , ' Let 's get together and help one another . '
And it works . "
Few may have the desire or even the ability to live the Spartan lifestyle that Rainsberger learned from her Depression - era grandmother .
Not everyone is willing to bicycle , for instance , in the stifling mugginess of a Chicago summer or the cold , blustery winds that sweep off Lake Michigan in winter .
But those who advocate a simpler , less consumer - driven life say there are lessons in the strategies she and other intentional communities use .
By buying their food in bulk , for instance , Rainsberger and her neighbors spend $ 100 to $ 150 per person each month for meals .
( Consider that the U.S. Department of Agriculture " thrifty plan " for a single person is $ 200 a month . )
Some residents who own cars also share them , drastically cutting overall vehicle expenses .
While this particular intentional community has no children , similar communities trade childcare or keep costs low enough so more parents can stay home or work part - time .
The Fellowship for Intentional Community , a Missouri - based nonprofit that began a steadily growing directory of such communities in 1990 , estimates that at least 100,000 Americans now live in one .
They define them as groups of people living together who share common values that are religious , economic , environmental , social or any combination of those .
Sometimes they own property ; others rent .
About a third live in urban areas , while the remainder are rural .
Laird Schaub , the Fellowship 's executive secretary , says he has no proof that the growth in numbers they 've seen is tied to the economy .
But he has little doubt that intentional communities are better equipped to weather hard times .
" We 're pretty isolated from the ups and downs of the regular economy , " says Schaub , who has lived at the Sandhill Farm intentional community in Rutledge , Mo. , for 34 years .
The farms ' 10 residents grow most of their own food and sell organic produce to the surrounding community .
Some have other jobs and all share their income with the group , as do about 13 % of the intentional communities in the Fellowship 's directory .
" You do n't have to chase as many dollars to have a quality of life , " Schaub says .
And that is freeing in other ways , says Duane Elgin , an environmental activist in California who focuses on simplicity .
" It is n't just cutting back on things .
It 's about people not needing so many things and putting more attention into their personal interests and their family and friends , being creative , being of service , " says Elgin , author of the book " Voluntary Simplicity , " a concept he began fostering 30 years ago .
" As a result , they are richer individuals . "
Lela Philbrook , a 23 - year - old singer who lives in Rainsberger 's intentional community , has found that to be true .
She saves so much money living there that she 's able to pay for voice lessons , which cost more each month than her room and board .
" That 's huge , " Philbrook says .
She lives down the hall from her grandmother , a longtime member of the community whose room is a frequent gathering place because she has an air conditioner and wireless Internet access .
Residents also regularly congregate to play games , do puzzles and watch old episodes of " Alias " or " Veronica Mars . "
Rainsberger , whose closest family is in Ohio , savors the camaraderie .
" For me , to be able to walk out my door and have everybody in the hall know me , that 's a really great experience , " she says .
" And if anything happens to me , I know there 's somebody next door who 'll take care of me . "
Certainly , there are times she 's had her fill of community and the inevitable difficulties that arise with any group .
" Then , " she says , laughing , " you go to your room , shut the door and do n't come out . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Common tree species in the Amazon will survive even grim scenarios of deforestation and road - building , but rare trees could suffer extinction rates of up to 50 percent , predict Smithsonian scientists and colleagues in the Aug. 12 issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Science .
How resilient will natural systems prove to be as they weather the next several decades of severe , human - induced global change ?
The debate is on between proponents of models that maximize and minimize extinction rates .
The Amazon basin contains about 40 percent of the world 's remaining rainforest .
One of the fundamental characteristics of tropical forests is the presence of very rare tree species .
Competing models of relative species abundance , one based on Fisher 's alpha statistic and the other based on Preston 's lognormal curve , yield different proportions of rare trees in the forest .
Thirty years ago Stephen P. Hubbell , senior scientist at the Center for Tropical Forest Science of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute and distinguished professor in the Department of Ecology and Evolution at the University of California , Los Angeles , and his colleague Robin Foster , now at the Field Museum in Chicago , set up a unique experiment to monitor the growth , birth and death of more than 250,000 tropical trees on Panama 's Barro Colorado Island .
This large " forest dynamics plot " would generate the data needed to build good models that include rare species .
Today the Center for Tropical Forest Science coordinates a Global Earth Observatory — a network of 20 such forest study sites in 17 countries , which maintains " actuarial tables " for more than 3 million trees .
Hubbell works with data from the network to develop and test his neutral theory of biodiversity — an attempt to find a unified explanation of large , complex biological systems that accurately predicts the outcome of major ecological and evolutionary forces of change .
In this offering , the authors use the neutral theory to predict the number of tree species and to test predictions of the Millenium Ecosystems Assessment that forecasts major tree extinctions in the Amazon over the next several decades .
First , they estimate that the Brazilian Amazon has ( or had ) 11,210 large tree species , and , of these , 5,308 species are classified as rare .
Based on optimistic and non-optimistic scenarios for road construction in the Amazon published by the Smithsonian 's William Laurance and colleagues in the journal Science in 2004 , they predict that the rare species will suffer between 37 and 50 percent extinction , whereas the extinction rate for all trees could be from 20 to 33 percent overall .
Would a simpler Amazon forest lacking many of its rarer trees function ?
Will the extinction of species other than trees — pollinators , seed predators , carnivores — contribute significantly to the lost of rainforest resilience ?
This and other biological quandaries remain .
The authors exhort : " Although it is an old scientific chestnut , we must once again emphasize how important it is to support continuing basic science on tropical forests . "
Ref : Stephen P. Hubbell , Fangliang He , Richard Condit , Luis Borda - de - Agua , and Hans ter Steege .
2008 .
How many tree species are there in the Amazon and how many of them will go extinct ?
Proceedings of the National Academy of Science , August 12 early online edition .
Source : Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute
Explore further
Trees living fast die young
Phoenix Motorcars is developing a $ 47,000 electric pickup truck that can be recharged in a regular household socket for a few hours after driving 100 miles or so .
Reader Rich Lakey had questions about our excerpt of the new book The Plot to Save the Planet .
Answers are from author Brian Dumaine .
Q . If a car goes 100 miles on a four - hour charge , do the batteries wear like other batteries ?
Do you get a little less range with every charge ?
A . The new - generation lithium ion batteries about to hit the market have , in testing , held most of their charge for 100,000 miles or more .
Chances are your car would break down before your battery would .
NEXT : Demands on the power grid
Japan loves Astro Boy even more than we love Mickey Mouse , so it 's not too surprising that the little robot boy 's visage is still everywhere , even though his show and manga series ended decades ago .
The most recent Astro Boy art installation is a 10 by 7 foot mural that consists of 138,000 recycled Tokyo Metro tickets .
The pixel art , made to mark the opening of Tokyo's new Fukutoshin subway line , depicts Astro Boy , Uran , Professor Ochanomizu and Higeoyaji traipsing around Shinjuku along with the new Fukutoshin train .
Created by volunteers from around the area , the mural can be found at the Shinjuku Takashimaya Department Store .
[ Pink Tentacle ]
Advertisement
McCain cites questionable story on ' evil '
A reader points out that John McCain 's example of pure evil yesterday rests on a story asserted by Iraqi officials , but since cast into doubt .
" Not long ago in Baghdad , Al Qaeda took two young women who were mentally disabled and put suicide vests on them , sent them into a marketplace , and by remote control , detonated those suicide vests , " McCain told Rick Warren .
" If that is n't evil , you have to tell me what is . "
The horrifying story that terrorists used two women with Down Syndrome to carry bombs was a sensation in February , but The New York Times later suggested it had n't happened that way :
Psychiatric case files of two female suicide bombers who killed nearly 100 people in Baghdad this month show that they suffered from depression and schizophrenia but do not contain information indicating they had Down Syndrome , American officials said Wednesday .
In the aftermath of the Feb. 1 bombings — the most devastating attacks in Baghdad since summer — Iraqi officials said that the women had Down syndrome , a genetic disorder .
They based their opinion partly on the appearance of the remains of the women , whose heads , as often happens in suicide bombings , were severed by the blasts .
A senior American commander in Baghdad , Maj. Gen. Jeffery W. Hammond , also said there were indications that the women were mentally disabled and were unwitting victims of insurgents .
The information led to reports that Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia , a homegrown Sunni extremist group that American officials say is led by foreigners , had been using mentally disabled people as suicide bombers .
But a senior American military spokesman said Wednesday that it remained unclear whether the women had Down syndrome or suffered from any medical condition that would have prevented them from understanding what they were doing .
Not that the suicide bombings were n't evil enough .
But the Down Syndrome bombers — as they were described at the time — seems to be an urban legend .
DENVER --
As the Mile High City gears up to host a Democratic bash for 50,000 , organizers are discovering the perils of trying to stage a political spectacle that 's also politically correct .
Consider the fanny packs .
The host committee for the Democratic National Convention wanted 15,000 fanny packs for volunteers .
But they had to be made ...
After struggling to gain consumer acceptance , Monsanto on Wednesday announced that it would try to sell its business of producing an artificial growth hormone for dairy cows .
The company will focus instead on its thriving business of selling seeds and developing ways to improve crops .
The decision comes as more retailers , saying they are responding to consumer demand , are selling dairy products from cows not treated with the artificial hormone .
Wal - Mart , Kroger and Publix are among the retailers that now sell house - brand milk from untreated cows .
Almost all of the fresh milk sold by Dean Foods , the nation ’s largest milk bottler , also comes from cows that were not treated with the artificial hormone , a spokeswoman said .
Monsanto officials said the decision was not related to the retail trend and that business for the artificial hormone , sold under the brand name Posilac , remained brisk .
Monsanto , which is based in St. Louis and is the only commercial manufacturer of the hormone , declined to provide sales numbers .
Mr Berlusconi , whose cabinet includes a former topless model , decided that journalists and television cameras would be distracted by the naked form in the 254 - year - old picture , Time Unveiling Truth , when he appears with visitors such as the Iraqi premier Nouri al - Maliki .
Außerdem der Lottoschein ist lediglich einen Mausklick entfernt und die Gewinnzahlen sowie Quoten sind auf einen Blick zu wiedererkennen .
Hierzu gehören unter anderem : Kreditkarte .
Mehr ...
The patent covers software buried deep inside a phone
The ruling overturns a refusal by the UK Intellectual Property Office to give the mobile phone firm a patent .
The case is being watched with interest because before now it was rarely possible to patent dedicated computer programs in Europe .
The UK IPO has launched an appeal to get guidance on the circumstances in which it can grant such patents .
Clear rules
In its original application Symbian wanted a patent on a specific way to structure and update the collection of small files , called a Dynamic Link Library , found in many modern operating systems .
Symbian issued a statement after the ruling which said : " Symbian is pleased with the ruling and feels strongly that this decision will strengthen the position of British technology companies in the global market . "
In the UK it has typically been difficult for hi-tech firms to win patents on innovations because of the wording of the 1977 Patents Act and subsequent case law .
Explaining its decision , the UK IPO said it applied the standard test that has arisen out of intellectual property cases which have helped to separate genuine innovations from minor differences in programming .
Andrew Bartlett , deputy director of the UK IPO , said patents could be granted on computer programs albeit in a limited set of circumstances .
what we need is clarity on the law and we need to know the test to apply
Andrew Bartlett , UK IPO
" You are not prevented from getting a patent just because you are using material means that involve a computer program , " he said .
For instance , he said , a novel anti-lock braking system for cars that used smart software to decide how to slow down a vehicle could win a patent even though it relied largely on a computer program .
" Where we have a bigger problem is where we have a pure program where there is no external effect , " he added .
A complication has arisen in this case because although the initial application was refused in the UK , it was granted by the European Patent Office .
The rules governing what can be patented in the UK were broadly the same as those used by the European Patent Office , said Mr Bartlett .
" In most cases , the huge majority of cases , we will get the same result , " he said .
But , he said , recent British case law had opened up a divide between the UK and Europe .
Mr Bartlett said the UK IPO would appeal to ensure that it understood the rules governing what can be patented .
" If a court tells us we should grant something that 's fine , " he said .
" The judgements are binding on us and what we need is clarity on the law and we need to know the test to apply . "
Patrick Biz of Geeks are Sexy blog has a neat post about the 10 must - read books about technology for geeks .
Included are fares like iWoz : Computer Geek to Cult Icon : How I Invented the Personal Computer , Co-Founded Apple , and Had Fun Doing It by Steve Wozniak and Gina Smith ; The Google Story by David Vise and Mark Malseed ; Does IT Matter ? by Nicholas G. Carr and so on .
Links : Part I , Part II
In their rush to avoid a repeat of the controversy that plagued the 2000 presidential election , and to meet the requirements of Congress 's hastily mandated 2002 Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) , states and counties flocked to electronic voting systems they hoped would eliminate hanging chads and other flaws inherent in paper - based systems .
Six years later , with another presidential election less than three months away , many e-voting systems are fraught with security glitches , and the technology has yet to prove itself as the solution voters were looking for .
Such systems could allow voters and poll workers to place multiple votes , crash the systems by loading viruses , and fake vote tallies , according to studies commissioned by the states of California and Ohio within the past year .
Makers of these systems have countered that the test settings were unrealistic .
But that is not helping election officials sleep better at night .
One of the reasons e-voting systems turned out to be such a failure is that the only people involved in checking these systems were the vendors , who wanted to sell their technology , and the local election officials , who were ill - equipped to understand the security issues , says David Dill , a Stanford University computer science professor and founder of the Verified Voting Foundation , a nonprofit organization pushing for the implementation of voting processes that can more easily be verified and audited .
" There was a certification process in place , " Dill says , " but it had very little to do with security . "
Dill is the author of Attackdog , threat modeling software that can examine more than 9,000 potential ways a voting system can be attacked , including computer hacking , ballot tampering and voter impersonation .
Attackdog is part of a larger effort called A Center for Correct , Usable , Reliable , Auditable and Transparent Elections ( ACCURATE ) , which was launched in 2005 by the National Science Foundation with $ 7.5 million in funding .
" Nothing we do now will affect the November election , " Dill says .
" We do n't know how to make secure paperless voting . "
This sentiment is echoed in many places throughout the U.S. , most prominently in the hotly contested state of Ohio , where Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner has commissioned a series of tests over the past year to determine whether e-voting systems are secure enough to be trusted .
Based on these tests Brunner has concluded that they are not secure , a decision that Premier Election Solutions , Inc. , in Allen , Tex. , took exception to .
Premier sued Brunner and one Ohio county board of elections in May in a move to get the courts to rule that the company had fulfilled its contractual obligations to the state .
Brunner struck back August 6 by countersuing Premier , formerly Diebold Election Systems , Inc. , and maker of the touch - screen voting systems into which Ohio has invested more than $ 62 million since 2005 .
Brunner 's suit accuses Premier of , among other things , breach of contract and breach of warranty , and seeks court acknowledgement that Premier did not honor its contract .
The countersuit also asks for damages of at least $ 25,000 against Premier for voting system malfunctions that have caused problems in at least 11 of the 44 counties using Premier 's technology during elections since 2005 .
" We believe that Premier 's equipment has failed to perform as required by its contracts and according to state law , " Brunner says .
" We have taken this action to recover taxpayer funds spent for voting systems used in half of the state 's 88 counties . "
Brunner and Premier have locked horns several times since she took office in January 2007 over whether the company 's DRE ( direct recorded election ) touch - screen electronic voting technology works properly and is secure .
The problem came to a head in April , when election officials in Ohio's Butler County detected a vote count discrepancy during the primary election .
The county board of elections staff determined that the Premier DRE system had malfunctioned and failed to count votes from memory cards uploaded to the system 's vote tabulation computer server , Brunner says , adding , " This is not what we bargained for . "
Suspecting problems with all of the e-voting technology that had so far cost Ohio $ 112 million , Brunner last year commissioned Project EVEREST , a comprehensive security review of the electronic voting technology used throughout Ohio , to identify any problems that might make elections vulnerable to tampering .
During the 10 - week project , teams of academic researchers from Pennsylvania State University , the University of Pennsylvania and WebWise Security ( a security firm formed in 2005 by faculty and students from the University of California , Santa Barbara 's security research group ) examined DRE touch - screen and optical - scan voting systems from Premier , Election Systems and Software ( ES&S ) in Omaha , Neb. , and Austin , Tex. –based Hart InterCivic as well as the software that manages these systems .
EVEREST researchers found exploitable security weaknesses in all three vendors ' systems , Brunner said in a statement when the project concluded in December .
" Many of these vulnerabilities represent practical threats to the integrity of elections as they are conducted in Ohio , " she said .
" We found vulnerabilities in different vendor systems that would , for example , allow voters and poll workers to place multiple votes , to infect the precinct with virus software or to corrupt previously cast votes — sometimes irrevocably . "
" None of the systems out there are even remotely adequate given the importance of the data they handle , " says Patrick McDaniel , a Penn State professor of information security who led the EVEREST testing .
A lot of the attacks that McDaniel and his team tested could be carried out at a polling place or county elections office in a matter of seconds .
An example : when researchers placed a piece of white tape over part of an e-voting system 's scanner , they were able to effectively block it from reading the entire ballot .
In other words , a person could put the tape in a place that kept the system from counting votes for a particular candidate .
The team also found that the keys to unlock Hart 's ballot box could also be used to open the ballot boxes on the Premier systems .
In a more serious attack , McDaniel found that his researchers could replace the memory card in some of the e-voting systems .
" Any software you put on your card would uploaded into the system 's computer , " he says .
Premier had already responded to EVEREST 's findings as well as a similar project commissioned by California Secretary of State Debra Bowen called Top - to - Bottom Review in March by issuing a report that emphasized that the EVEREST researchers did their work with " no physical or operational security controls " and did not simulate realistic election day conditions .
Premier could not be reached for comment .
The EVEREST researchers do n't dispute that .
Sandy Clark , an EVEREST researcher and the computing systems manager of Princeton University 's Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences Program , said at the Last HOPE hacker 's conference held last month in New York City that she and her EVEREST colleagues " treated the project as a hack . "
At the Last HOPE conference , University of Pennsylvania researchers who led EVEREST 's analysis of ES&S e-voting technology described exploitable security vulnerabilities in almost every hardware and software component of ES&S 's touch - screen and optical - scan systems .
Some of these flaws , Clark said , could allow a single voter or poll worker with bad intentions to alter countywide election results , possibly without election officials ever knowing that the results had been tampered with .
" There was n't an attack that we tried that we were n't able to carry out , " she added .
" We learned that every current e-voting system has serious exploitable vulnerabilities . "
In addition to investing in Premier systems , Ohio has spent more than $ 41 million on ES&S e-voting technology and is one of 43 states that are ES&S customers .
When contacted for this story ES&S pointed to statements made earlier this year regarding EVEREST .
Like Premier , ES&S 's conclusion is that anyone attempting to replicate many of EVEREST tests would need " unfettered access to the DRE unit " as well as detailed knowledge of how the system works ( to wit , its communications protocol with its audit log ) .
Despite their differences , Ohio and Premier are stuck with each other for the 2008 presidential election .
" With the election being less than three months away , the counties will be using the technology they have , " Brunner says .
To head off any potential problems , Ohio counties using touch - screen voting systems are being required to print a hard copy of at least a portion of electronically cast votes , which will provide an audit trail .
Voters will also be offered the option of filling out paper ballots that can be read by optical scanners and registered in a database .
E-voting systems have to be completely redesigned with security in mind , McDaniel says .
In the short term , this means adding more thorough vote - auditing capabilities so that discrepancies can be investigated .
" The elections systems should have the same quality , the same reliability , the same testing and the same certification requirements as financial systems , " he says .
" If the systems used by banks , which have to report to the SEC [ Securities and Exchange Commission ] , had this level of quality , no one would put their money in the bank . "
Looking beyond November , Brunner says that she wants
Ohio to rely more on optical - scan technology .
" Later on , " she adds , " there may be a place for touch - screen ( systems ) . "
Corporate profits earned in the United States rose much more rapidly from 2005 through 2007 than had been earlier reported , making the subsequent fall seem even more precipitous , government figures showed Thursday .
The revised figures may help to explain the sense of pessimism that has been reported in surveys of consumers and business executives , said Robert Barbera , the chief economist of ITG , an economic research company .
Pointing to the previous profit figures , some commentators had suggested there was more gloom than the economic data seemed to justify .
First - quarter profits earned in the United States by American companies have fallen 18 percent from their peak , the revised figures show , rather than the 11 percent previously reported .
That decline has been partly offset by soaring overseas profits for American companies .
On Thursday , the government raised its estimate of those profits in the first quarter , even as it reduced its estimate of profits earned in this country .
Clinton ally : Dems divided story was ' media created ' Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This DENVER -- Lanny Davis , referred to as the raging id of the Clinton operation , has been one of the fiercest supporters of the former first lady 's presidential campaign who sowed doubts about Barack Obama throughout the primary and beyond .
However , Obama 's accolades to Bill and Hillary Clinton during a brief onstage appearance at the Democratic Convention last night were just the right touch to soothe even Davis 's still bruised mood , he says .
Waiting on line for a shuttle bus to the Denver stadium where Barack Obama will accept the Democratic nomination later tonight , Davis began holding court .
This RAW STORY reporter was standing nearby and pulled out a notebook for a pleasant half - hour conversation on the way to the gates of Invesco Field .
Davis , who served as Bill Clinton 's special counsel from 1996 - 98 , said stories of lingering resentment among Clinton 's closes confidants " were media created " and that he would be " working like heck " to get Obama elected in the fall .
An outside adviser to Hillary Clinton 's campaign , Davis continues to comment on national politics in newspaper columns and television appearances ; when RAW STORY spoke to him , he was on the way to an appearance on Fox News .
Acknowledging that there still were some hard feelings among some women who supported Clinton , Davis said he told the campaign that Obama 's positions on the issues , and particularly on who he'd appoint to the Supreme Court needed to be paramount .
A 5 - to - 4 Supreme Court majority upholds a woman 's right to choose , and that could turn into a 6 - to - 3 majority overturning Roe v. Wade under a John McCain presidency .
Many mainstream media outlets ran stories implying that some Clinton voters were not fully enthusiastic about Obama 's candidacy , and rumors swirled before Wednesday 's roll call vote that some Clinton supporters would try to disrupt the proceedings .
Hillary Clinton herself moved for Obama 's nomination and the response from assembled delegates was exuberant .
November could bring ' 40 state win' for Obama Davis praised Obama 's passion and ability to inspire a new generation of voters .
He said these characteristics could lead to a " 40 - state win " for Obama come November .
" I am incredibly impressed with Barack Obama , " Davis said , noting that his own son had been a supporter of the Illinois senator even before he was officially a candidate .
He compared 2008 to the 1980 election , when Ronald Reagan swept to victory over incumbent Jimmy Carter on the strength of a refreshing message combined with deep dissatisfaction regarding the direction of the country .
" Sound familiar ? " he asked .
Holding on to slim leads in the polls , Obama will still need to reassure voters nervous about electing a candidate with relatively little experience on the national stage , just as Reagan did 28 years ago , Davis said .
He said the final debates between McCain and Obama would determine the outcome of the election .
Connection with working class voters still needed Obama will address some 80,000 supporters on an elaborate stage adorned with American flags and flanked by giant video screens framed by classical columns Thursday night .
Davis said the set up would not help Obama connect to working class voters , whose votes he struggled to obtain in the primary .
" I 'm worried about this Roman Empire , 75,000 ( people ) rock concert that we 're about to have tonight , " Davis said during the bus ride to the stadium .
" I worry that we 're walking right into a caricature . "
Davis suggested Obama gear his post - convention schedule to scaled down events in small towns to move away from the aloof image he 's obtained .
" Think about how you come across to people who work with their hands , " Davis advised , noting that former Democratic candidates John Kerry , Al Gore , Michael Dukakis and Walter Mondale all failed to reel in rural and working class voters because of struggles making connections .
Bill Clinton , of course , succeeded with working class voters , Davis said , crediting the former president and first lady with helping Obama during their prime - time speeches Tuesday and Wednesday night .
" Hillary and Bill opened the door to get white working class voters back , " Davis said .
" [ Obama ] 's got to walk through it . "
We received sad news yesterday .
Friends , Marc Pelletier , Zometool founder and the …
We are looking at this interesting technology for model …
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Oil prices declined Tuesday as investors wrestled with ongoing concerns about falling global demand and worries about supply disruption in Eastern Europe .
U.S. crude for September delivery fell $ 1.44 to settle at $ 113.01 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Earlier it had climbed $ 1.50 to $ 115.95 a barrel on concerns that fighting in Georgia would disrupt the flow of oil between Asia and Europe .
But concern about supply disruption in the region failed to keep prices higher as investors worried that slower non-U.S. economic growth would eat away at demand .
Oil 's recent price slide has knocked about $ 34 , or 23 % , from oil 's peak price of $ 147.27 on July 11 .
" Unless it worsens , the Georgia - Russia conflict is having comparatively little impact compared to what it would 've done [ had it happened ] in June , " said Ann - Louise Hittle , oil analyst at Wood Mackenzie .
Georgian conflict : The Presidents of Russia and France proposed a six - point cease - fire plan to end the conflict which began last week .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy emphasized that the cease - fire plan was designed to halt the fighting , but did not address the issues that sparked the initial hostilities .
Russian president Dmitry Medvedev called a halt to military operations in Georgia on Tuesday morning , but the Georgian government claimed Russian war planes were still bombing targets inside the small country .
Georgia had not yet agreed to Sarkozy and Medvedev 's cease - fire plan .
Georgia produces very little oil but serves as an important hub for transporting crude and natural gas between Europe and Asia .
Complete victory by Russia could give the country control of all the oil and natural gas flowing through the region .
BP pipeline : Oil company BP said early Tuesday that it had shut down the Baku - Supsa pipeline , which carries 90,000 barrels of oil per day through the embattled nation of Georgia , for fear that it could be damaged during the fighting .
BP has a 30 % stake in the pipeline as part of a multinational venture based in Turkey .
The Baku - Supsa line carries crude through the western part of Georgia from the Black Sea .
The country 's Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan pipeline had already been shut down before Russian and Georgian forces began clashing in the breakaway province of South Ossetia .
That pipeline had been closed due to an unrelated fire on its Turkish span .
BP also said that the South Caucusas pipeline , which carries natural gas from Azerbaijan , had also been shut down .
Another oil pipeline , which is used by BP but not owned by it , remained open .
Oil has been trending lower since the end of July and continued to fall on Monday , despite the start of fighting over the weekend .
The last time the commodity settled below $ 113 was on May 1 , when the market closed at $ 112.52 a barrel .
" The fact that oil did n't go up immediately was partly a reflection of market sentiment , and partly a reflection that the big pipeline had already been out of action before the hostilities started , " said Kevin Norrish , commodities analyst with Barclays Capital in London .
Falling demand : Worries about supply disruption in Georgia served as a counter to sentiment that the global economy , and thus demand for oil , is slowing .
" The net result was not much change in the oil price , " said Norrish .
China reported Monday that crude oil imports had fallen 7 % in July , compared to a year earlier , underscoring concerns that the high price of crude oil and products made from it are taking a toll on consumption in Asia .
The International Energy Agency , which guides the energy policies of 27 member nations in Europe , Asia and North America , also lowered its demand forecast to 48.6 million barrels a day for the year .
But the watchdog said it is too early to tell if this is a lasting trend .
The group also urged caution , saying that despite oil 's recent declines , prices will remain expensive , especially for poorer nations .
Dollar eases : A weaker dollar also added downward pressure to oil prices .
The dollar fell slightly Tuesday , though it has surged against the euro in recent days .
Oil is traded in dollars , so when the dollar weakens , crude oil becomes relatively cheaper to foreign investors .
Oil and other commodities are also commonly used as a hedge against inflation .
Recent gains have been driven both by weakness in the economy of the 15 - nation euro zone , and falling oil prices .
" Everybody thought the rest of the world was going to be immune from the slowdown in the economy , and I think people are realizing this is not the case , " said Phil Flynn , senior market analyst with Alaron Trading in Chicago .
Gasoline : Many investors believe the rising price of crude oil and gasoline has begun to cut demand in the United States , the world 's largest oil consumer .
The average price of retail gas in the U.S. has fallen more than 31 cents to $ 3.799 a gallon at the pump over the past 26 days .
But gas prices remain more than a dollar higher than where they were 12 months ago .
SAG HARBOR , N.Y .
Call us Ishmael .
Of course they would have arrived on the Hampton Jitney , not the Pequod , and it ’s not likely that any of the characters in “ Moby - Dick ” would have known what to make of the exhibit at the Sag Harbor Whaling and Historical Museum .
But in this dour summer defined by the racing digital readouts at the gas pump , there ’s a meditation worthy of Melville in the question raised by the modest exhibition being displayed here , in a frayed Greek Revival building constructed around 1845 by a local whaling magnate :
Is the oil business the new whaling business ?
And , if so , is that a good sign or a troubling one ?
Bear with us .
Whaling , after all , was one of the world ’s first great multinational businesses , a global enterprise of audacious reach and import .
From the 1700s through the mid-1800s , oil extracted from the blubber of whales and boiled in giant pots gave light to America and much of the Western world .
The United States whaling fleet peaked in 1846 with 735 ships out of 900 in the world .
Whaling was the fifth - largest industry in the United States ; in 1853 alone , 8,000 whales were slaughtered for whale oil shipped to light lamps around the world , plus sundry other parts used in hoop skirts , perfume , lubricants and candles .
Like oil , particularly in its early days , whaling spawned dazzling fortunes , depending on the brute labor of tens of thousands of men doing dirty , sweaty , dangerous work .
Like oil , it began with the prizes closest to home and then found itself exploring every corner of the globe .
And like oil , whaling at its peak seemed impregnable , its product so far superior to its trifling rivals , like smelly lard oil or volatile camphene , that whaling interests mocked their competitors .
For Immediate Release
June 30 , 2008 Magnetic Control : Tongue Drive System Allows Individuals with Disabilities to Operate Powered Wheelchairs and Computers A new assistive technology developed by engineers at the Georgia Institute of Technology could help individuals with severe disabilities lead more independent lives .
Georgia
Tech assistant professor Maysam Ghovanloo ( left ) points to a small magnet attached to graduate student Xueliang Huo ’s tongue that allows him to operate a computer mouse and powered wheelchair .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Download 300 dpi version
The novel system allows individuals with disabilities to operate a computer , control a powered wheelchair and interact with their environments simply by moving their tongues .
“ This device could revolutionize the field of assistive technologies by helping individuals with severe disabilities , such as those with high - level spinal cord injuries , return to rich , active , independent and productive lives , ” said Maysam Ghovanloo , an assistant professor in the Georgia Tech School of Electrical and Computer Engineering .
Ghovanloo developed the system with graduate student Xueliang Huo .
The tongue - operated assistive technology , called the Tongue Drive system , was described on June 29 at the 2008 Rehabilitation Engineering and Assistive Technology Society of North America ( RESNA ) Annual Conference in Washington , D.C.
An article about this system is also scheduled to appear in an upcoming issue of the Journal of Rehabilitation Research and Development .
This research was funded by the National Science Foundation and the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation .
Watch a Quick - Time video explaining the Tongue Drive system
Watch a Quick - Time video of the Tongue Drive used to operate a wheelchair To operate the Tongue Drive system , potential users only need to be able to move their tongues .
Attaching a small magnet , the size of a grain of rice , to an individual ’s tongue by implantation , piercing or tissue adhesive allows tongue motion to direct the movement of a cursor across a computer screen or a powered wheelchair around a room .
Georgia Tech Electrical and Computer Engineering graduate student Xueliang Huo moves his tongue to direct the Tongue Drive system to move the powered wheelchair in a different direction
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Download 300 dpi version
“ We chose the tongue to operate the system because unlike hands and feet , which are controlled by the brain through the spinal cord , the tongue is directly connected to the brain by a cranial nerve that generally escapes damage in severe spinal cord injuries or neuromuscular diseases , ” said Ghovanloo , who started working on this project about three years ago at North Carolina State University .
“ Tongue movements are also fast , accurate and do not require much thinking , concentration or effort . ”
Movement of the magnetic tracer attached to the tongue is detected by an array of magnetic field sensors mounted on a headset outside the mouth or on an orthodontic brace inside the mouth .
The sensor output signals are wirelessly transmitted to a portable computer , which can be carried on the user ’s clothing or wheelchair .
The sensor output signals are processed to determine the relative motion of the magnet with respect to the array of sensors in real - time .
This information is then used to control the movements of a cursor on the computer screen or to substitute for the joystick function in a powered wheelchair .
The system can potentially capture a large number of tongue movements , each of which can represent a different user command .
A unique set of specific tongue movements can be tailored for each individual based on the user ’s abilities , oral anatomy , personal preferences and lifestyle .
Georgia Tech Electrical and Computer Engineering graduate student Xueliang Huo moves his tongue to direct the Tongue Drive system to move the powered wheelchair in a different direction
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Download 300 dpi version
“ An individual could potentially train our system to recognize touching each tooth as a different command , ” explained Ghovanloo .
“ The ability to train our system with as many commands as an individual can comfortably remember is a significant advantage over the common sip - n - puff device that acts as a simple switch controlled by sucking or blowing through a straw . ”
The Tongue Drive system is also non-invasive and does not require brain surgery like some of the brain - computer interface technologies .
Ghovanloo ’s group recently completed trials in which six able - bodied individuals tested the Tongue Drive system .
Each participant defined six tongue commands that would substitute for computer mouse tasks – left , right , up and down pointer movements and single - and double - click .
For each trial , the individual began by training the system .
During the five - minute training session , the individual repeated each of the six designated tongue movements 10 times .
During the testing session , the user moved his or her tongue to one of the predefined command positions and the mouse pointer started moving in the selected direction .
To move the cursor faster , users could hold their tongue in the position of the issued command to gradually accelerate the pointer until it reached a maximum velocity .
Results of the computer access test by novice users with the current Tongue Drive prototype showed a response time of less than one second with almost 100 percent accuracy for the six individual commands .
This is equivalent to an information transfer rate of approximately 150 bits per minute , which is much faster than the bandwidth of most brain - computer interfaces , according to Ghovanloo .
The researchers have also tested the ability of twelve able - bodied individuals to operate an electric - powered wheelchair with the Tongue Drive system .
The next step is to test and assess the usability and acceptability of the system by people with severe disabilities , said Ghovanloo .
He is teaming with the Shepherd Center , an Atlanta - based catastrophic care hospital , and the Georgia Tech Center for Assistive Technology and Environmental Access , to conduct those trials .
Georgia
Tech assistant professor Maysam Ghovanloo ( left ) points to a small magnet attached to graduate student Xueliang Huo ’s tongue that allows him to operate a computer mouse and powered wheelchair .
Georgia Tech Photo : Gary Meek Download 300 dpi version
The research team has also begun to develop software to connect the Tongue Drive system to a wide variety of readily available communication tools such as text generators , speech synthesizers and readers .
In addition , the researchers plan to add control commands , such as switching the system into standby mode to permit the user to eat , sleep or engage in a conversation while extending battery life .
“ We hope this technology will reduce the need of individuals with severe disabilities to receive continuous assistance from family members or caregivers , thus significantly reducing healthcare and assistance costs , ” noted Ghovanloo .
“ This system may also make it easier for them to work and communicate with others , such as friends and family . ”
RESEARCH NEWS & PUBLICATIONS OFFICE
Georgia Institute of Technology
177 North Avenue NW
Atlanta , Georgia 30332 USA MEDIA RELATIONS CONTACTS : gtresearchnews@gatech.edu
TECHNICAL CONTACT : Maysam Ghovanloo ( 404-385-7048 ) ; E-mail : ( mgh@gatech.edu ) WRITER : Abby Vogel
So here 's what I 'm wondering : if Ben checks the box , what does it do ?
If he unchecks it what does it do ?
Walter F. writes " ... makes me think of the communist era ( I'm from Romania ) when people had the freedom to vote for the only presidential candidate . "
Somehow I do n't think that ING will be able to locate the transaction with the confirmation number Justin received ...
The joke 's on Travis H. here , since after he clicks " I Agree " he is then obligated to write the Terms of Service .
I 'm a bit behind the hardware curve myself , but fortunately my computer is almost twice as fast as Jan D.'s
In the spirit of last year 's IBM Top 25 College Football Players , I 'm doing a list of my own , only it 's over the last 5 years .
25 . Jamaal Charles RB , Texas -
This guy is barely on the list because he had only one dominant stretch , but , boy , was it dominant .
He singlehandedly won the Texas - Nebraska game in 2007 with his 190 yard 4th quarter .
24 . Mike Nugent , K , Ohio State -
This guy was an incredible kicker , and get this : his teammated actually respected him , voting him 2004 team MVP .
This guy almost never missed .
23 . Matt Ryan , QB , Boston College -
There is a strong case to put him higher , but his first three seasons did n't compare to his last .
The four bowl wins were a huge plus .
22 . Todd Reesing , QB , Kansas -
This guy is on here because of his ability to make something out of nothing .
5 ' 10 , he looks between the linemen before every throw .
21 . Michael Crabtree , WR , Texas Tech -
Although he has only completed his freshman season , he has shown the potential to be the best college WR ever .
Ever .
20 . Brian Brohm , QB , Louisville -
He may have been the Payton Manning of college football minus the embarrasing 2007 .
19 . Pat White , QB , West Virginia -
The best dual threat QB since Vince Young will be a Heisman front - runner next year .
18 . Colt Brennan , QB , Hawaii -
This guy has about every passing record there is .
He ranks this low a ) because the system helped him ( alot ) , b ) because he did it against Utah and San Jose State , and c ) because the one big game against a great team , he was on the ground the entire time ( see : 2008 Allstate Sugar Bowl )
17 . Chris Long , DE , Virginia -
Watching last year 's Gator Bowl showed me how incredible he is , dominating a great Texas Tech Offensive Line .
16 . JaMarcus Russell , QB , LSU -
His arm strength never ceased to amaze me , and he even had a Sugar Bowl win to legitimize ( legitimize ? ) him .
15 . Ted Ginn , Jr. , WR , Ohio State -
This guy had all the talent in the world , and his dynamic kickoff return to start the BCS National Championship game vs. Florida proved it .
14 . Mike Hart , RB , Michigan -
This guy had heart and soul , and was the only bright spot on Michigan teams that let their fans down year after year after year .
He finally got a bowl win in 2007 in the Capitol One Bowl , and may have been the happiest man on the planet that day .
13 . Michael Huff , FS , Texas -
He won the Thorpe Award as a senior and was the key player in the most important defensive play in Rose Bowl history , winning him the Rose Bowl Defensive MVP Award .
12 . Derrick Johnson , LB , Texas -
This guy could shoot people to Mars if it was n't for gravity .
He is a downright tank .
11 . Brady Quinn , QB , Notre Dame -
Although he never brought home a bowl win , he did post good stats and went home with a Maxwell Award .
Not too shabby for a kid from Dublin , Ohio .
10 . Jason White , QB , Oklahoma -
I had to find a spot for him , even if he was one of the worst all - time Heisman winners .
I remember an old lady beating him at a Texas / OU halftime event .
9. Darren McFadden , RB , Arkansas -
He was Heisman runner - up two straight years and the first person since Ricky Williams to win consecutive Doak Walker Awards .
8. Calvin Johnson , WR , Georgia Tech -
Although he did n't win a championship or even play in a BCS Bowl , he deserves to be mentioned here because he is such an incredible talent , winning the Biletnikoff Award as a junior .
7. A. J. Hawk , LB , Ohio State -
This guy was a dominant run stopper and pass rusher , with a Fiesta Bowl Defensive MVP trophy and a Lombardi Award on the shelf .
6. Matt Leinart , QB , USC -
He won a national championship .
He won the Heisman Trophy .
He even gave up being a lock to go first in the NFL Draft to come back for his senior season , only to free - fall in the next year 's draft .
Those easily warrant him the sixth spot .
5. Glenn Dorsey , DT , LSU -
This beast is already being compared to Warren Sapp .
He recorded 12.5 TFL's and 7 sacks on a knee that was damaged by a cheap shot , all while performing the best celebration in college football .
4. Adrian Peterson , RB , Oklahoma -
Could be higher , might have even won the Heisman if not for his injuries , but when healthy he was dominant .
3. Tim Tebow , QB , Florida - Really only this high because of his monster 2007 .
And what a monster , becoming the first player ever to rush and pass for 20 TD's .
2. Reggie Bush , RB , USC -
He set the record for most first place votes for the Heisman Trophy , and there were none more electrifying .
1. Vince Young , QB , Texas -
Easily the best of this era and arguably the greatest of all time .
His legendary performance in Pasadena will rank as one of the greatest clutch performances of all time .
It 's about time Boeing went and shot that frickin ' laser .
The Boeing Advanced Tactical Laser C-130H aircraft has completed its first ground test , shooting a high - energy chemical laser through a beam - control system .
The gun successfully acquired a ground target and shot the darn thing on August 7 , paving the way for an in - air test later this year , hopefully from that bad - ass 747 they 've been touting .
Boeing promises that the ATL will " destroy , damage or disable targets with little to no collateral damage . "
Yay for surgical strikes ?
Maybe some popcorn ?
P4P is touted as the new and improved P2P .
The technology has the potential to lower bandwidth costs for ISPs and speed up downloads for P4P enabled filesharing clients .
There is a dark side to this new technology though .
The strong anti-piracy connections are fuel for conspiracy theorists , and Net Neutrality might be at stake .
Earlier this week , researchers from Yale University and The University of Washington presented the latest findings from their P4P research .
P4P is a new technology that could make any filesharing application ( including BitTorrent ) cheaper for ISPs , as it tries to connect to local peers as much as possible .
Local traffic is cheaper for ISPs and reduces the load on the network .
In addition , P4P enabled filesharing clients will download files faster than regular clients .
In theory this is a great idea .
However , P4P requires collaboration between the developers of filesharing clients and ISPs , which might be a problem .
Indeed , most P2P companies TorrentFreak talked to are not that excited about the initiative , but they wont say that out loud , and play along for the time being .
There might even be a darker side to the project , as the P4P working group includes some prominent members of the entertainment industry and well known anti-piracy lobbyists .
Besides that , we argue that it is likely that the technology might slow down transfers of people who are on ISPs that do n’t end up supporting the technology , raising serious Net Neutrality issues .
Let ’s start off by looking at the mission statement of the P4P working group , which was founded last year .
One of the key objectives of the group , quoted from their official mission statement ( pdf ) is as follows ( emphasis added ) .
[ to ]
Determine , validate , and encourage the adoption of methods for ISPs and P2P software distributors to work together to enable and support consumer service improvements as P2P adoption and resultant traffic evolves while protecting the intellectual property ( IP ) of participating entities
It might of course be that the P4P group included this objective to cover their asses .
However , we have our doubts .
For now , the technical specs give no reason to believe that the new technology will support piracy filters or other anti-piracy measures .
But , when you consider that the MPAA , NBC Universal and several other representatives from the entertainment industry are members of the working group , this might very well be suggested in the next phase of the project .
One might wonder , why is the MPAA involved in all this ?
Obviously their agenda is to stop copyright infringement , so we have no reason to believe that they will try to steer P4P in this direction as well .
This would not be a big surprise really .
The P4P working group was founded by The Distributed Computing Industry Association ( DCIA ) , a collaboration of the entertainment industry , ISPs and P2P companies .
The purpose of the DCIA is clear , as we can read on their website ( emphasis added ) :
Our number one priority clearly is the elimination of copyright infringement and , because DCIA advocates the commercial development of distributed computing ( as opposed for example to trying to stop it ) , our key strategy centers on proliferating legitimate commercial services to displace unauthorized media file sharing currently being conducted by consumers on a massive scale .
This shows the P4P working group from a whole other perspective does n’t it ?
We have no doubt that the researchers involved in this have the best of intentions , and that they really want to develop a new technology that benefits P2P users and ISPs .
We also believe , however , that the MPAA and other rights holders who are part of the project , will push their agenda forward sooner of later .
The DCIA collaboration is an initiative from Hollywood ’s big shots and several of the larger technology corporations .
Back in 2002 , both sides got together and decided that it would be a good idea to start a working group to keep an eye on future technological developments .
Below , we quote a paragraph from one of the original letters ( pdf ) discussing the matter , signed by the CEOs of the MPAA , Walt Disney , Sony Pictures , AOL Time Warner , Vivendi Universal , Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , Viacom and News America ( emphasis added ) .
We thus propose the establishment of a new high level working group , independent or as part of an existing process , to find technical measures that limit unauthorized peer - to - peer trafficking in movies , music and other entertainment content .
And so the DCIA was born , which later started the P4P workgroup .
We will leave it up to the readers to decide whether this is a serious threat or not , we will find out sooner or later anyway .
There is one other “ dark ” aspect of P4P we want to mention though , something that has n’t been reported elsewhere , even though it can have some very negative consequences for P2P users .
By looking at the latest P4P research report , we come to the conclusion that P4P might slow down the downloads of people who use non-P4P clients , or those who are on an ISP that does n’t support P4P .
This is because P4P users will be more likely to share with local peers , while regular P2P users share with everyone ( note that both can be in the same swarm ) .
This goes against Net Neutrality principles , although this depends on how one defines Net Neutrality .
Since P4P prioritizes local traffic , P4P users will share less with users who do not use the technology .
This will affect both the upload and the download side , but the data in the report seems to suggest that the give and take ratio is worse when P4P is enabled , so they take more from other ISPs ( relatively ) than they give back ( mild leeching ) .
This is most likely facilitated by the fact that upload speeds tend to be slower than download speeds .
Let ’s conclude by saying that the researchers from Yale University and The University of Washington came up with a promising technology that could potentially speed up P2P downloads , at least for some users .
Getting ISPs and filesharing developers to embrace this new technology will not be easy though .
ISPs will sure be motivated , as it will save them money .
However , we ’re not so sure that BitTorrent client developers ( and others ) will adopt it so easily , since it might degrade performance on non P4P ISPs .
The largest threat ( as usual ) might come from the anti-piracy lobby , as they will probably push for content filters or other anti-piracy measures .
They have n’t done this so far , but to us this seems to be inevitable .
Washington DC Metro Farecard Hack
Clever :
Thieves took a legitimate paper Farecard with $ 40 in value , sliced the card ’s magnetic strip into four lengthwise pieces , and then reattached one piece each to four separate defunct paper Farecards .
The thieves then took the doctored Farecards to a Farecard machine and added fare , typically a nickel .
By doing so , the doctored Farecard would go into the machine and a legitimate Farecard with the new value , $ 40.05 , would come out .
My guess is that the thieves were caught not through some fancy technology , but because they had to monetize their attack .
They sold Farecards on the street at half face value .
Posted on July 22 , 2008 at 12:29 PM • 36 Comments
Pink balls promote awareness Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A testicular cancer campaigner has gone on tour with two pink balls and a sense of humour to promote a serious message .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
U.S. home prices fell by their worst rate of decline ever in May , according to data released Tuesday .
The Standard & Poor ’s / Case - Shiller index of home prices in 20 cities declined 15.8 % in May from the same month last year .
The Los Angeles area saw a 24.5 % price decline , a record year - over - year decrease .
The region ’s home prices in May were down 27.5 % from their September 2006 peak , according to the index .
The greater L.A. - area decline from the peak now matches the drop seen in the 1990s real estate downturn but has occurred in less than two years .
In the previous real estate cycle , area prices declined more gradually , falling 27 % from 1990 to 1996 before stabilizing , according to the Case - Shiller index .
Advertisement
The only regions posting larger percentage drops than the Los Angeles area , which includes Orange County , were Las Vegas , with a 28.4 % year - over - year decline in May ; Miami , with a 28.3 % decline ; and Phoenix , with a 26.5 % decline .
Those regions were among nine metro areas where year - over - year price declines hit record highs in May .
The others were San Diego , San Francisco , Phoenix , Portland , Seattle and Washington , D.C .
The 20 - city index is down 18.4 % from its July 2006 peak .
Price declines have become routine in the beleaguered housing market .
Advertisement
“ Since August 2006 , there has not been one month where we have seen overall price increases , ” said David M. Blitzer , chairman of the index committee at Standard & Poor’s .
The Case - Shiller index compares the latest sales of detached houses with previous sales and accounts for factors such as remodeling that might affect a house ’s sale price over time .
It excludes foreclosures .
From those data , an index score is created to show price changes .
The index has a base value of 100 for January 2000 .
The 20 - city index reading of 168.54 for May reflects a 68.5 % price increase since January 2000 .
The May index for the Los Angeles area was 198.59 .
Advertisement
This month DataQuick Information Systems reported that the June median home sale price for six Southern California counties was $ 355,000 , down 29 % from the same month last year .
--
peter.hong@latimes.com
Do you know what I hate most about Windows XP ?
It ’s look .
It ’s painful combination of blue and green .
So one of the first thing I do after every Windows install is patch the Uxtheme file so that I can apply a visual style of my choice .
I hope you are not using the default theme , are you ?
The following is a list of some of the choicest visual styles that can give Windows XP a total makeover .
Pick any !
Note :
This list contains only shell styles that can be applied directly by patching Uxtheme or through StyleXP .
No Window Blinds skins here .
Also see
Another 25 beautiful Windows XP themes ( A fresh new collection )
25 beautiful Windows Vista themes ( For Windows Vista users )
32 gorgeous and unique Windows 7 themes
25 beautiful icon sets for Windows
21 most beautiful mouse cursors for Windows
Watercolor Arrow –
This theme looks so cool with a light colored taskbar , blue menu and funny hand - drawn type icons .
Wood Visual Styles – Transforms everything to wood !
This theme is tested in Windows XP SP2 .
A few people reported problems with SP3 .
( This theme is no longer available .
Sorry . )
Kupo XP 2.0 – A very minimalistic design available in 5 colors .
Luder – Another minimalistic theme with a clean green look .
Aurum VS 1.1 – A bit of Vista ’s Aurora look .
Delta VS – A silver gray theme with mild colors .
DUO – A mixture of Vista and Mac .
Ubuntu XP – This is the closest Windows XP can get to Ubuntu !
Brilliantly done .
Simplebox –
This time it ’s Fedora .
( This theme is no longer available )
Clearlooks Gummy –
This theme pack gives a “ Gnome ” look to Windows XP .
Available in 14 different colors !
Cadoo Visual Style 1.0 – A smooth whitish theme that gives a great contrast to any icon set .
animus – A Mac like blue and white theme that works great with Mac icon set .
OSX Tiger V – Give Windows the Mac look .
Very nicely done .
Leopard X – Another Mac theme with a slightly darker look .
VistaPerfection X4 – One of the best looking Vista theme for Windows XP .
Dream LH 1.0 – Another theme with the Vista look , but darkish and black explorer window and task panel .
EX2008 Visual Style – A darkish theme with a tinge of green .
Very minimalistic .
SlanXP 2.0 – Another dark theme for Windows XP .
GAIA – A very simple yet elegant theme with mild colors .
Greenius .
VS – Another beautiful green theme .
( Green seems to be the preferred color for designers )
P.S : This is how to install the themes :
1. Download and install Uxtheme patcher .
During install a message will be displayed that important Windows file are being replaced and will ask you to insert the windows CD to fix it .
Just ignore and click “ continue ”
2. Download the theme pack and copy the folder containing .msstyles and shellstyle.dll ( this is inside another folder ) to C:WINDOWSResourcesThemes
3 . After this is done , right - click on desktop and click Properties .
Now click on the Appearance tab .
Under Windows and Buttons you will find the list of all the themes you installed .
Select one from the list and click Apply .
Sometimes , the downloaded pack contains additional utilites like Styler and Rocketdock etc to bring other changes to Windows .
It ’s up to you whether you want to install the additional stuff .
You can visit the original page of the theme author for more instruction on how to use those .
If you liked this , you will also like
Shop at Amazon.com via AmazonSmile and we will receive a donation of 0.5 % of your purchases !
Check out our Amazon Wish List !
When you send us something via Amazon or Chewy , please forward your original order confirmation e-mail ( not a screenshot or a pdf file ) to donationreceipt@cathouseonthekings.com for an acknowledgement and donation receipt .
Sending us a donation of food or supplies ?
Our address is :
The Cat House on the Kings
7120 S. Kings River Rd ,
Parlier , CA 93648-9720
NEED A FIX ?
The Cat House on the Kings makes low - cost spays / neuters available to
residents of Fresno , Kings and Tulare counties .
Click here for details !
Each year shelters receive six to eight million unwanted and stray animals and one animal is put down every eight seconds .
You can help by spaying or neutering your pet and / or adopting an animal from a shelter or rescue group !
Military members needing help with their pets during deployment or otherwise check with Dogs on Deployment .
( If you adopted from The Cat House on the Kings , please contact us about your adopted pet . )
The Cat House on the Kings is excited to announce that we are now a member of Home for Change !
If you are considering buying or selling a home , please follow the link to select a realtor who will donate 5 % of their commission to us !
FLAMANVILLE , France 
It looks like an ordinary building site , but for the two massive , rounded concrete shells looming above the ocean , like dusty mushrooms .
Here on the Normandy coast , France is building its newest nuclear reactor , the first in 10 years , costing $ 5.1 billion .
But already , President Nicolas Sarkozy has announced that France will build another like it .
Flamanville is a vivid example of the French choice for nuclear power , made in the late 1950s by Charles de Gaulle , intensified during the oil shocks of the 1970s and maintained despite the nightmarish nuclear accidents of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
Nuclear power provides 77 percent of France ’s electricity , according to the government , and relatively few public doubts are expressed in a country with little coal , oil or natural gas .
announced today that they have signed Directorto direct the next installment of tofranchise .
Aronofsky perhaps best know for his work on “ ” and “ ” withwill be joined by writerwho wrote “ ” and the upcoming film “ “ . ” Darren is undeniably one of the most talented , original and visceral film makers , and David is one of the greatest writers in Hollywood .
All of us at MGM could n’t be more excited , ” said Mary Parent , Chairman , Worldwide Motion Picture Group , MGM .
Mike Medavoy , Arnold Messer , Brad Fischer and David Thwaites of Phoenix Pictures will produce Robocop .
Cale Boyter , Executive Vice President Production at MGM will oversee the project .
The film is set to be released sometime in 2010 .
The original “ RoboCop , ” written by Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner , was directed with camp adroitness by Paul Verhoeven in 1987 and released by Orion Pictures .
It focused on a mortally wounded cop in a futuristic , crime - ridden Detroit who returns to fight corruption in the guise of a tough - talking cyborg .
Sequels followed in 1990 and 1993 , along with TV series and video games .
RoboCop retains a sizable fan base online .
“ After making the first ‘ RoboCop ’ at Orion more than 20 years ago , I ’m thrilled to be helping to return this character to the screen through the eyes of Darren Aronofsky and David Self , ” Medavoy said .
Along with the release of Leopard ( OS X 10.5 ) came the release of PyObjC 2.0 which made getting started with a PyObjC project a snap .
However , a fair number of people have remarked that there is not a comprehensive up - to - date tutorial on getting started with PyObjC 2.0 on Leopard .
Having developed Cocoa applications using both Objective - C and PyObjC , it 's my experience that PyObjC lets you build complex applications quickly , and wanted do a little bit to help make PyObjC more accessible to newcomers , whether they are newcomers to PyObjC or new to Cocoa development in general .
This tutorial is my attempt to provide a comprehensive walkthrough to creating an application with PyObjC in XCode 3.0 and InterfaceBuilder 3.0 , and to help you get to know this excellent tool .
Lets get started .
Our Project
Starting from a blank slate , it can be intimidating to get started with PyObjC .
However , once you complete this tutorial you should be ready to dive into PyObjC projects of your own .
We 'll be building a desktop application that will display data retrieved from freebase.com using metaweb .py 1 .
We 'll have a textfield that allows users to specify their searches , and a table that will display the formatted results .
We 'll use an NSArrayController to greatly simplify our code ( do n't worry if NSArrayController does n't mean anything to you , it 'll be explained later in the tutorial ) .
We 'll also look at writing and reading files from the application 's support directory ( the directory where OS X coding guidelines ask you to store temporary and saved data for your application ) .
Finally , the last step will be to look at programatically creating new windows in the application using a second nib ( nibs will be explained later as well ) .
We 'll touch on a wide range of issues , problems and solutions you 'll run into when using PyObjC to develop real programs , without making any assumptions about existing knowledge of Cocoa , XCode or PyObjC .
If you know simple Python , then you 're ready to get started .
Two Principles to Remember
When just starting out with PyObjC there are a couple things that will help you get moving in the right direction :
PyObjC is Python .
PyObjC is Objective - C , too .
People getting started with Django often have trouble doing things and ask questions like " How do I read in a file from disk ? " or " How can I do threading ? "
A frequent community answer is Django is Python .
When working with PyObjC , too , thats an important answer to keep in mind .
Anything you can do in Python , you can do in PyObjC .
If there is a great Python library to help power your app , use it !
If you need to do some metaprogramming magic to simplify your program 's logic , use it !
Equally important is the second half of the principle : PyObjC is Objective - C.
This is particularly important for Objective - C programmers who are more familiar with the Cocoa libraries than with Python libraries : you get to pick and choose from both .
Do you want to use NSTimer to handle a recurring event ?
No problem .
What about using an Obj - C selector or CoreData ?
Easy as slightly undercooked pie .
Convert from Python to ObjC by replacing : with _ .
When working with PyObjC you 'll be converting ObjC methods into Pythonic form a lot .
This is a simple two step process .
First , replace all semicolons ( : ) with underscores ( _ ) , and then add the arguments into the method definition like you normally would in Python .
Lets try a few examples of how that is done .
First , we 'll start with a short one .
This method definition in Objective - C : - ( int ) add : ( int ) a and : ( int ) b ; Becomes this code in Python : def add_and_ ( self , a , b ) : # implementation here For our second conversion lets try something a bit longer .
- ( NSImage * ) dragImageForRowsWithIndexes : ( NSIndexSet * ) dragRows tableColumns : ( NSArray * ) tableColumns event : ( NSEvent * ) dragEvent offset : ( NSPointPointer ) dragImageOffset
Is translated into Python as : def dragImageForRowsWithIndexes_tableColumns_event_offset_ ( self , dragRows , tableColumns , dragEvent , dragImageOffset ) : pass
Well , you can see that this conversion can lead to some pretty ugly method names , but its simple enough to perform .
Actually , XCode knows how to autocomplete method names for PyObjC , so you wo n't even need to do the conversions yourself unless its a method from a class that you 've defined .
Cocoa Pieces & Patterns
As we get started , there are a few important ideas that reoccur in Cocoa we need to look at briefly .
( Are you already familiar with Cocoa development ?
You should skip down to Starting the Project . )
Every application you make is an instance of NSApplication ( or a subclass of NSApplication ) .
NSApplication has a delegate .
Delegates are a pattern that occurs frequently in Cocoa , and allows you to customize and control behavior without subclassing the specific class ( i.e. control an NSTable View without subclassing NSTableView ) .
For example , the NSApplication delegate allows you to specify code to run when the application launches , handle opening the application with a specific file , and specify code to run before the application terminates .
One of the first things we 'll do is modify our application 's delegate , so we 'll talk more about that in a bit .
Each user on an OS X system has a folder at ~/ Library / Application Support / .
Inside that folder , an application is allowed to create a folder to store data and settings .
For example , Colloquy has a folder at ~/ Library / Application Support / Colloquy / .
You should always store user specific data there , and not inside the application itself ( which is both tempting and possible , since .app applications are really folders , but interferes with the ' just drag it into the Application folder ' distribution method for applications ) .
Cocoa classes frequently use the Model / View / Controller division of responsibilities , and your classes should too .
Models contain data , views present data , and controllers handle interactions between the two .
In smaller applications , however , it does n't always pay to be religious about following MVC ; brevity should not be considered a design flaw .
If you have played with Cocoa you know that many classes start with NS .
For example , NSTableView , NSWorkspace and NSButton .
Objective - C only has one namespace , and thus we create namespaces by prefixing letters .
Many people use their ( or their company 's ) initials for their prefix .
At times I use WL as my prefix , but at other times I use a subset of the application 's name .
For example I was working on a lesson planner named StrictlyEducation , and I used SE as its prefix 2 .
InterfaceBuilder makes creating GUIs very easy , and stores those interfaces in .nib and .xib files ( .nib is usually used for pre-Leopard interfaces , and .xib for projects created in Leopard ) .
We 'll look more at these later , but for now its enough to remember they contain GUI configurations .
Starting The Project
Now that we 've fleshed out our background knowledge , time to start building our project .
Open XCode ( you 'll need to have installed it off of your OS X 10.5 install dvd ) .
Go up to the File menu and select the first option : New Project ( or use Shift - Apple -n ) .
Select a Cocoa -Python Application and then hit Choose ... .
Name our new application MetaWindow , set the path to somewhere reasonable ( I like to create mine in my ~ / git / directory ) , and then click Save .
Now that our project has been created this is the perfect time to put it under version control .
I prefer Git , but you wo n't regret using Mercurial or even SVN .
Just use something .
In a sense this is an optional step , but it really should be an ingrained habit .
If it is n't , now is the best time to start .
Sometimes you 're going to screw things up , and you wo n't remember what you did or how to fix it .
Version control transforms that event from a catastrophe into a quick check of the documentation to remember the syntax for merging .
Stuff in A Default Project
Now that you 've created the project , there are already a bunch of files in it .
Lets take a few moments to figure out what all this stuff is .
First , there are a number of .
framework files here .
AppKit , Cocoa , CoreData , Foundation and Python .
These are helpful libraries that are being linked to your application when you compile .
Next there are main .m and main.py .
They are the core application files , and you wo n't be touching them often ( MetaWindow_Prefix.pch is like that , but even more so : you wo n't ever touch it ) .
The one exception is that you 'll need to add a simple Python import to main .
py for Python files in your app .
For example , it currently has this line : import MetaWindowAppDelegate
If you created another file named MWModel.py ( MW are the initials for MetaWindow , the application , and is the namespace we 'll be using for this app ) , then you 'd need to expand that part of main .
py to look like this : import MetaWindowAppDelegate import MWModel
MainWindow.xib ( English ) is an InterfaceBuilder file , and contains data about the application 's interface .
Info.plist contains settings for the application , and InfoPlist . strings ( English ) is an internationalization file , which is used for supporting applications with locale specific labels and menus .
MetaWindowAppDelegate.py is a normal Python file , which contains the class for our application 's delegate .
MetaWindow.app is our application 's shell .
When you build the application everything will be stuffed inside of it , but at the moment it 's just an inanimate skeleton .
Teaching Our Delegate Some Tricks .
The first thing we 're going to do is flesh out MetaWindowAppDelegate.py .
Go ahead and double click on it to open it .
Right now it only contains a few lines :
from Foundation import * from AppKit import * class MetaWindowAppDelegate ( NSObject ) : def applicationDidFinishLaunching_ ( self , sender ) : NSLog ( " Application did finish launching . " )
But we 're going to add a few helpful methods .
First we 're going to add a stub for doing something just before the application closes .
def applicationWillTerminate_ ( self , sender ) : NSLog ( " Application will terminate . " )
This method , applicationWillTerminate_ , is really helpful for saving data .
You 've probably noticed that we 're using NSLog ( ) a lot .
Its the most convenient way to log data and send yourself messages .
While running the program you can see those messages in XCode 's console window , and also by using Console.app .
Next , we 'll add two methods to make it easy to access and create files in the application 's support folder .
applicationSupportFolder will return the path to MetaWindow 's application support folder , and pathForFilename will return the path to a filename inside the application 's support folder .
def applicationSupportFolder ( self ) : paths = NSSearchPathForDirectoriesInDomains ( NSApplicationSupportDirectory , NSUserDomainMask , True ) basePath = ( len ( paths ) > 0 and paths [ 0 ] ) or NSTemporaryDirectory ( ) fullPath = basePath .
stringByAppendingPathComponent_ ( " MetaWindow " ) if not os .
path .
exists ( fullPath ) : os .
mkdir ( fullPath ) return fullPath def pathForFilename ( self , filename ) : return self . applicationSupportFolder ( ) .
stringByAppendingPathComponent_ ( filename )
Finally , a quick mention about why the app delegate is a great tool .
You can easily access and use your application delegate from anywhere within your code :
app_delegate = NSApplication .
sharedApplication ( ) . delegate ( ) my_database = app_delegate .
pathForFilename ( " db.sqlite " )
This makes it a great place for utility methods .
( By the way , this would be a great time to add a commit to your version control . )
Stubbing Out a New File
Next we 're going to create a new file which we 'll use to manage the user interface components for our app .
Go up to the File menu and click New File ... ( Apple - N ) .
Select Python NSObject subclass and then click next .
Name it MWController.py and then click Finish .
Open up MWController.py and it'll look like this :
from Foundation import * class MWController ( NSObject ) : pass
Modify the imports to look like this :
import objc from Foundation import *
The objc module provides access to a number of important utilities for creating PyObjC applications .
Here we 're going to take advantage of two of them : the @objc.
IBAction decorator , and the objc. IBOutlet ( ) function .
You must apply the @objc .
IBAction decorator to any method that you want to be accessible in InterfaceBuilder .
This means that anything you 'll want a user interface component to activate ( perhaps a was Clicked_ method called after a button is clicked , etc ) should be decorated with @objc .
IBAction .
Beware , though , that all such actions must have at least one argument ( and thus one underscore in their Python definition ) .
For example you must write def myFunc_ ( self , sender ) instead of def myFunc( self ) .
The value of sender is supplied by Cocoa and will be the button ( or instance of another class ) that calls the action .
In the same trend , objc. IBOutlet ( ) allows you to connect together models in a .xib file .
This concept is difficult to understand before you 've used the InterfaceBuilder , so we 'll look at this in more depth later .
Now lets add a couple fields to the MWController class .
class MWController ( NSObject ) : tableView = objc .
IBOutlet ( ) textField = objc .
IBOutlet ( ) results = [ ]
And we 'll add a stub method .
@objc .
IBAction def search_ ( self , sender ) : search_value = self .
textField .
stringValue () NSLog ( u" Search : %s " % search_value )
As mentioned before , the search_ method will be called by a UI component , so it needs the @objc .
IBAction decorator , and also must take the argument sender .
Finally , the last step to adding a Python file to an XCode project is to open up main .py and import the file under this line :
# import modules containing classes required to start application and load MainMenu.nib
Adding MWController , that portion of main .
py will look like this :
# import modules containing classes required to start application and load MainMenu.nib import MetaWindowAppDelegate import MWController
Go ahead and save main .
py and MWController.py .
Next we 'll setup MainMenu.xib .
Set Us Up The Xib
We 're going to work with InterfaceBuilder now .
IB is a really excellent tool for visually creating graphical user interfaces , but it also has a bit of a learning curve .
You 're probably going to be confused at some point .
The first time I used IB I nearly gave up and was a hair away from abandoning the idea of developing for OS X .
These days it 's more like a treasured friend .
You just need to give yourself some time to get used to it .
In the Groups & Files panel in the XCode project , click the arrow beside the Resources folder .
Now double click on MainMenu.xib to open it .
Now you 'll see three windows :
MainMenu.xib ( English ) contains references to all the objects in your .xib file .
You can click on any of those and then open the Inspector ( Tool menu , then Inspector , or Shift - Apple - i ) to modify their details .
You can also click on some of them ( like MainMenu or Window ( Window ) ) to make that item front and key .
Window ( Window ) represents the main window for the application , which will pop up when you run the application .
We 'll be adding some items to it momentarily .
Library contains all the widgets and objects you can use for creating your user interface .
The first thing we want to do is add an NSTableView to our Window ( Window ) window ( as long as Major Major Major approves ) .
Go to the Library window and look around for it , and then drag it into Window ( Window ) .
Next drag an NSText Field and an NSButton to Window ( Window ) as well .
Now we need to resize the tableView , text Field and button .
To resize them , hover your cursor over the side you want to adjust and drag the corner or edge .
Occasionally you 'll notice dotted blue lines appearing in the window .
Those help you follow Apple 's Human Interface Guidlines , and also help you align objects with each other .
Go ahead and rearrange everything to look like this :
Double click on the button and rename it as Search .
Now we 're going to setup the autosizing logic for the three items .
To do this , first open the Inspector ( Tool -> Inspector or Shift - Apple - i ) , then click on the tableView , and select the third tab in the inspector .
In the Inspector 's third tab , you 'll see a portion labeled Autosizing with two components : on the left is a box with struts and arrows , and on the right is a box that keeps changing sizes .
In the left box click so that there are six red items : a strut at the top , left , bottom and right of the box , and double - headed arrows going both vertical and horizontal within the box .
It should look like this :
Now click on the text Field .
It should have the horizontal double - headed arrow , and the top , left , and right struts .
The button should have the top and right struts , but no double - headed arrows .
The combinations of what works and what does n't can require some trial and error , and the easiest way to test is to go to the File menu , and then go to Simulate Interface ( Apple - R ) .
That allows you to resize the window and check that everything is working correctly .
Go ahead and give it a whirl .
We 're almost done messing with the xib file , so you can take a quick sigh of relief .
Just one more little thing .
Adding a MWController to MainMenu.xib
Part of the utility of .xib and .nib files comes from their ability to store serialized instances of a class .
If you you look at the MainMenu.xib window in InterfaceBuilder , there are already a number of serialized instances present : the cube labeled MetaWindowAppDelegate is one , and so is Application .
This is useful because it allows you to graphically connect objects together .
For example , click on Application and go to the fifth tab in the Inspector .
There you can see that it has an outlet named delegate which has been connected to MetaWindowAppDelegate .
Now we want to create an instance of MWController and set up its outlets ( and an action as well ) .
Go to the Library window and in the search field at the bottom type in NSObject ( make sure you are selecting the Library folder in the outline view in the same window , or you may not find NSObject with your search ) .
Drag the NSObject icon over into your MainMenu.xib window .
A new cube named Object should appear .
Click on Object and go to the sixth tab in the Inspector ( the tab is named Object Identity ) .
In the top text field , whose label is Class replace NSObject with MWController and hit enter .
Now go back to the MainMenu.xib window and click on Controller ( it 's the object that was named Object just a few moments ago ) .
Also get the window named Window in view so that you can see its tableView and text Field .
Press and hold down the control key and drag -- starting at Controller -- to the textField in Window .
A little heads - up - display box will popup and ask you to select between textField and tableView ; choose textField .
Do the same thing again , starting dragging at Controller and this time releasing on top of the tableView .
When the popup appears select tableView .
The last connection we 're going to make will be from the Search button to Controller .
For assigning actions you start with the input ( here , the button ) and drag to the object whose action you want to call ( here , Controller ) .
Select the Search button and start holding control .
Drag from the button to Controller and then release .
A little black box with only one option , search : , will appear ; select that option .
Save .
Close InterfaceBuilder .
Congratulate yourself for surviving .
Building And Verify
The last step in this first segment is to build our application and verify that what we have so far is working .
To do that , go back to XCode and click on Build and Go ( or go to the Build menu then Build and Go , or just use Apple - Return ) .
After a few seconds it will open open the window with our app .
Huzzah .
Now - - with the app still running -- go back to XCode and click on the small icon that says gdb on it ( or Shift - Apple - R ) .
That will launch the debugging console for the app .
With the console in sight , type something into the textField in the app , and then click the Search button .
We 've successfully stubbed out our application .
It does n't do a whole lot yet , but we 've covered a tremendous amount of material , and we have established a solid foundation to keep building on as we go .
Ending Part One
This concludes the first segment of this tutorial .
You can continue on with the second segment here .
You can download the current state of the project here .
There is also a GitHub repository , which is the recommended way of accessing the code .
Have I made any grave mistakes ?
Thoughts about how to improve on things thus far ?
Ideas for additional topics to cover ?
Leave a comment !
Sixty - five years after the fall of Mussolini , the fascists are back at the gates of Rome .
Leading the charge is Gianni Alemanno , a firebrand leader of Italy 's neo-fascists , whose promise to get tough with illegal immigrants is threatening to knock the left out of city hall when Rome votes in the second round of the mayoral election this weekend .
The fact there is even going to be a run -off vote is a major embarrassment to the left .
Last time around , its candidate Walter Veltroni won outright , capturing nearly two - thirds of the votes .
But this year , the centre - left candidate Francesco Rutelli , who ran Rome between 1993 and 2001 , won just 46 per cent with Mr Alemanno on 40 per cent and forcing a second round .
Rome has been a citadel of the centre - left for the past 15 years and , under Mr Rutelli and Mr Veltroni , the city has prospered , seeing a 10 per cent rise in tourists per year , work on new subway lines , a film festival and an auditorium complex that sells more tickets than any other in the world .
But while Rome 's left - leaning chatteratti have few complaints , outside the city 's gilded centre the problems have been piling up .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Feeble policing and laissez - faire policies on the city 's outskirts have resulted in urban degradation and the mushrooming of shanty towns of illegal immigrants .
Crime levels remain low but the mugging murder of a housewife by a gypsy last year sparked a backlash against immigrants , particularly aimed at Romanians and gypsies .
As mayor at the time , Mr Veltroni tried to defuse the panic by demanding an emergency law to expel immigrants from within the EU without legal process .
The law was passed by the national government , led by Romano Prodi but with so many caveats that it has not done the job intended .
Mr Alemanno has been riding a surge of support based on his promise to get tough with illegal immigrants – and in particular to expel 20,000 gypsies and other immigrants living in Rome who have broken the law .
The widely reported rape last week of a student from Lesotho on the city 's outskirts , for which a Romanian immigrant has been arrested , has only inflamed the campaigning .
Should Mr Alemanno win , it would be a tremendous feather in the cap of his ally , the newly elected Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
The billionaire businessman defeated Mr Veltroni in the general election earlier this month and seizing the Eternal City from the left would make that victory sweeter .
Yesterday , as Italy marked its day of liberation from fascism and Nazism , both Mr Alemanno and Mr Rutelli invoked the heroic struggle of the nation against the Nazi enemy .
Yet Mr Alemanno has received support in his campaign from Francesco Storace , a former neo -fascist colleague who has remained true to his hardline roots .
Last week Riccardo Pacifici , the newly elected president of Rome 's Jewish community , publicly appealed to Mr Alemanno not to align himself with Mr Storace 's party , La Destra ( The Right ) , " which has listed fascism among its values " .
Mr Storace responded belligerently to the Jewish leader 's charges .
" The Jewish community must ask our pardon for the shameful campaign they have conducted against us , " he retorted .
" I am not anti-Semitic and this is an offence which can only be washed away by an apology . "
Yesterday , Rome 's Jews were taking it in their stride .
" Rutelli's a thief and Alemanno's a cuckold , " said one resident .
" They 're both as bad as each other . "
Who is Gianni Alemanno ?
It is the CV of a classic extremist : joined a neo -Fascist party as a youth ; arrested for beating up a young leftist ; arrested again for throwing a Molotov cocktail ; eight months in jail on remand ; acquitted on both charges ; arrested for attacking police during a visit by President Bush Snr .
Then abruptly in 1994 Gianni Alemanno and the rest of his party went straight , abjuring Mussolini , renouncing Fascism , and trying to rebrand the National Alliance as an ordinary European conservative party .
Now Mr Alemanno is walking a tightrope : trying to persuade middle - of - the - road Romans he means no harm , while baring his xenophobic teeth to the neo -Fascist faithful .
Complicating the picture is the fact he has been a practising Zen Buddhist for 15 years – and his meditation teacher is a card - carrying Communist .
Which is why his calls for " inter - religious dialogue " may not be as empty as they sound .
' As Soon as Possible ' Iraq Leader Maliki Supports Obama 's Withdrawal Plans
In an interview with SPIEGEL , Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki said Barack Obama 's 16 month timeframe for a withdrawal from Iraq is the right one .
For the last couple of days , the news has become increasingly unwatchable to me , because it drives me stark raving nuts when everybody , and I meanwho 's speaking up on a news story has it wrong .
Or , in this case , two news stories : Barack Obama 's announced support for telecom immunity , and Barack Obama 's announcement that he intends to reformthe Bush Administration 's Office of Faith - Based Initiatives , elevating it even higher in importance in his administration than it was in this one .
And all week long , almost every single reporter and analyst , regardless of their politics , has read these two stories the same way .
Senator Obama , they have concluded , is " tacking towards the center , " announcing policy positions that he does n't believe or does n't care about , in order to distance himself from the ( presumably unpopular ) Democratic wing of the Democratic Party , to make himself appear to be more " moderate " and therefore less " radical " or " liberal " to the ( presumed to be anti-liberal ) American voting public .
Analyst after analyst has quoted the axiom that all Democratic nominees change their positions to appear more liberal while they 're campaigning for their party 's primary and then , once they have the delegate lead sewed up , change their positions again to be more " centrist ; " that supposedly the Republicans do the same thing , tacking right in the primaries and tacking center - ward after the primaries .
BecauseBarack Obama can 'tmean what he says when he says he supports the warrantless wiretapping program that allows the National Security Agency to eavesdrop on any phone call , as long as what they at least say that they 're trying to do is only pay attention to the calls that are between ( actual or suspected ) enemy agents and ( actual or possible ) enemy contacts overseas , he can't possiblyaccept the argument , implicit in this bill , that if the NSA secretly tells a telecom company that the President approved this tap , the company should secretly and immediately comply , right ?
It 's got to be just election - year posturing , right ?
Keith Olbermann and John Dean have both been going on all week about how they 're just 100 % that itbe a secretive conspiracy on Barack Obama 's part to lull the Bush administration and the telcos into a false sense of security , then spring the trap on them with criminal , not civil , prosecutions next January .
Right ?
Wrong .
I think he actually means it .
And I 'm a little bit disappointed , but not terribly surprised .
And I 'd rather he did n't , but I do n't care enough to base my vote on it , not least of which because on this issue , there 's no meaningful difference between him and John McCain .
But that 's not the point that I want to , that I feel that I need to , explain .
Let me explainI think he means it .
( Again .
I explained most of this , in part at least , when the warrantless wiretapping program first leaked to the public , I 'm pretty sure . )
The fact of the matter is that going all the way back to the deployment of theall the way back to thein every war the US has ever fought , our spy services have spied on Americans in total violation of the 4th Amendment to the US Constitution .
But rather than detail it war by war , let me point out to you the history of the NSA ' swarrantless wiretapping program : Operation Ivy Bells , 1957 to 1975 .
The National Security Agency as we now know it was founded by President Truman in 1947 , to collect most of our WWII signals - intercept capabilities into a single agency and retool it from spying on our German and Japanese enemies on behalf of our Russian allies ( and ourselves ) , to spying on our Russian ( and Chinese , but mostly Russian ) enemies on behalf of our German and Japanese allies ( and ourselves ) .
You can't entirely keep a secret that big , certainly not once a department gets big enough to get its own huge headquarters building , but for the first roughly 18 years of its life , the long - standing joke was that the acronym NSA stood for " No Such Agency " or " Never Say Anything . "
Rumors got out , but officially the veryof the NSA was classified Top Secret .
During the Cold War they mostly specialized in intercepting and decoding radio signals , but they did have one very , very ambitious phone - tapping program .
It used customized Navy submarines to " tap " the trans - Pacific phone cables .
Originally they only tapped a local underwater cable , but it expanded to tap all deep water telephone cables going into the Soviet Union .
Yes , calls from anyone , including any innocent civilians , who called anybody in Russia , including ones they had no 4th Amendment right to hear , were recorded , brought back , skimmed for useful intelligence , translated , and if any was found , it was put to use ; then the tapes were erased and reused .
The program only ended in 1975 when one of the NSA 's own people sold the secret of the program to the KGB for cash .
But even then , the American public did n't hear about it .
Why do we know anything at all about the NSA , officially , now ?
Because in 1971 , President Nixon ordered the NSA to eavesdrop on all anti-Vietnam - War groups , too , also without a warrant , on the shallow excuse that some of them might secretly be controlled by Soviet spies .
This so offended someone , and we 're still not even sure who , that they blew the whistle , eventually leading to Congressional hearings in October , 1975 : the famous Church Committee .
It was in the Church Committee hearings that the government was grudgingly forced to admit that the NSA even existed , and that it had been used to spy on Nixon 's political opponents .
Even then , Ivy Bell never came up , not until long after the statute of limitations had run out .
But no further attempts to set up any program even vaguely like it were set up until 1978 or later .
Why 1978 ?
Because having abused the privilege of spying on Americans for political reasons , the NSA was put under a figleaf of court oversight , and I do mean a figleaf , their own captive and pretty much entirely complaisant Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court .
At which point the NSA went back into the business of spying on Americans , in total secrecy , without ever being turned down once , despite never having to turn in anything resembling enough evidence for a real search warrant , for a bit more than a decade .
And that whole time , there were people mounting legal challenges to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , arguing ( quite correctly ) that it was a blatant violation of the Fourth Amendment to the US Constitution .
And they got nowhere .
You know why they got nowhere ?
Because the American government , including the courts , are run byAnd their attitude was , " who cares ? " They allowed FISA and the FISC / NSA to go forward , spying on Americans , because they knew that the real safeguard on Americans ' actual liberty was n't the FISC .
It was the teleco employees themselves who'd have to install and maintain the taps , or who would inevitably discover them in the course of their work .
It was the NSA 's own employees , its own culture , who were trusted because the one and only time any White House ever abused the NSA for political reasons , somebody blew the whistle .
And when they did , Nixon did n't have the guts to even try to make up a plausible national security reason for why he 'd tapped Democratic Party offices and anti-war activists .
I remember my Dad , and other adults I knew at the time , disgustedly arguing that if Nixon'd had the guts to say , " Yeah , I did it .
I had evidence that was n't good enough to get a warrant or to make a public accusation , but too good to completely ignore , that there was a Soviet spy in there somewhere , and I had to find out if it was true .
So I had spies break into that party 's offices .
It turned out it was n't true , so I did n't tell anybody because that would have unfairly tarred them with a false accusation , and we did n't use the information we got improperly .
Would you rather I had ignored rumors of Soviet spies inside a major political party ? " , then he might have successfully finished his second term .
But anyway , afterwards , as far as everybody in any kind of a position of authority in Washington was concerned , the Watergate impeachment hearings and the Church Commission hearings proved that the FISC was a pointless exercise ; that the real precaution was the guaranteed certainty that so many people would know if the White House was abusing its spying capabilities , one of the people who knew would have a conscience attack .
And that 's what 's so uncomfortable about the whole Terrorist Surveillance Program at AT&T and other telecos , the warrantless wiretaps that let the NSA skim the entire Internet backbone and all long - distance phone lines for evidence of al Qaeda plots : nobody , and I mean nobody , has come up with even athat anybody in the NSA used those taps for anything but legitimate purposes , or even athat any information that they were n't supposed to be looking for was passed to the White House , or even a singlethat anyAmerican 's privacy or political rights were impaired in even the tiniest way ... but somebody blew the whistle anyway .
And that 's not actually supposed to happen .
Implicit in the relationship between America 's spy agencies and America 's telecom companies that goes all the way back to the original American Telegraph system in the 1860s is an agreement that everybody would keep their mouths shut unless something went wrong , and that agreement was breached .
So if you think that no matter what he was told or how famously fair - minded a man he is , Barack Obama can ' tbeokay with a bill that forgives every telco for participating in the Terrorist Surveillance Program if they claim that they at least thought that the President had ordered it ?
That he must only be claiming to be okay with it for political advantage , for fear of being called soft on terror , or to reassure swing voters , or to establish the appearance of some distance between himself and the left - wing blogosphere ?
I 'm pretty sure that you 're wrong .
( And an irrelevant aside : my Bush Countdown Clock from NationalNightmare.com reminds me that there are now only 200 days left in the Bush Administration .
And for much of that time , Congress is going to be in recess .
Rejoice that there 's really not much harm that the man can do in that little time , with no more resources or authority than he has left . )
German Minister of Economy Michael Glos sits in at the opening ceremony of the Jeddah Energy Meeting in Jeddah , June 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Ali Jarekji
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) - German Economy Minister Michael Glos held talks with Iraqi officials in Baghdad on Saturday , becoming the first German cabinet minister to visit since the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 .
Germany opposed the invasion but his visit is the latest sign many foreign capitals are ready to upgrade ties with Iraq , where violence has fallen to a four - year low .
“ The German minister confirmed his country ’s keenness to improve political and economic ties with Iraq and that German companies are absolutely ready to rebuild Iraq , ” a statement from Deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih ’s office said .
The statement urged German and Iraqi businessmen to establish a joint forum in Iraq this year .
European interest in Iraq , especially its massive energy potential , has grown .
The European Union is negotiating an energy pact with Iraq , part of the bloc ’s efforts to reduce dependence on Russian oil and gas .
Glos has expressed alarm in recent months about the impact of higher oil prices on Germany ’s economic growth .
“ No other country in the Middle East at the moment has such a large , untapped oil reserve , ” Glos was quoted as saying of Iraq in Germany ’s Bild am Sonntag newspaper due out on Sunday .
His visit comes two days after Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan travelled to Baghdad .
Jordan ’s King Abdullah is expected to visit soon .
( Additional reporting by Erik Kirschbaum in Berlin )
© Tom Toles
From the NY Times :
On July 3 , news reports said Senator John McCain , worried that he might lose the election before it truly started , opened his doors to disciples of Karl Rove from the 2004 campaign and the Bush White House .
Less than a month later , the results are on full display .
The candidate who started out talking about high - minded , civil debate has wholeheartedly adopted Mr. Rove ’s low - minded and uncivil playbook .
The ruins are among Italy 's most - visited tourist attractions
The ancient city of Pompeii has fallen into such disrepair that the Italian government has declared a " state of emergency " in a bid to save the ruins .
Ministers intend to appoint a special commissioner to oversee the site , and have earmarked extra funding for it .
According to analysts , the ruins have suffered from lack of investment , mismanagement , litter and looting .
Pompeii was buried by a volcanic eruption in AD79 and was not rediscovered until the 18th Century .
The volcanic debris preserved many of the city 's buildings , frescos , silverware , mosaics and other artefacts .
But experts complain that the relics are now in danger .
" Every year at least 150 sq m ( 1,600 sq ft ) of fresco and plasterwork are lost for lack of maintenance , " Antonio Irlando , a regional councillor responsible for artistic heritage , told the Corriere della Sera newspaper .
" The same goes for stones : at least 3,000 pieces every year end up disintegrating , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
" To call the situation intolerable does n't go far enough , " Reuters quoted Culture Minister Sandro Bondi as saying .
The " state of emergency " will last for a year .
Three guys from Utah have set out to drive through the contiguous 48 states in record time .
Starting out Sunday in Vermont , they 're already in Wyoming on the way to North Dakota with the goal of getting home to Utah , via nine more states , by Friday .
The time to beat is 5 days , 7 hours and 15 minutes .
Joey Stocking , Adam Gatherum and Josh Keeler think they can do it in three hours less .
Advertisement
We were tempted to mock these guys with a headline something along the lines of " Utahns Meet World , " but it turns out this is actually pretty cool .
Their route was originally drawn up by Josh 's dad 15 years ago , who was forced to abandon his dream due to a death in the family .
The three friends have since updated it with the help of Google Earth .
To make the record time they 're driving straight through , alternating naps in the back seat of their Scion xB with turns driving and navigating .
The Guinness World Record committee would n't sanction their attempt for fear of sanctioning dangerous driving , so if Josh , Adam and Joey are successful , all they 'll get is the satisfaction of having done it .
[ The Great American Road Trip via NPR ]
Thanks to Nate for the tip .
Archive ( fixing broken links ) September 2020 ( 1 ) August 2020 ( 6 ) July 2020 ( 8 ) June 2020 ( 9 ) May 2020 ( 8 ) April 2020 ( 10 ) March 2020 ( 6 ) February 2020 ( 5 ) January 2020 ( 10 ) December 2019 ( 8 ) November 2019 ( 7 ) October 2019 ( 8 ) September 2019 ( 6 ) August 2019 ( 6 ) July 2019 ( 6 ) June 2019 ( 3 ) May 2019 ( 7 ) April 2019 ( 4 ) March 2019 ( 3 ) February 2019 ( 6 ) January 2019 ( 3 ) December 2018 ( 2 ) November 2018 ( 5 ) October 2018 ( 6 ) September 2018 ( 8 ) August 2018 ( 3 ) July 2018 ( 8 ) June 2018 ( 1 ) May 2018 ( 10 ) April 2018 ( 7 ) March 2018 ( 10 ) February 2018 ( 12 ) January 2018 ( 13 ) December 2017 ( 10 ) November 2017 ( 9 ) October 2017 ( 13 ) September 2017 ( 6 ) July 2017 ( 2 ) June 2017 ( 7 ) May 2017 ( 8 ) April 2017 ( 5 ) March 2017 ( 6 ) February 2017 ( 7 ) January 2017 ( 11 ) December 2016 ( 6 ) November 2016 ( 6 ) October 2016 ( 4 ) September 2016 ( 8 ) August 2016 ( 9 ) July 2016 ( 7 ) June 2016 ( 5 ) May 2016 ( 8 ) April 2016 ( 7 ) March 2016 ( 5 ) February 2016 ( 10 ) January 2016 ( 10 ) December 2015 ( 6 ) November 2015 ( 19 ) October 2015 ( 14 ) September 2015 ( 5 ) August 2015 ( 4 ) July 2015 ( 11 ) June 2015 ( 7 ) May 2015 ( 9 ) April 2015 ( 6 ) March 2015 ( 17 ) February 2015 ( 7 ) January 2015 ( 12 ) December 2014 ( 9 ) November 2014 ( 11 ) October 2014 ( 12 ) September 2014 ( 7 ) August 2014 ( 7 ) July 2014 ( 9 ) June 2014 ( 6 ) May 2014 ( 18 ) April 2014 ( 12 ) March 2014 ( 13 ) February 2014 ( 9 ) January 2014 ( 18 ) December 2013 ( 10 ) November 2013 ( 12 ) October 2013 ( 8 ) September 2013 ( 15 ) August 2013 ( 3 ) July 2013 ( 5 ) June 2013 ( 9 ) May 2013 ( 11 ) April 2013 ( 10 ) March 2013 ( 13 ) February 2013 ( 7 ) January 2013 ( 11 ) December 2012 ( 12 ) November 2012 ( 8 ) October 2012 ( 12 ) September 2012 ( 11 ) August 2012 ( 7 ) July 2012 ( 10 ) June 2012 ( 10 ) May 2012 ( 9 ) April 2012 ( 6 ) March 2012 ( 4 ) February 2012 ( 4 ) January 2012 ( 4 ) December 2011 ( 7 ) November 2011 ( 5 ) October 2011 ( 10 ) September 2011 ( 10 ) August 2011 ( 9 ) July 2011 ( 5 ) June 2011 ( 11 ) May 2011 ( 9 ) April 2011 ( 9 ) March 2011 ( 11 ) February 2011 ( 7 ) January 2011 ( 13 ) December 2010 ( 8 ) November 2010 ( 13 ) October 2010 ( 7 ) September 2010 ( 12 ) August 2010 ( 16 ) July 2010 ( 5 ) June 2010 ( 6 ) May 2010 ( 5 ) April 2010 ( 4 ) March 2010 ( 7 ) February 2010 ( 1 ) January 2010 ( 4 ) December 2009 ( 6 ) November 2009 ( 5 ) October 2009 ( 5 ) September 2009 ( 4 ) August 2009 ( 5 ) July 2009 ( 2 ) June 2009 ( 8 ) May 2009 ( 5 ) April 2009 ( 5 ) March 2009 ( 7 ) February 2009 ( 5 ) January 2009 ( 4 ) December 2008 ( 6 ) November 2008 ( 7 ) October 2008 ( 3 ) September 2008 ( 4 ) August 2008 ( 11 ) July 2008 ( 8 ) June 2008 ( 9 ) May 2008 ( 11 ) April 2008 ( 10 ) March 2008 ( 12 ) February 2008 ( 12 ) January 2008 ( 13 ) December 2007 ( 11 ) November 2007 ( 10 ) October 2007 ( 10 ) September 2007 ( 12 ) August 2007 ( 13 ) July 2007 ( 17 ) June 2007 ( 7 ) May 2007 ( 18 ) April 2007 ( 11 ) March 2007 ( 11 ) February 2007 ( 18 ) January 2007 ( 12 ) December 2006 ( 12 ) November 2006 ( 14 ) October 2006 ( 14 ) September 2006 ( 16 ) August 2006 ( 26 ) July 2006 ( 23 ) June 2006 ( 19 ) May 2006 ( 16 ) April 2006 ( 17 ) March 2006 ( 31 ) February 2006 ( 28 ) January 2006 ( 31 ) December 2005 ( 31 ) November 2005 ( 30 ) October 2005 ( 31 ) September 2005 ( 30 ) August 2005 ( 34 ) July 2005 ( 34 ) June 2005 ( 39 ) May 2005 ( 33 ) April 2005 ( 30 ) March 2005 ( 33 ) February 2005 ( 34 ) January 2005 ( 31 ) December 2004 ( 29 )
Mozilla Foundationの開発者は8月23日（米国時間）、「Firefox」用の最新のJavaScriptエンジン「 TraceMonkey」を発表した。年末にリリースを予定している「
Firefox 3.1」に搭載を見込む。各種ベンチマークテストで現行版と比べ、1.83倍～22.5倍の高速化を実現したという。
TraceMonkeyは、最新のJIT（Just-In-Time）コンパイラを利用したJavaScriptエンジン。Trace Treesという技術を用いて、既存のJavaScriptエンジン「SpiderMonkey」にネイティブのコードコンパイラを追加したもので、Webアプリケーションのパフォーマンスを大幅に改善するという。
たとえば、SunSpiderベンチマークテストで「 Firefox 3 」 とTraceMonkeyを比較した場合、TraceMonkeyは1.83倍高速だったという。SunSpider ubenchでは、22.5倍高速だったという。
Tamarin Tracingプロジェクトなど、複数のプロジェクトのコードを利用しているという。現在、Firefox
3.1の開発ツリーに入っており、プラットフォームはx86とx86-64のほか、ARMをサポートするなど、モバイル対応も視野に入れた。
Mozilla Foundation
http://www.mozilla.org
「 TraceMonkey 」のペー ジ
https://wiki.mozilla.org/JavaScript:TraceMonkey
A recent case study on using hydrogen to store the electricity generated by a mix of wind and nuclear power in Ontario , Canada , has shown that the hydrogen addition wo n’t be worth the cost , at least not at the current state of hydrogen technology development .
Bruce Power – Canada ’s first private nuclear generating company – is considering including a hydrogen storage and distribution component to go along with a large scale wind farm , all presently sharing the main electrical transmission line in Bruce County , Ontario .
The province ’s first commercial wind farm , Huron Wind , is located on the shore of Lake Huron .
Its five wind turbines provide a maximum output power of 9 MW .
Additional large scale wind farms are located close by , using the same transmission lines .
Bruce Power ’s nuclear power plant , located about 250 km northwest of Toronto , consists of six reactors .
Together , the reactors generate a total output power of 4,830 MW , which supplies more than 20 % of Ontario ’s electricity .
Using hydrogen as a storage and distribution method for the electricity generated by the wind farm and nuclear plant from the same region could have several potential benefits .
When the cost of electricity is low , for example , the company could store part of its electricity production as hydrogen , and then sell it back to the electricity market when the price increases .
Similarly , electricity could be stored as hydrogen when there is not enough line capacity to transfer it all at once .
In periods of low winds , hydrogen storage could help make up for the variability and in periods of high winds and constrained transmission capacities , hydrogen could be used to store the electricity .
In the future , the hydrogen itself could be sold to a hydrogen market , which could be more profitable than selling it back to the electricity market .
However , costs of the initial investment , production , and operation wo n’t be matched by the profit solely from storing electricity as hydrogen , according to the study by Gregor Taljan and Gregor Verbič from the University of Ljubljana , Slovenia , and Claudio Cañizares and Michael Fowler from the University of Waterloo , Ontario .
Even with an optimistic hydrogen production efficiency of 60 % through electrolysis , the researchers ’ evaluation shows that the electricity stored as hydrogen would need to be sold to the electricity market at a high price that rarely happens in order for the scheme to be profitable .
As the researchers demonstrate , the selling price of electricity would need to be about four times the buying electricity price for the hydrogen system to profit from storing electricity .
“ This study is very important from the viewpoint of finding synergies between electrical energy and chemical energy stored in hydrogen , ” Taljan told PhysOrg.com .
“ The study shows that currently , hydrogen is not profitable solely for electricity storage .
On the other hand , it might be economically acceptable to produce hydrogen from electricity at advantageous electricity / hydrogen prices .
Furthermore , hydrogen is shown to be a highly favorable option when there are electricity transmission constraints in the area , limiting sales of electricity of a power producer . ”
As the researchers explain , hydrogen storage might be an economically feasible option for storing electricity in times of insufficient electricity transmission line capacities , which would otherwise be dumped .
This could be especially true in cases where the upgrade of transmission systems is not an option due to various reasons ( such as remote location , resistance of local population , etc. ) .
The study also showed that a hydrogen sub-system for producing hydrogen could be profitable if there is sufficient hydrogen demand .
For instance , transportation applications ( such as cars , trains , and planes ) could provide a market for buying hydrogen produced by a mixed wind - nuclear plant .
“ Hydrogen production might become profitable when the Hydrogen Economy becomes fully mature , i.e. when the demand , and correspondingly prices , for hydrogen increases ( expected mainly from the transportation sector ) , ” Taljan said .
“ This might happen when the prices of fossil fuels rise as a result of many different possible factors ( e.g. shrinking reserves , higher demand , political instabilities , CO 2 emissions trading schemes ) .
In this scenario , hydrogen might become a real fossil fuel substitute option which will drive up the hydrogen demand and prices , making the hydrogen production a lucrative business .
“ In this context , it is also important that research into hydrogen production , storage , transmission , distribution and consumption components ‘ wins the battle ’ with the electron economy , where the energy carrier is considered to be electricity .
Those two economies compete in many different areas , such as efficiencies , durability , and prices .
Currently , hydrogen is advantageous in terms of higher energy density and durability but still lags in efficiencies . ”
The team ’s investigation into the feasibility of hydrogen is further elaborated in two other recent studies .
“ Hydrogen storage for mixed wind–nuclear power plants in the context of a Hydrogen Economy , ” which is published in the International Journal of Hydrogen Energy , deals with how the excess oxygen and heat utilizations would improve the economics of hydrogen systems primarily designed for storing of electricity .
The second study , “ Study of Mixed Wind - Nuclear - Hydrogen Power Plants , ” which is going to be presented at this year ’s North American Power Symposium in Calgary , demonstrates that hydrogen is not economically feasible for the sole purpose of storing electricity , in spite of residual heat and oxygen utilization , and based on current hydrogen production and utilization technologies .
More information : Taljan , Gregor ; Cañizares , Claudio ; Fowler , Michael ; and Verbič , Gregor .
“ The Feasibility of Hydrogen Storage for Mixed Wind - Nuclear Power Plants . ” IEEE Transactions on Power Systems , Vol. 23 , Issue 3 , August 2008 .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
By JoCo • July 22 , 2008
Another fantastic cover of “ Still Alive , ” this time with an orchestra and a chorus ( it ’s song # 16 in the Spring Concert 2008 ) .
There ’s even a little section that features the latin - flavored version of the song that plays on of the radio in the game .
Do n’t you people have work to do ?
Rob Cockerham of cockeyed.com is a sociologist provocateur that we 've featured quite a few times here on Boing Boing .
His experiments never fail to delight and illuminate .
Recently Rob found $ 60 in parking lot and when he reported it on Craigslist he received three replies .
Intrigued , he posted another ( this time , ersatz ) announcement that he'd found money and wanted to return it to its rightful owner .
Look how four " different " people replied to his annoucement :
Catherine : I was shopping at the Mervyns on camp wisdom and three hundred dollard fell out of my wallett it was twenties and one hundreds .
It was my kids back to school money and have been loosing my mind .
Not sure if you found all of it or part .
but please email me back either way .
Thank you , Catherine ( Fri. 4:36 pm )
Jack :
My wife and I where shopping at Mervyns and lost 260.00 it was one fifty one ten five twenties and one one hundred dollar bill .
We where at the Mervyns on Plano Rd . In Dallas please let me know if you found any part of this money we would greatly appreciate it .
( Fri. 4:40 pm )
Rob : Hi Catherine , I 'm sorry , I found more money than that , so I think it must be someone else 's .
I am very sorry .
Good luck .
( Mon 10:30 am )
Rob : Hi Jack , I 'm sorry , I found the money in the shoe department at the Camp Wisdom Mervyn 's store .
Good luck .
( Mon 10:31 am )
Bella : Hello I was shopping at the mervyns on camp wisdom with my family I was in the shoe department and jewlrey department .
somewhere in either department I lost three hundred dollars .
and I am going out of my mind !
please email me back and let me know if you found it .
I have been worried sick .
thank you ( 10:35 am ! ! )
Rob : Hi Bella ,
That is the same store where I found the money , but I found almost $ 800 wrapped in paper .
I 'm sorry .
It might even be from the store itself , so I 've been planning to go and ask the manager if their deposit was missing or something .
Good luck .
( Mon 12:50 pm )
Eric : I saw your post on cl just as I was going to put one up .
my boss told me about cl .
I lost some money at mervyns on camp wisdom I had just come from the bank and stopped in to get some sneakers .
the money I lost is my rent money .
it was wrapped in paper and was 780.00 .
my wife is needless to say unhappy with me for loosing it .
I called the store and no one has turnend it in .
if you can email me back .
thank you .
( Mon 12:54 pm )
Bella : thank you for emailing me back .
someone just called me who found my money !
so thankfully I got it back .
Rob : Hi Eric ,
Ok , thanks for writing .
I called the store and tried to talk to the manager to see if it might be misplaced or stolen from the register , but she was not available .
I hung up after 7 minutes on hold .
Anyway , I 'm waiting for them to call me back too .
I want to be sure I have the right person because it was a lot of money .
Can you tell me anything about the paper ?
- Rob
Eric :
It was wrapped in white paper , I am loosing my mind paniking because that was almost my whole pay how could I possibly recoop that you know ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
As things in the economy have gotten worse , the number of people and businesses heading to bankruptcy court has spiked .
Bankruptcy filings surged 29 % in the 12 months that ended June 30 , according to government figures released Wednesday .
Total filings rose to 967,831 from 751,056 a year earlier .
Business filings jumped more than 41 % to 33,822 from 23,889 in the year - ago period .
Personal filings totaled 934,009 , up 28 % from last year .
" As we continue to hear more bad economic news , we will continue to see bankruptcies spiral upwards , " said Jack Williams , resident scholar at the American Bankruptcy Institute .
The bankruptcy group expects filings to reach 1.2 million this year , as problems in the housing market have " reverberated throughout the economy , " he added .
The data also showed that filings for Chapter 7 rose 36 % to 615,748 in the 12 months that ended June 30 .
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is designed to give individual debtors a " fresh start " by discharging many of their debts .
Under Chapter 7 a filer 's assets minus those exempted by his home state are liquidated and given to creditors first in line for repayment , while the rest of his debts are cancelled .
Another type of individual bankruptcy - Chapter 13 - requires debtors to pay back their debts over time .
Total Chapter 13 filings rose 17 % to 344,421 from 294,693 a year earlier .
Filings for Chapter 11 bankruptcy , which is aimed at assisting struggling corporations or partnerships , rose more than 30 % to 7,293 .
2005 law cracked down on filers
The increase comes near the third - year anniversary of a congressional crackdown on filers of chapter 7 bankruptcy .
The Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act , which made it harder for individuals to receive Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection , went into effect in late 2005 .
Huge numbers of people rushed to file for bankruptcy before the deadline and then filings dropped off dramatically in 2006 - 07 .
Lawmakers who voted in favor of the law included Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , the Republican presidential candidate , and Sen. Joe Biden , D - Del. , the Democrats ' vice presidential pick .
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , voted against the act .
Recently , Obama has proposed to fast - track bankruptcy proceedings for military families and help seniors facing bankruptcy keep their home .
Proponents of the law argued that it would prevent consumers from using bankruptcy laws to clear debts that they actually have the ability to repay .
Consumer advocates decried it as a boon to creditors - particularly credit card companies - that lose money when debtors declare Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
Williams said that Chapter 7 filings are starting to return to levels last seen before the 2005 law , which suggests that the decrease following its enactment " may have been an illusion . "
Three pipelines that run through Georgia are now out of action .
Energy giant BP says it has shut two of three pipelines that run through Georgia as a precautionary measure .
A spokeswoman for the firm said the oil and gas pipelines , which run from the Caspian Sea into Georgia , had not been damaged by the recent fighting .
The oil pipeline , which BP owns as part of a consortium , can carry up to 90,000 barrels of oil per day .
Another key oil pipeline , which runs from Azerbaijan through southern Georgia into Turkey , is already shut .
The closure comes as the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) warned that the conflict posed a threat to key oil and gas pipelines that pass through Georgia .
Renewed flows through Georgia could be further delayed if the line is damaged during the Russia - Georgia conflict
IEA Georgia falls victim to pipeline politics
The IEA said that Georgia was of strategic importance to energy markets but that so far oil prices " had not been materially affected " .
BP said it had closed the Western Route Export Pipeline ( WREP ) , which runs from Baku on the Caspian Sea in Azerbaijan to the Georgian Black Sea port of Supsa , this morning .
It has also stopped pumping gas into the South Caucasus pipeline , which runs from the Caspian Sea , through Georgia , into Turkey , although BP said gas will continue to run through the line for another seven days .
Precarious
The larger Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan ( BTC ) oil pipeline has been closed since early August following an explosion on the eastern Turkish section of the line .
The current conflict could also delay its reopening , scheduled for September .
Oil and gas is transported through Georgia to Europe .
It is the world 's second - largest pipeline and runs from Azerbaijan through southern Georgia into Turkey .
It can transport up to 1.2 million barrels of oil a day .
" Renewed flows through Georgia could be further delayed if the line is damaged during the Russia - Georgia conflict , " the IEA said in its monthly report .
It added that the outage and the eruption of hostilities highlighted the potentially precarious nature of pipeline energy supplies in the region .
BP has a 30 % stake in the BTC pipeline .
It had been hoped that transporting oil through the region would make the West less dependent on supplies from Russia .
Figures released by the IEA later in the day showed the sharpest drop in demand for US crude oil in 26 years , sending the price of oil down to $ 113 a barrel .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
NASA Spacecraft Confirms Martian Water , Mission Extended
Media contacts : Guy Webster 818-354-6278
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
Sara Hammond 520-626-1974
University of Arizona , Tucson
shammond@lpl.arizona.edu
Dwayne Brown 202-358-1726
NASA Headquarters
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
08-195
TUCSON , Ariz . --
Laboratory tests aboard NASA 's Phoenix Mars Lander have identified water in a soil sample .
The lander 's robotic arm delivered the sample Wednesday to an instrument that identifies vapors produced by the heating of samples .
" We have water , " said William Boynton of the University of Arizona , lead scientist for the Thermal and Evolved - Gas Analyzer , or TEGA .
" We 've seen evidence for this water ice before in observations by the Mars Odyssey orbiter and in disappearing chunks observed by Phoenix last month , but this is the first time Martian water has been touched and tasted .
" With enticing results so far and the spacecraft in good shape , NASA also announced operational funding for the mission will extend through Sept. 30 .
The original prime mission of three months ends in late August .
The mission extension adds five weeks to the 90 days of the prime mission .
" Phoenix is healthy and the projections for solar power look good , so we want to take full advantage of having this resource in one of the most interesting locations on Mars , " said Michael Meyer , chief scientist for the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
The soil sample came from a trench approximately 2 inches deep .
When the robotic arm first reached that depth , it hit a hard layer of frozen soil .
Two attempts to deliver samples of icy soil on days when fresh material was exposed were foiled when the samples became stuck inside the scoop .
Most of the material in Wednesday 's sample had been exposed to the air for two days , letting some of the water in the sample vaporize away and making the soil easier to handle .
" Mars is giving us some surprises , " said Phoenix principal investigator Peter Smith of the University of Arizona .
" We 're excited because surprises are where discoveries come from .
One surprise is how the soil is behaving .
The ice - rich layers stick to the scoop when poised in the sun above the deck , different from what we expected from all the Mars simulation testing we 've done .
That has presented challenges for delivering samples , but we 're finding ways to work with it and we 're gathering lots of information to help us understand this soil .
" Since landing on May 25 , Phoenix has been studying soil with a chemistry lab , TEGA , a microscope , a conductivity probe and cameras .
Besides confirming the 2002 finding from orbit of water ice near the surface and deciphering the newly observed stickiness , the science team is trying to determine whether the water ice ever thaws enough to be available for biology and if carbon - containing chemicals and other raw materials for life are present .
The mission is examining the sky as well as the ground .
A Canadian instrument is using a laser beam to study dust and clouds overhead .
" It 's a 30 - watt light bulb giving us a laser show on Mars , " said Victoria Hipkin of the Canadian Space Agency .
A full - circle , color panorama of Phoenix 's surroundings also has been completed by the spacecraft .
"
The details and patterns we see in the ground show an ice - dominated terrain as far as the eye can see , " said Mark Lemmon of Texas A&M University , lead scientist for Phoenix 's Surface Stereo Imager camera .
" They help us plan measurements we 're making within reach of the robotic arm and interpret those measurements on a wider scale .
" The Phoenix mission is led by Smith at the University of Arizona with project management at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , and development partnership at Lockheed Martin in Denver .
International contributions come from the Canadian Space Agency ; the University of Neuchatel , Switzerland ; the universities of Copenhagen and Aarhus in Denmark ; the Max Planck Institute in Germany ; and the Finnish Meteorological Institute .
For more about Phoenix , visit :
From the Publisher :
In this thoroughly researched and documented book , the # 1 New York Times bestselling co-author of Unfit for Command : Swift Boat Veterans Speak Out Against John Kerry explains why the extreme leftism of an Obama presidency would leave the United States weakened , diminished and divided , why Obama must be defeated — and how he can be .
THE OBAMA NATION Leftist Politics and the Cult of Personality
Barack Obama stepped onto the national political stage when the then - Illinois State senator addressed the 2004 Democratic National Convention .
Soon after Obama was elected to the U.S. Senate , author Jerome Corsi began researching Obama 's personal and political background .
Scrupulously sourced with more than 600 footnotes , THE OBAMA NATION is the result of that research .
By tracing Obama 's career and influences from his early years in Hawaii and Indonesia , the beginnings of his political career in Chicago , his voting record in the Illinois legislature , his religious training and his adoption of Christianity through to his recent involvement in Kenyan politics , his political advisors and fundraising associates and his meteoric campaign for president , Jerome Corsi shows that an Obama presidency would , in his words , be “ a repeat of the failed extremist politics that have characterized and plagued Democratic Party politics since the late 1960s . ”
In this stunning and comprehensive new book , the reader will learn about : - Obama 's extensive connections with Islam and radical politics , from his father and step - father 's Islamic backgrounds , to his Communist and socialist mentors in Hawaii and Chicago , to his long - term and close associations with former Weather Underground heroes William Ayers and Bernadette Dohrn — associations much closer than heretofore revealed by the press
- Barack and Michelle 's 20 - year - long religious affiliation with the black - liberation theology of former Trinity United Church of Christ Reverend Jeremiah Wright , whose sermons have always been steeped in a rage first expressed by Franz Fanon , Stokely Carmichael and Malcolm X , a rage that Corsi shows has deep meaning for Obama
- Obama 's continuing connections with Kenya , the homeland of his father , through his support for the candidacy of Raila Odinga , the radical socialist presidential contender who came to power amid Islamist violence and church burnings
- Obama 's involvement in the slum - landlord empire of the Chicago political fixer Tony Rezko , who helped to bankroll Obama 's initial campaigns and to purchase of Barack and Michelle 's dream - home property .
- the background and techniques of the Obama campaign 's cult of personality , including the derivation of the words “ hope ” and change ”
- Obama 's far - left domestic policy , his controversial votes on abortion , his history of opposition to the Second Amendment , his determination to raise capital - gains taxes , his impractical plan to achieve universal health care , and his radical plan to tax Americans to fund a global - poverty - reduction program
- Obama 's naïve , anti-war , anti-nuclear foreign - policy , predicated on the reduction of the military , the eradication of nuclear weapons and an overconfidence in the power of his personality , as if belief in change alone could somehow transform international politics , achieve nuclear - weapons disarmament and withdrawal from Iraq without adverse consequences , for us , for the Iraqis or for Israel .
Meticulously researched and documented , THE OBAMA NATION is the definitive source for information on why and how Barack Obama must be defeated — not by invective and general attacks , but by detailed arguments that are well - researched and fact - based .
The Coal Miners ' slaughter : China 's Olympic shame
This ( below picture ) is one of China 's 15,000 Dickensian coal mines .
Every day , ten Chinese miners like this one die in conditions so perilous even Beijing shut down the worst pits - only to allow their reopening to fuel the power - hungry Olympic machine .
SIMON PARRY in Datong is the first journalist to report on China 's Olympic shame .
By SIMON PARRY
Four out of every five mining related deaths in the world are in China
The private mine lies at the end of a hidden dirt track on a barren hilltop in Datong like a dirty secret , which it is ; just one of the many that exist in this desolate corner of China .
The plan is to go inside .
It is clearly not going to happen .
A huddle of uniformed guards has been watching our approach to the fortress - like entrance with ill - concealed menace .
When we get within 20 yards of the huge iron gates , they close ranks and block our way .
High brick walls topped with barbed wire surround the mine .
The guards let each worker in and out .
It is more like a prison entrance than a commercial enterprise .
‘ No one is allowed in except workers – those are the rules , ’ one of them barks at my translator and me when we ask if we can come inside .
As we turn around to leave , a guard on a motorbike follows us back to the end of the dusty track and then watches until he is sure we are not coming back .
‘ That mine was shut down because of its bad safety record two years ago , ’ my driver tells me .
‘ Then it suddenly opened again last year , with high walls and guards .
' They ’re making lots of money because the demand for coal is high now .
But the bosses are scared the government will find out about what really goes on in there and close them down again . ’
The coal industry used to be China ’s pride .
Now it is more of an embarrassment , and little wonder .
A mule and a cart are used to haul coal in a private mine
Datong is the country ’s coal capital .
As such , it is one of the most polluted corners of the planet , a world far removed from Beijing , where hordes of tourists are flocking for the Olympics .
Here the air is a noxious soup and the city is often cloaked in a yellow haze that all but shuts out the sunlight .
No one wears face masks ; pollution is the least of their worries .
For the communities that live and work in the barren , brown hillsides stretching out towards Inner Mongolia , the most pressing concern is not the long - term effects of breathing foul air contaminated by coal dust and power - station fumes , but the more rudimentary challenge of surviving to the next working day .
As has been widely reported , a new coal - fired power station opens every week in China , at great cost to the global environment .
But less known is the extraordinary mortality rates in mines .
Four out of every five mining - related deaths in the world are in China ; ten Chinese miners die every day , the vast majority of those at private – that is , non-state - run – mines like this one in Datong .
Two years ago , even the Chinese got embarrassed by this intolerable casualty rate .
They announced a series of measures to improve safety , stepped up inspections , improved compensation levels for injured miners and families of dead miners .
Critically , they ordered thousands of smaller mines producing less than 90,000 tons of coal a year to close down .
The idea was to concentrate production in the huge , state - run mines employing tens of thousands of miners each , where both safety standards and the quality of the coal are easier to control .
' There was a roar and a bright flash and then I was blinded - pieces of coal shot into my face like bullets ...'
The policy was a success .
Death rates fell substantially from a peak of 7,000 in 2002 to less than 4,000 last year .
And then the Olympics came to town .
To feed its power needs , China is opening the old mines again .
This springtime , in the snow - dusted hills of Inner Mongolia in northern China and Shanxi province where the country ’s biggest coal reserves lie , the huge coal trucks that move between the privately run mines were once again rumbling back and forth .
Dozens of mines that had been shut down by the Chinese authorities due to their particularly appalling safety records have reopened .
Unsurprisingly , deaths are also up again in recent months .
In two separate single incidents in July , 21 and 18 miners were killed .
Mortality rates , it seems , are less important than putting on a good show .
A miner coming off shift at a private mine near Datong
From the outside , the grubby , ramshackle clinic for injured miners in a village on the outskirts of Datong in Shanxi , looks like an animal shelter .
It is a single - storey white building .
Inside it is filled with spartan rooms packed with beds containing dozens of young men recovering from horrific mining injuries .
I meet a pale - looking man on crutches outside the desolate building .
Zhu Jia Ching has been in this clinic since last September .
As he greets me I ’m instantly struck by his broken teeth , another consequence of the accident he was involved in ten months ago .
Zhu recalls the afternoon : ‘ I was working underground when the scaffolding collapsed on me .
Both my legs were broken and my teeth were smashed up in the accident , my face was forced down into the coal . ’
He points to his black and swollen upper lip , saying , ‘ I still have pieces of coal lodged in here . ’
Zhu was carried unconscious out of the mine .
He was lucky to have survived .
‘ A fortnight after my accident , there was another scaffolding collapse in the same stretch of mine , ’ the 39 - year - old father of two says with a grimace .
‘ Four miners were killed .
All of them were from my home province . ’
With no salary and only hospital meals to live on , Zhu is waiting to recover enough to return to his family in his home village hundreds of miles away .
‘ The mine manager came to see me a few weeks after my accident and offered me 10,000 yuan ( £ 730 ) compensation if I took the money and went straight home , ’ he says .
‘ I refused .
At the time he came , I could n’t even walk .
‘ The manager left and has n’t been back since .
He wo n’t discuss the matter and I ’ve been living in the hospital ever since .
I want him to pay for the treatment to my broken teeth and give me proper compensation – then I ’ll go home for good . ’
Zhu ’s experience is far from unusual .
Miners on the train that takes them underground
On a dusty roadside in nearby Guanzhong village , Wan Ming Yong , 35 , smokes and chats with friends as he waits to begin his eight - hour underground shift .
He was working in another privately run coal mine in May last year when a wall of coal exploded in his face .
Wan ’s face and neck are still peppered with tiny lumps of coal .
‘ There was a roar and a bright flash and then I was blinded .
Pieces of coal shot into my face like bullets and I was covered in blood .
My first thought was , “ Am I blind ? ” I spent a month in hospital but I was very lucky .
I could easily have been killed , ’ he says .
‘ I was given 5,000 yuan ( £ 365 ) compensation by the coal mine ’s bosses .
I was n’t happy with it but what could I do ?
I had to look after my family so I got out of hospital as quickly as I could and went back to work at the coal face . ’
Wan has particular reason for realising how lucky he was .
‘ My brother - in - law was crushed when scaffolding collapsed on him in the same mine in 2004 .
He was badly injured but he should have lived .
He was left to die in hospital on the orders of the coal mine owner so that he would n’t have to pay out more compensation , ’ he says .
‘ We believe they may have even given him a lethal injection to finish him off .
At that time , if a miner died , his employer had to pay the family 50,000 yuan ( £ 3,650 ) compensation .
' If he was crippled , the amount would be three times as high because he had to be paid disability benefit .
So it was much cheaper to make sure my brother - in - law did n’t survive . ’
Zhu and Wan are the walking wounded of a ragtag army of tens of thousands of workers labouring in private run mines in Shanxi and Inner Mongolia .
The insatiable demand for the coal dug by these miners was made clear earlier this year when President Hu Jintao himself travelled to Datong to appeal to its 200,000 government mine workers to dig harder .
A worker pushes a wagon loaded with coal at the Dingxing colliery in Sichuan province
Not only was coal needed to help fuel the booming economy and the imminent Olympics , but the country was emerging from its harshest winter in half a century .
‘ The President ’s visit made us very happy , ’ says Li Ming Xin , 58 , a retired miner working as watchman at the Datong ’s Xin Zhaoyiu coal mine – officially known as Government Coal Mine Number Five – where more than 10,000 miners are employed .
‘ We felt very proud , ’ says Li . ‘ The President of our country had come and asked for coal to save the country , so we all made a special effort .
' Everyone gave up their Lunar New Year holidays .
We increased production dramatically and all the coal went to the south for electricity production .
We were very happy to be called upon to help at the time of our country ’s great need . ’
Behind the high brick walls that surround the private mines is a Dickensian world where mules and oxen are still used to haul coal out of tunnels dug into the hillside .
Hand - pushed carts are used to move the coal around the complex .
Miners with blackened faces and no more than a basic helmet to protect them from rock falls are sent into tunnels to dig the ground with picks and axes .
This is a world that harks back to a different time , to the 19th century when modern technology and equipment did not exist .
Gas explosions are frequent in these privately run concerns due to poor management and lack of ventilation .
There is no machinery to test the density of the gas , or at least the equipment available is of such poor quality that it is pretty useless .
But these small ventures attract workers with higher wages than offered by the state - run mines .
Salaries in government complexes are around 3,000 yuan ( £ 220 ) a month , much more than the national average , with a pension of 2,100 yuan ( £ 155 ) for retired , long - serving miners .
In the smaller private ventures , however , miners can earn up to twice that amount , taking home 6,000 yuan ( £ 440 ) .
But the high salaries come at a terrible price : accidents in privately run coal mines account for around 70 per cent of China ’s mining deaths .
Sitting in his watchman ’s hut beneath a portrait of Chairman Mao , Li , who spent 41 years working as a miner , shakes his head and frowns as he speaks of the dangers facing workers inside the privately run mines .
Nevertheless , he claims safety has improved : ‘ Here , we have very few accidents because the attention to safety these days is much greater than in the past . ’
In Datong , the vast majority of workers in government - run mines are locals and , in many cases , jobs are passed on from generation to generation with the sons of miners being given priority for jobs in the city ’s 18 state - run coal mines .
Miners coming off shift walk out of the coal field .
Privately run mines – usually owned by district or village governments but leased out to private companies to manage – are , by contrast , staffed by migrant workers from poor provinces who move from mine to mine in search of better salaries and conditions .
One miner who works as an explosives specialist in a private mine outside Datong rues the day he turned down the chance to work in a state - run mine because he wanted to maintain a higher salary .
‘ I did n’t realise at the time that if you work in a government mine for ten years , you get a pension for the rest of your life , ’ says Yang Hua , 39 .
‘ As migrant workers in privately run mines , we take much greater risks and we move from mine to mine .
' I will have to carry on working until I am 60 to support my family .
It ’s very different for the coal mine owners of course .
They drive luxury cars and they can make ten million yuan ( £ 730,000 ) in just one month .
' Because of the coal shortage , they have never been able to make so much money . ’
Stung by the government criticism of their safely standards , private mines now operate amid tight security .
In the current sensitive climate , even government - run mines refuse to let outsiders visit .
Even though guided underground tours are advertised on giant faded billboards outside the showpiece Government Mine Number Nine , when we arrive at the visitors ’ office an official eyes us suspiciously and says : ‘ Sorry .
We ca n’t take you in .
Our visitor insurance has expired . ’
When we assure him that our own insurance will cover the visit , he flicks distractedly through a pile of papers before announcing : ‘ The tour is very time - consuming and expensive and there are only the two of you .
I ’m afraid we ca n’t afford to take you inside . ’
It was clear the last tour down the mineshaft took place a long time ago .
Its office walls are lined with decades - old pictures of Chinese leaders on official visits .
Government Mine Number
Nine is no longer the shining example of China ’s industrial muscle .
Meanwhile , the price continues to be paid by miners like Zhu in the clinic outside Datong .
‘ I had only been there for three months and it happened because of neglect , ’ he says .
‘ The managers knew there were cracks in the scaffolding but they still made us carry on working beneath it . ’
It is exactly this dismal level of safety standards that the government attempted to control when it ordered such mines be shut down back in 2006 .
The fact that the authorities have recognised the dangers of these small private concerns enough to take action makes the fact that they have now reopened even more shocking .
As a relatively new employee , Zhu was earning only 100 yuan ( £ 7.30 ) a day to work underground , laying explosives to blast into virgin coal faces .
He often worked 26 or 27 days a month to earn enough money to send home to his family in western Sichuan province .
‘ I used to be a farmer but I have a daughter aged 17 and a son aged 14 and I could n’t earn enough to pay for them to go to school , so I decided to come to the coal mine to work , ’ he says .
‘ Now my family is in an even worse situation because of what has happened to me .
My wife has had to borrow money to pay for the education of our two children and we also have my parents to support .
It is very hard for them .
I will go back to farming when
I recover – I can never go back to working in a mine . ’
His wait for a fair payout could be a long one if the experience of other injured miners is anything to go by .
‘ I ’ve been in this clinic for five years since I broke my legs in an accident and I still have n’t got a proper settlement , ’ says He Yao , 65 , from Inner Mongolia .
‘ I ’ll never work again now and I have three children to support – so I ’m not going home to my family until I ’ve got the compensation I deserve . ’
For Wan Ming
Yong and the other miners continuing their daily shifts underground , however , the biggest immediate concern is keeping their jobs .
‘ We have been told that 90 per cent of coal mines in the area will close because they do n’t want any stories about gas explosions coming out during the Olympics , ’ he says .
Nevertheless , the trauma of his accident last year and his relative ’s death in 2004 have clearly affected Wan deeply .
‘ My brother - in - law was only 30 when he died and he had a seven - year - old son .
The family hired a lawyer and proved in the court case that he should have survived .
' In the end , they got compensation of 180,000 yuan ( £ 13,200 ) for his death – more than three times what they were originally offered , ’ he says .
‘ Since then , the policy has changed .
Now , when a miner dies , the family might get more .
It ’s a special concession to the migrant workers and we ’re grateful for it .
‘ We have higher safety standards , too .
With the Olympic games so close , the inspectors have become stricter and are doing more to guarantee the safety of workers .
If they check a mine and it is n’t safe , they close the mine down . ’
Despite the new level of official concern , coal mining in China remains exceptionally dangerous by any yardstick – and being a worker in a privately run mine is a daily game of roulette with a strong chance of ending up another casualty .
If the Olympic Games pass without an embarrassing , deadly explosion in one of the country ’s mines , it will only be because the country has temporarily halted production .
Without a doubt , after the closing ceremony mules will start dragging out coal from the depths of the earth again .
And the miners that fill the carts will be risking their lives once more .
The European Space Agency is set to launch the Gravity field and steady - state Ocean Circulation Explorer ( GOCE ) Star Destroyer satellite on September 10th .
This advanced mission will be the most sophisticated piece of kit ever to orbit the Earth , investigating the Earth ’s gravitational field .
It will perform a highly accurate mapping campaign , producing a high resolution reference shape of the geoid ( i.e. the shape of our planet ) .
The mission will be unprecedented , but that ’s not the reason why I ’m drawing attention to it …
Only last week I remarked on the coolness of the 2013 Mars rover mission in the shape of the dazzling Pasteur Rover ( set to drill two - metres into Mars ) , and today with the announcement of the launch GOCE , it looks like ESA has done it again .
They ’ve encased their state - of - the - art instrumentation inside something that belongs in a science fiction movie , more reminiscent of the Imperial Star Destroyer from Star Wars than a tin box satellite …
When someone says “ satellite ” I think : a box , a couple of antennae , a flimsy - looking solar panel or two , possibly a communication dish – but that ’s it .
To be honest many of the telecommunication satellites look like they ’ve been botched together with twine and hot glue ; aesthetics is never a huge consideration for spacecraft .
At the end of the day , who really cares what a satellite or planetary probe looks like ?
Well I do , and this is why .
When you build a fantastic looking spaceship like GOCE , it really sets the imagination alight .
I ’ve just been browsing through the multimedia directory on the ESA website and I can hardly contain my excitement for this European launch .
I mean , who would have thought that the slow motion animation of a planetary mission like GOCE could carry off the slow , iconic motion of a classic science fiction warship , passing through the wide - angle view of the camera lens ( like this one .
And this one , and this one ! ) .
I suppose it helps when the ESA graphic artists are being paid overtime to produce media as good as this ( or this .
Or this ! ) .
The biggest attraction for me is that GOCE uses its solar panels on one side of its bodywork ( the Sun facing side , obviously ) .
Often , satellites have their delicate solar arrays awkwardly sticking out ( even the Space Station suffers from this affliction ) , centring around the middle bundle of randomly attached boxes and probes .
But not GOCE .
Its instrumentation is hidden along the axis of the main body of the ship , with solar cells implanted to its outer surface like chain mail armour .
The main reason for this sleek , bullet - like look is to reduce the atmospheric drag it will experience in low Earth orbit ( at 260 km ) .
To further prevent atmospheric drag causing a problem , GOCE will sport some low - power ion thrusters to keep it out of harms way .
So let ’s look forward to when this awesome mission launches on board a Russian Rockot from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome in Northern Russia , 800 km north of Moscow at 14:21 UTC , September 10th .
I ’m almost as excited as when NASA released the Phoenix video entitled “ 7 - minutes of terror ” before it descended through the Mars atmosphere …
In brief :
Made by ?
An industrial consortium of 45 companies distributed over 13 European countries .
Why ?
To map Earth ’s gravity field in unprecedented detail .
Altitude ?
Low Earth orbit , 260 km .
Weight ?
1100 kg ( 1.1 tonnes ) .
Cross-sectional area ?
1m2 to reduce atmospheric drag .
Length ? 5 metres .
Thrust ?
Low power ion engines .
Source : ESA press release
Inspiration : Digg
This blog is mainly about the spectacular train wreck at The Sacramento Bee and its parent company , the McClatchy Company .
But I also post about current events , the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , politics , anything else that grabs my attention .
Take a look around this blog , hope you enjoy it .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Female chimps keep quiet during sex to keep other females from finding out and punishing them for mating with the best males , British researchers said on Wednesday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
The study of chimp copulation calls also found that females seem more concerned with having sex with as many mates as possible rather than just finding the strongest male as a way to confuse paternity and secure future protection for offspring .
“ They are trying to make the high - ranking males think they are the father , ” said Simon Townsend , an evolutionary psychologist at the University of St. Andrews in Britain , who led the study .
“ If you confuse paternity , they are more likely to provide that female with future support . ”
The findings show that chimps -- our closest living relatives -- can use their calls flexibly in response to social factors while knowing more about the apes could help in conservation efforts , he added .
Researchers have long been interested in mating calls of different animals , especially primates .
A common hypothesis is that females use such calls to advertise to prospective males they are ready to mate , which in turn incites competition that leads to the strongest partner and highest quality offspring .
But it appears the female chimps are also a touch more savvy about the opposite sex , according to the findings published in the journal PLoS One .
“ The female chimps we observed in the wild seemed to be much more concerned with having sex with many different males , without other females finding out about it , than causing males to fight over them , ” Townsend said .
The team , which included researchers from the Max Planck Institute in Lepzig , took urine samples from females in a group of about 80 chimps under observation in the Budongo Forest in Uganda able to show when the animals were fertile .
They also recorded the mating behavior and saw that the female chimps called out for sex partners for as many as 12 days during their reproductive cycle , even though they were only fertile for about 4 days of it .
Yet they also only called out about a third of the time when mating , much less than other primates .
Low - ranking females were also more likely to keep quiet during sex , probably to keep female competitors at bay , the researchers said .
“ We think that by being quiet , you are less likely to incite aggression from other females , ” he said in a telephone interview .
Click here to hear a female mating call .
Many of America ’s juvenile jails would be empty if the public schools obeyed federal law and provided disabled children with the special instruction that they need .
Instead , these children are allowed to fall behind .
When they act out , they are often suspended or expelled , which makes them more likely to commit crimes and land in jails where they can count on even less help .
This pattern seems to be repeating itself in Texas , judging from an eye - opening report prepared for the Texas Youth Commission ’s ombudsman .
The report says more than 40 percent of the students in custody have been identified as having disabilities that make them eligible for services and protections under the federal Individuals With Disabilities Education Act .
Children ’s advocates believe the percentage is even higher and that many of the disabled have not been diagnosed .
The Texas system has nearly four times as many students requiring special education services as a typical school and three times as many students with learning disabilities .
In addition , it has nearly 18 times the number of emotionally disturbed students as a typical high school .
These numbers are all the more alarming since the system ’s educational services are generally poor and especially bad when it comes to the disabled .
According to the report , the Texas system is “ basically devoid of what current educational research has consistently identified as ‘ best practices ’ for instruction . ”
There is little or no direct instruction by teachers .
Children are routinely asked to essentially teach themselves through “ self - directed reading ”  even though a substantial percentage have limited reading skills .
The special education staff , such as it is , is poorly trained and woefully under strength .
SEN .
BARACK OBAMA said in an interview the day after his Berlin speech that it “ allowed me to send a message to the American people that the judgments I have made and the judgments I will make are ones that are going to result in them being safer . ”
If that is what the senator thought he was doing , he still has a lot to learn about both foreign policy and the views of the American people .
Although well received in the Tiergarten , the Obama speech actually reveals an even more naive view of the world than we had previously been treated to in the United States .
In addition , although most of the speech was substantively as content - free as his other campaign pronouncements , when substance did slip in , it was truly radical , from an American perspective .
These troubling comments were not widely reported in the generally adulatory media coverage given the speech , but they nonetheless deserve intense scrutiny .
It remains to be seen whether these glimpses into Obama ’s thinking will have any impact on the presidential campaign , but clearly they were not casual remarks .
This speech , intended to generate the enormous publicity it in fact received , reflects his campaign ’s carefully calibrated political thinking .
Accordingly , there should be no evading the implications of his statements .
Consider just the following two examples .
First , urging greater U.S. - European cooperation , Obama said , “ The burdens of global citizenship continue to bind us together . ”
Having earlier proclaimed himself “ a fellow citizen of the world ” with his German hosts , Obama explained that the fall of the Berlin Wall and the reunification of Europe proved “ that there is no challenge too great for a world that stands as one . ”
Advertisement
Perhaps Obama needs a remedial course in Cold War history , but the Berlin Wall most certainly did not come down because “ the world stood as one . ”
The wall fell because of a decades - long , existential struggle against one of the greatest totalitarian ideologies mankind has ever faced .
It was a struggle in which strong and determined U.S. leadership was constantly questioned , both in Europe and by substantial segments of the senator ’s own Democratic Party .
In Germany in the later years of the Cold War , Ostpolitik -- “ eastern politics , ” a policy of rapprochement rather than resistance -- continuously risked a split in the Western alliance and might have allowed communism to survive .
The U.S. president who made the final successful assault on communism , Ronald Reagan , was derided by many in Europe as not very bright , too unilateralist and too provocative .
But there are larger implications to Obama ’s rediscovery of the “ one world ” concept , first announced in the U.S. by Wendell Willkie , the failed Republican 1940 presidential nominee , and subsequently buried by the Cold War ’s realities .
The successes Obama refers to in his speech -- the defeat of Nazism , the Berlin airlift and the collapse of communism -- were all gained by strong alliances defeating determined opponents of freedom , not by “ one-worldism . ”
Although the senator was trying to distinguish himself from perceptions of Bush administration policy within the Atlantic Alliance , he was in fact sketching out a post - alliance policy , perhaps one that would unfold in global organizations such as the United Nations .
This is far - reaching indeed .
Second , Obama used the Berlin Wall metaphor to describe his foreign policy priorities as president : “ The walls between old allies on either side of the Atlantic cannot stand .
The walls between the countries with the most and those with the least cannot stand .
The walls between races and tribes ; natives and immigrants ; Christian and Muslim and Jew cannot stand .
These now are the walls we must tear down . ”
Advertisement
This is a confused , nearly incoherent compilation , to say the least , amalgamating tensions in the Atlantic Alliance with ancient historical conflicts .
One hopes even Obama , inexperienced as he is , does n’t see all these “ walls ” as essentially the same in size and scope .
But beyond the incoherence , there is a deeper problem , namely that “ walls ” exist not simply because of a lack of understanding about who is on the other side but because there are true differences in values and interests that lead to human conflict .
The Berlin Wall itself was not built because of a failure of communication but because of the implacable hostility of communism toward freedom .
The wall was a reflection of that reality , not an unfortunate mistake .
Tearing down the Berlin Wall was possible because one side -- our side -- defeated the other .
Differences in levels of economic development , or the treatment of racial , immigration or religious questions , are not susceptible to the same analysis or solution .
Even more basically , challenges to our very civilization , as the Cold War surely was , are not overcome by naively “ tearing down walls ” with our adversaries .
Throughout the Berlin speech , there were numerous policy pronouncements , all of them hazy and nonspecific , none of them new or different than what Obama has already said during the long American campaign .
But the Berlin framework in which he wrapped these ideas for the first time is truly radical for a prospective American president .
That he picked a foreign audience is perhaps not surprising , because they could be expected to welcome a less - assertive American view of its role in the world , at least at first glance .
Even anti-American Europeans , however , are likely to regret a United States that sees itself as just one more nation in a “ united ” world .
The best we can hope for is that Obama ’s rhetoric was simply that , pandering to the audience before him , as politicians so often do .
We shall see if this rhetoric follows him back to America , either because he continues to use it or because Sen .
John McCain asks voters if this is really what they want from their next president .
A study prepared for the Association of Texas Professional Educators says that schools that pay and train teachers better attract better teachers , according to a report in the
.
Hmm , do we really need another study to tell us teachers go where the funding and support is ?
Not according to Francis Smith , region 3B president of the Texas State Teachers Association and a Cy Fair English teacher .
“ I do n’t know why they keep doing [ studies ] .
It seems it ’s a way of putting off what they need to do .
With our legislature being very right - wing and Republican , public education is not thought of as a priority .
" They keep forgetting that you ca n’t run education like a business .
There ’s a famous phrase , ' kids are not widgets . '
Parents name education as one of the priorities of what we should spend money on , but they have n’t put the pressure on political leaders to do that . ”
Smith agrees that experienced , highly qualified teachers avoid low - paying jobs at problematic school districts .
“ If teachers have their choice they ’re not going to put themselves in a real difficult situation , especially if they do n’t have to be , " she says .
" So , it often happens that your more experienced teachers are not teaching those that are least able to learn , the more experienced teachers move up in the system .
" The students that are least able to learn are usually the ones with the most discipline problems .
They have the most [ undiagnosed ] learning disabilities , ” says Smith .
“ Those kids are hard to reach and oftentimes you do n’t have the tools , you do n’t have small classes .
And with those type of students , you ’ve got to have small classes .
You ’ve got to have lots of materials to be able reach the students . ”
So can teacher bonuses be used as a way to attract experienced teachers ?
Not at the current average of $ 1,000 to $ 3,000 says Smith .
“ I do n’t know that money alone will fix anything , but it will certainly soften the situation , ” she says .
“ $ 1,000 is not going to do much .
Even $ 3,000 , which is considered a big raise for teachers , when you divide that over the year ’s paychecks , it ’s not much . ”
-- Olivia Flores Alvarez
“ Russians treasured the fact they had a monopoly on oil and gas pipelines from Central Asia , as it gave them considerable clout , ” said Marshall I. Goldman , a senior scholar for Russian studies at Harvard and the recent author of “ Petrostate : Putin , Power , and the New Russia . ”
“ By agreeing to having an oil pipeline , Georgia made itself more vulnerable . ”
A big concern for the future is what will happen to oil from Kashagan , the giant oil field in the Caspian Sea that holds over 10 billion barrels of reserves .
Located off Kazakhstan , Kashagan is the most ambitious attempt to date by Western companies to develop new supplies in the Caspian .
It will be at least five years before oil starts flowing from there , but the operating consortium , which includes Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips , plans to transport some of Kashagan ’s oil through the BTC pipeline .
That would involve building a new pipeline under the Caspian to connect to BTC .
Russia has opposed similar plans in the past .
Image The BTC pipeline was designed to avoid Russian interference .
Credit ... Marco Longari / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
The Baku - Tbilisi - Ceyhan pipeline , 1,100 miles long , transports 850,000 barrels a day of oil , or one percent of global supplies , from Azerbaijan through Georgia and Turkey , ending at the port of Ceyhan on the Mediterranean .
Much of the oil is bound for Europe and the United States .
The oil comes from several fields in Azerbaijan , offshore in the Caspian .
The line , which cost $ 4 billion to build , also carries some oil from Tengiz that is barged across the Caspian .
Before the BTC pipeline was built , the West struggled to find routes that would avoid what Western leaders considered to be potential trouble spots , but it was difficult .
The United States did not want the line to pass through Iran , for instance .
In the end , the United States government , BP , which operates the pipeline , and other private investors decided the line should proceed on its current route .
That gave a boost to newly independent counties and to Turkey , an ally , but it also sent the line through three nations struggling with separatists .
woman almost gets blown up by EOD in Iraq
Strategists for both John McCain and Barack Obama are chewing over a hypothetical scenario wherein Barack Obama recieves millions more votes than John McCain , but , because of the distribution of votes in the electoral college , McCain would become the president .
Shades of 2000 , of course .
The momentum to abolish the electoral college has abated in mainstream debates , and the Democratic Party , not wanting to look like sore - winner - losers , never took up the cause even though Al Gore received more votes than George W. Bush .
One Republican who has advised the McCain campaign thinks the country " can stand that sort of thing once every 100 years , but not twice in 8 years — especially with the Republicans winning every time . "
Here 's the thought experiment that gives rise to the scenario .
As my colleague Ron Brownstein has pointed out , of the 29 states that President Bush won twice , Sen .
Kerry received less than 43 % of the vote in 21 of them .
In 2008 , Democrats are outregistering Republicans .
Their level of enthusiasm is much greater and probably will remain so through the election .
Many more people identify as Democrats in 2008 ; in major deep blue states , Barack Obama will , if current trends hold , shatter turnout records .
John McCain will win a state like Mississippi , but it will certainly be by a much narrower margin that George W. Bush held over John Kerry .
Think of a state like Georgia , where Obma will turn out potentially a 100,000 more black voters than John Kerry , or a state like Indiana , where Kerry recieved only four out of every ten votes .
By the same token , it is hard to imagine , although not impossible to conceive , that John McCain would be able to narrow President Bush 's margins in many of the red Republican states .
The Obama campaign will have the resources to narrow the gap in Texas by , say , 800,000 votes , and the McCain campaign and the Republican National Committee will be hard pressed to devote resources to a state they know they 're going to win .
So what happens if this scenario comes true ?
Well , Obama would be in the position of arguing that the popular vote matters more than the electoral vote ( and would be wholly justified in doing so ) , even though the constitution clearly disagrees .
The repetition of the problem and the magnitude of Obama 's victory would surely throw out the status quo ; courts would uphold the constitution and give John McCain a victory , but the public would most likely not stand down as they did in 2000 .
It is perfectly within the realm of possibility that John McCain responds very differently than President Bush would have ; after all , McCain has a history of working at times against self - interest and , out of a sense of honor , he is more sensitive than most politicians to the application of moral judgments in public life .
In any event , can the two - party system sustain another disparity ?
Will the grand feature of our democracy -- not its fairness but its ability to perpetuate itself without violence -- withstand the pressure ?
Enter Bill Nelson , the Senator from Florida , who today proposed new legislation to abolish the electoral college .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The next gadget in my sights is actually a point - and - shoot camera .
But why the downgrade from the DSLR ?
Nope , I 'm not looking for a DSLR replacement - rather a complement .
There are just some situations where a DSLR does n't make sense and I 've come to learn that in the last year .
Enter the upcoming Sony Cyber - shot DSC - T700 .
A point - and - shoot digital camera that is actually gawk - worthy .
At a retail price of 399 it's almost within entry - level DSLR territory but its price brings some impressive features .
For example , it 's only 5/8 - inch thick .
It has 4GB of internal memory , a 3.5 - inch touch screen , 10.1 MP of resolution and image stabilization to help out with picture quality .
The feature I 'm really looking forward to is the integrated photo album software .
This is exactly how I use my iPhone .
I have over 1,800 photos on my iPhone , all which have been taken with the iPhone .
It has come in extremely handy in social situations .
Exhibit A :
Jake : Yeah man I saw a Nissan GT - R in the wild today !
Me : Nice !
I saw one at display at the Detroit Auto
Show this year during press week and have some shots of the interior [ flip through photos on iPhone ] .
Jake : Man , I need to get an iPhone .
Me : Yeah you do .
Exhibit B :
Courtney : So how was your camping trip ?
Me : Let me show you .. [ flipping through photos ]
Courtney :
Is that a raccoon ?
Me : Not just any raccoon , the one that tried to bite me .
Courtney : Maybe it would n't have tried to bite you if you did n't waste time taking a picture of it .
Me : Touché .
The problem with relying on my iPhone for this utility is that it was n't built for this .
At 1,800 + photos , the image database is large and even opening the photos app takes a good wait .
I 'd happily let the T700 take care of this task for me .
As for space concerns , the T700's album software lets you downsize original photos and retain smaller versions just for the purpose of keeping and displaying on the camera .
Last but not least , the T700's improved " smile shutter " technology detects faces and furthermore , smiles , and snaps a photo when everyone is smiling .
The related feature " anti- blink " takes two photos and compares them , saving the one where the subject is not blinking .
Impressive .
Why is it that only consumer - aimed point - and - shoot cameras get these type of features ?
I suppose it has something to do with the fact that DSLR prosumers tend to know enough about tweaking their camera manually that they probably would n't use such features .
What 's your point - and - shoot camera of choice ?
I envision the T700 being a take anywhere type of camera for me , similar to my MacBook Air .
Of course , that assumes I can find 400 to pick up the DSC - T700 , which can be pre-ordered starting August 29th .
" Teach them well and LET them lead the way ,
Show them all the
they possess insiiiiide …
Thanks to Mary B. for pointing this one out over on
.
[ juvenile delinquency ]
Because every four - year - old is searching for a hero , that ’s why .
And if that hero can bus ’ a cap with his 9 mil ( check the photo ) , so much the better .
Play on , Lil’ Derrick : play on .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday August 9 2008
Some confusion has arisen over our account of Neanderthals , which said at one point that they are thought to have died out 30,000 years ago , but at another that this happened 40,000 years ago .
Our correspondent 's best judgment now is that they disappeared somewhere between these two dates .
As to their height , which has also been disputed , that seems usually to have been between 5ft 4in and 5ft 7in .
Strands of DNA recovered from the fossilised leg bone of a Neanderthal have shed light on the fragility of the ancient population and pinpointed when they first split from what were to become modern humans .
The 38,000 - year - old bone was unearthed in a cave in Vindija in Croatia , and has since become part of a landmark project to read the entire genetic sequence of an ancient human ancestor , a feat scientists believe will help reveal how modern humans evolved into the world 's dominant species .
Researchers at the Max - Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , read the complete sequence of DNA held in tiny biological powerhouses called mitochondria , which provide energy for cells .
The mitochondria are only passed down the female line , so can be used to trace the species back to an ancestral " Eve " , the mother of all Neanderthals .
The team analysed the DNA of 13 genes from the Neanderthal mitochondria and found they were distinctly different to modern humans , suggesting Neanderthals never , or rarely , interbred with early humans .
The genetic material shows that a Neanderthal " Eve " lived around 660,000 years ago , when the species last shared a common ancestor with humans .
Further tests on the DNA revealed surprisingly few evolutionary changes , which suggests that the Neanderthals may only ever have existed in relatively small numbers , with less than 10,000 alive at any one time .
" This has implications for our picture of Neanderthals and perhaps the reasons for their extinction .
If the population was teetering on the brink for hundreds of thousands of years , it maybe changes our impression of what it would have taken to make them go extinct rather than if there were millions of them , " said Adrian Briggs , a molecular biologist who co-authored a report on the work in the journal Cell .
Theories of what drove the Neanderthals to extinction range from an inability to adapt to a quickly changing environment , to genocide by early humans .
The species is though to have died out in Europe around 30,000 years ago , shortly after the arrival of early humans .
Neanderthals were short and stocky and well adapted to a cold climate .
The tallest male , found in a cave in France , was only 5ft 5in ( 1.71 m ) .
Despite having barrel chests , strong ridges above their eyes and a lack of chins , their brains were on average larger than those of modern humans .
Some fossil evidence suggests that they were occasional cannibals , though more commonly hunted large animals including horses and mammoths .
Remains of Neanderthals dating back 400,000 years suggest they crafted tools and weapons and buried their dead .
The last Neanderthals died out nearly 40,000 years ago , as Homo sapiens migrated to , and eventually settled throughout , Europe .
The Leipzig team has read 4 % of the Neanderthal 's entire genetic code and hopes to complete the full sequence by the end of the year .
Comparing the Neanderthal genome with the human genetic sequence should highlight subtle genetic differences , such as genes for improved brain capacity and other traits that underpin what it means to be human .
The following video is :
One of kind music recording
Rare and precious music artifact
Must see to believe
Evidence of human intelligence
Example of someone with Parkinson ’s disease or really nervous
Short enough video to where you will want to replay again
Example of how to express regret .
by Jack Penland | August 27th , 2008 | Published in All , Animals & Life Science , Environment
Research is showing carbon dioxide is not only causing global warming , it ’s also causing sea water to become more acidic .
As this ScienCentral video explains , the question of what this means for sea life is becoming a hot topic for everyone from scientists to filmmakers .
| Stumble | Share on Facebook | Tweet This |
[ If you can not see the flash video below , you can click here for a high quality mp4 video . ]
Interviewees : Howard Hall , Underwater Filmmaker ;
Richard Feely and Cristopher Sabine , NOAA
Produced by Jack Penland — Edited by James Eagan
Copyright © ScienCentral , Inc. , with additional footage courtesy
Milton Love and IMAX Corporation .
Click here for our feature on the IMAX movie “ Under the Sea : 3D . ”
Acid Sea Change
After years of concern over what so - called greenhouse gasses might be doing to warm our atmosphere , researchers studying our oceans are now starting to find that one of those gasses , carbon dioxide , has made the ocean about 30 percent more acidic in the last 200 years .
In addition , that same research is projecting that without major changes , it could become a 150 percent increase by the end of this century .
“ This is a larger change in the acidity of the ocean than has been observed through geological time , for at least 20 million years , ” says Richard Feely , supervisory oceanographer at the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration ’s Pacific Marine Environmental Laboratory . ”
He adds , “ We ’re changing the acidity of the oceans faster than the organisms have ever experienced . ”
Beyond that , research recently published is describing a phenomenon where the ocean is working to make waters in some coastal areas that are important to fishing even more acidic than elsewhere in the ocean .
Feely and fellow NOAA oceanographer Christopher Sabine started measuring carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) in the ocean starting in the 1990s .
Sabine says , “ We had approached all of this ( research ) with the idea that the oceans are performing a service for mankind . ”
They thought the ocean taking up carbon dioxide might be a good thing that could dampen the impact of global warming .
Their research has shown that since the start of the Industrial Revolution , around 1800 , the ocean has taken up 118 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide .
Sabine likens a metric ton to a small car .
He says , “ We put the equivalent of 118 billion VW bugs worth of carbon into the oceans . ”
That ’s about one - third of the CO2 produced by industry .
A major reason they thought the oceans could absorb CO2 without harm was that about 90 percent of the earth ’s carbon is already in the ocean .
So , while 118 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide is a very large amount , the original scientific assumption was that the ocean was big enough to take it .
However , with further research Sabine says they discovered that “ half of all the CO2 that ’s accumulated in the oceans has actually remained in the upper 400 meters ( the upper 1300 feet ) , those upper layers of the ocean . ”
And that , says Sabine , is “ where ( nearly ) all the organisms live . ”
Rising Levels
Their latest research has added yet another dimension and potentially more issues for those who fish along the west coast of North America .
They ’ve found that naturally acidic deep ocean water is coming up to the surface in some areas , especially along the Continental Shelf .
That ’s making the water there even more acidic than elsewhere ; a double whammy of sorts .
The water is coming up through a process called “ upwelling . ”
In their research they found that in the summer , the winds shift and pull surface water away from shore .
The deeper water rises up to replace the surface water .
Says Sabine , “ What we found was we were getting levels of acidification up onto the shelf in these upwelling regions that were much more dramatic than we expected to see . ”
The change is not uniform as their measurements showed the most acidic seawater to be near the California - Oregon border .
The lower portions of the sea have much more carbon dioxide .
That ’s the result of thousands of years worth of plant and animal matter falling to the lower depths of the ocean and decaying , where bacteria act upon it .
According to Feely , “ Eventually it ends up back as CO2 . ”
As a result that water is naturally more acidic than the water at the top .
Ecological Impact
The impact of the increase in acidity on sea life is now being studied .
Feely notes that lab studies on some shelled marine snails called pteropods showed that their shells would start to dissolve within 48 hours after being placed into the water with acid levels near that of what is expected to be found at the turn of the century .
He says , “ There ’s a real question of whether or not they can continue to survive . ”
Feely says these pterapods are “ the primary food source for the first year class of salmon and herring and mackerel and many of the pollock , many of the fish that we depend on for food . ”
He doubts these fish would survive that first year without having pterapods to eat .
Another area of concern , says Feely , is the impact of this water on coral reefs , which serve as home for many fish , at least during some periods of their lives .
So , while it ’s a comparably new area of study and concern for scientists , this change in ocean acidity is an issue that will need more study in the future .
This research was published in the journal Science for July 13 , 2008 and was supported by grants from the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) .
Leave a Response
| Stumble | Share on Facebook | Tweet This |
Craze Rising for the Dedicated Servers
The companies around the world now prefer to use the hosting web dedicated server WordPress free for a number of causes .
The first of these various types of reasons is , of course , the high proficiency of the server to attract the eye of the ongoing traffic on the internet .
But for having a proper understanding the other causes one has to realize the current situation in the online market .
The scenario in the online market was not so much admired even twenty years ago .
The companies were very at ease with the offline market as they used to have an optimal level of revenue from there .
They were quite satisfied with their names used in the online websites only .
That was all for them .
But then they began to feel that they would not be able to have so much profit from the offline market now , as there are brand new companies who are coming the market and taking over the offline market with their cheaper products .
So the competition in the offline market eventually turned out to be quite high .
The companies are barely getting any scope for large profits earning .
This is dragging them into the other paths for business .
On the other hand , the online market has become more developed and appropriate for doing business as the number of online customers there is mounting up .
So the companies are coming here quickly and purchasing the hosting web dedicated server WordPress free services .
These services are the best for the trades of the companies as they draw the attention of the online customers .
The companies , as a result , get better customer percentage .
At the same time , the online viewers face no difficulty in checking the business websites .
This is a large opportunity for the companies where the can make straight contact with the clientele .
The companies , however , make inquiries properly before making the purchase .
So far the hosting web dedicated server WordPress free is concerned ; the companies leave all the matters of the server control and many other responsibilities in the hands of the service provider agencies .
So far the servers are concerned , they can make such initiatives as these service providers provide all the supports regarding the server controlling .
It has occurred now that the companies have lost their space as well as logistic supports for handling a large sum of experts to run the websites as well as the servers .
So they leave the server and website controlling in the hands of the server service providers .
Even then , if the companies observe any sort of problem in the servers , they can inform the customer care service .
They are the ones who immediately take care of the matters and take the necessary steps .
The companies , on the other hand , carry on with their business plans .
If they think to make any sort of business plans executed in the website , then they contact the hosting web dedicated server WordPress free service providers and ask for the best way to make that happen .
In this way , in every bit of progress , these service providers do a great deal of help .
This is why hosting web dedicated server WordPress free is availed by most of the companies .
When our PC goes on strike again we tend to curse it as if it was a human .
The question of why and under what circumstances we attribute human - like properties to machines and how such processes manifest on a cortical level was investigated in a project led by Dr. Sören Krach and Prof .
Tilo Kircher from the RWTH Aachen University ( Clinic for Psychiatry and Psychotherapy ) in cooperation with the Department of " Social Robotics " ( Bielefeld University ) and the Neuroimage Nord ( Hamburg ) .
Almost daily , new accomplishments in the field of human robotics are presented in the media .
Constructions of increasingly elaborate and versatile humanoid robots are reported and thus human - robot interactions accumulate in daily life .
However , the question of how humans perceive these " machines " and attribute capabilities and " mental qualities " to them remains largely undiscovered .
In the fMRI study , reported in PLoS ONE , Krach and colleagues investigated how the increase of human - likeness of interaction partners modulates the participants ' brain activity .
In this study , participants were playing an easy computer game ( the prisoners ' dilemma game ) against four different game partners : a regular computer notebook , a functionally designed Lego - robot , the anthropomorphic robot BARTHOC Jr. and a human .
All game partners played an absolutely similar sequence , which was not , however , revealed to the participants .
The results clearly demonstrated that neural activity in the medial prefrontal cortex as well as in the right temporo - parietal junction linearly increased with the degree of " human- likeness " of interaction partners , i.e. the more the respective game partners exhibited human - like features , the more the participants engaged cortical regions associated with mental state attribution / mentalizing .
Further , in a debriefing questionnaire , participants stated having increasingly enjoyed the interactions most when their respective interaction partners displayed the most human features and accordingly evaluated their opponents as being more intelligent .
This study is the first ever to investigate the neuronal basics of direct human - robot interaction on a higher cognitive level such as mentalizing .
Thus , the researchers expect the results of the study to impact long - lasting psychological and philosophical debates regarding human - machine interactions and especially the question of what causes humans to be perceived as human .
Obama Youth Nicotine Dependency Lessons Unacceptable
Hooked on nicotine gum for at least 13 months , Senator Obama is unwittingly leading America 's youth to believe that he is not battling full - blown chemical addiction but simply some nasty little habit which he suggests he already has under control .
by John R. Polito March 6 , 2008
During his bid for President , has Senator Barack Obama ever spoken to a crowd without nicotine in his pocket , bloodstream and brain ?
Is it his destiny to spend the balance of life residing within an addict 's realm of fear and denial , a place where the chemically enslaved mind leaves you totally yet falsely convinced that nicotine gives you your edge , helps you cope and that life without it would be horrible ?
With conservative commentators lying in wait , including Tucker Carlson , is the Senator playing into their hand ?
Will he continue to fail to arrest his dependency ?
Will that next fix remain more important than becoming President of the United States ?
It 's what true drug addiction is all about , about quickly burying all remaining memory of the beauty of the real you .
It 's about the limbic mind being fooled into equating use of an external chemical to a species survival event such as eating .
As with eating , Senator Obama 's enslaved brain rewards him with powerful dopamine " aaah " sensations upon nicotine 's arrival , while punishing him with insula driven urges , craves and anxieties when he waits too long between feedings .
Senator Obama 's February 6 , 2007 announcement that he was quitting smoking seemed the perfect opportunity to elevate to the national stage , and possibly even Presidential debates , the plight of the one billion who the World Health Organization predicts will lose their lives to nicotine addiction this century .
Even more so due to the Senator 's extensive legislative history in having battled to diminish tobacco 's annual death toll .
But as a cessation educator , to me , the Senator 's quitting announcement arrived with rather glaring defects .
There was no mention of desire , of doing this for himself .
Instead he revealed that he was quitting for his wife Michelle , that as a condition to running for President he had promised her he'd quit smoking .
It is a core tenet of chemical dependency recovery that you cannot quit for others , that " coming home " must be your gift to you .
Quitting for others fosters a natural sense of feeling deprived , a self deprivation that gradually eats away at any personal quitting dreams and desires , and is a recipe for relapse .
I just completed presenting 63 nicotine cessation seminars in 28 S.C. prisons .
Each opened with a slide sharing a horrible 2002 study finding that reflected my primary reason for wanting to be standing there .
It read , " 97 % of inmates forced to stop using tobacco while in prison , relapse to using it within 6 months of release . "
How will Senator Obama react once the campaign is over ?
Also of concern was his revelation that he was using nicotine gum .
It " works well , " he said .
My follow - up question would have been , works well for what , Senator ?
Relying upon junk and sham science , during the past 24 years the FDA has partnered with the pharmaceutical industry in re-labeling a highly potent natural insecticide " medicine " ( see Black Leaf 40 ) , while terming its use " therapy . "
Nicotine is 166 times more lethal than caffeine ( LD50=60 mg vs. 10 grams ) .
Drop for drop it is more deadly than strychnine ( 75 mg ) , diamond back rattlesnake venom ( 100 mg ) , arsenic ( 200 mg ) or cyanide ( 500mg ) .
Recent studies implicate nicotine as playing key roles in tumor promotion and growth , inhibiting apoptosis and chemotherapy effectiveness , vascular lesions , generation of oxygen free radicals , and damage to serotonin , dopamine and auditory and visual attention pathways .
If nicotine toxicology and pharmacology researchers such as Duke Medical University 's Theodore Slotkin , PhD and University of Arkansas Professor Emeritus K.H. Ginzel , M.D. are correct , nicotine is tobacco 's single most destructive chemical .
In ranking disease and death risks posed by various forms of nicotine delivery there is no debate but that smoked nicotine is by far the riskiest of all , with nicotine delivered by oral tobacco a distant second , and replacement nicotine posing the least risk of all .
What we do n't yet have is credible science showing the degree of benefit conferred when a body already damaged by years of smoking trades smoked nicotine for less destructive forms of delivery .
Although we 're seeing an explosion of nicotine science , the risks picture is likely still far from complete , as is understanding of the damage posed by long - term use of pharmaceutical nicotine alone .
What we do know is that so long as the nicotine addict 's dependency remains active that the risk of returning to the delivery device providing the biggest and fastest dopamine bang remains real and significant .
Turning to Senator Obama 's repeated statements that nicotine gum " works well , how effective are over - the - counter nicotine replacement therapy ( OTC NRT ) products such as the nicotine gum and patch ?
During 2003 , two of GlaxoSmithKline 's most productive study consultants ( GSK was then the seller of Nicorette gum and a line of nicotine patches ) co-authored two key OTC NRT studies , which when placed side - by - side generate more questions than answers .
Their March 2003 study combined and averaged seven U.S. over - the - counter nicotine patch and gum studies and found that just 7 % of users were still not smoking at six months , a 93 % failure rate .
Their November 2003 " persistent use " study found that nearly 7 % of nicotine gum quitters were still chewing nicotine gum at six months , and that overall 37 % of nicotine gum users were , as the NY Times put it , " hooked on the cure . "
According to the Chicago Tribune , during Obama 's February 6 , 2007 quitting announcement he stated that " I 've never been a heavy smoker . "
" I 've quit periodically over the last several years .
I 've got an ironclad demand from my wife that in the stresses of the campaign I do n't succumb .
I 've been chewing Nicorette strenuously . "
The Senator is also quoted as saying , " I 've never been a heavy smoker and do n't smoke in front of folks or in the house . "
" It 's one of those habits you can quit for a while and then you start back up . "
As if just a little bit pregnant , Senator Obama 's dependent and rationalizing mind seized upon a nicotine patch question as an additional opportunity to further minimize his condition .
" I 'm not somebody who 's all that hooked . "
" I did n't want more nicotine coming to me than I had been ingesting . "
But I was somewhat comforted by a story the next day in the St. Petersburg Times .
It quoted my mentor since January 2000 , Joel Spitzer , openly advising Senator Obama on quitting .
My comfort flowed from the fact that , by fate or coincidence , both Obama and Spitzer lived in the Chicago area and that surely they 'd get together .
Spitzer truly is an American hero , the Henry Aaron of quitting .
Having been a full - time nicotine cessation counselor since 1976 , it is likely he has logged more clinic , seminar and online counseling hours than any human ever .
I 've studied the lessons of cessation counselors from around the globe and the only work that comes close is the U.K. 's Allen Carr , whom we lost to lung cancer three months prior to Obama announcing quitting .
Spitzer advised Senator Obama to " skip the gum and go cold turkey , " that he was " dealing with a drug addiction " and whether from a cigar , cigarette or Nicorette he 's introducing nicotine back into his system .
Surely the Senator would read and heed Joel 's advice , or so I hoped .
But just in case the Senator or a staffer noticed the article and grew curious , that same day Spitzer laid out a series of relevant lessons at Freedom from Tobacco , a free online quitting forum where , since 2000 , he has served as education director .
Spitzer tied Obama story quotes to forum quitting articles that included such topics as " quitting for others , " stress rationalizations ( including how nicotine induces stress ) , strength rationalizations , his " I 'm not much of a smoker " rationalization , Obama 's life as a closet smoker , and the inspiring lessons Obama now had the opportunity to teach , including an open admission of chemical dependency upon nicotine .
While fully acknowledging that cold turkey is n't the only way to quit , Spitzer shared lessons on why the smoker 's natural quitting instincts are worthy of greater trust than those pushing pharmaceutical cures .
But a March 20 , 2007 AP story contained a comment by Senator Obama that nicotine gum is " working so far . "
It seemed to suggest that Obama either had not seen Spitzer 's lessons or dismissed them .
Still , gum and all , online quitters were pulling for him with some , including me , writing trying to penetrate his protective wall of denial with the message that knowledge and understanding truly is a quitting method .
On April 27 , 2007 the Senator came here , to Charleston , SC and spoke in the Burke High School gym where afterwards I was able to reach out and quickly hand him a copy of Spitzer 's book " Never Take Another Puff , " a PDF electronic book that had recorded more than one million downloads in 24 months .
Although he may have taken the title to heart , I am confident he never made time to read it .
Then the bad news started arriving .
Senator Obama 's still captive and rationalizing mind decided to start implying that his battle with quitting was over , that he'd won , that all that remained was mop-up .
A June 12 , 2007 encounter at a California rally is documented by both a USA Today story and YouTube video .
It shows the Senator being asked how he was able to quit smoking .
His reply , " Nicorette .
You want one ? "
Obama then reached into his left pocket , pulled out three pieces of nicotine gum , tore one off and tossed it to the man , saying , " " Here , try one out . "
" Now that 's two milligrams because I only had , like , three or four a day ... when I was smoking but if you 're a heavier smoker you may need the four milligrams .
It 's not bad , though .
It works well . "
In regard to YouTube videos , another video suggests that Senator Obama may have ingested nicotine in a Senate conference room on September 11 , 2007 , either before or after addressing Ambassador Crocker and General Petraeus .
On February 10 , 2008 , Obama announced he had kept his promise to Michelle .
" You know , it 's been tough , but that Nicorette has worked out , " " You 're supposed to have phased out on that stuff - I have n't completely , I 'm still chewing . "
It had now been a year .
The Senator had been on nicotine gum four times longer than the twelve - week use period approved by the FDA .
Senator Obama was again asked about the patch .
" The patch , I was a little more worried about , " he said .
" The truth is that ... this was a nasty habit , but it was n't a heavy one .
So I did n't get the shakes or anything like that . "
On February 28 , 2008 , during airing of " The Ellen DeGeneres Show , " the Senator stated " I 've been chewing on this Nicorette , which tastes like you 're chewing on ground pepper - but it does help . "
He again discussed how Michelle had used his smoking as leverage when discussing whether to run for president and that she would agree only if Obama agreed to stop smoking .
" I had been sneaking three cigarettes , four cigarettes a day for a while , and she said if you 're going to do this you 've got to stop - precisely because the stress was going to increase , and it'll just get worse , " he said .
" So that 's an example of my wife making me a better man once again . "
It 's unfair to blame the Senator or the 40 million Americans who became hooked during youth for society 's failure to warn them about the power of this captivating chemical .
Unlike Canada , there is no U.S. addiction warning label .
Today , sadly , nearly every elected leader in our nation remains silent as an ocean of nicotine industry signs posted on , in and around neighborhood candy , chip and soda stores daily assault immature and curious minds with the message that they have not yet lived , experienced true pleasure , stirred their senses , been true or tasted real flavor until they 've smoke cigarettes .
To his credit , it 's reported that just this week Senator Obama joined nine other Senators in calling upon President Bush to send the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control treaty to the United States Senate for ratification .
The treaty has already been ratified by 152 other nations .
If within a signing nation 's constitution or constitutional principles , it calls for a " comprehensive ban of all tobacco advertising " ( see Article 13 ) .
But local leaders should n't be waiting for some treaty to protect their community 's youth .
They should be falling all over each other to save them .
Instead , their collective silence during 2008 will allow 140,655 U.S. convenience stores to play key marketing roles in enslaving the brains of more than a half - a- million young , undefended and curious minds .
It is clearly not Senator Obama 's intent to teach America 's youth that he is " a better man " by remaining nicotine 's slave and having more than 200 of his body 's natural chemicals flow in response to nicotine 's arrival .
But if we are to defend their neuro - chemical freedom it is a lesson that needs correcting .
Another that must not go unchallenged is the Senator 's assertion that all he is dealing with is a " nasty habit , " that he is n't " all that hooked " ( while " strenuously " chewing ) .
Senator , with all due respect , ask yourself , what is a child or teen 's definition of the word " habit " and how long does it take to form one ?
In their minds , is it likely akin to what happens when you use cuss words too often , or when mom yells at a driver for not using turn signals , or maybe seeing other youth talk back to adults ?
In their minds , does it hurt to stop using bad language , to develop better driving habits or treat adults with respect ?
In their mind does ending a " habit " produce a rising tide of urges , anxieties and craves , an emotional train wreck that may not peak for up to 72 hours , that 's often accompanied by anger , fear , depression , bargaining , irritability , impatience , restlessness , time distortion and an inability to concentrate ?
How many pieces of 2mg Nicorette gum can the average teenager chew before chewing becomes mandatory ?
Do you know ?
Once they start experimenting with nicotine , how many will get curious and try smoking it ?
Senator , you are a trusted role model to millions of American youth and have before you a rich opportunity to teach the most critical nicotine dependency lesson their ears will likely ever hear .
As a former 30 - year slave myself , I beg you to employ the same openness and honesty that 's electrified a nation in teaching a deeply personal lesson of national importance .
We are where we find ourselves , and truth can set us free .
In fact , admitting true chemical addiction has two immediate benefits .
First , it makes the quitting rules simple .
There is no having our cake and eating it to , no in - between .
There was always only one rule ... no nicotine today .
Second , admitting where we find ourselves ends the need for the scores of lies we each invented to explain that next mandatory feeding .
Is it normal to smoke or chew a stimulant before climbing into bed ?
Why not share what it 's like to live as slave to a powerful central nervous system stimulant that makes the heart pound 20 beats per minute faster ?
Why not get them thinking about never again knowing what it feels like to totally relax for an entire day .
Is it normal to steal a dopamine " aaah " reward sensation prior to focusing upon such sobering matters as war and death ?
Teach them about nicotine 's two - hour blood - serum half - life , about how it mandates that next feeding , about life as a closet nicotine addict , about the honest reality of needing to locate a place to hide , so that administering that next nicotine fix remains private ?
What would it be like to be " you " again , to have brain serotonin levels responding to life not nicotine , to eat normally again and not have nicotine pumping stored fats and sugars into your bloodstream via fight or flight pathways , to go entire days without once thinking about wanting to ingest nicotine ?
It is n't too late , Senator , not for you or this nation 's youth .
But time is short .
Clearly , you 've had no choice but to rationalize where you find yourself but please correct these horrible lessons and set the record straight .
What learning takes place by chewing gum , slapping on a patch or swallowing a pill ?
Knowledge and understanding truly is a quitting method , Senator .
I encourage you to master both why that next fix seems so important and the path home to " you . "
Baby steps , just one hour , challenge and day at a time .
There was always only one rule ... no nicotine today .
Yes you can !
No Copyright - This Article is Public Domain .
Fox News and CNN images property of Fox and CNN
Additional Articles About
President Obama 's Quitting Efforts
How to Quit Smoking
Our Free E-books
Read both & destroy fear driven anxieties !
Discover Smart Turkey Quitting
WhyQuit.com -
Why Quit is the Internet 's oldest forum devoted to the art , science and psychology of cold turkey quitting , the stop smoking method used by the vast majority of all successful long - term ex-smokers .
- Why Quit is the Internet 's oldest forum devoted to the art , science and psychology of cold turkey quitting , the stop smoking method used by the vast majority of all successful long - term ex-smokers .
Nicotine Addiction
101 - Why Quit 's basic guide to understanding nicotine dependency .
- Why Quit 's basic guide to understanding nicotine dependency .
Nicotine Cessation Topic Index -
An alphabetical subject matter index to more than a thousand nicotine cessation articles , videos and support group discussions .
- An alphabetical subject matter index to more than a thousand nicotine cessation articles , videos and support group discussions .
Joel 's Library - Joel Spitzer began presenting stop smoking clinics and seminars in 1976 .
Joel 's Library is home to his life 's work .
It includes Joel 's " Daily Quitting Lesson Guide , " more than 100 original stop smoking articles , his free ebook " Never Take Another Puff , " and to his ever growing collection of more than 400 stop smoking videos .
- Joel Spitzer began presenting stop smoking clinics and seminars in 1976 .
Joel 's Library is home to his life 's work .
It includes Joel 's " Daily Quitting Lesson Guide , " more than 100 original stop smoking articles , his free ebook " Never Take Another Puff , " and to his ever growing collection of more than 400 stop smoking videos .
" Freedom from Nicotine - The Journey Home " - Written by John R. Polito , a former 30 - year heavy smoker and WhyQuit 's 1999 founder , Freedom from Nicotine shares the science underlying nicotine dependency and successful abrupt nicotine cessation .
- Written by John R. Polito , a former 30 - year heavy smoker and WhyQuit 's 1999 founder , Freedom from Nicotine shares the science underlying nicotine dependency and successful abrupt nicotine cessation .
Turkeyville - Imagine surrounding yourself with more than 10,000 cold turkey quitters .
Turkeyville is a Facebook support group exclusively for cold turkey quitters .
- Imagine surrounding yourself with more than 10,000 cold turkey quitters .
Turkeyville is a Facebook support group exclusively for cold turkey quitters .
Freedom - Freedom was Why Quit 's original 1999 stop smoking support group .
No longer accepting members , its 453,000 archived posts continue to share recovery insights .
Knowledge is a Quitting Method
The word symbiosis generally invokes the notion of two species dependent on one another for their survival , however , peace and harmony is n't necessarily the correct picture in all cases of symbiosis .
In the case of the Slavemaking Ant this is far from the truth .
Slavemaking
Ants are helotistic , meaning they oppress another species of ants into sustaining their colony .
According to the American Heritage Dictionary , helotism is defined as a system under which a nominally free social class or a religious , national , or racial minority is permanently oppressed and degraded .
Ant colonies invaded by slave makers are quickly overcome and forced to support the slavemaking colony .
In some species of Slavemaking Ants , the workers are strictly bred for the purpose of going out and conquering other nests .
This colony cannot survive without slaves as the slavemaking Ants lack the abilities to tend to the queen , raise young and hunt for food .
Experiments have shown that Amazon slavemakers are separated from their slave , they will starve to death even though food is made available to them .
While different types of slavemaking ants may have slightly different tactics , their goal is the same ; get someone else to do the work .
There are two distinct methods that slavemaking ants use to take over a colony .
The first method is to get into the nest , get rid of the queens and replace her with one of their own .
This is done in several different ways .
Most commonly worker slavemaking ants will raid a colony of another species of ant , stealing eggs and bringing them back to their own nest .
A typical colony of 3,000 slave - making ants may have more than 6,000 slaves working for it .
Slave ants gather food , feed their hosts , groom and feed the larvae and queen , and defend the colony against attacks by other insects .
If the colony moves to a new location the slaves carry their masters , one by one , to their new home .
Another method used by slavemaking ants is replacing the queen of the captive colony .
The queen of an established slavemaking colony will produce new queens who leave the colony to develop their own colony .
The young slavemaking queen will wait outside of the colony she is leaving and follow a group of raiding slave makers into her new colony .
As the worker slavemakers raid this colony for eggs , the queen takes advantage of the battle by using it to sneak into the colony .
Once it finds the queen , it kills her and takes her place .
The new queen mimics the old queen by consuming pheromones from her body and releasing them to the attending ants .
This new queen having mated with a slavemaking male earlier begins to produce new slave makers .
Other variations on these hostile takeovers include one South American species whose workers secrete a chemical on a host colony that causes the ants of the host colony to evacuate the nest .
In their haste to leave , pupae will be left behind .
These developing ants are then taken back to the slave maker nest .
Another variation is in a European species that attacks ants that are significantly larger in size .
The queen invades a nest by clinging on the rightful queen and slowly chokes her to death .
Iran lifts death by stoning sentences - but orders 300 lashes and 10 year jail sentences instead
Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei reduced the sentences of four people originally sentenced to death by stoning
Iran has decided to spare the lives of four people sentenced to death by stoning and is carrying out a review of similar cases , the judiciary said yesterday .
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has commuted the stoning sentences for two convicts , but instead each will be given 300 lashes .
Two others will be jailed for ten years .
Defence lawyers last month said at least eight women and one man had been sentenced to stoning in the near future .
The group , ranging in age from 27 to 43 , had convictions for prostitution , incest or adultery .
' The issued verdicts for all of these cases will not be carried out for now , ' judiciary spokesman Alireza Jamshidi said .
' In a few of the cases , the people involved have asked for forgiveness and their request is under review , ' Jamshidi said .
The defence lawyers have urged parliament to remove stoning and other corporal punishments from law books .
The last officially reported stoning in the Islamic Republic was carried out on a man a year ago for sexual offences .
It drew criticism from rights groups , the European Union and a top U.N. official .
Iran 's judiciary chief Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi -Shahroudi ordered a moratorium on stoning in 2002 .
According to Iran 's Islamic penal code , men convicted of adultery should be buried up to their waists and women up to their chests for stoning .
Stones used should not be large enough to kill the person immediately .
Amnesty International earlier this year called on Iran to immediately abolish " this grotesque punishment " and said many of those awaiting execution by stoning were sentenced after grossly unfair trials .
The Iranian authorities routinely dismiss charges of rights abuses , saying they are following sharia , or Islamic law .
Iran responds to Western criticism of its rights record by pointing to what it says are abuses in the West , such as detainees held by the United States in Guantanamo Bay .
Spy Bill Debate Comes to an End
The controversial bill passes 69 - 28 , and provides free pass to phone companies .
July 9 , 2008 -- Some 15 months after the first reports emerged that the Bush administration may have been engaging in a massive , top - secret , warrantless surveillance program , Congress passed a sweeping new law Wednesday that critics say will leave most of the program largely intact .
The revelations about the surveillance program sparked fierce debate on Capitol Hill from Democrats and an all - out attack from civil libertarians .
Lawmakers voted 69 to 28 to pass the bill , which also offers a controversial provision that provides a get - out - of - jail - free pass to telephone companies beset by lawsuits after they provided the government with access to information for the program , which began after the 9/11 terror attacks .
While the program will now become law , most of it's provisions remain secret from the public and most lawmakers , although the administration will now be required to place all international surveillance activity under the authority of a secret court created to consider the so - called FISA cases .
Sen .
Arlen Specter , a Republican who opposes the way the bill gives the phone companies immunity from lawsuits told his colleagues before the vote they were preparing to commit an " historical embarrassment . "
" Everybody knows we do n't know what we 're voting on , " Specter said , pointing out that many lawmakers still have not been fully briefed on the president 's program , for which the phone company immunity is being granted .
" That 's what the members of the Senate are being asked to do today , grant retroactive immunity on a program the senators do n't know what it is , " Specter said , although he opposed the attempt to strip the immunity provision in favor of changing it .
Specter 's amendment also failed .
And so the FISA bill was an " historial embarrassment " that Specter became complicit in when he chose later to vote for the law .
" Faced with two unsatisfactory options , I chose to give law enforcement the extra power to fight terrorism even though I would have preferred a different balance on protecting constitutional rights , " he said in a paper statement after the vote .
President Bush praised the law , calling it a " vital piece of legislation that will make it easier for this administration and future administrations to protect the American people . "
" This vital intelligence bill will allow our national security professionals to quickly and effectively monitor the plans of terrorists outside the United States , while respecting the liberties of the American people , " Bush told reporters in the White House Rose Garden immediately upon his return from the G8 Summit in Japan .
Sen . Kit Bond , the ranking Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee , attempted to assure Americans that the new measure does not encroach on their rights " unless you 've got al Qaeda on speed dial . "
Making the argument to protect civil liberties at the expense of national security proved too difficult for many Democrats .
Sen. Barack Obama , who is the Democrats ' presidential candidate , had pledged earlier this year to support a filibuster of the bill .
But while Obama voted in favor of the doomed amendments to strip the immunity clause , he did not vote in favor of filibustering the bill and supported its final passage .
Congress will be required to reevaluate the law in 2012 .
" It is not all that I would want , " he said in a written statement announcing the change in his position in June .
" But given the legitimate threats we face , providing effective intelligence collection tools with appropriate safeguards is too important to delay .
So I support the compromise , but do so with a firm pledge that as president I will carefully monitor the program , review the report by the inspectors general , and work with the Congress to take any additional steps I deem necessary to protect the lives -- and the liberty -- of the American people . "
A vote on final passage is expected later this afternoon ..
It was mainly Democrats who opposed the bill , and they could muster less than half of the 60 votes they need to block passage when senators voted 72 - 26 to limit debate on the measure .
Attempts by Democrats to strip a provision that provides retroactive immunity to the telecom companies failed 63 - 32 and a plan to delay the immunity provision pending an inspector general report also failed .
Any changes would send the bill back to the House of Representatives , where it passed 293 - 129 late last month .
It was the provision that gave legal immunity to telephone companies that handed over personal information to the government without warrants after 9/11 has sparked fierce debate .
Supporters of the bill , Democrats and Republicans , said it is a fragile compromise and should be passed immediately to help the intelligence community guard against terrorist attacks .
" The bill before us reflects the fact that FISA , as it was created in 1978 , has increasingly become outdated and hindered our nation 's ability to collect intelligence on foreign targets in a timely manner , " said Sen.
Jay Rockefeller , D - W.Va. , who is chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee .
" It is the direct result of changing technologies , advances in telecommunications and the need to evolve and meet today 's threats facing our nation -- namely global terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . "
In a joint letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Attorney General Michael Mukasey and Director of National Intelligence Michael McConnell said that President Bush would veto the bill if any of the amendments were attached to it and argued that the telephone companies needed the immunity to continue cooperating with the government for national security .
" The question before the Senate is really quite simple .
We either pass this delicately balanced , bipartisan bill , which gives our intelligence officials the tools they need to find foreign terrorists overseas , which is a compromise on the bill the Senate already passed and which will also garner a presidential signature , or we scrap it altogether and end up right back where we were a year ago , " said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
This version has been superseded .
Human error resulted in the use of an outdated version for the initial release .
This version did not include all the post - edit changes requested by the authors .
These updates do not affect the meaning or conclusions of the study .
This report is part of the RAND Corporation monograph series .
RAND monographs present major research findings that address the challenges facing the public and private sectors .
All RAND monographs undergo rigorous peer review to ensure high standards for research quality and objectivity .
The RAND Corporation is a nonprofit institution that helps improve policy and decisionmaking through research and analysis .
RAND 's publications do not necessarily reflect the opinions of its research clients and sponsors .
IMPORTANT NOTICE : This Product is No Longer Recommended !
I ’ve found another high quality GREEN DRINK POWDER that is by far the # 1 green juice product available .
It ’s affordable , all natural , and has the highest quality ingredients you can get .
It ’s called “ Organifi ” and it is superior to any other greens powder I ’ve ever seen – Click Here for all of the details and a Special Discount !
===
You can read our original review of Patriot Power Greens below …
If you are like most older Americans you may be looking for natural ways to address health issues like fatigue , pain , cholesterol , blood sugar and other issues that many of us begin to suffer from as we age .
Sure , there are an ever increasing number of pharmaceutical drugs that are available to treat these problems .
However , as you probably know , a lot of these drugs can have very serious , and even life - threatening side - effects that can be worse than whatever condition you are taking them for !
That brings us to something I found out about a few months back called “ Patriot Power Greens “ .
The great thing about Patriot Greens is that it is as natural as you can get ( without actually going to a farmers market and buying 38 organic fruits and vegetables and juicing them yourself ! )
I ’ve done some juicing myself , and the problem is it ’s just too much work to do on a daily basis .
When it comes to disassembling and cleaning the machine and all of that stuff I just do n’t have the time for it .
And while any freshly made green juice is likely going to be good for you , these Power Greens were developed by a Texan doctor named Dr. Lane Sebring M.D. who is one of the most respected experts on anti-aging medicine and holistic anti-aging treatment .
This guy is an US Air Force Veteran , and a true patriot who loves our country .
He first developed Patriot Power Greens for older men and women serving in the armed forces to help them keep up with the “ young bucks ” .
So this is n’t ordinary juice .
This Lane Sebring ’s special “ green drink ” was formulated specifically to give you the most important 38 alkalizing fruits and vegetables your body needs to neutralize acid and chronic inflammation .
The thing I find so fascinating is that this “ inflammation ” is , according to many top doctors , one of the big causes of many age related maladies .
From digestive issues , to weight problems , to everyday aches and pains , there ’s a ton of new research pointing to inflammation as the culprit .
Read more about the research here ( page links to medical studies ) .
What Benefits Can You Expect From Patriot Power Greens ?
As I mentioned one of the most important things that drinking Patriot Power Greens can do for you is to go to work neutralizing the acidity in your system , and in doing so getting inflammation issues under control .
The ability for the ingredients in Power Greens to accomplish this task is well documented .
As far as specifics , I ’m not a doctor and I can’t ( legally ) promise any specific health outcomes .
But , that being said , customers have reported numerous very impressive results from relief from joint pain and hand swelling to better sleep , less aches and pains , more energy , more stamina , clearer thinking , greater mental focus , and much more .
You can read detailed success stories , as well as documentation and disclaimers on the company website .
Ingredients in Patriot Power Greens are also shown to improve skin health and appearance , relief from digestive problems , improved blood pressure and cholesterol , help with weight loss , and improved immune function .
I ’m always a bit skeptical when I hear about any product that can do this many things , but if you look at the research and the science behind this it certainly makes sense .
I think its also important to note that Dr Sebring , as a leading anti-aging expert probably would n’t have gone through the development of this product if he did n’t believe in it ’s ability provide real , verifiable results .
Things To Keep In Mind …
One of the most important things to keep in mind about Patriot Power Greens is that it ’s 100 % organic , meaning that the fruits and vegetables are grown without synthetic pesticides or herbicides .
And even better it ’s all grown right here in the USA !
No Chinese ingredients , no third - world anything .
This is an American product created by a leading anti-aging expert doctor who has put all of his expertise to work creating a pure and powerful product for his fellow countrymen .
The product is gluten - free , soy - free , dairy - free , wheat - free , nut - free , egg - free , fish - free , shellfish - free and basically free of anything that people do n’t want in their supplements .
( See the ingredient list posted below . )
Because there are only 10 calories per serving this is a very diabetic friendly product .
There ’s no added sugar , and no artificial sweeteners either .
It ’s actually sweetened with organic goji berries , acai berries , and apple juice , and I have to say it tastes really good !
Purity - wise its produced in facility that is regulated by the FDA and certified in Good Manufacturing Practices ( GMP ) .
As far as product quality and safety standards go I think that the company “ Patriot Health Alliance ” who makes this are very well respected .
And frankly this is the only greens powder I would even consider consuming .
My Recommendation …
There are very few companies that I trust when it comes to dietary supplements , and Patriot Health Alliance is at the top of my list .
If you are somebody looking to alkalize your body , cool inflammation , and get relief from any one of the many conditions caused by chronic inflammation then I highly recommend you try this out …
2019 EDIT – I ’m now recommending ORGANIFI instead – Click here to learn more and get a Special Discount !
Medical Disclaimer : Statements on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA .
Products mentioned are not intended to treat , diagnose , prevent or cure any disease .
Information on this website are for informational purposes only and are not intended as a substitute for advice from your physician or health care professional .
You should not use the information on this web site for diagnosis or treatment of any health problem .
Always consult with a healthcare professional before starting any new vitamins , supplements , diet , or exercise program , before taking any medication , or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem .
There are a variety of time tracking tools available today .
The first type are the ones targeted at businesses and professionals for tracking amount of time spent on a particular project so they can bill their clients accordingly .
The second variety are for net junkies with a need to track time spent on a particular activity online , say emailing , blogging , micro-blogging , reading RSS feeds , browsing , or just plain social networking .
We searched the Web for the second variety and present below six very helpful tools to track your time spent online that are free and simple to use .
Which one is your favorite ?
Do you use any other time tracking tools ?
Let us know in the comments .
8aWeek
8aWeek is a neat Firefox toolbar that tracks your online browsing habits .
If you feel that your social media participation is becoming excessive and want to restrict yourself , you can get this toolbar , see which sites you spend most of your time on , and set the restriction timings for each .
You can also use the toolbar to save sites that you can check out later .
This time tracking tool does the work automatically so you do n't need to add tasks manually .
That spells a lot of convenience .
Wakoopa
Wakoopa is a desktop application that tracks the time you spend using various applications like your browser , RSS reader , email client , games , and more .
It also doubles up as a social networking site .
Setting up Wakoopa is hassle free and once installed , it runs quietly on your system tray and collects information automatically .
You have an online profile page where you can view your tracked activitiy records , upload your pictures , add contacts and form teams , and write reviews .
There are various widgets you can take advantage of such as ' My top 10 software ' badge , ' My recently used software ' badge , a Facebook application , etc .
You can also view the most used software by Waakoopa users and check out other users ' stats .
Wakoopa also displays interesting items such as ' Software you might like , ' ' People like you , ' ' Reviews of your software , ' and ' New versions of your software ' on your dashboard that you might find useful .
When you go to a particular software 's individual page , you can see the software manufacturer 's details , versions , download url , usage stats by Waakoopa users , popularity chart , and reviews .
Rescue Time
Rescue Time is another feature loaded desktop application for Windows , Mac , and Linux that tracks your activities .
What differentiate this from Waakoopa is that it helps you track not only applications but websites as well .
You can set the number of hours you want to spend in a day on a particular site and Rescue Time will alert you on your email , RSS reader , or by SMS when you run out of time .
You can create groups and compare your online stats with other users .
There are Rescue Time widgets for blogs , iGoogle , and Netvibes .
You can also create a white - list of sites that you want Rescue Time to pay attention to .
TimeTracker
TimeTracker is a simple Firefox addon that tracks the time you spend online browsing by running quietly on your Firefox status bar .
You can see the time tracked by the day , since installation , or since your last reset .
There are idle timeout , filter , and pause features as well .
This addon basically shows your online browser time and does n't go beyond that , meaning you cannot track time spent on an individual site .
However , for those seeking something simple , it might just be fine .
MeeTimer
MeeTimer is another cool Firefox addon like TimeTracker , but it also shows how much time you have spent on each individual website , in addition to showing your overall time spent online .
You can also place site urls into various groups and configure MeeTimer to show you a warning message when you visit a particular group or site .
Online Stopwatch
Online Stopwatch is basically a neat tool that provides a timer and a stopwatch .
The stopwatch creates an alarm bell after the countdown finishes .
You can use Online Stopwatch on its site or as a Google gadget , Live.com gadget , or a Vista sidebar gadget .
While it is as simple as any online timer can get and comes without any usage trends , the beauty is that you can use it in any manner you want , like setting a timer for your online browsing or monitoring how long it takes to draft a blog post .
DETROIT 
The market for sport utility vehicles is starting to look a lot like the housing market , spreading pain to consumers , automakers and dealers .
Even the vocabulary is sadly familiar .
Bloated inventories ?
Days spent on the market ?
Well , in July , General Motors dealers had a 174 - day supply of the Yukon XL / Suburban on hand , on average , up from a 92 - day supply a year earlier .
Inventory of the Chevrolet C/K Suburban nearly doubled over the same period , to 116 days from 63 days .
Just like hapless homeowners , countless car owners are now “ underwater , ” driving vehicles that are worth less than the balance on their car loans .
And just like desperate homeowners , the sellers of S.U.V.’s are having to painfully cut asking prices .
For instance , Michael Kohan , a recent graduate of Hofstra University ’s law school , decided that hundreds of dollars a month filling up his 2006 Land Rover LR3 would be better spent paying down his student loans .
He calculated that his vehicle  loaded with luxuries like a navigation system , xenon lights , parking assist sensors , heated leather seats and three sunroofs  should be worth at least $ 31,000 , according to the Kelley Blue Book .
The boats are carrying 40 activists , 200 hearing aids and 5,000 balloons
Two boats carrying members of a US - based pro-Palestinian group have left Cyprus in an attempt to break Israel 's blockade of the Gaza Strip .
The boats left the Cypriot port of Larnaca on Friday morning .
The journey is expected to take about 30 hours .
The Free Gaza protest group said about 40 activists from 14 countries were on board the boats .
Israel imposed a blockade on Gaza in June 2007 when the militant group Hamas took control of the territory by force .
Since then , Israel has allowed in little more than basic humanitarian aid as a means of isolating Hamas and persuading militant groups to stop firing rockets into Israel .
The closure of Gaza 's borders by the Israeli and Egyptian authorities has also meant that very few Gazans have been able to leave .
' Supporting Hamas ' Before Free Gaza 's boats set sail on Friday , the Israeli foreign ministry warned them to steer clear of the Gazan coastline , which it said was " the subject of an [ Israeli Navy ] advisory notice " that warns off foreign vessels from the " designated maritime zone " .
Truce barely eases Gaza embargo Guide : Gaza under blockade " We assume that your intentions are good but , in fact , the result of your action is that you are supporting the regime of a terrorist organisation in Gaza , " the ministry wrote in an open letter .
The two vessels - named Liberty and Free Gaza - are carrying 200 hearing aids for children and 5,000 balloons .
" No matter what happens we have already achieved our goal by proving that ordinary citizens with ordinary means can mobilise a defence of human rights for Palestinians , " organiser Paul Larudee told the AFP news agency .
" We want people to see the Palestinian problem as one of human rights , not feeding them rice , " he added .
The activists include Lauren Booth , sister - in - law of former British PM Tony Blair , who is now an international Middle East peace envoy .
Also on board is left - wing Greek MP Tasos Kourakis .
Israel withdrew its settlers from Gaza in 2005 , but it still controls its coast , airspace and borders , and , until a ceasefire with Hamas was agreed in June , carried out regular military operations in the territory .
However , correspondents say the truce has not improved the situation for Gaza 's population , except to reduce the number of Israeli incursions and the number of rockets fired by Palestinian militants .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
As you go around looking for an SEO service , you may wonder what is so different from the kind of service that one company is using compared to yours .
There are a number of companies that are able to provide the various available services making use of different tools , philosophies as well as methods so as to be able to optimize the websites of their clients .
Hats is the name that is given to the different approaches that are usually used .
Hats usually come in different types which include :
Black hat services
This service is also known as spamming which may give you an idea of what it is exactly .
This service is mainly concerned about the creation of sites to trick or rather manipulate the available search engines in a way that they are able to give it better rankings .
This kind of service mainly depends highly on automation so as to come up with high numbers of substandard pulls and pages from other available sites which are not relevant .
However , this kind of service is prone to getting search results that are not relevant or poor .
The best thing about using this kind of service is that it is able to increase your rankings when it comes to search engine searches in a short amount of time .
It may however not be a very wise strategy to use especially when it comes to the perspective of web design .
Another very risky thing is that once your site is found to be copying results of other search engines , you may be at risk of being banned or worse crashing on view meaning no one will be able to gain access to your site .
If you want to take this kind of risk and use these services so as to get the top rank , then this kind of services is best suit for you .
White hat services
This kind of service mostly relies on the advantages that are brought about by putting content that is relevant and of high quality .
Also , this kind of service highly relies on good marketing skills and strategies so as to be able to place sites at the very top when it comes to rankings .
Companies which provide this kind of service mainly deal with the content of your site .
This companies or this person are also able to help you come up with content that is able to appeal or attract people .
Content is a very important factor especially when it comes to the building of SEO , therefore , once you have good content for your site , this service is able to get you other relevant links that are inbound for your site .
This kind of service is considered to be one of the very best because it will not put your site into any risks that will end up getting it blacklisted or banned since it does not violate any of the set rules .
Also , the most important advantage it has is that it will be able to connect with your viewers because of the great content .
We see this with one of the top Nashville SEO companies in Tennessee .
Grey hat services
This kind of service is in between the two services that have been mentioned earlier since it deals with both the reward as well as the risks .
There are very many different types of service solutions that go under this type of service .
Some of these services may opt to use some dubious strategies and may also be willing to take greater risks so as to be able to produce good and faster results when it comes to the rankings of various sites .
However , this services follow all the set - out guidelines as well as the set out rules will other strategies that are used by this kind of service may put you at risk .
Before you decide to use this service , it is important that you first find out what it is exactly that you are subjecting your site too .
It is important that before you settle on any of the above services that you first make sure that it is what you really want for your site .
The Iraqi government confirmed on Sunday that it reserves the right to prosecute six security guards of U.S. private security firm Blackwater for their role in killing 17 civilians .
" There is information that six of Blackwater security guards have been accused of murdering 17 Iraqi civilians , and are to be prosecuted in Washington , " Ali al - Dabbagh , the spokesman of the Iraqi government told reporters .
" The Iraqi government confirm that Blackwater security company has committed a crime against the victims and it ( government ) reserves the right to prosecute them , " Dabbagh said in a news conference in Baghdad .
The six guards were working as security contractors for the Blackwater and were assigned to protect a U.S. diplomatic convoy through the Iraqi capital on Sept. 16 .
The shooting occurred as the convoy arrived at a busy square in central Baghdad and guards tried to stop traffic .
An Iraqi government investigation concluded that the security contractors fired without provocation .
Blackwater has said its personnel acted in self - defense .
The foreign security firms working in Iraq are neither subject to the Iraqi law nor governed by U.S. military courts , a situation that giving them the chance to operate with impunity .
Dabbagh stressed that his government would not allow the companies ' guards to work with impunity .
" The government would not allow any security firm to have immunity in Iraq , " he said .
The firms ' immunity , among other issues , was one of the sticking points in the ongoing negotiations over security deal between Iraq and the United States .
Dabbagh also said that talks between the two sides over the security deal that would decide the level of U.S. troops to stay in Iraq , is continuing .
" The talks is underway and the two sides achieved substantial progress , but there is still some points that need more clarification from political authorities on both sides , " Dabbagh said .
Source : Xinhua
Three years in development later , and EA has finally announced that Warhammer Online : Age of Reckoning will launch worldwide on September 18th .
Says Mythic Entertainment founder Mark Jackobs :
The countdown has officially begun .
Mark your calendars !
September 18th is the Day of Reckoning .
For the last three years , the entire team at Mythic has poured their hearts into making Warhammer Online the next great MMORPG .
We are so excited to open up this world and share it with the fans that will live in it , quest in it , go to war in it and make it come alive .
Advertisement
The game will launch its North American , European and Oceanic servers simultaneously , a MMORPG first .
Subscription options include : US $ 14.99 for a month subscription , $ 41.97 for a three - month subscription and $ 77.94 for a six - month subscription .
FAIRFAX , Va. —( BUSINESS WIRE ) — Hot on the heels of spectacular showings at E3 and Comic - Con , Mythic Entertainment , an Electronic Arts Inc. ( NASDAQ : ERTS ) studio , today announced that fans will be able to enter the gritty fantasy world of Warhammer ®
Online : Age of Reckoning ™ ( WAR ) on September 18th , 2008 when the highly - anticipated MMORPG goes live .
After three years in development by Virginia - based Mythic Entertainment , WAR will open its North American , European and Oceanic servers and offer players a variety of flexible subscription options .
Gamers who pre-order WAR in North American will enjoy special benefits including open beta admission , a live game head start , and bonus in - game items .
Advertisement
Based on Games Workshop 's epic and longstanding tabletop fantasy war game , WAR is a unique MMORPG that features revolutionary Realm vs. Realm™ ( RvR ) gameplay that will immerse players in a world of perpetual conflict for years to come .
WAR has been recognized for its unique play style that appeals to novice MMO players while offering incredible depth for more seasoned players .
Consumer demand for WAR is mounting with all units of the game 's Collector 's Edition having been pre-sold in North America .
In addition , the title is receiving significant media attention , picking up numerous critic awards at this year 's E3 , including " Best PC Game " from G4's XPlay , " Best MMO " from IGN and Voodoo Extreme , and " Top 10 PC Game " from Gamespy , as well as being nominated for the prestigious Game Critic 's Awards " Best PC Game " .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
" The countdown has officially begun .
Mark your calendars !
September 18th is the Day of Reckoning , " said Mark Jacobs , founder and general manager of Mythic Entertainment .
" For the last three years , the entire team at Mythic has poured their hearts into making Warhammer Online the next great MMORPG .
We are so excited to open up this world and share it with the fans that will live in it , quest in it , go to war in it and make it come alive . "
Fans looking forward to laying siege to their enemy 's capital city will have several pricing options available , beginning with a $ 14.99 monthly subscription .
Additionally , collectible 30 - and 60 - day prepaid Game Time ™ Cards will be available at many game retailers .
WAR subscription options include :
* Monthly Subscription : $ 14.99 USD
* 3 - Month Subscription : $ 41.97 ( $ 13.99 per month )
* 6 - Month Subscription : $ 77.94 ( $ 12.99 per month )
Advertisement
Players can now pre-order their copy of WAR to secure their spots on the frontlines with a special pre-order package that includes :
* Open beta admission : Pre -order customers can experience the glory of battle and the thrill of WAR by participating in the open beta test .
* Head Start program : Players can begin their adventures in the Age of Reckoning before the game 's official launch .
* Bonus in - game items : Players can equip their characters with two bonus in - game items by pre-ordering from select retail partners .
* Universal Fighting System™ Battle Deck : The Emperor Karl Franz and Tchar'zanek , dread Champion of Tzeentch , go head - to - head in this exclusive collectible card game from Fantasy Flight Games .
( Available in a limited supply from select retailers . )
Advertisement
Participating pre-order partners include Amazon.com , Best Buy , Circuit City , Direct2 Drive , EAStore.com , EB Canada , EB Games , Fry's , Futureshop , GameCrazy , GameStop , GoGamer.com , and Walmart.com .
( Pre -order offers will vary by retailer . )
The European pre-order program is scheduled to begin in late August .
For more information about the North American pre-order program , visit www.warhammeronline.com/preorder.
Available for the PC , WAR is rated " T " for TEEN by the ESRB .
WAR will be the first MMORPG to launch servers simultaneously in North America , Europe , and Oceania when it goes live on September 18th , 2008 .
For more information , visit http://www.warhammeronline.com/.
Advertisement
About Warhammer ® Online : Age of Reckoning ™
Experience the glory of Realm vs. Realm™ !
Declare your allegiance and join hundreds of thousands of mighty heroes on the battlefields of Warhammer Online : Age of Reckoning , the new MMORPG from Mythic Entertainment , the creators of Dark Age of Camelot™ .
Enter a grim fantasy world of perpetual conflict to fight for the Realms of Order ( Dwarfs , High Elves , and Empire ) or Destruction ( Greenskins , Dark Elves , and Chaos ) .
Invade enemy lands , besiege imposing fortresses , and sack sprawling capital cities for the glory of your Realm .
Wield devastating magic and deadly weapons , battle monstrous creatures , and join your brothers - in - arms in epic Public Quests ™ .
Climb the Bastion Stair , carry your Guild Banner into battle , and unlock the infinite secrets of the Tome of Knowledge as you travel the world .
Sharpen your blade and unleash your inner mutation ; the Age of Reckoning has begun and WAR IS EVERYWHERE !
Link of the day - Free $ 500 Sears Gift Card
If you receive an invitation to a purse party , you might want to think twice about accepting .
They 're popular , but some are illegal , federal agents said .
Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents are cracking down on the distribution and sale of counterfeit handbags , which are knock - offs designed to look like expensive bags .
ICE investigator William Wallrapp said counterfeit purses are big business , and they may be funding even bigger criminal activity .
Most of the purses look like handbags that cost hundreds or even thousands of dollars .
The fakes cost a fraction of the price of the real bags , reported television station KETV in Omaha .
A KETV hidden camera was rolling at a designer handbag party in west Omaha .
Replicas of favorite luxury brands , including Coach , Prada and Chanel , were offered for sale .
Wallrapp said some saleswomen are making six figures by selling them .
"
It 's a lucrative trade , " Wallrapp said .
The purse parties are now being watched by federal investigators .
"
If we find out about these crimes , we 're going to investigate them and do our best to see that they 're prosecuted , " Wallrapp said .
ICE recently arrested two women in Scottsbluff , Neb. , on suspicion of selling the counterfeit goods .
Kelli Larson and Jodene Burkhart were forced to forfeit more than 900 purses , wallets and sunglasses .
An indictment said that the women made more than $ 200,000 selling the knockoffs and now face a $ 2 million fine and several years in prison .
Agents also seized more than 1,200 fakes from a woman in Lincoln , Neb .
" She was going to make tens of thousands on those , probably , " Wallrapp said .
Wallrapp said that people who buy and sell the knockoffs do n't fully understand the business behind them .
He said many times organized crime rings from across the globe make the fakes .
" The majority of these items are manufactured overseas , and they 're imported or smuggled into the U.S. , " he said .
The money generated by selling shoes , sunglasses and purses often funds more serious criminal activity , the agent said .
" People involved in the narcotics trade or weapons trade or money laundering are in those trades to make money .
They get involved in counterfeiting for the same reason , " Wallrapp said .
The counterfeit business also takes billions away from legitimate companies .
Industry and trade associations estimate that counterfeiting and piracy cost the U.S. economy up to $ 250 billion a year and a total of 750,000 jobs .
About 5 percent of all merchandise sold worldwide is counterfeit , industry estimates show .
" That 's a big impact on our economy and our citizens , " Wallrapp said .
" It 's not something you should be involved in . " Knockoff purses can range in price from $ 15 to $ 95 .
In an effort to crack down harder on counterfeiting , Wallrapp said that the government just opened a center in Virginia where several agencies work together under the same roof to solve the crimes .
[ Via - Local6.Com ]
Latest Dictionary Debuts With About 100 New Words
Bears eat workers at remote Russian mines
The cubicle turns 40 this month
Wind scatters hundreds of bills as man leaves bank , but good Samaritans rush in to help
Global Economy at " Point of Maximum Danger " ?
It ’s an interesting question :
Why would large , established companies like Adobe and others embrace open source strategies ?
In some ways , it seems counterproductive .
After all , releasing a software application ’s source code to the community could be viewed as letting an organization ’s competitive advantage walk out the door .
However , as anyone involved in the open source community knows , this shortsighted view fails to acknowledge the true benefits of open source development .
I ’ve been engaged in free software — which later became “ open source ” in 1998 — for almost two decades .
I understand the community ’s skepticism when it comes to corporate approaches to open source .
I ’ve seen simple open source concepts — such as free distribution , source code that can be modified , open licensing , and others — distorted by companies looking to sell products and recast their image as open .
To succeed and truly benefit the open source community , companies need to find a balance between maintaining their competitive advantage and working closely with customers and developers .
From a corporate perspective , there are excellent reasons for adopting an open source strategy :
There is an increased market demand for open source products .
Development costs can be reduced by eliminating the need to reinvent existing , proven code .
Companies can leverage ongoing community development efforts to enhance applications and better engage customers .
Through an expanded user community , a company can establish broader adoption of its products and reach new markets .
Transforming Software Sales and Development
Open source today is an undeniable force that every technology company has to reckon with .
Leading analyst firm IDC views it as one of the most important long - term trends impacting the software industry in the last 20 years .
In a study that included more than 5,000 respondents , IDC found that open source software is used by 71 percent of developers worldwide — and already , open source applications are in production use at more than half of the respondents ’ companies .
For technology companies , the challenge is balancing developer needs while still generating revenues to support ongoing application development .
Fortunately , the two activities are not mutually exclusive .
Vendors have adopted approaches to succeed in an open source marketplace , including a stack strategy that includes providing free SDKs and the option to buy libraries , as well as subscription models in which vendors fix bugs and certify an application ’s readiness .
There are also sales of hybrid products , which are expected to account for 80 percent of software released from the entire industry within the next four years .
One of the main differences for vendors selling applications today versus software sales in previous years is that many customers no longer want locked , shrink - wrapped boxes of software .
Instead , they want the chance to further develop the application .
It ’s a new way of viewing the relationship between vendors — that previously owned and developed the solution — and customers who now have more freedom to deploy a solution tailored to their specific situations .
What Is Open ?
With so many ideas about what open means , it is helpful to take a closer look at what “ open ” actually is .
The reality is that openness can exist in many layers .
However , for simplicity , I ’ll break the discussion into some subsets :
Programming interfaces :
By making the communication conduits and language ( values ) available , programs can implicitly exchange information and interoperate .
By making the communication conduits and language ( values ) available , programs can implicitly exchange information and interoperate .
Specifications :
Often you can find specifications that are available without business restrictions , from which you can build a product to manipulate or interchange .
Often you can find specifications that are available without business restrictions , from which you can build a product to manipulate or interchange .
Standards :
The nice thing about standards is there is always one to do what a company wants .
The downside is that there are innumerable standards bodies , across industries and regions , covering a multitude of arenas with non-standard ways of determining what and how to create a standard .
The nice thing about standards is there is always one to do what a company wants .
The downside is that there are innumerable standards bodies , across industries and regions , covering a multitude of arenas with non-standard ways of determining what and how to create a standard .
Open source : Obviously the most open way of communicating is to determine both the content and the intent of any message .
By allowing view and modification of source , open source delivers a level of openness found in no other layer .
In short , being open really involves allowing access to the information necessary to take an appropriate action , either in implementing from a specification or adapting source code to provide a new solution .
For corporations , one of the first rules of open source development should be a commitment to sharing relevant code and not withholding patent rights .
It sounds simple , but it ’s not always the case .
Corporations have to commit to giving developers access to the same code that is ultimately in the products they sell to the market .
At the most basic level , a corporate commitment to open source is about playing fair with products and technology and keeping a dialogue open between a company and the community .
Many developers already feel there are too many open source licenses ( as recognized by the Open Source Initiative . )
When a company keeps delivering “ vanity licenses , ” its commitment to true open source development is questionable .
Instead , a better corporate strategy — for the long - term viability of a company ’s solutions , as well as for the broader development community — is to use open source licenses accepted by the majority of developers .
However , before going into more detail , this is a good time to highlight a common misconception that many still have about open source : that it equates to “ free . ”
For anyone involved in developing open source applications , they know this is not the case .
Building a community , maintaining sensible governance , integration expenses , ongoing build cycles , application research , and legal fees are just a few of the costs of corporate open source development .
Yet , the costs are well worth the benefits of having a technology that is used and expanded upon by many of the greatest developer minds in the world .
Partnering With Designers and Developers
The reason why large companies embrace open source practices is simple :
The market demand for products built with open source technologies is huge .
In 1991 , no one could foresee , for example , that in less than 20 years the then - unknown Linux operating system would power more than 35 percent of the servers at many of the world ’s largest commercial and government organizations — or that it would also run on cell phones , desktop computers and even inside televisions .
No corporate development team gets excited about the idea of a product being in a perpetual beta state , but with open source , that is often the reality .
In the past , companies have had the luxury of developing products , releasing them and then controlling future enhancements to the next release .
Today , the release of an open source solution is just the beginning .
Customers and developers can take a solution in directions that a vendor ’s in - house development team never imagined — and then incorporate those discoveries into future releases .
This sharing of expertise and building on knowledge is a vital tenet of open source .
Of course , true sharing of open source knowledge succeeds only when reliable specifications are in place .
This goes back to the fact that development needs to be done using proven open source applications that adhere to universally accepted standards .
Balancing Risk and Rewards
Open source development has inherent risks and benefits .
Regardless of the project , there are some standard rules that any company supporting open source should follow :
Give credit where credit is due .
If anyone uses something , be sure to give credit to the person or organization that created it .
If anyone uses something , be sure to give credit to the person or organization that created it .
Return value equivalent to the value received .
This does not mean releasing all products as open source , but continue providing open source components to solutions , and supporting open source foundations like the SQLite Consortium .
This does not mean releasing all products as open source , but continue providing open source components to solutions , and supporting open source foundations like the SQLite Consortium .
Adhere to standards and build on accumulated expertise .
Our job is not to tell our partners or customers what to do with the technology or how to do it .
Instead , we want to provide the foundation to help them work smarter and achieve their business goals .
When I approach open source with the community — both internal and external developers — I think of it as a conversation .
We need to be able to freely exchange information and speak a language we both understand .
At the same time , we have to be open to letting people modify that conversation in ways we might not have ever imagined .
For companies and for developers , that ’s where open source really gets interesting .
is director of standards and open source for Adobe Systems .
His blog can be found here
( CNN ) -- Video that aired on a Turkish television network Thursday showed reporters from two stations ducking for cover and saying their last prayers as their vehicle came under attack in Georgia .
One reporter was shot in the head in the attack , which happened Sunday , but his injuries were not considered life - threatening .
All the journalists involved were safely back in Turkey on Thursday .
It 's one of several incidents in which journalists have been caught in the shooting between Georgian and Russian forces .
The crews , from Turkish networks NTV and Kanal Turk , were traveling from Gori , in Georgia , to the South Ossetian city of Tshinvali when video shows bullets striking their vehicle .
The network NTV told CNN it was unclear who fired on the vehicle , striking journalist Levent Ozturk in his left eye .
The group Human Rights Watch said Thursday that troops from Georgia and Russia appear to have caused civilian casualties through indiscriminate attacks in Gori and Tshinvali .
" Friends , I got hit on the head , " Ozturk shouts in the video .
" I am OK now , but in a few minutes ... . "
Watch the Turkish press under attack »
The four journalists begin reciting a Muslim last prayer .
Then they wave through the shattered sunroof of their truck and shout " Press ! Press ! " in English .
The Istanbul - based reporters were taken to a makeshift , underground hospital in Tshinvali .
On Thursday , meanwhile , a reporter for Georgian public television was shot in the arm during a live report .
Watch report where journalist was shot »
After being hit , she walked to a news van and was fitted with a bulletproof vest as the camera rolled .
She continued her report and said the shot appeared to come from a Russian - controlled area .
CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report
All About Human Rights Watch • Istanbul
Why is Powys so happy ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Powys tops a list of 273 districts surveyed across the UK to find the ' happiest place ' .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
As a result of sharply deteriorating political conditions in the region , Unocal , which serves as the development manager for the Central Asia Gas ( CentGas ) pipeline consortium , has suspended all activities involving the proposed pipeline project in Afghanistan .
From the 1998 Congressional Record .
Emphasis added to text .
U.S. INTERESTS IN THE CENTRAL ASIAN
REPUBLICS HEARING BEFORE THE
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ASIA AND THE PACIFIC
OF THE COMMITTEE ON INTERNATIONAL
RELATIONS HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
ONE HUNDRED FIFTH CONGRESS SECOND SESSION
FEBRUARY 12 , 1998
Next we would like to hear from Mr. John J. Maresca , vice president of international relations , Unocal Corporation .
You may proceed as you wish .
STATEMENT OF JOHN J. MARESCA , VICE
PRESIDENT OF INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS , UNOCAL CORPORATION Mr. Maresca .
Thank you , Mr. Chairman .
It 's nice to see you again .
I am John Maresca , vice president for international relations of the Unocal Corporation .
Unocal , as you know , is one of the world 's leading energy resource and project development companies .
I appreciate your invitation to speak here today .
I believe these hearings are important and timely .
I congratulate you for focusing on Central Asia oil and gas reserves and the role they play in shaping U.S. policy .
I would like to focus today on three issues .
First , the need for multiple pipeline routes for Central Asian oil and gas resources .
Second , the need for U.S. support for international and regional efforts to achieve balanced and lasting political settlements to the conflicts in the region , including Afghanistan .
Third , the need for structured assistance to encourage economic reforms and the development of appropriate investment climates in the region .
In this regard , we specifically support repeal or removal of section 907 of the Freedom Support Act. Mr. Chairman , the Caspian region contains tremendous untapped hydrocarbon reserves .
Just to give an idea of the scale , proven natural gas reserves equal more than 236 trillion cubic feet .
The region 's total oil reserves may well reach more than 60 billion barrels of oil .
Some estimates are as high as 200 billion barrels .
In 1995 , the region was producing only 870,000 barrels per day .
By 2010 , western companies could increase production to about 4.5 million barrels a day , an increase of more than 500 percent in only 15 years .
If this occurs , the region would represent about 5 percent of the world 's total oil production .
One major problem has yet to be resolved : how to get the region 's vast energy resources to the markets where they are needed .
Central Asia is isolated .
Their natural resources are land locked , both geographically and politically .
Each of the countries in the Caucasus and Central Asia faces difficult political challenges .
Some have unsettled wars or latent conflicts .
Others have evolving systems where the laws and even the courts are dynamic and changing .
In addition , a chief technical obstacle which we in the industry face in transporting oil is the region 's existing pipeline infrastructure .
Because the region 's pipelines were constructed during the Moscow - centered Soviet period , they tend to head north and west toward Russia .
There are no connections to the south and east .
But Russia is currently unlikely to absorb large new quantities of foreign oil .
It 's unlikely to be a significant market for new energy in the next decade .
It lacks the capacity to deliver it to other markets .
Two major infrastructure projects are seeking to meet the need for additional export capacity .
One , under the aegis of the Caspian Pipeline Consortium , plans to build a pipeline west from the northern Caspian to the Russian Black Sea port of Novorossiysk .
Oil would then go by tanker through the Bosporus to the Mediterranean and world markets .
The other project is sponsored by the Azerbaijan International Operating Company , a consortium of 11 foreign oil companies , including four American companies , Unocal , Amoco , Exxon and Pennzoil .
This consortium conceives of two possible routes , one line would angle north and cross the north Caucasus to Novorossiysk .
The other route would cross Georgia to a shipping terminal on the Black Sea .
This second route could be extended west and south across Turkey to the Mediterranean port of Ceyhan .
But even if both pipelines were built , they would not have enough total capacity to transport all the oil expected to flow from the region in the future .
Nor would they have the capability to move it to the right markets .
Other export pipelines must be built .
At Unocal , we believe that the central factor in planning these pipelines should be the location of the future energy markets that are most likely to need these new supplies .
Western Europe , Central and Eastern Europe , and the Newly Independent States of the former Soviet Union are all slow growth markets where demand will grow at only a half a percent to perhaps 1.2 percent per year during the period 1995 to 2010 .
Asia is a different story all together .
It will have a rapidly increasing energy consumption need .
Prior to the recent turbulence in the Asian Pacific economies , we at Unocal anticipated that this region 's demand for oil would almost double by 2010 .
Although the short - term increase in demand will probably not meet these expectations , we stand behind our long - term estimates .
I should note that it is in everyone 's interest that there be adequate supplies for Asia 's increasing energy requirements .
If Asia 's energy needs are not satisfied , they will simply put pressure on all world markets , driving prices upwards everywhere .
The key question then is how the energy resources of Central Asia can be made available to nearby Asian markets .
There are two possible solutions , with several variations .
One option is to go east across China , but this would mean constructing a pipeline of more than 3,000 kilometers just to reach Central China .
In addition , there would have to be a 2,000 - kilometer connection to reach the main population centers along the coast .
The question then is what will be the cost of transporting oil through this pipeline , and what would be the netback which the producers would receive .
For those who are not familiar with the terminology , the netback is the price which the producer receives for his oil or gas at the well head after all the transportation costs have been deducted .
So it 's the price he receives for the oil he produces at the well head .
The second option is to build a pipeline south from Central Asia to the Indian Ocean .
One obvious route south would cross Iran , but this is foreclosed for American companies because of U.S. sanctions legislation .
The only other possible route is across Afghanistan , which has of course its own unique challenges .
The country has been involved in bitter warfare for almost two decades , and is still divided by civil war .
From the outset , we have made it clear that construction of the pipeline we have proposed across Afghanistan could not begin until a recognized government is in place that has the confidence of governments , lenders , and our company .
Mr. Chairman , as you know , we have worked very closely with the University of Nebraska at Omaha in developing a training program for Afghanistan which will be open to both men and women , and which will operate in both parts of the country , the north and south .
Unocal foresees a pipeline which would become part of a regional system that will gather oil from existing pipeline infrastructure in Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , Kazakhstan and Russia .
The 1,040 - mile long oil pipeline would extend south through Afghanistan to an export terminal that would be constructed on the Pakistan coast .
This 42 - inch diameter pipeline will have a shipping capacity of one million barrels of oil per day .
The estimated cost of the project , which is similar in scope to the trans - Alaska pipeline , is about $ 2.5 billion .
Given the plentiful natural gas supplies of Central Asia , our aim is to link gas resources with the nearest viable markets .
This is basic for the commercial viability of any gas project .
But these projects also face geopolitical challenges .
Unocal and the Turkish company Koc Holding are interested in bringing competitive gas supplies to Turkey .
The proposed Eurasia natural gas pipeline would transport gas from Turkmenistan directly across the Caspian Sea through Azerbaijan and Georgia to Turkey .
Of course the demarcation of the Caspian remains an issue .
Last October , the Central Asia Gas Pipeline Consortium , called CentGas , in which Unocal holds an interest , was formed to develop a gas pipeline which will link Turkmenistan 's vast Dauletabad gas field with markets in Pakistan and possibly India .
The proposed 790 - mile pipeline will open up new markets for this gas , traveling from Turkmenistan through Afghanistan to Multan in Pakistan .
The proposed extension would move gas on to New Delhi , where it would connect with an existing pipeline .
As with the proposed Central Asia oil pipeline , CentGas can not begin construction until an internationally recognized Afghanistan Government is in place .
The Central Asia and Caspian region is blessed with abundant oil and gas that can enhance the lives of the region 's residents , and provide energy for growth in both Europe and Asia .
The impact of these resources on U.S. commercial interests and U.S. foreign policy is also significant .
Without peaceful settlement of the conflicts in the region , cross - border oil and gas pipelines are not likely to be built .
We urge the Administration and the Congress to give strong support to the U.N. - led peace process in Afghanistan .
The U.S. Government should use its influence to help find solutions to all of the region 's conflicts .
U.S. assistance in developing these new economies will be crucial to business success .
We thus also encourage strong technical assistance programs throughout the region .
Specifically , we urge repeal or removal of section 907 of the Freedom Support Act .
This section unfairly restricts U.S. Government assistance to the government of Azerbaijan and limits U.S. influence in the region .
Developing cost - effective export routes for Central Asian resources is a formidable task , but not an impossible one .
Unocal and other American companies like it are fully prepared to undertake the job and to make Central Asia once again into the crossroads it has been in the past .
Thank you , Mr. Chairman .
Can a diet pill REALLY let you gorge on food and add 30 years to your life ?
Dr Malcolm Goyns wants to reduce his Body Mass Index ( BMI ) .
It sounds like a good idea , given that it 's currently 31 , which makes him officially obese .
So , like any good dieter , he 's cut his calorie intake , giving up full - fat milk , fried foods and the fatty snacks such as crisps and biscuits that he used to enjoy , and replacing them with fruit , yoghurt , muesli and salads .
His plan is to reduce his intake to just 1,300 calories a day - well below the optimum level recommended in the Government 's healthy eating guidelines - until he reaches his target ( a BMI of 18.5 ) .
Then he 'll return to his former eating habits .
Diet pill : A supplement may be able to help you keep weight off after a diet and add years to your life
It sounds like a recipe for all those pounds simply to pile straight back on , the classic yo - yo diet .
In fact , according to Goyns , he wo n't regain the weight because he 'll be taking a daily supplement called alpha lipoic acid ( ALA ) .
Furthermore , this regimen of severe calorie restriction followed by ALA will provide a far greater reward than inch - loss - he believes it could add 30 years to his life .
Over the past decade , several studies have shown that curbing calories in the extreme increases the lifespan of a range of laboratory animals .
Then last week , Goyns and researchers from the University of Liverpool 's school of biological sciences published findings that appeared to confirm that eating less does indeed increase longevity .
In their report in the journal Mechanisms of Ageing and Development , they revealed how rats fed a low - calorie diet for six months lived 25 to 40 per cent longer than those with a normal calorie intake .
When the dieting rats resumed a normal diet , however , the anti-ageing benefits were halted .
Unless , that is , they were promptly given a supplement of the antioxidant compound ALA .
This is a disease - fighting and anti-ageing substance found naturally in foods such as red meat , spinach , broccoli and yeast .
It is widely available in health food stores as a supplement ( costing around £ 15 to £ 30 for a month 's supply ) .
People take it in the belief it will boost their health , as well as protecting brain and heart function .
It is also sometimes used in the treatment of conditions such as stroke and liver damage , as it helps tissues to recover from stress .
New findings , however , suggest a radical new use for the supplement - helping you keep the weight off and increasing your lifespan .
' Our results showed that the weight - loss and life extension effects continued when rats who had previously dieted ate normally , provided they took ALA , ' says Goyns .
' It is important to point out that an ALA supplement wo n't have this effect unless someone has restricted their calories beforehand , but the compound seems to fool the body into behaving like it was still on the calorie - restriction diet . '
( If you did n't adopt a strict calorie - restriction diet , but just cut your calories a little to lose weight , taking ALA afterwards would mean the weight would stay off , even if you started eating normally . )
Researchers first stumbled across a longevity link with calorierestricted diets in the 1930s when Professor Clive McCay , a nutritionist at Cornell University , discovered that underfed rats not only maintained a more youthful appearance than those on a regular diet , but lived up to one - third longer .
Similar results have been obtained with monkeys , dogs , guppies and any number of species ( except , that is , in humans ) .
Since then , a growing number of people - many of them members of the American - based Calorie Restriction Society - have adopted the principles of calorie restriction , cutting their food intake by 30 per cent in the belief that it will extend their lives by at least a third .
Quite how calorie restriction might work to increase lifespan is unclear .
One theory is that when its energy supplies are limited , the body panics , sending signals to cells telling them to direct energy away from reproductive functions and to focus instead on repair and maintenance .
With less food , metabolism ( the rate at which the body burns calories as fuel ) also slows down in an attempt to conserve energy .
The theory has some basis - for a fast metabolism can have a destructive effect , says Dr Toni Steer , an independent nutritionist who previously worked at the Medical Research Council 's Human Nutrition Laboratory in Cambridge .
' A fast metabolism can lead to a greater production of free radicals , the damaging substances involved in many chronic diseases , ' she says .
' Followers of calorie - restriction diets claim that by eating less they are directly reducing the production of free radicals .
It is plausible that , up to a point , fewer calories will lower the risk of some diseases .
But it has never been categorically proven to prolong human life . '
Indeed , evidence that calorie restriction boosts human lifespan remains highly speculative .
Advocates of calorie restriction argue that this is because trials would be too lengthy and difficult to carry out .
Whereas animals have a relatively short lifespan , Goyns says humans live into their 70s and 80s , ' making it harder to study the effects ' .
He points to studies , including some at America 's prestigious National Institutes of Health , that show how calorie - restricted diets in animals seem to affect molecular pathways likely to be involved in the progression of human conditions , such as heart disease , Alzheimer 's , diabetes , Parkinson 's disease and some forms of cancer .
More recently , a study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association two years ago revealed that people on a low - calorie diet had lower insulin levels , a marker of longevity , and less of the chromosomal damage typically associated with ageing .
Meanwhile , at the University of Washington researchers have found that calorie - restricted dieters have better - functioning hearts and a lower risk of clogged arteries .
John Holloszywho leads the Washington investigations , says : ' Calorie restriction has a powerful , protective effect against diseases associated with ageing .
' We do n't know how long each individual will end up living , but they certainly have a longer life expectancy than average . '
The fact remains that the most convincing evidence for longevity comes from animal studies , but Goyns ' view is that if it works for rats , why should n't it work for him ?
So when he reaches his target BMI he will then take a daily 200 mg supplement every day for the final week of the calorie - restriction diet , continue taking it for the first three weeks of ' normal eating ' and then once a week thereafter .
He also believes that the latest findings mean that even those who go on less restrictive diets could keep the weight off with ALA ( although he adds that people who have been taking this supplement for years without having restricted their calories wo n't get the life - enhancing benefits - it will work only for first - timers ) .
But his fellow researchers disagree with his interpretation of their results .
Dr Brian Merry from the University of Liverpool believes further studies are necessary .
Meanwhile , for nutritionist Tom Steers the concern is that while most people eat too much , severe calorie restriction is risky .
Without professional guidance , it could result in nutritional deficiencies such as anaemia and low intakes of calcium and vitamin C .
Goyns remains undeterred : ' I love life and would like to be here as long as I can .
Who would n't ? '
• THE ANTI - AGEING PROTOCOL : How To Live For Up To 30 Years Extra , by Dr Malcolm H. Goyns , is published by Immorgene ( £ 13.99 )
Sure , you can still find a $ 15 case out there , but at that price you get what you pay for .
In the case of , say , Keystone Light or Old Milwaukee , that would be corn , hop extract and lots of H2O .
Styrofoam homes may sound like a recipient for disaster , but Japan Dome House Co. , Ltd. thinks they 're the future .
A future in which all of us will be hobbits or smurfs .
Made with 7 - inch - thick 100 % expanded polystyrene foam modules , the company says that they do n't have the maintenance problems of wood or metal structures , and they are " highly resistant " to earthquakes , fires , and typhoons .
Still , the 480 domes at Aso Farm Land resort village in Kyushu look like a suburban community on Mos Eisley 's outskirts or a world from Myst .
Advertisement
Inside , however , the homes look huge .
This image was lost some time after publication .
Advertisement
Each module is only 175 pounds , and they can be carried and assembled by a couple of people in a matter of hours .
I do n't know how that is compatible with " typhoon resistant , " but since it has been approved by Japan 's safety - obsessed government , we would have to believe it 's true .
Head to Pink Tentacle for more pictures and details .
[ Pink Tentacle ]
( I used to work at a sporting goods store .
One day a young guy of about 12 - 14 years of age comes in . )
Customer : “ Hi , can you tell me where I can find a jock , like , for playing baseball ? ”
Me : “ Oh , you mean a protective cup ?
Sure , they ’re right over here . ”
Customer : “ Thanks .
Oh , are there sizes ? ”
Me : “ Yeah , they ’re – ”
Customer : * whispers * “ I think I ’m a small . ”
Me : “ They ’re according to waistband . ”
Customer : “ Oh … ”
Me : “ I ’ll be over there if you need anything else . ”
How Beliefs and Values Influence What Tastes Good
• Next article in this series : Six Psychological Reasons Consumer Culture is Unsatisfying • Previous article :
‘ Meat is murder ’ , or so the vegetarian ’s rallying cry goes .
But according to a new study published in the Journal of Consumer Research , meat also means social power , and , for some , it ’s the power that really tastes good .
In this study , conducted by Michael Allen at the University of Sydney , Australia , and colleagues , participants were lied to about the contents of sausage rolls they were tasting .
In some conditions they were told they were tasting real beef sausage rolls when actually they were eating a vegetarian alternative that tasted the same .
Then they were told they were eating the vegetarian alternative when actually they were eating the beef .
Meaty sausage rolls are aspirational
Allen and colleagues were inspired to this trickery by research demonstrating that how we experience something we eat is influenced by our beliefs .
For example in one study people rated yoghurt and sandwiches labelled ‘ full fat ’ as tastier than those labelled ‘ low fat ’ .
In fact both foods were identical .
The current study differed in that it was interested in how people ’s beliefs about social power affected their taste experiences .
The researchers asked participants to complete a questionnaire that accessed the extent to which they seek to dominate others socially and acquire resources , wealth and public recognition .
The results showed that those who were low on social power values preferred the taste of the vegetarian sausage roll , regardless of whether they ’d actually tasted the beef or the veggie alternative .
Those high on social power , however , found the beef more tasty , even when it was just the veggie option labelled as beef .
Pepsi challenge
In a second test of this idea the researchers did a version of the Pepsi challenge .
Participants were given either Pepsi or a store - brand cola to drink .
But as before they were sometimes lied to about which one they had been given .
This time the researchers were n’t interested in social power but instead on whether people endorsed the idea that life should be exciting and full of enjoyment – something that Pepsi ’s advertising encourages , and store - brand cola does n’t have much to say about .
Again , those who most strongly agreed that life should be full of excitement thought the cola they were told was Pepsi was more tasty , whether or not they actually were drinking Pepsi or not .
Can you taste the difference ?
This research is a fascinating demonstration of how quite subtle differences in the way we think about food and drink can have significant influences on how we experience them .
It lends more weight to certain explanations of some everyday phenomena :
Organic food is all the rage and many claim it tastes better – others are not so sure .
Organic food producers are probably relying at least partly on the psychological effect demonstrated in this study which will make their food taste better to those who endorse ‘ organic worldviews ’
is all the rage and many claim it tastes better – others are not so sure .
Organic food producers are probably relying at least partly on the psychological effect demonstrated in this study which will make their food taste better to those who endorse ‘ organic worldviews ’
Marketing values .
Corporations spend fortunes associating their brands with certain values .
In the case of food and beverage producers this study suggests the money is well spent , as long as the values they promote coincide with the consumer ’s .
While we tend to assume corporations are mainly trying to convince us of the quality of their goods , the associated values are an important factor in the final experience .
. Corporations spend fortunes associating their brands with certain values .
In the case of food and beverage producers this study suggests the money is well spent , as long as the values they promote coincide with the consumer ’s .
While we tend to assume corporations are mainly trying to convince us of the quality of their goods , the associated values are an important factor in the final experience .
Beer tastes pretty disgusting when you first try it , but some people come to associate it with good times and socialising with friends .
Then , over time , it starts to taste better .
Others may choose wine or some other type of beverage .
We tend to think of this as becoming accustomed to , or developing a taste for that drink .
But how each type of beverage tastes is probably influenced by the values you associate with it .
If the way you see beer does n’t accord with your values , then it probably wo n’t taste so good .
Potato for President ?
The authors of the study even wonder if healthy eating could be encouraged by changing the values associated with fruit and vegetables .
Whatever the outcome of the potential rebranding of fruit and vegetables ( carrots march into war , aubergines win promotions and a potato is elected as President ) this study is certainly a neat demonstration of one more aspect of our everyday experience which is directly influenced by our beliefs and values .
» The full paper is available on Scribd .
[ Image credit : alisdair ]
LONDON , August 22 / PRNewswire / --
One in four British women admits to not looking after her teeth , including brushing and flossing , on a daily basis , according to a new survey released today .
The survey asked women how important a good smile was ; nearly two thirds ( 65 % ) of the women surveyed believe that a good smile results in a more confident individual , followed by 18 % who said that someone with a good smile would be more likely to be successful in regards to romance and attracting a partner .
Teeth are clearly important in making an impression , but Brits are still living up to the stereotype of having bad teeth , as over one third of the women surveyed ( 36 % ) reported that they are embarrassed by their teeth .
When asked what they would improve about their smile 49 % of the participants stated ' very white teeth ' , followed by 29 % wanting even and straight teeth .
The main problem is investing time and money in looking after our teeth .
Nearly two thirds ( 64 % ) highlighted cost as a factor that deters them from getting their teeth straightened , with 73 % only prepared to spend up to GBP1,000 on correcting their teeth .
Yet when you compare how much women spend per year on their beauty regime , the survey revealed that the average woman happily spends GBP1,500 every year .
Cosmetic dentistry , or correcting the smile with Invisalign costs between GBP3,500 and GBP5,000 * , and when compared with the cost of cosmetics over the course of a lifetime , ( and in light of the importance of an attractive smile ) , it is a small price to pay for a straight smile .
Dr Paul Humber , a leading dental practitioner commented , " The results of the survey demonstrate that women understand the importance of a healthy smile , but worryingly , they are not prepared to spend the time and money looking after their teeth .
Fear of the dentist is an age old problem ( 24 % are not willing to undergo corrective treatment based on fear ) , but new treatments such as Invisalign , which is a non-invasive procedure using a series of clear plastic aligners to straighten your teeth , have been popular , as they are discreet , and because they are removable , patients can brush and floss as normal .
Invisalign gives me the chance to straighten teeth but without many of the treatment barriers that cause my patients to shy away from with traditional metal dental braces .
The cost for treatment is a lifetime investment so when you compare this to how much women spend on beauty treatments , it is minimal . "
Respondents were also asked which features they are most likely to notice when they meet a potential partner : eyes came top with 59 % , followed by smile at 32 % .
When asked the same question about other women , the smile was considered their most noticeable feature ( 43 % ) , followed by hair ( 39 % ) .
Seeing as teeth are important to women , it is surprising to consider how little attention they pay to them , especially when women are prepared to spend up to 30 minutes a day washing and styling their hair ( 69 % ) , moisturising their body ( 60 % ) and applying cosmetics ( 49 % ) .
Summary :
One quarter of UK women admit to careless dental care despite the belief that an attractive smile results in personal confidence , British women are reluctant to invest in correcting their smiles .
Operation " Check " has been hailed as " audacious " and " historic "
The rescue operation that freed Ingrid Betancourt and 14 other Farc hostages was months in the planning and hinged on a turncoat high in the rebels ' ranks .
Colombian authorities described it as " an unprecedented operation that will go down in history for its audacity and effectiveness " .
Gen Freddy Padilla , the army 's commander - in - chief , said Colombia had managed to penetrate " the highest level " of Farc 's seven - member secretariat - its most senior governing body .
See where dramatic rescue took place Intelligence operatives had also infiltrated the cell of rebels led by Gerardo Aguilar Ramirez , the man known as " Cesar " , who were holding the 15 hostages .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Three of those freed on Wednesday were US defence department contractors , and Operation Check - as in " checkmate " - came after months of preparation and co-operation with US security services .
Gen Padilla told the Associated Press that a disgruntled member of Farc , trusted by the rebels ' high command , had agreed to spearhead the operation .
He convinced Cesar that commanders wanted the 15 hostages moved to a rallying point in southern Colombia , the general said , adding : " The Farc 's communications are medieval . "
Helicopters disguised Cesar believed that the hostages were to be delivered by helicopter to another Farc leader , Alfonso Cano , at a location somewhere between La Paz and Tomachipan , according to Defence Minister Juan Manuel Santos .
A day before the operation , two helicopters - painted white and disguised as those of a fictitious non-governmental organisation - left a military base in an Andean mountain valley and settled in a wilderness clearing .
RELEASED HOSTAGES Ingrid Betancourt Marc Gonsalves Thomas Howes Keith Stansell Juan Carlos Bermeo Raimundo Malagon Jose Ricardo Marulanda William Perez Erasmo Romero Jose Miguel Arteaga Armando Florez Julio Buitrago Armando Castellanos Vaney Rodriguez Jairo Duran
On board one of the helicopters - the one that would rescue the hostages - were four air force crew disguised as civilians , seven military intelligence agents and the rebel turncoat , military officials said .
Two of the agents had dressed as rebels , and the rest wore white as though they were members of a humanitarian mission .
All had taken a week and a half of acting lessons , Gen Padilla said .
When the helicopters arrived at the rendezvous point at midday on Wednesday , one touched down while the other hovered in case of an emergency , sources told the Colombian news website Semana.com .
Gen Padilla said the crew instructed the rebels to bind the hostages ' hands because 14 of them had military training .
" Nobody wanted to risk them trying to overpower the crew , " he told AP .
Once the aircraft was airborne , the rescuers - some wearing T - shirts bearing the portrait of legendary revolutionary Ernesto " Che " Guevara - swiftly overpowered Cesar and his aide .
The rebels were disarmed , stripped naked and tied up as the liberated hostages celebrated so jubilantly that , in the words of Ms Betancourt , " the helicopter nearly fell from the sky " .
If things had gone wrong , the Colombian military had a Plan B for 39 helicopters and 2,000 troops to encircle the hostage - holders and try to persuade them to surrender peacefully .
The general said the turncoat was now free and likely to receive a sizable reward .
William Brownfield , the US ambassador to Colombia , confirmed that Washington and Bogota shared intelligence , equipment , training advice and operational experience prior to the complex operation .
Hailing the rescue mission 's success , Colombian President Alvaro Uribe said : " It was an intelligence operation comparable with the greatest epics of human history , but without a drop of blood being spilled , without one weapon being fired . "
HOW RESCUE OPERATION UNFOLDED
Around midday two army helicopters painted white arrived at rebel site near Ininda River , a second waited at nearby clearing as back - up .
Undercover soldiers said hostages would be taken to another rebel leader , somewhere between La Paz and Tomachipan .
Once on board helicopters , two rebels were overpowered , 15 hostages freed and Ingrid Betancourt eventually flown to capital Bogota .
Return to top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Location :
Explaining the failure of marijuana prohibition is easy .
Sociology , economics , history , and psychology can all help to explain why a safe and popular drug cannot be removed from the market by force .
Still , there is another important reason why marijuana is here to stay : it evolves at an incredibly rapid pace , becoming stronger and more profitable every day .
The vigorous growth and adaptability of the marijuana plant has long frustrated efforts by law - enforcement to thwart its production .
Specific strains are easily cross-bred , producing offspring that emphasize certain qualities , thus growers in Oregon can develop a strain that grows well in Oregon 's climate with minimal effort .
Hybridization not only improves potency , but can also shorten flowering time and increase yield , thereby enabling growers to produce more in less time .
We 're witnessing a situation in which the biological vigor of the plant itself has far outpaced law - enforcement efforts that were never effective to begin with .
Indoor - grown strains can advance through 3 - 4 generations in a year 's time , with the best specimens from each batch selected for cloning or crossbreeding .
Each successive generation carries on the best traits of the former , which explains why growers can now accomplish in a basement what used to require an acre or more in the woods .
The great irony of all this is that drug warriors still think increased marijuana potency is an argument for their side .
In reality , nothing could better illustrate the failure of their efforts to reduce the drug 's production .
Harsh marijuana laws have incentivized growers to produce a stronger product , which carries the same penalties by weight , while commanding higher prices on the street .
As the bitter debate over marijuana legalization rages on , the plants will grow ever faster , bigger , and stronger .
Marijuana is one of nature 's most remarkable creations , and it is unbelievable that so many people still have n't figured out that this plant is here to help us .
From healthy foods to a promising cancer cure , we should be grateful that cannabis sativa grows and evolves as vigorously as it does .
With every forward step in marijuana 's evolution , the war against this resilient plant becomes less and less effective . :
Thanks to court - qualified cannabis expert Chris Conrad for answering growing questions , and to pot-paparazzi Steve Bloom for turning me on to the government 's awesome 2008 cultivation assessment , which got me thinking about this .
By choosing “ I agree ” below , you agree that NPR ’s sites use cookies , similar tracking and storage technologies , and information about the device you use to access our sites to enhance your viewing , listening and user experience , personalize content , personalize messages from NPR ’s sponsors , provide social media features , and analyze NPR ’s traffic .
This information is shared with social media services , sponsorship , analytics and other third - party service providers .
See details .
Agree and Continue Revoke Agreement Decline and Visit Plain Text Site
Fur flies as Olympic swimmer poses naked in Beijing
American Olympic swimmer Amanda Beard caused a splash in Beijing today when she posed naked in front of a US flag to protest against the fur trade .
In a poster for the animal rights group PETA , the reigning 200 - meter breaststroke champion - who also appeared in Playboy in 2007 - appears naked in front of the flag flag with the slogan : " Be comfortable in your own skin .
Do n't wear fur . "
The 26 - year - old Beard swore : " I 'd much rather go naked than ever put a dead animal on my body . "
Making a splash : Olympic swimmer Amanda Beard poses naked in the ad
She said she decided to participate in the PETA campaign because she loved animals and was horrified to see how fur was produced for fashion in some places .
" I have seen a lot of the videos , and ( it ) brings me to tears , " the four - time Olympian was quoted saying in a PETA statement .
" What ( some people ) think is pretty is actually something that 's very gruesome and gross . "
The 26 - year - old came to prominence at the 1996 Atlanta Olympics when as a 14 - year - old she took her teddy bear with her on to the victory podium .
She won gold in the 200 m breaststroke at the Athens Olympics in 2004 and , billed as one of the world 's sexiest athletes , has also appeared in Sports Illustrated and FHM magazines .
Amanda with her poster at the launch today Amanda on poolside while training in Beijing
Jason Baker , an Asia -Pacific spokesman for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , said today 's launch of the ad was " a bit more dramatic than we had planned " after Chinese security officials visited a hotel where an official news conference had been scheduled and shut down the event .
" From what I 've been told from the hotel , the public security bureau showed up at midnight and told them our specific event had to be canceled for safety reasons , without going into any specifics , " Baker said .
" When I arrived at 8 a.m. , there were public security officials in the press conference room we had booked .
" Amanda did n't want her voice to be silenced , so we went ahead and arranged something else — we never knew if we were going to be stopped at any point . "
Baker said the protest was not against China and did not interfere with the Olympics .
Police and security did not interfere with the event outside the village 's south gate .
" It was a sexy ad really designed for the US market .
It was positive , and it was ( supposed ) to be done in a private function room , " Baker said .
" I 'm surprised they were so concerned , given we 've done similar with Asian celebrities in the past . "
It was submitted by members of the nationalist Swiss People 's Party and the fringe Federal Democratic Union , who say they are acting to fight the political spread of Islam .
They argue that the minaret is a symbol of political and religious claim to power rather than a mere religious sign .
WASHINGTON , Aug 3 : Five years after her mysterious disappearance in Karachi , the FBI has finally conceded that an MIT - trained Pakistani neuroscientist is alive and is in US custody in Afghanistan .
Aafia Siddiqui , 36 , disappeared with her three children while visiting her parents ’ home in Karachi in March 2003 , around the same time the FBI announced that it wanted to question her over her alleged links to Al Qaeda .
Her family ’s lawyer Elaine Whitfield Sharp said she believed recent media reports about Mrs Siddiqui ’s incarceration increased pressure on the US and Pakistani authorities to divulge more information .
“ I do n’t believe that they just found Aafia , ” she said .
“ I believe that she was there all along . ”
The fate of her three young , American - born children is still unknown .
Before her disappearance , Mrs Siddiqui lived in a Boston suburb of Roxbury and studied at Brandeis University as well as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
In a 2006 report , Amnesty International listed Mrs Siddiqui as among a number of “ disappeared ” suspects in the war on terrorism .
On July 6 , 2007 , AI listed Mrs Siddiqui as a possible CIA “ secret detainee ” , although she was still on the FBI ’s Seeking Information - Terrorism list .
Late last week , Mrs Siddiqui ’s photo still appeared on the FBI ’s list of people wanted for questioning .
Since no charges were ever filed against her , human rights groups treated her case as that of “ extrajudicial detention ” , although no government ever claimed detaining her .
Even the FBI does not mention any charges in the notice seeking information about her .
“ Although the FBI has no information indicating this individual is connected to specific terrorist activities , the FBI would like to locate and question this individual , ” says the notice .
The “ gray lady of Bagram ” : On July 7 , a British journalist Yvonne Ridley told a news conference in Islamabad that a Pakistani woman had been held in solitary confinement for years at the Bagram US base near Kabul .
The identity of this prisoner remains unconfirmed .
She has been nicknamed the “ gray lady of Bagram ” .
Ms Ridley , however , speculated that she was Aafia Siddiqui .
Moazzam Begg and several other former captives also have reported that a female prisoner , prisoner 650 , was held in Bagram .
The former captives claim that she has lost her sanity and cries all the time .
Although it is still not clear if the “ gray lady of Bagram ” is Aafia Siddiqui , her family ’s attorney told reporters on Friday that the FBI had finally conceded that Mrs Siddiqui is in US custody .
“ It has been confirmed by the FBI that Aafia Siddiqui is alive , ” said Ms Sharp , who said she spoke to an FBI official on Thursday .
“ She is injured but alive , and she is in Afghanistan . ”
For five years , US and Pakistani authorities denied knowing her whereabouts .
But human rights groups and Mrs Siddiqui ’s relatives had long suspected that she had been captured in Karachi and secretly taken into custody .
On Thursday , an FBI official visited Mrs Siddiqui ’s brother in Houston to deliver the news that she was alive and in custody , Ms Sharp said .
FBI officials , however , would not say who was holding her or reveal the fate of her children .
“ If she ’s in US custody , they want to know where she is , ” Ms Sharp said .
“ Who has got her ?
And does she need medical care ? ”
The FBI and the Justice Department declined to comment .
US military documents declassified in recent years suggest that Mrs Siddiqui is suspected of having ties to several key terrorism suspects being held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre .
She is believed to have links to Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , alleged mastermind of the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , and allegedly arranged travel documents for another suspected terrorist .
Papers in Guantanamo Bay also indicate that she married Ali Abd Al Aziz Ali , an alleged Al Qaeda facilitator who intended to blow up petrol stations or poison water reservoirs in the United States .
The three men were among 14 high - value suspects brought to Guantanamo Bay in 2006 after years of secret detention in CIA prisons in Eastern Europe .
A year ago , when Rudy Giuliani was ranked first in the polls among the pack of Republican presidential contenders and conventional wisdom tabbed Mitt Romney as his main rival , the former mayor of New York would go out of his way to say nice things about John McCain -- then widely viewed as the candidate who had blown his shot at the GOP nod .
Now comes word that Giuliani , whose White House bid is remembered for being much ado about very little , will get another chance to say nice things about McCain -- this time as the keynote speaker at the convention that will crown the Arizona senator as the Republican nominee .
Assigned that slot on the list of convention speakers released today , Giuliani 's oratory on the confab 's Tuesday night inevitably will be compared with the comparable speech the week before by his Democratic counterpart -- former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner .
One big difference : Warner 's performance will be evaluated with an eye toward how he might do as a future presidential contender ; Giuliani 's flame - out this year was so spectacular that only he and his closest friends could seriously envision him traveling that path again .
The convention 's opening act on Monday , Sept. 1 , features by far the most intriguing slate of speakers .
Listed first is Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , which presumably means he gets the prime - time spot to elucidate the public on his transformation from 2000 Democratic vice - presidential candidate to party renegade to unrelenting basher of Barack Obama .
Also on stage that night -- and no doubt ushered off it and away from the proceedings as quickly as possible by the McCain folks -- are President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger gets to say a few words ; the media will be watching carefully to see if they include mention of his disagreement with McCain on offshore oil drilling .
And here 's our guess for the speaker who gets the warmest welcome as the convention kicks off : first lady Laura Bush .
-- Don Frederick
Photo credit : Associated Press
Why HTML
So , as I let the dust settle from the most controversial changes I made in the redesign ( and tweak some things and watch my stats in response to the constructive feedback I ’ve gotten ) , I ’d like to address the other big change that people have been asking about : why I switched ( switched back , actually ) from XHTML 1.0 to HTML 4.01 .
The short and sweet reason is simply this : XHTML offers no compelling advantage — to me — over HTML , but even if it did it would also offer increased complexity and uncertainty that make it unappealing to me .
Bear with me and I ’ll explain why .
Why use XHTML ?
XHTML really only offers two major advantages — to a document author — which are n’t available in HTML : the ability to mix in content from other markup languages more or less seamlessly ( via XML namespaces ) , and the ability to use standard XML tools to work with your documents .
Note that I ’ve left out the big “ advantage ” ( or disadvantage , depending on your point of view ) that generates most of the noise in typical HTML - vs. - XHTML debates : XML ’s draconian error - handling policy , which promotes nearly all errors to fatal errors .
I do n’t see any real advantage in applying that model to the Web , and I see a host of potential disadvantages , but the arguments have been so well - trod at this point that I do n’t honestly think I ’d convince anybody one way or another by bringing them all up again .
Meanwhile , I do n’t have any need for namespaced content ; I ’m not displaying any complex mathematical notation here and do n’t plan to , and I do n’t use SVG for any images .
So that ’s one advantage of XHTML out the window .
I also do n’t have any need for XML tools ; all the processing I need to do can be handled by HTML - parsing libraries like BeautifulSoup .
That ’s the other advantage gone .
So there ’s no concrete advantage to be gained , for me , here on this site , by using XHTML .
Why not use XHTML ?
Once again , I do n’t want to argue for or against XML ’s draconian error - handling model , but I do think the consequences of that draconian error handling , combined with some odd quirks of XML and its intersection with HTML in the form of XHTML , result in some significant disadvantages .
First off , let me point out that if you have a need for the features XHTML offers , the other big traditional HTML - vs. - XHTML debate — concerning which media type should be used for XHTML documents — becomes moot .
If you want the behavior of XHTML , you have no choice but to handle it as XHTML , using either the recommended XTHML media type of application / xhtml+xml ( vastly preferable ) or a more general XML media type like application / xml .
The reasoning for this is simple : sending a document as text / html , even if its DOCTYPE indicates that it ’s XHTML , wo n’t get you any XML or XHTML behaviors .
So if you ’re going to do XHTML , you have to actually do XHTML .
But the moment you do that , your job as a document creator gets a lot more complicated .
First off are the ( relatively ) well - known changes to the way CSS and the DOM work in XHTML documents which are actually being handled as such : the rules for applying styles are subtly different ( you need to apply your document - wide styles to the html element instead of the body element ) , and any DOM methods intended to work with or manipulate the XHTML portions of the document must be changed to namespaced versions and fed the XHTML namespace as an argument ( since a true XHTML document may well have content from multiple XML namespaces ) .
If you have to support Internet Explorer , this is a nightmare ; IE has a long history of lackluster support for handling XHTML - as - XHTML , and so you typically have to fall back to text / html .
Now your document has to work under either of two different style and object models , and that ’s even less fun .
Now , on top of this add the consequences of XML .
You do n’t just have to ensure your XHTML is well - formed , you also have to be aware of some quirks which can cause a document to be well - formed and properly interpreted in one context , but non-well - formed or misinterpreted in another .
For example , many browsers use non-validating XML parsers , which means they are not required to recognize or correctly handle any named character entities other than the five predefined by XML itself : amp , quo , apos , lt and gt .
These days the browsers mostly do some special - case processing to ensure they properly recognize and handle entities from XHTML ’s externally - defined entity set , but there was a time when , for example , Firefox would toss an “ unrecognized entity ” error at you if you used any externally - defined named entities ( such as nbsp or copy or other commonly - used entities ) in an XHTML document ( arguably a bug for any document which was not declared to be standalone ) .
Although popular web browsers can now handle this situation correctly ( from the point of view of a Web author ) , there ’s no guarantee that other tools which use non-validating parsers ( which includes a vast swathe of popular XML libraries across most mainstream languages ) will do the same .
This raises a very real risk that an XHTML document , when fed to arbitrary XML tools , will not be interpreted or handled as intended .
Similarly , the Byzantine set of rules which govern the handling of character - encoding information when XHTML documents are sent over HTTP opens up ample opportunities for “ quirky ” behavior .
It ’s quite easy , for example , to produce an XHTML document which is well - formed when read from a local disk but not well - formed when served over HTTP using common default settings for web servers .
Worse : some XML tools will correctly recognize the well - formedness ( or lack thereof ) of such a document , while others will not , introducing uncertainty as to how your documents will be handled .
And this is really just the tip of the iceberg ; the intersection of HTML , XML , HTTP , CSS and the DOM is a pedant ’s paradise , and successfully navigating those waters involves a lot more work than I ’m willing to do just to publish a blog .
Why HTML
Since XHTML does n’t offer any advantages over HTML for what I ’m doing here , and that using XHTML brings up a whole host of potential issues ,
It ’s a less than desirable solution .
Meanwhile , HTML does everything I need , and it does not fall victim to any of XHTML ’s potential problems : it has one style model and one document model , its semantics are not selectively applied according to the type of parser in use and serving HTML over HTTP involves fewer specifications and thus fewer opportunities for frustrating “ quirks ” .
So here I am , publishing valid HTML 4.01 Strict .
As HTML5 — both the specifications and implementations — come to maturity over the next couple of years , I ’ll probably migrate in that direction .
For now , though , I have HTML 4.01 and I ’m happy with it .
DIGG THIS
Politics brings out the worst in everyone , which is one good reason to completely depoliticize society .
This way we can all busy ourselves in productive work or leisure , instead of wasting vast time watching these clowns on television promise the impossible to us .
What we are being offered on television is two flavors of dictatorship .
One party imagines Athens , with fairness and justice for all , international brotherhood and sisterhood , a world free of hate and discrimination in which all wealth is shared and no wealth is made at the expense of nature .
Of course , this is an Athens of their own invention , since the original ’s culture and accomplishments depended on free trade , private ownership , sound money , and low taxes .
What the Democrats are offering is a monstrously larger state that assumes control of all property , the crushing of private initiative , and an end to economic freedom .
Note that they do n’t talk about this .
But that is the core of all their plans for fairness and justice : an increased use of violence in society , and an increased centralization of political power .
Often the person who recommends this path imagines that he will be the dictator , and that his plans alone will prevail .
They do n’t consider that the state they advocate is also wholly capable of doing things that they do not like , like crushing civil liberties and starting wars all over the world .
Note that the left ’s critique of Bush ’s big government is not that it is crushing liberty ; rather , they believe that government power is being used for the wrong purposes .
Another problem with these people : they ca n’t stand capitalism .
They resent the commercial society .
They have not come to terms with the fact that without capitalism , most of the human race would starve to death .
Why do they hate it ?
Because wealth under capitalism will always be unequally distributed .
They favor a different form of dictatorship .
Now to the Republicans , who imagine themselves creating a modern form of Sparta , with military strength and a disciplined citizenry unified in the drive to national greatness , courage , and heroism .
Along with this comes support for national service ( the draft ) and a demand that Congress stop meddling in executive - branch matters .
They also say that they are for free enterprise , but what they really mean is that they support their main constituents who are large corporations dependent on government contracts and privileges .
That goes for the banks and the mortgage companies too , whose interests they defend through a fiat money system that further fuels state growth .
This too is their version of dictatorship .
It is long past time for both of these parties to admit it .
They wo n’t of course , so it is incumbent on the rest of us to at least recognize it for what it is .
It is often said that there is not a dime ’s worth of difference between the parties , but there is little reflection on what precisely they have in common .
It comes down to a love of some version of dictatorship , of which they believe they will be the administrators .
What is the alternative ?
It is pure liberty , a word that is used only as a slogan in public affairs these days .
By liberty , I mean only one kind : a life without badgering from the state .
There is nothing on God ’s green earth that the state can do better than we can as individuals and communities and voluntary associations .
What I mean by liberty is no more or less than firing the state as the administrator of society .
The politicians are forever talking about their plans for us .
We should reject them all , left , right , and center .
Would this leave chaos in its wake ?
Not at all .
It would leave the orderliness of the private property society .
As Mises wrote , “ The truth is that the choice is not between a dead mechanism and a rigid automatism on the one hand and conscious planning on the other hand .
The alternative is not plan or no plan .
The question is : whose planning ?
Should each member of society plan for himself or should the paternal government alone plan for all ?
The issue is not automatism versus conscious action ; it is spontaneous action of each individual versus the exclusive action of the government .
It is freedom versus government omnipotence . ”
Mises wrote those words in 1949 .
People said that he was being hyperbolic , that he was nuts and inflammatory .
Surely our system has nothing in common with the German system we had just fought a war to destroy , and nothing in common with the Russian system that was becoming our new enemy .
But people forget that in the 1930s , it was conventional wisdom that our essential choice was between two forms of dictatorship , socialism or fascism .
People were more open back then , using these words not in a derogatory way .
Here we are all these years later , and we no longer speak with deference toward socialism and fascism as systems of government .
Even so , the intellectual assumptions remain the same .
Watch the conventions with an eye to what the political class wants to do for you .
Everything they promise has a flip side of what they want to do to you .
And the power to do these things has to come from the violence of the state , and using that violence requires a form of total control over government and society .
They may look nice and sweet .
They may claim to love you and your family and community .
But their political ideology is actually steeped in hatred for your liberty and property .
They seek an end to your freedom to seek a better life .
They seek dictatorship .
All the rest is illusion .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
regular use of " broad a " ( /a :/ ) , where GA ( General American ) would use /æ/.
" long o " is pronounced /'u / , where GA uses / ou / .
final unstressed i is pronounced / i/ , where GA uses / i : ) .
t between vowels retained as /t/ ( or a glottal stop , in its variants ) , where GA changes it to /d/ .
Cockney
Originally the dialect of the working class of East End London .
initial h is dropped , so house becomes / aus / ( or even /a :s/ ) .
/th / and / dh/ become / f/ and /v/ respectively : think > / fingk / , brother > / brœv ' /.
t between vowels becomes a glottal stop : water > /wo ?'/.
diphthongs change , sometimes dramatically : time > / toim / , brave > / braiv / , etc .
Besides the accent , it includes a large number of slang words , including the famous rhyming slang :
have a butchers -- take a look [ from butcher 's hook = look ]
north and south -- mouth
plates -- feet [ from plates of meat = feet ]
boat race -- face
skin and blister -- sister
trouble -- wife [ from trouble and strife = wife ]
dustbin lids -- kids / children
whistle -- suit [ from whistle and flute = suit ]
oily rag -- fag = cigarette
jam jar -- car
mince pies -- eyes
pen and ink -- stink
porkies -- lies [ from pork pies = lies ]
titfer -- hat [ from tit for tat = hat ]
apples and pears -- stairs
Jimmy -- urinate [ from Jimmy Riddle = piddle ]
Bertie Woofter -- gay man [ from Bertie Woofter = poofter ]
China -- mate / friend [ from China plate = mate ]
Khyber -- buttocks [ from Khyber Pass = ass ]
rabbit and pork -- talk
tea leaf -- thief
taters -- cold [ from potato mold = cold ]
dog and bone -- phone
loaf -- head [ from loaf of bread = head ]
brown bread -- dead
elbows and knees -- trees
gold watch -- Scotch
pride and joy -- boy
current bun --
Sun
dicky -- shirt [ from dicky dirt = shirt ]
pots and pans -- hands
jugs -- ears [ from jugs of beers = ears ]
ones and twos -- shoes
daisies -- boots [ from daisy roots = boots ]
bird -- prison [ from bird lime = time , as in doing time ] ( from Kryss Katsiavriades at http://www.krysstal.com/cockney.html)
Estuary English
From London down the Thames and into Essex , Sussex , and even Kent , a new working and middle class dialect has evolved and is rapidly become " the " southern dialect .
It combines some of the characteristics of Cockney with RP , but makes much less use of Cockney slang .
t between vowels usually becomes a glottal stop .
/ai/ becomes /oi/ : time > / toim /.
RP yu becomes u : after n , t , d ... as in American English .
ou > u : ( so go becomes / gu : / ) .
RP yu ; becomes u : after n , t , d ... as in American English .
r 's are not dropped .
initial s often becomes z ( singer > zinger ) .
initial f often becomes v ( finger > vinger ) .
vowels are lengthened .
are > am
am , are ( with a continuous sense ) > bin
is not > ay
are not > bay
Brummie is the version of West Midlands spoken in Birmingham .
/œ/ > /u/ , as in luck ( / luk / ) .
/ou/ > /oi/ , as in hole ( / hoil / )
Scouse is the very distinctive Liverpool accent , a version of the Lancashire dialect , that the Beatles made famous .
the tongue is drawn back .
/th / and /dh/ > /t/ and /d/ respectively .
final k sounds like the Arabic q .
for is pronounced to rhyme with fur .
/œ/ > /u/ , as in luck ( / luk / ) .
the is reduced to t' .
initial h is dropped .
was > were .
still use thou ( pronounced / tha / ) and thee .
aught and naught ( pronounced / aut / or / out / and / naut / or / nout / ) are used for anything and nothing .
- er > /æ/ , so father > / fædhæ /.
/ou/ > /o :'/ , so that boat sounds like each letter is pronounced .
talk >
/ta:k/
work > / work /
book >
/bu:k/
my > me
me > us
our > wor
you plural > youse
Wales
Scotland
rolled r's .
" pure " vowels ( /e:/ rather than /ei / , /o:/ rather than / ou / )
/u:/ is often fronted to /ö/ or /ü/ , e.g. boot , good , muin ( moon ) , poor ...
/oi/ , /ai / , and final /ei / > /'i/ , e.g. oil , wife , tide ...
final /ai/ > /i/ , e.g. ee ( eye ) , dee ( die ) , lee ( lie ) ...
/ou/ > /ei/ , e.g. ake ( oak ) , bate ( boat ) , hame ( home ) , stane ( stone ) , gae ( go ) ...
/ au/ > /u:/ , e.g. about , house , cow , now ... ( often spelled oo or u )
/o/ > /a:/ , e.g. saut ( salt ) , law , aw ( all ) ...
/ou/ > /a:/ , e.g. auld ( old ) , cauld ( cold ) , snaw ( snow ) ...
/æ/ > /a/ , e.g. man , lad , sat ...
also : pronounce the ch's and gh's that are silent in standard English as / kh / : nicht , licht , loch ...
Present tense : often , all forms follow the third person singular ( they wis , instead of they were ) .
Past tense ( weak verbs ) : - it after plosives ( big > biggit ) ; -t after n , l , r , and all other unvoiced consonants ( ken > kent ) ; -ed after vowels and all other voiced consonants ( luv > luved ) .
Past tense ( strong verbs ) : come > cam , gang > gaed and many more .
On the other hand , many verbs that are strong in standard English are weak in Scottish English : sell > sellt , tell > tellt , mak > makkit , see > seed , etc .
Past participle is usually the same as the past ( except for many strong verbs , as in standard English )
Present participle : - in ( ken > kennin )
The negative of many auxiliary verbs is formed with - na : am > amna , hae ( have ) > hinna , dae ( do ) > dinna , can > canna , etc .
Irregular plurals : ee > een ( eyes ) , shae > shuin ( shoes ) , coo > kye ( cows ) .
Common diminutives in - ie : lass > lassie , hoose > hoosie ...
Common adjective ending : - lik ( = - ish )
Demonstratives come in four pairs ( singular / plural ) : this / thir , that / thae , thon / thon , yon / yon .
Relative pronouns : tha or at .
Interrogative pronouns : hoo , wha , whan , whase , whaur , whatna , whit .
Each or every is ilka ; each one is ilk ane .
Numbers : ane , twa , three , fower , five , sax , seeven , aucht , nine , ten , aleeven , twal ...
Ireland
r after vowels is retained
" pure " vowels ( /e:/ rather than /ei / , /o:/ rather than / ou / )
/th / and /dh/ > /t/ and /d/ respectively .
Use of be or do in place of usually :
or in place of : I do write ... ( I usually write )
write ... ( I usually write )
Use of after for the progressive perfect and pluperfect :
for the progressive perfect and pluperfect : I was after getting married ( I had just gotten married )
getting married ( I had just gotten married )
Use of progressive beyond what is possible in standard English :
I was thinking it was in the drawer
it was in the drawer Use of the present or past for perfect and pluperfect :
She ’s dead these ten years ( she has been dead ... )
Use of let you be and do n’t be as the imperative :
and as the imperative :
Do n’t be troubling yourself
troubling yourself
Use of it is and it was at the beginning of a sentence :
and at the beginning of a sentence : it was John has the good looks in the family
John has the good looks in the family Is it marrying her you want ?
marrying her you want ?
Substitute and for when or as :
for or :
It only struck me and you going out of the door
you going out of the door Substitute the infinitive verb for that or if :
or : Imagine such a thing to be seen here !
seen here !
Drop if , that , or whether :
, , or :
Tell me did you see them
Statements phrased as rhetorical questions :
Is n’t he the fine - looking fellow ?
Extra uses of the definite article :
He was sick with the jaundice
jaundice Unusual use of prepositions :
Sure there ’s no daylight in it at all now
Australian English
billibong -- watering hole
coolabah -- a type of tree
corroboree -- a ceremony
nulla - nulla -- a club
wallaby -- small kangaroo
wombat -- a small marsupial
woomera -- a weapon
wurley -- a simple shelter
billy -- tin pot for making tea
cooee -- call used in the outback
dingo -- native dog
jackeroo -- young station hand
joey -- young kangaroo
jumbuck -- sheep
matilda -- backpack
never - never -- the far outback
squatter -- rancher
station -- ranch
swagman -- bushman or tramp
tucker -- food
Like a greasespot -- hot and sweaty
Like a stunned mullet -- in a daze
Like a dog ’s breakfast -- a mess
Up a gumtree -- in trouble
Mad as a gumtree full of galahs -- insane
Happy as a bastard on Fathers ’ Day -- very happy
Dry as a dead dingo ’s donger -- very dry indeed
aussie -- Australian
chalky -- teacher
chewie -- chewing gum
chockie -- chocoloate
coldie -- a cold beer
cossie -- swimming costume ( swimsuit )
footy -- football ( Australian rules , of course )
frenchie -- condom
frostie -- a cold beer
garbo -- garbage man
lavvy -- lavatory
lippie -- lipstick
lollies -- sweets
mossie -- mosquito
mushies -- mushrooms
oldies -- one ’s parents
rellies -- one ’s relatives
sammie -- sandwich
sickie -- sick day
smoko -- cigarette break
sunnies -- sunglasses
New Zealand
South Africa
i - as in bit is pronounced 'uh '
long /a:/ in words like ' past ' , ' dance '
t in middle of words pronounced as d's ( ' pretty ' becomes '/ pridi :/ ')
donga - ditch , from Xhosa
dagga - marijuana , from Xhoixhoi ( ? )
kak - bullshit , from Afrikaans
fundi - expert , from Xhosa and Zulu umfundi ( student ) .
Canada
/ ai / and / au/ become / œi/ and / œu/ , respectively .
/th / and /dh/ > /t/ and /d/ respectively .
am , is , are > be's
I like , we like , etc. >
I likes , we likes , etc .
Southern English engages in r-dropping , that is , r's are not pronounced after vowels , unless followed by another vowel .
Instead , vowels are lengthened or have an /'/ off - glide , so fire becomes / fai ' / , far becomes / fa :/ , and so on .
The English of well - bred Londoners , especially graduates of the public schools ( e.g. Eton and Harrow ) and " Oxbridge " universities , was the origin of " the Queen 's English , " also known as ( RP ) , BBC , or " posh .
" This dialect is very similar to the Southern : The dialect of the East Midlands , once filled with interesting variations from county to county , is now predominantly RP .
R's are dropped , but h's are pronounced .
The only signs that differentiate it from RP : This is the dialect of Ozzie Osbourne !
While pronunciation is not that different from RP , some of the vocabulary is : This dialect , spoken north and east of Liverpool , has the southern habit of dropping r's .
Other features :
The Yorkshire dialect is known for its sing - song quality , a little like Swedish , and retains its r's .
The Northern dialect closely resembles the southern - most Scottish dialects .
It retains many old Scandinavian words , such as bairn for child , and not only keeps its r's , but often rolls them .
The most outstanding version is , the dialect of the Newcastle area .
Welsh English is characterized by a sing - song quality and lightly rolled r's .
It has been strongly influenced by the Welsh language , although it is increasingly influenced today by standard English , due to the large number of English people vacationing and retiring there .
Scotland actually has more variation in dialects than England !
The variations do have a few things in common , though , besides a large particularly Scottish vocabulary :
There are several " layers " of Scottish English .
Most people today speak standard English with little more than the changes just mentioned , plus a few particular words that they themselves view as normal English , such as to jag ( to prick ) and burn ( brook ) .
In rural areas , many older words and grammatical forms , as well as further phonetic variations , still survive , but are being rapidly replaced with more standard forms .
But when a Scotsman ( or woman ) wants to show his pride in his heritage , he may resort to quite a few traditional variations in his speech .
First , the phonetics : Plus , the grammar :
And finally , the many unique words : lass , bairn ( child ) , kirk ( church ) , big ( build ) , bonny , greet ( weep ) , ingle ( household fire ) , aye ( yes ) , hame ( home ) ...
As you can see , Scottish English in its original glory is as near to being different language as one can get , rather than simply another dialect of English .
See Clive P L Young 's Scots Haunbuik at http://www.electricscotland.com/tourist/sh_gram.htm for more detail .
There are also several urban dialects , particularly in Glasgow and Edinburgh .
The thick dialect of the working class of Edinburgh can be heard in the movieIn the Highlands , especially the Western Islands , English is often people 's second language , the first being Scottish Gaelic .
Highland English is pronounced in a lilting fashion with pure vowels .
It is , actually , one of the prettiest varieties of English I have ever heard .
English was imposed upon the Irish , but they have made it their own and have contributed some of our finest literature .
Irish English is strongly influenced by Irish Gaelic : The sentence structure of Irish English often borrows from the Gaelic : As with the English of the Scottish Highlands , the English of the west coast of Ireland , where Gaelic is still spoken , is lilting , with pure vowels .
It , too , is particularly pretty .
Australian English is predominantly British English , and especially from the London area .
R’s are dropped after vowels , but are often inserted between two words ending and beginning with vowels .
The vowels reflect a strong “ Cockney ” influence :
The long a ( / ei / ) tends towards a long i ( / ai / ) , so pay sounds like pie to an American ear .
The long i ( / ai / ) , in turn , tends towards oi , so cry sounds like croy .
Ow sounds like it starts with a short a ( /æ/ ) .
Other vowels are less dramatically shifted .
Even some rhyming slang has survived into Australlian English : Butcher ’s means look ( butcher ’s hook ) ; hit and miss means piss ; loaf means head ( loaf of bread ) ;
Noah ’s ark means shark ; Richard the third means turd , and so on .
Like American English has absorbed numerous American Indian words , Australian English has absorbed many Aboriginal words : ... not to mention such ubiquitous words as kangaroo , boomerang , and koala !
Aborigine and colonialist myths blended easily , and there are a number of fearsome creatures .
For example , the bunyip lives near bilibongs and eats children .
Also living in bilibongs is the mindi , a hairy snake .
A yowie is the Australian version of Sasquatch .
And the min-min light is their version of a will - o- the - wisp .
Many common words refer to the traditions of the bushman or bushie -- the early explorers and settlers of the outback ( wilderness ) .
You can find many of these in Australia ’s national song , Waltzing Matilda .
Colorful expressions also abound : Another characteristic of Australian English is abbreviated words , often ending in -y , - ie , or - o : And , of course , there are those peculiarly Australian words and expressions , such as g’day ( guhdoy to American ears ) , crikey , fair dinkum , no worries , Oz , Pavlova , and Vegemite !
New Zealand English is heard by Americans as " Ozzie Light . "
The characteristics of Australian English are there to some degree , but not as intensely .
The effect for Americans is uncertainty as to whether the person is from England or Australia .
One clue is that New Zealand English sounds " flatter " ( less modulated ) than either Australian or British English and more like western American English .
South African English is close to RP but often with a Dutch influence .
English as spoken by Afrikaaners is more clearly influenced by Dutch pronunciation .
Just like Australian and American English , there are numberous words adopted from the surrounding African languages , especially for native species of animals and plants .
As spoken by black South Africans for whom it is not their first language , it often reflects the pronunciation of their Bantu languages , with purer vowels .
Listen , for example , to Nelson Mandela or Bishop Tutu .
Alan Millar of South Africa wrote me with some additional information : Dialects also varies slightly from east to west :
In Natal ( in western South Africa ) , / ai/ is pronounced /a:/ , so that why is pronounced /wa :/.
On top of all this , the dialects of the ethnic group referred to in South Africa as " Coloured " ( i.e. of mixed racial backgrounds ) have a dialect quite distinct from the dialects of " white " South Africans .
Alan also suggests that South African has a " flatter " ( less modulated ) sound , similar to that of New Zealand as contrasted with Australian English .
Canadian English is generally similar to northern and western American English .
The one outstanding characteristic is called Canadian rising : Americans can listen to the newscaster Peter Jennings -- one of the best voices on the telly ! -- for these sounds .
One unusual characteristic found in much Canadian casual speech is the use of sentence final " eh ? " even in declarative sentences .
Most Canadians retain r's after vowels , but in the Maritimes , they drop their r's , just like their New England neighbors to the south .
Newfoundland has a very different dialect , called Newfie , that seems to be strongly influenced by Irish immigrants :
Image via Wikipedia
As I sat with my young son on the couch watching the " plot " of our first episode of the new Transformers : Animated series unfold , I could n't help but state the obvious .
" This is pretty freakin ' lame , " I said .
He simply smiled and pointed out a Dinobot .
He 's three .
Dinosaurs are an easy sell .
As are robots .
Particularly when they 're brightly colored .
Pat Benatar sang that hell is for children , and so , I say , are poorly conceived re-imaginings of classic toy franchises .
That 's not to say that even our beloved Transformers : Generation 1 was without fault .
In fact , far from it .
Each iteration of the titular " Robots in Disguise " has seen its share of missteps .
Even after suspending our disbelief to allow for talking androids that turn into cars , the Transformers universe still managed to throw us some unapologetic curves , some wholly ill - conceived characters .
Do n't believe it ?
Allow me to elucidate .
Cosmos ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
In a rush to head off some sort of high - tech gas crisis , the Autobots crash landed on prehistoric Earth .
After being reawakened some 4 million years later by a volcanic eruption , the indestructible TRS - 80 that served as their heap 's intergalactic GPS chose alternate forms for these space robots to assume so as to blend in with contemporary Earth machines .
And yet somehow Cosmos ended up transforming into a flying saucer .
' Cause , y'know , that 's totally inconspicuous .
Waspinator ( Beast Wars )
The mid 90's saw a Transformers relaunch of a different kind .
The Beast Wars series recast Autobots and Decepticons as the more organic Maximals and Predacons .
Moreover , it saw the introduction of Waspinator , the robot equivalent of South Park 's Kenny McCormick .
He existed simply to be blown up , maimed , crushed , mutilated , and occasionally possessed .
It 's hard out there for a quasi- literate bug - machine .
Hit the jump for more technological tragedy .
Kup ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
Kup , for those lucky few who have forgotten , was the grumpy old fart of an Autobot that transformed into Cybertron 's answer to the Sanford and Son Salvage truck .
He was introduced in Transformers : The Movie after a planning session that , I imagine , went something like this :
Guy # 1 - " Our data indicates that the Transformers have yet to capture that key octogenarian demographic .
Maybe we should add an old robot to the mix . "
Guy # 2 – " Okay , but only if we can name him after an athletic supporter . "
Arcee ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
Another vanity character from the original Transformers movie was Arcee .
She was the Autobot with simulated lipstick and metal Princess Leia hair .
I can only assume female Transformers were worked into the mythos because the animators desperately wanted an excuse to draw metal bosoms .
Their inclusion brings up a number of questions that best remain unanswered .
Deszaras ( Transformers : Victory )
This obsession with robo - boobs would not be fully realized until the release of 1989's Japanese spin- off Transformers : Victory .
The Decepticon leader in that series was Deszaras , a monstrous robot bird that hated adult humans but had a soft spot for kids .
Creepy .
Deszaras further differentiated himself from the Megatrons of the world by commanding the ultra-elite Decepticon Breast Force , and I 'm totally not making that part up .
Heinlad ( Beast Wars Neo )
The Japanese series Beast Wars Neo produced some of the strangest characters in Transformers history .
But in a world of robot giraffes , mammoths , ammonites , bunnies , and penguins , Heinlad stood out as the most laughable .
Part magic raccoon , part alarm clock , part … oversized testicles , Heinlad still holds the dubious title of being the only Transformers action figure to ever come with a jug of wine in his accessory kit .
Huffer ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
Why did someone name an Autobot after your college dorm mate with a thing for airplane glue ?
( We can safely assume this was from the same brain trust that gave us " Kup . " )
Huffer fulfilled an important role in the Transformers universe as the consummate pessimist , teaching children that no matter how well crafted your latest project may be , it will surely be destroyed by renegade Decepticons .
The more you know !
Ultra Magnus ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
While touted as the model solder and paragon of Autobot virtue , Ultra Magnus is better known as the jackass who lost the Matrix of Leadership , and then , once it was recovered , decided it would be a pretty cool idea to just let some teenage punk keep it instead .
Those , my friends , are what we call leadership chops !
It is also of note that Ultra Magnus taught a generation of children that swearing is cool .
Fire Convoy ( Transformers : Car Robots )
In the States we called the Transformers anime of the early 2000's Transformers : Robots in Disguise .
In Japan they called it Transformers : Car Robots .
And the gross oversimplifications did n't stop there .
While we called the Autobot leader , this time in the guise of a fire engine , Optimus Prime , they called him Fire Convoy .
Yep , there 's surely no better vehicle for fighting the forces of evil than a fire truck .
Assuming that these " forces of evil " operate entirely within the realms of arson and trapping unsuspecting cats in very tall trees .
Shockwave ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
Remember that kid on the playground that no one liked but you had to play with because your mom told you everybody needs a friend ?
Remember how you 'd always leave him at the monkey bars to " guard the base " while you and your real friends went out to raid the super - fast slide ?
Yeah , in Decepticon circles they call that kid " the Shockwave . "
He turned into a giant laser pistol , which sounds wicked cool in theory , but when you consider the fact that he spent his 4 million years as the supreme Decepticon commander of Cybertron doing nothing save steadily burning through the planet 's remaining power reserves , you sort of get a feel for how unmotivated a robot he really was .
But he did go on to help Megatron create the Space Bridge used to transport Earth - made Energon back to the motherland , so at least he was able to secure a sweet job in the Shipping and Receiving department .
Ratbat ( Transformers : Gen 1 )
For the record , Soundwave only had three cassette tape minions of note : Laserbeak , Rumble , and Ravage .
All the rest were robotic Redshirts .
The chief offender amongst these miniature malcontents was Ratbat , a character so superfluous as to lack even a proper name .
The sole reason for his existence seems to be to bump Kup and Huffer each one slot down on this list .
Congratulations , Ratbat , your full potential has been realized .
Frenzy ( Transformers )
When rumors of a live - action Transformers movie began to surface , the first thing on everyone mind was that all - important question : Will Soundwave be in it ?
The second thing on everyone 's mind being :
Oh hell , Michael Bay is directing it ; this can't end well .
And it did n’t .
Producer Don Murphy let it be known early in development that the type of drastic shift in mass demonstrated by Soundwave 's original transformation ( to that of the aforementioned cassette recorder ) would n't fly due to concerns over realism .
And honestly , who wants a film about English - speaking robots from outer space to be dogged with unrealistic special effects ?
Instead it was leaked that Soundwave would transform into a helicopter .
A negative fan reaction led to this character being renamed Vortex , who was later rechristened Blackout .
The Soundwave character was then recast as the late Estelle Getty , then as a sack full of marbles , and later retooled as a cardboard cutout of Spuds MacKenzie the Original Party Animal .
( No , not really . )
Eventually the character was dropped altogether in favor of Frenzy , a four - foot tall over - caffeinated collection of tin foil and mechanical pencils that served the vital role as the film 's Jar Jar Binks .
Additional suck - points have been awarded to the character , Bay , Murphy , and the film 's script writing team for saddling this CGI mistake with the recycled name of another of Soundwave 's second - tier tape - bots , better known as " the - one - that 's - not - Rumble . "
Could Vista fail ?
Friday , August 08 , 2008 by Dave Winer .
I was thinking about Vista yesterday when I was working on my Asus Eee PC , getting it ready to be my media workstation during the Democratic Convention later this month .
I was having a bunch of problems with XP , one of which was related to the fact that it came of age before wifi did .
The helptext and troubleshooting guide that 's built into the system make no mention of wireless configuration , beyond a confusing wizard that creates a wireless network that emanates from my computer ( I think that 's what it does , I 've gotten lost in it many times over the years , and the terminology it uses is incredible weird and IT - ish ) .
XP has no help to offer when you 're trying to figure out why there 's no icon in the Network Properties window for wireless .
( The manual for the Eee PC has less of an excuse , it was written way after wifi existed . )
This got me thinking about Vista , and why this computer came with XP , and why I would n't have bought it if it came with Vista .
Why ?
Why wo n't I try Vista ?
There are a lot of specific reasons which I 'll touch on , but first , the main reason is this : Vista has the smell of death .
I do n't believe Vista will be around much longer .
I do n't want to be one of those people who has a computer that runs Vista , anymore than I wanted to use OS / 2 when Windows 3.x was in its heyday .
I remembered too well what it was like to use an Apple III when it failed to take over , as expected , from the Apple II .
Operating systems can fail , and Vista shows every indication that it is one of those operating systems .
Now , what led to this feeling ?
Well let 's work backwards .
1 . They are running a campaign to try to prove , despite what people believe , that Vista really is a great operating system .
They can try to appeal to our intellect , but it only validates the gut feeling that something is very wrong .
The only way I 'm convinced something is hot is if I hear from people using it how hot it is , all the time , repeatedly .
I know one or two people who use Vista , and mostly they say it 's okay , no one says it 's great .
2 . I think Microsoft is in bed with Hollywood , and when they improve an OS they 're adding more locks and security cameras for the entertainment industry to control us and spy on us .
I like computers that mind their own business and work for me , not The Man .
If Microsoft came out with a marketing program for Vista that said " This is your operating system , not ours or Hollywood 's " -- that would catch my attention .
( They are n't saying that , and I do n't think they can . )
Update : Netflix 's DRM Turned Me Into a Pirate .
3 . Microsoft lost me , bigtime , over their lack of defenses against malware .
It was when I switched to Macintosh that I realized how painful Windows had become .
4 . Vista was troubled in development ( it was called Longhorn ) , kept being delayed , people that worked on it were n't enthusiastic , their marketers kept saying it had killer features , but never could say what they were and they never materialized .
5 . Everything is happening in the web browser now , and Microsoft completely dropped the ball there .
I use Firefox now , and I have very little interest in an OS designed to run IE better .
6 . And finally , there is no demand for new operating systems .
Little improvements , tweaks , defenses against new malware , support for new gadgets , that 's what we need from OS vendors .
The days of excitement happening in OSes is long past .
I do n't believe Apple can deliver there either , btw .
Just keep it working , that 's your main job , no one is going to be blown away by new stuff in the OS .
Update :
As always an interesting discussion has started on FriendFeed .
Another thing -- in the 90s , before blogging was big , Microsoft had a big outreach program to build buzz around its products .
It was really impressive .
Now that blogging is established -- nothing -- silence .
Esp when there 's so much buzz around Apple , this may be the biggest mistake they 're making with Vista .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories :
Dave Winer , 53 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
Dave Winer
My most recent trivia on Twitter .
Error code 0x8007041d indicates that “ the service did not respond to the start or check request in a timely manner ” during the Windows update process .
The malfunction can be caused by one of the following factors :
Restricted access rights to Windows Update Services or
have not been configured correctly .
Domain policies or proxy settings block access to the application .
Windows Update Service .
Open Windows Services Manager
To open the Windows Service Manager on a Windows 10 computer , follow these steps :
Right - click the Start button to open the WinX menu .
Select Run
In the Run window that opens , enter services.msc .
Windows Service Manager will open .
This is where you can start , stop , disable and suspend Windows services .
Let ’s see how to do this in more detail .
Right - click the Start button to open the WinX menu .
Select Run .
This opens the Run window .
Now type services.msc and press Enter to open Service Manager .
Here , in the “ Name ” column , you can see a list of services running on your system and their descriptions .
You can also view their status – started or stopped – and startup types .
Run SFC scannow in Windows 10
SFC is a DOS command that is mainly used in conjunction with the SCANNOW switch separated by a /.
SFC / SCANNOW is used to detect corrupted or missing files in Windows 10 and automatically repair them .
To use the SFC command on Windows , an elevated Command Prompt must be open .
If your Windows 10 PC wo n’t boot and you want to run a command from the outside , you need to boot your PC from Windows 10 bootable media and open a command prompt from there .
You can use the SFC / SCANNOW command to scan your Windows 10 computer for errors and fix them automatically as follows :
Turn on your Windows 10 computer and log in with an administrator account .
When the desktop screen appears , right - click the Start button .
From the context menu , select Command Prompt ( Admin ) .
In the User Account Control confirmation box , click Yes to confirm your action .
Wait for the Admin Command Line UI to open .
In the Admin : Command Prompt window , type SFC / SCANNOW and press Enter .
In the command window , enter SFC / SCANNOW and press Enter .
Wait until Windows 10 has successfully scanned for missing or corrupted files and the problems are automatically resolved .
When you ’re done , close the command window and click Next on the Select an option window .
Wait for Windows 10 to start normally before using it .
Check the related Windows Update services .
To Mr. Galenson markets are what make the 20th century completely different from other eras for art .
In earlier periods artists created works for rich patrons generally in the court or the church , which functioned as a monopoly .
Only in the 20th century did art enter the marketplace and become a commodity , like a stick of butter or an Hermès bag .
In this system , he said , breaking the rules became the most valued attribute .
The greatest rewards went to conceptual innovators who frequently changed styles and invented genres .
For the first time the idea behind the work of art became more important than the physical object itself .
Economists , of course , have turned their attention to the art world before .
Thorstein Veblen , in his 1899 classic , “ Theory of the Leisure Class , ” discussed how the newly moneyed turned everything , including art , into elements of conspicuous consumption .
But over all , economic theories of art are still relatively rare .
In the preface to his 2000 book “ Creative Industries , ” the Harvard economist Richard E. Caves said that decades earlier he had come up with the idea but “ thought it best postponed to a time when my reputation for professional seriousness could more comfortably be placed at risk . ”
In 2002 Mr. Galenson discussed his theories about creativity in the book “ Painting Outside the Lines . ”
Then , two years ago , he published “ Old Masters and Young Geniuses : The Two Life Cycles of Artistic Creativity , ” arguing that young innovators have a flash of inspiration that upends the existing order in an instant .
There are old geniuses too , he said , but their approach is vastly different .
They are what he labeled “ experimentalists , ” who develop their work gradually through years of trial and error .
His theory of creativity was based in part on examining auction prices .
His approach was hailed by some as a breakthrough , and this spring he was awarded a Guggenheim fellowship to pursue his research .
Pakistan ’s Gun Markets August 6 , 2008
As I said in my Article about the Afghan Army to be equipped with M16s the tribal areas in Pakistan have a big weapon industry consisting of small workshops with kids building weapons with their bare hands .
( Just imagine all those child labour protesters going to some shack in Pakistan complaining to a bearded Pushtun about his work policies ) .
I found this video on youtube :
In this documentary a reporter goes into the tribal areas – which is a pretty dangerous thing if you know what they do to reporters and foreigners they do n’t like – and takes a look at a weapon bazaar in a Pakistani town .
The guys running the market and the workshops are Pashtuns as the Taliban in Afghanistan .
His travel guide notes that " The people of this area believe , ' Many sons and a lot of guns . ' "
The perfect ingredients for War .
Funny that the deaf and dumb guy actually fakes the Chinese : " Made As China " .
So does anybody wonders why they were able to defeat so many great Armies ?
Oral arguments in House Judiciary contempt lawsuit set for Monday
House Democrats will get their day in court on Monday as a federal judge hears oral arguments in a groundbreaking lawsuit over the limits of executive privilege .
Irv Nathan , the House general counsel , will present the Judiciary Committee ’s case in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia as the panel seeks to enforce subpoenas to White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers .
The Judiciary Committee issued subpoenas last year to Bolten and Miers as part of the panel 's investigation into the firing of nine U.S. attorneys in 2006 .
Judiciary Committee Democrats are seeking information from on the White House 's role in the firings , but President Bush , asserting executive privilege , has refused to make senior aides available for questioning under oath by congressional investigators or turn over a " privilege log " of documents being withheld .
House lawyers argue that , in refusing to allow Bolten and Miers to even appear before the Judiciary Committee in order to assert executive privilege , the Bush administration is seeking to expand presidential power in a dramatic fashion , one that cannot go unchallenged by Congress
Carl J. Nichols , the principal deputy associate attorney general , will argue the case for the White House .
The Justice Department , representing Bolten and Miers , claims that the president has " absolute immunity " in resisting subpoenas issued to top aides .
A number of watchdog groups have filed briefs in support of the House Judiciary Committee , while House Republicans have filed a brief arguing that the issue is not yet ready for judicial review and the Democrats ' lawsuit should be dismissed .
District Judge John Bates , a Bush appointee , has agreed to expedite the case as Democrats seek a decision by August in order to finish their probe before Congress adjourns for the year .
However , legal experts believe the side that loses on the district court level will appeal the ruling , meaning the case is unlikely to be decided before Bush leaves office in January 2009 .
People who fall for so - called " Nigerian scams " are n't victims at all — in fact , they 're greedy and should be jailed , according to Nigerian high commissioner Sunday Olu Agbi .
He said today that Nigeria has gained a bad reputation because of the scams perpetrated by a minuscule number of people , and that those who find themselves involved with the scams are equally as guilty as those running them .
" The Nigerian Government frowns very seriously on these scams ... and every day tries to track down those who are involved , " Olu Agbi told the Sydney Morning Herald in response to a previous article on Australians falling for Nigerian scams .
" People who send their money are as guilty as those who are asking them to send the money . "
Out of the 140 million people in Nigeria , Olu Agbi said that fewer than 0.1 percent were involved in Nigerian scams .
The scams , also referred to as 419 scams or advance - fee fraud , predate the Internet , but have exploded in recent years thanks to the proliferation of e-mail and instant money transfers .
Although the scams can take on many forms — from payments for products sold on eBay or Craigslist , to deposits on houses and purchases of plane tickets for " true love " on the other side of the ocean — they all follow the same general theme .
Scammers send huge checks to unsuspecting victims with some story attached to explain the overpayment , and the victim is expected to wire back the difference immediately .
Eventually when the checks are deposited , they bounce and the victim is out a lot of money .
Sometimes , victims are tricked into thinking they 'll eventually be paid back and continue to participate in this endless cycle of sending money , especially if the scammer is wooing them romantically ( which happens more commonly than one might think , to both men and women ) .
Although this kind of fraud originates from all over the world , it seems to have an unusually high concentration in Africa and , specifically , Nigeria .
This has , unsurprisingly , cast Nigeria in a negative light .
Olu Agbi said that Nigeria 's reputation for being involved with the scams has even hurt the country 's ability to land business deals .
" [ T ] hose who want to transact business with us are always very suspicious , " he told the newspaper .
Still , Olu Agbi's " blame the victim " mentality wo n't help Nigeria win any friends , but education on how to spot 419 scams and avoid falling for them can certainly go a long way in curbing their growth .
After all , once victims stop blindly forking over cash , scammers will have to figure out some other way to make money .
If you are searching for signs that today ’s high food prices wo n’t last , the latest report on the meat industry is n’t promising .
In May , a distinguished panel of scientists and meat industry officials concluded that the current “ factory farm ” method for mass - producing meat poses so many threats to public health -- from contaminated water supplies to deadly epidemics of E. coli E. coli -- that the whole system needs to go .
The good news :
Even meat companies agree that change is unavoidable .
The bad news : Replacing factory farms with something “ sustainable ” likely means an end to 50 years of falling meat prices .
The report , from a Pew Charitable Trusts commission , takes a hard look at “ confined animal feeding operations , ” or CAFOs , which produce most of the U.S. meat supply .
These massive facilities house tens of thousands of cattle , hogs and chickens and generate not just huge amounts of meat but rivers of sewage , clouds of contaminated dust and nearly a fifth of all greenhouse gases .
The crowded , often unsanitary conditions promote disease , which has led to the overuse of antibiotics and to a class of superbugs that are resistant to those same antibiotics .
Even the modern corn - based livestock diet causes problems .
It makes meat fattier and may have helped some strains of the E. coli bacteria evolve from benign microbe to one of the deadliest pathogens in the food supply .
And , of course , to grow all the grain we now feed our livestock , we ’ve converted much of the Midwest into a huge corn and soybean plantation .
The only solution , the report concludes , is to replace the giant factory farms with models such as “ free - range ” operations that give animals more space and use different methods of feeding , sewage disposal and medical treatment .
And that ’s where things get tricky , because most of the practices the industry is being asked to abandon have been pivotal in making meat cheap .
Advertisement
For example , grazing cattle on pasture grass would probably mean less disease and leaner meat , not to mention happier cows .
But because the mega - farms confine livestock specifically to restrict animals from moving ( and thus burning calories unnecessarily ) , and because corn is more calorie - dense than grass , CAFO - raised animals fatten faster and thus more cheaply .
Likewise , reducing antibiotics in meat production , though it may improve our health , will deprive the industry of the meat equivalent of Miracle Gro .
Because small , steady doses of antibiotics kill the low - grade infections that normally plague livestock , dosed animals spend fewer calories fighting infection and thus have more calories available for building muscle and bone .
When fed antibiotics , livestock can grow 25 % faster on the same intake of feed -- a critical point , given that feed is a meat companies ’ biggest cost .
Of course , we ’ve long known that our meat miracle was n’t quite a free lunch .
Yet we were willing to overlook the negatives because CAFOs made meat so abundant and cheap .
Since 1960 , for example , U.S. poultry output has jumped sevenfold while the price per pound , adjusted for inflation , has fallen by two - thirds .
Prices for beef and pork also have fallen precipitously .
And as we exported CAFOs to other countries , the entire world began to benefit from falling meat prices and rising dietary standards .
Advertisement
But as the downsides of factory farming have grown too large to ignore , we ’ve had to admit that our meat is cheap only because we do n’t count all the costs :
Taxpayers spend $ 4.1 billion cleaning up livestock sewage leaks and $ 2.5 billion treating salmonella .
All told , according to the Union of Concerned Scientists , CAFOs may be costing taxpayers $ 38 billion a year -- costs that are n’t reflected in the retail price of meat .
If cheap meat is an illusion , will meat produced under better conditions necessarily be more expensive ?
Probably , even figuring in the savings in environmental and public health costs .
Today , ground beef from grass - fed cattle -- which would meet the goals in the Pew report -- sells for about a $ 1 a pound more than hamburger from a CAFO cow , while grass - fed beefsteaks are $ 7 more .
Poultry and pork raised “ sustainably ” are also more expensive than their factory - farmed counterparts .
Some of that price difference will narrow in the future as meat producers refine a post -CAFO production model ; even now , a small hog farm , if efficiently managed , can boast lower per-pig costs than the average mega - farm 10 times its size .
The Pew commission argues that if taxpayers are willing to support small and medium producers with incentives such as accelerated tax depreciation and tax credits , the cost to consumers might be further reduced .
Advertisement
But do n’t expect to end CAFOs and keep super - cheap meat .
Sustainably fed animals take longer to reach slaughter weight , thus reducing a farmer ’s annual output .
Likewise , shifting from confined operations to a “ free - range ” model will require more land , at a time when farm acres are already in short supply .
All of which means we wo n’t be able to produce nearly as much meat as we used to , and a smaller meat supply means higher prices .
Paying more is n’t what consumers want to hear just now .
But when it comes to food , we ’re beginning to learn that cheaper may not always be better .
Paul Roberts ’ newest book , “ The End of Food , ” was published in June .
Click to viewJust in time for the DVD version of Iron Man 's origins hitting stores , Marvel Comics are planning to show you how Tony Stark 's crime - fighting career concludes with the November - released Iron Man : The End by fan - favorite IM creators Bob Layton and David Michelinie .
Find out how long Stark plans to use his repulsor rays before rusting , and see some more preview art from the comic , under the jump .
Advertisement
Co-writer and inker Layton ( Michelinie scripts the comic , and Bernard Chang pencils ) explained the idea behind the comic on his website :
Decades in the future , a 70 +
Tony Stark is overseeing his ultimate project of his lauded career - the completion of Earth 's first commercial space elevator , whose inauguration will change the world 's economy and the future of space exploration forever .
However , not everyone is looking forward to this project 's launch with the same enthusiasm as the head of Stark Universal .
Sinister forces are at work , behind - the - scenes , to insure that Stark 's pinnacle scientific achievement ends in disaster .
Advertisement
Damn ,
Tony looks good for someone over 70 .
Iron Man : The End Preview [ BobLayton.com ]
The kitchen of the year 2000 is the subject of this crazy little film from 1957 , produced in connection with the " Paris Exhibition of the Future . "
Shopping channels and microwave ovens make an appearance , as do pop -up cutlery and dish racks , a glass refrigerator , and an automatic recipe station that runs on IBM cards , all narrated in Czech with fabulously fractured English subtitles .
Advertisement
" However , we are satisfied that Unity are following the right procedures in dealing with this and that they will take appropriate disciplinary action against the individuals in question if the allegations prove to be correct . "
ISSUE 11
OUT NOW !
Nude Magazine issue 11 : Featuring 100 pages of countercultural goodness in full colour and on high quality art paper .
IN THE CURRENT ISSUE ...
GOGOL BORDELLO
Our man on the scene Swax McIver went on the road and got up close and personal with this band , in whose case for once you CAN believe the hype .
He tells his story in words and pictures .
VERONIQUE DOREY
Our brilliant cover artist .
She 's been beavering away on this stuff in secret for years now .
We 're among the first to show it .
SONIC YOUTH
An exclusive interview and photo shoot with Kim Gordon of this iconic band .
MARTIN MILLAR
One of the UK's best authors talks to Nude about his new novel ' Lonely Werewolf girl ' , happiness , pop tarts and his experience of agoraphobia .
ASOBI SEKSU
Means ' strange sex ' in Japanese apparently .
Their beautiful singer gives the lowdown from her little black book .
OUTSIDER MUSIC
We talk to Dean Deacon and Ralph Gean .
Very different musicians in every way .
FANTAGRAPHICS
This influential publisher has brought the work of the world 's best comic artists to the masses .
From Dan Clowes to the Hernandez brothers .
We pay homage to them on their 30th birthday .
JEFFREY BROWN
His small illustrated books of autobiographical angst have touched us for years .
So we met up with him …
BONFIRE OF THE BRANDS
One day last year Neil Boorman decided to set fire to all of his branded possessions and live a brand - free life .
We found out why .
MAFIA MEALS
Long term US prisoner Seth Ferranti writes about his experiences of mafia dinner parties in jail .
Turns out those scenes in Goodfellas are true after all .
PLUS Beautiful losers , Cathi Unsworth , adventures in stereo .
music , film , book reviews and more .
All this for only £ 3.50 if you buy it from this site .
Click here to go to the BUY IT page .
Buy the current issue here .
View our back issues here .
Or subscribe here .
J.R. / Jones Report | May 30 , 2008
Dr. Carroll Quigley , a highly respected professor of history at the Foreign Service School of Georgetown University for 28 - years , revealed in his 1348 page magnum opus , Tragedy and Hope ( 1966 ) , the nefarious goal of Cecil Rhodes ’ secret society calling for an American Union , coming to fruition today as the “ North American Union . ”
From 1884 to about 1915 , according Dr. Quigley , the members of The Rhodes Secret Society exhaustively worked at extending the British Empire and forming a federal system .
The Rhodes Secret Society was “ constantly harping on the lessons to be learned from the failure of the American Revolution and the success of the Canadian federation of 1867 , and hoped to federate the various parts of the empire as seemed feasible , then confederate the whole of it , with the United Kingdom , into a single organization …( hoping ) to bring the United States into this organization to whatever degree was possible …( making ) Washington the capital of the whole organization or allow parts of the empire to become states of the American Union ( emphasis added .
Below see scan copy of page 133 of Tragedy and Hope ) . ”
It is interesting to note that , despite an aversion by The Rhodes Secret Society towards the success of our American Revolution accentuating a victory for sovereignty and freedom predicated upon a Constitutional Republic , the Rhodes Secret Society was willing to adhere to diplomacy by deception in order to confederate independent nations into a single federation or union disregarding the sovereignty of nations .
Diplomacy by deception continues to be adhered to by the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) under the patronage and guidance of the Rockefellers .
It is of utmost importance to understand the deeply rooted genesis in the world of foreign affairs as the Royal Institute for International Affairs ( RIIA ) headquartered at Chatham House , St. James Square , London , is the “ mother ” of the American Council of Foreign Relations ( CFR ) .
Dr. Quigley attributes the success of The Rhodes Secret Society to their effectiveness in concealing its existence .
Its members ’ preference was to maintain a stealthy appearance with a series of overlapping circles or rings partly concealed by being hidden behind formally organized groups of no obvious political significance and avoiding an appearance of being an integrated group .
Dr. Quigley provides a lengthy roster and structure of A Tentative Roster of the Milner Group in the “ Appendix ” of his book , The Anglo - American Establishment .
The “ front organization ” for The Rhodes Secret Society was The Round Table Group in Great Britain which was working in concert with J. P. Morgan in the United States to establish its “ front organization ” in the United States .
Dr. Quigley described the genesis of the Council on Foreign Relations as follows :
At the end of the war of 1914 , it became clear that the organization of this system had to be greatly extended .
. . .
Lionel Curtis . . . established , in England and each dominion , a front organization to the existing local Round Table Group … This front organization , called the Royal Institute of International Affairs , had as its nucleus in each area the existing submerged Round Table Group …in New York it was known as the Council on Foreign Relations , and was a front for J. P. Morgan and Company in association with the very small American Round Table Group .
The American organizers were dominated by the large number of Morgan ‘ experts ’ …
The Round Table for years ( until 1961 ) was edited from the back door of Chatham House grounds in Ormond Yard , and its telephone came through the Chatham House switchboard ( Tragedy and Hope : 951-952 ) .
“ Stealth ” is the preferred “ modus operandi ” practiced by The Rhodes Secret Society , Royal Institute for International Affairs ( RIIA ) , and the Council of Foreign Relations ( CFR ) in establishing the European Union ( EU ) , the North American Community ( AKA : North American Union – NAU ) , and last week ’s Union of South American Nations ( UNASUR ) .
“ Stealth ” has enabled them to manipulate the American people by keeping us ignorant , uninformed , and confused from the days of Cecil Rhodes to today .
Dr. Quigley described the manipulation of such tactics over our American political process visa - via the false left vs. right paradigm :
The chief problem of American political life for along time has been how to make the two Congressional parties more national and international … ( therefore ) argument that the two parties should represent opposed ideals and policies , one , perhaps , of the Right and the other of the Left , is a foolish idea acceptable only to doctrinaire and academic thinkers …
Instead the two parties should be almost identical , so that the American people can ‘ throw the rascals out ’ at any election without leading to any profound or extensive shifts in policy ( Tragedy and Hope : 1247-1248 ) .
Such stealthy underhanded tactics have always been the means to an end , including but not limited to the eradication of the sovereignty of independent nations in order to achieve their ultimate goal of establishing a one world government , transcending from the inception of The Rhodes Secret Society to The Round Table Group in Great Britain to Royal Institute for International Affairs ( RIIA ) , and the Council of Foreign Relations ( CFR ) .
Tragedy and Hope took Dr. Quigley over twenty years of researching the coveted archives of Cecil Rhodes secret society .
Dr. Quigley dedicated his career “ to training undergraduates in techniques of historical analysis which will help them to free their understanding of history from the accepted categories and cognitive classifications of the society in which we live , since these , however necessary they …nevertheless do often serve as barriers which shield us from recognition of the underlying realities themselves ( Tragedy and Hope : ix ) . ”
Dr. Quigley had a profound influence on numerous future diplomats and government officials .
Amongst these individuals included former President Bill Clinton who commended Quigley during his Democratic Presidential Nomination Acceptance Address stating “ as a teenager , I heard John Kennedy ’s summons to citizenship … then , as a student at Georgetown I head that call clarified by a professor name Carol Quigley , who said to us that America was the greatest nation in history because our people had always believed in two things : that tomorrow can be better than today and that every one of us has a personal moral responsibility to make it so ( http://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/wjclinton1992dnc.htm).”
Clinton specifically referenced Dr. Quigley in his autobiography , Bill Clinton - My Life , when he wrote , “ Quigley ’s insights had a particularly lasting impact … ( so ) from the 1992 campaign through my two terms in office , I quoted Professor Quigley ’s line often ( Clinton : 77-78 ) . ”
According to Dr. Quigley , “ by the middle 1890 ’s Rhodes had a personal income of at least a million pounds sterling a year ( then about five million dollars ) which was spent so freely for his mysterious purposes … his desire to federate the English - speaking peoples and to bring all the habitable portions of the world under their control … leaving part of his great fortune to fund the Rhodes Scholarships at Oxford in order to spread the English ruling class tradition throughout the English - speaking world as ( his mentor Professor at Oxford ) Ruskin had wanted ( Tragedy and Hope : 130 - 131 ) . ”
It is interesting to note that former President Bill Clinton was a recipient of Rhodes Scholarship in 1968 along with extremely powerful and prominent individuals from predominantly the two political party paradigm including but not limited to Dean Rusk in 1931 , U.S. Secretary of State , 1961 - 1969 , in 1951 Richard N. Gardner U.S. Ambassador and CFR Director , in 1968 Strobe Talbott , American diplomat U.S. Deputy Secretary of State ( 1994 -2001 ) and Time Magazine Editor - at - Large , Foreign Affairs journalist and President of the Brookings Institution , and in 1973 Richard N. Haass President of the Council on Foreign Relations and Director of the Policy Planning Staff at the U.S. Department of State , 2001 - 2003 ( http://www.americanrhodes.org/).
All of these individuals are members of the Council on Foreign Relations .
Dr. Quigley exposed their matrix of complete control over individuals and society :
It is increasingly clear that , in the twentieth century , the expert will replace … the democratic voter in control of the political system .
Hopefully , the elements of choice and freedom may survive for the ordinary individual in that he may be free to make a choice between two opposing political groups ( even if these groups have little policy choice within the parameters of policy established by the experts ) and he may have the choice to switch his economic support from one large unit to another .
But , in general , his freedom and choice will be controlled within very narrow alternatives by the fact that he will be numbered from birth and followed , as a number , through his educational training , his required military or other public service , his tax contributions , his health and medical requirements , and his final retirement and death benefits ( Tragedy and Hope : 866 ) .
Perhaps , this is the reason why a third party candidate has never won a presidential election in the history of the United States .
Just as importantly , Dr. Quigley attested to the forces that have controlled and continue to control England and the United States :
The Liberal Party was not so closely controlled as was the Conservative Party , but its chief leaders were on intimate relations of friendship and cooperation with the Cecil Rhodes crowd … which was especially true of Lord Rosebery , who was prime minister in 1894 - 1895 , and H. H. Asquith , who was prime minister in 1905 - 1915 .
Asquith married Margot Tennant . . . in 1894 , and had Balfour as his chief witness at the ceremony .
. . .
In later years Balfour was the closest friend of the Asquiths even when they were leaders of two opposing parties ( Tragedy and Hope : 475 ) .…( likewise )
There does exist , and has existed for a generation , an international Anglophile network which operates , to some extent , in the way the … Right believes the Communists act .
In fact , this network , which we may identify as the Round Table Groups , has no aversion to cooperating with the Communists , or any other groups , and frequently does so …I know of the operations of this network because I have studied it for twenty years and was permitted for two years , in the early 1960 ’s , to examine its papers and secret records .
I have no aversion to it or to most of its aims … but in general my chief difference of opinion is that it wishes to remain unknown , and I believe its role in history is significant enough to be known ( Tragedy and Hope : 950 ) .
Dr. Quigley taught at Harvard where he received his undergraduate degrees and his doctorate .
He also taught at Princeton and at the Industrial College of the Armed Forces in 1951 .
Moreover , he also taught in Africa at the Brookings Institution in 1961 , and lectured at many other places , including the U.S. Naval Weapons Laboratory , the Foreign Service Institute of the State Department , and the Naval College at Norfolk , Virginia .
In 1958 , Dr. Quigley was both a consultant to the Congressional Select Committee that established the national space agency .
Also , he was a collaborator in history to the Smithsonian Institution after 1957 assisting in the establishment of the Museum of History and Technology and in the summer of 1964 he served at the Navy Post - Graduate School in Monterey , California , as consultant to “ Project Seabed , ” a visualization and future design program of what American weapons systems would like in the 1970’s .
In short , Dr. Quigley ’s Circum Vitae is unequivocally scholarly , impressive , and indicative of the confidence by the Eastern Establishment and the security clearance from both the United States government during the Cold War .
Dr. Quigley ’s Tragedy and Hope is loaded with far more revelations than this article can possibly cover here .
However , Dr. Quigley ’s provocative revelations may account for his “ fall from grace ” amongst the circles of the intellectual elite , the British Establishment , and the American Eastern Establishment all of which had trusted him to the extent of allowing him to access to their most coveted archives and inner workings .
In fact , a few thousand copies of Tragedy and Hope were sold prior to the “ accidental destruction ” of the plates in an attempt to suppress subsequent editions from being printed according to a taped interview discovered in Quigley ’s archives at Georgetown University by Dr. Stanley Montieth ( http://www.radioliberty.com/newbkvd.htm).
Exposing the truth about their nefarious “ Great Plan , the Great Work , the Lost Word ” is the most effective weapon each and every American patriot must utilize in restoring our Constitutional Republic .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Japan ’s Underwater Pyramid
Ever since Plato told a story about an advanced civilization that vanished into the sea to amuse his guests at a party , people have been looking for evidence of Atlantis .
Any underwater find that looks like an old stone building brings up the subject of Atlantis again , at least in the tabloids .
Underwater rock formations resembling a pyramid found off Yonaguni Jima Island in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan may represent the Asian version of Atlantis according to Masaaki Kimura , a marine geologist at the University of the Ryukyus in Japan .
On the other hand , Robert Schoch , a professor of science and mathematics at Boston University claims “ It ’s basic geology and classic stratigraphy for sandstones , which tend to break along planes and give you these very straight edges , particularly in an area with lots of faults and tectonic activity . ”
The Japanese government has taken a hands - off approach , leaving the arguments to the academic community to make a determination as to whether the formation is man-made or natural .
In the meantime this will become an underwater tourist attraction to rival the Bimini Road as a controversial ancient man-made ruin or natural rock formation .
It ’s a shame that ancient civilizations never caught on to the use of corner stones to record the date of their constructions and what the construction was designed for .
It would go a long way to resolve the mystery of Stonehenge and resolve the arguments about formations such as the Yonaguni â€ œPyramidâ€ .
Unfortunately , many civilizations left ruins behind that were ancient before the Sumerians invented writing .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
ActiveRecord is perhaps the most compelling component of Ruby on Rails .
ActiveRecord makes it easy to create a record , or to find one , or even to migrate the database schema .
Unfortunately those “ find ” methods can be a little too seductive .
Let ’s see why .
Our example project is a basic social network .
It will start with profiles and friends , and add from there .
We ’ve implemented “ Profile ” and “ Friend ” features and now our customer asks for “ Search by State ” .
In our “ Profiles ” controller , we implement :
1 2 3 4 5 class ProfilesController def search @profiles = Profile .find_all_by_state( params [ : state ] ) end end
At first , this is wonderful .
It does not burden the caller with unnecessary knowledge , and keeps the code simple and clean .
It ’s also simple to test through either state - based or interaction testing .
At the customer ’s request , we add an admin listing , a friend list , and the profile page itself .
It ’s working beautifully .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 class ProfilesController def search @profiles = Profile .find_all_by_state( params [ : state ] ) end def show @profile = Profile . find ( params [ : id ] ) end end class ProfilesAdminController def index @profiles = Profile . find ( :all ) end end class FriendsController def index @user = User .find ( params [ :user_id ] ) @friends = @user . friends end end
Then our customer comes back and says we need the ability to have private profiles .
A profile should only show up if it ’s public .
We make the changes as follows :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 class ProfilesController def search @profiles = Profile .find_all_by_state_and_public( params [ : state ] , true ) end def show @profile = Profile .find ( params [ :id ] , : conditions => { : public => true }) end end class ProfilesAdminController def index @profiles = Profile . find ( :all ) end end class FriendsController def index @user = User .find ( params [ :user_id ] ) @friends = @user .friends.find_all_by_public ( true ) end end
We know it ’s not ‘ DRY ’ , but we move on in the interest of ‘ Getting Things Done ’ .
We run our integration tests , but one is failing .
A user can no longer view their own profile .
After investigating , we realize that in reality the rule should be “ A profile should be visible if it ’s public or belongs to the current user ” .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 class ProfilesController def search conditions = [ " state = ? and ( public = ? or user_id = ? ) " , params [ : state ] , true , current_user.id ] @profiles = Profile .find ( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end def show conditions = [ " public = ? or user_id = ? " , true , current_user.id ] @profile = Profile .find ( params [ :id ] , : conditions => conditions ) end end class ProfilesAdminController def search @profiles = Profile . find ( :all ) end end class FriendsController def index @user = User .find ( params [ :user_id ] ) conditions = [ " public = ? or user_id = ? " , true , current_user.id ] @friends = @user .friends.find ( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end end
This has gotten out of hand .
It ’s just not ok to leave SQL lying around in our controller , even if it ’s just condition arrays .
The caller should specify intent , but not worry about details like privacy .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 class Profile < ActiveRecord :: Base def self .find_all_by_state( state , current_user ) conditions = [ " state = ? and ( public = ? or user_id = ? ) " , state , true , current_user.id ] find ( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end def self .find_all_for_admin find( : all ) end def self . find_by_id( id , current_user ) conditions = [ " public = ? or user_id = ? " , true , current_user.id ] find ( id , : conditions => conditions ) end def self .find_friend_profiles_of(user , current_user ) conditions = [ " public = ? or user_id = ? " , true , current_user.id ] user.friend_profiles.find( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end end class ProfilesController def search @profiles = Profile .find_all_by_state( params [ : state ] , current_user ) end def show @profile = Profile .find_by_id( params [ : id ] , current_user ) end end class ProfilesAdminController def search @profiles = Profile .find_all_for_admin end end class FriendsController def index @user = User .find ( params [ :user_id ] ) @friends = Profile .find_friend_profiles_of ( @user , current_user ) end end
Now all of the actions that need profiles can find them safely by calling one of our methods , and the privacy logic is handled for us .
Something does n’t feel quite right , but we ’ll try it for a bit to make sure we ’re not just suffering from indigestion .
A month later , the customer asks for a different kind of search .
Now we need to search by last name .
By this time , there ’s a second pair on the project , and they implement this feature .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 class ProfilesController def search_by_state @profiles = Profile .find_all_by_state( params [ : state ] , current_user ) end def search_by_last_name @profiles = Profile .find_all_by_last_name( params [ : last_name ] ) end def show @profile = Profile .find_by_id( params [ : id ] , current_user ) end end
Their integration test passes and they check it in .
After we deploy , the customer complains .
It seems the new form of search does n’t take privacy into account .
Why did this happen ?
Intelligent programmers following project conventions and acting conscientiously will still make these mistakes .
Is it a communication breakdown ?
I contend that it ’s a code flaw .
When finding rules are implemented , they need to be designed to allow later programmers to forget the details until they need them .
The programmers should not be filling their minds with privacy while implementing the controller action .
But how ?
In my experience , finder logic very often gets complicated very quickly .
The responsibility for finding a specific kind of entity is a big deal , and should not be given to a class that already fills another responsibility ( persisting profile information ) .
In addition , finder methods should not be implicit , as it leads to the issues outlined above .
Instead we use finder objects .
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 class ProfileFinder attr_accessor : current_user def find_all_by_state ( state ) conditions = [ " state = ? and ( public = ? or user_id = ? ) " , state , true , @current_user .id ] Profile .find ( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end def find_all_by_last_name ( last_name ) conditions = [ " last_name = ? and ( public = ? or user_id = ? ) " , last_name , true , @current_user .id ] Profile .find ( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end def find_all_for_admin Profile . find ( :all ) end def find_by_id ( id ) conditions = [ " public = ? or user_id = ? " , true , @current_user .id ]
Profile . find ( id , : conditions => conditions ) end def find_friend_profiles_of ( user ) conditions = [ " public = ? or user_id = ? " , true , @current_user .id ] user.friend_profiles.find( :all , : conditions => conditions ) end end class ProfilesController before_filter :build_profile_finder def search_by_state @profiles = @profile_finder .find_all_by_state( params [ : state ] ) end def search_by_last_name @profiles = @profile_finder .find_all_by_last_name( params [ : last_name ] ) end def show @profile = @profile_finder .find_by_id( params [ : id ] ) end private def build_profile_finder @profile_finder = ProfileFinder .new @profile_finder .current_user = current_user end end
Now when our new pair is asked to implement the ability to find profiles by last name , they know project standards dictate the use of the relevant finder .
Their integration test fails since the method does not exist .
When they create it , they see the other privacy logic in close proximity , and now have enough information to initiate a conversation with the customer about privacy .
We ’ve found that conscientious use of finder objects enables us to have very consistent finding logic , which reduces bugs and user confusion .
It also simplifies tests , as the tests benefit from a clear scope definition , and are not cluttered by other model logic .
It also makes finder rules discoverable as they are now in a centralized location .
We decided that finder objects are allowed to know model fields and conditions , sql , etc .
They are also allowed to call with_scope on that model .
This all fits with their responsibility of knowing how to find the appropriate model .
Usage Tips
For bonus points , combine this with dependency injection .
We do , and we ’re loving it .
It allows context like the current user to be injected , and then the caller does n’t even need to know that the method requires the current user , as that ’s simply a privacy constraint .
We ’ve also discovered that for purposes of authorization rules ( are you allowed to see this record ? ) , it helps for the caller to provide intent .
If a record otherwise exists but the user does not have permission to follow through with the stated intent , nil is returned .
1 2 profile_finder.find_by_id(id , :for => : show ) profile_finder.find_by_id( id , : for => : update )
I may be able to see my friend ’s profile , but I ca n’t update it .
Finder objects already need some authorization information to restrict queries .
It makes sense to block out access at the data layer .
If I ca n’t fetch the record , I ca n’t update it .
My code can be required to provide an intent with the : for attribute ; you may rig your finder to raise an error if no intention is indicated .
Sometimes , even just the act of determining the permissions of the current user and the object at hand can be complicated , and given that you may need to apply action - oriented permissions for an entity type in more than one place in your code , it makes sense to implement a Permitter ( in this case , a ProfilePermitter ) .
The topic of permitters may warrant another blog post .
" What inning are we in ? "
How many times have we all heard that inane question asked and answered in the credit - driven downturn that we 've been suffering through for over a year now ?
We 've heard many answers from financial industry and government leaders , such as " the worst is behind us , " or " we 'll not need to raise any further capital " -- only to learn in short order that our leaders really did not have the ability to make the market bend to their will .
To understand exactly what is happening , one needs to properly understand what occurred in the late stages of the prior cycle .
Interest rates had been driven to historical lows in the U.S. and throughout the world .
The cause of this can be debated .
However , it is clear that economic globalization , with the migration of jobs to low - wage nations , had a profound impact on inflation , and thus on interest rates .
In general , low interest rates are beneficial , as the low cost of capital encourages business borrowing for research and development , capital investment or expansion initiatives , which lead to job growth .
Low interest rates also reduce the cost of homeownership , and , in fact , the cost of servicing any debt at all , thereby freeing up capital for more productive uses .
The flip side of a low - interest rate environment is that it reduces the absolute level of returns that are available to investors .
This has significant implications for the massive wave of baby boomers , which holds many billions of dollars in retirement savings , either through direct investment or through managed pension - fund systems .
Just over a thousand years ago , the stellar explosion known as supernova SN 1006 was observed .
It was brighter than Venus , and visible during the day for weeks .
The brightest supernova ever recorded on Earth , this spectacular light show was documented in China , Japan , Europe , and the Arab world .
Ancient observers were treated to this celestial fireworks display without understanding its cause or implications .
Astronomers now understand that SN 1006 was caused by a white dwarf star that captured mass from a companion star until the white dwarf became unstable and exploded .
Recent observations of the remnant of SN 1006 reveal the liberation of elements such as iron that were previously locked up inside the star .
Because no material falls back into a neutron star or black hole after this type of supernova explosion , the liberation of this star 's contents is complete .
It represents , therefore , a cosmic version of Independence Day for this star .
This is a composite image of the SN 1006 supernova remnant , which is located about 7000 light years from Earth .
Shown here are X - ray data from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory ( blue ) , optical data from the University of Michigan 's 0.9 meter Curtis Schmidt telescope at the NSF 's Cerro Tololo Inter - American Observatory ( CTIO ; yellow ) and the Digitized Sky Survey ( orange and light blue ) , plus radio data from the NRAO 's Very Large Array and Green Bank Telescope ( VLA / GBT ; red ) .
This combined study of the Chandra , CTIO and VLA / GBT observations shows new evidence for the acceleration of charged particles to high energies in supernova shockwaves .
An accompanying Hubble Space Telescope image of SN 1006 shows a close - up of the region on the upper right of the supernova remnant .
The twisting ribbon of light seen by Hubble reveals where the expanding blast wave is sweeping into very tenuous surrounding gas .
What 's the difference between Korean chaebol in the run-up to the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 and hedge funds today ?
They were both excessively leveraged , but at least the first generated real economic value , argues Danny Leipziger , the World Bank 's VP for Poverty Reduction and Economic Management ( PREM ) .
Just about a decade ago , Korea suffered through its most severe financial crisis in its history when international credit markets froze up and a nation with an impeccable record of economic management was humbled by a massive liquidity crisis .
While the proximate cause was financial contagion affecting an economy whose financial markets had been forced open without requisite regulation , many observers blamed the problem on the excessive leverage of Korean conglomerates , the fabled chaebol that produced Hyundai , Samsung and Lucky Goldstar .
What made the chaebol infamous was in part their drive to enlarge and the financing methods used to achieve greater size ?
leveraging .
The generation of a large balance sheet with small amounts of equity is viewed differently by financial markets at various moments .
For hedge funds , the key to leveraging is to risk small amounts of equity to make huge gains , betting that people will lend you funds to make these bets and that you will win many more times than you will lose .
The sub - prime crisis and its aftermath show the perils of this financial strategy , and as is usual in deep financial crises with systemic spillover dangers , the government usually steps in and the taxpayers help bail out the excessive risk - takers .
Contrast this to the fate of many of Korea ?s chaebol , who were not leveraged twenty to one , as were many hedge funds that recently collapsed in the U.S. crisis , but by three to one in the typical case before the crisis deepened .
When interest rates were forced to exorbitant rates by IMF programs that Joe Stiglitz rightly criticized , there was no solvent chaebol left in Korea .
This was a natural consequence of 25 percent interest rates applied to highly leveraged firms faced with short term debts that could not be rolled over and slim profit margins .
The consequence of this " excessive leveraging " was a massive retrenchment of Korean firms and a deep two year recession in Korea that left marked scars on the economy .
In the end , Korea emerged stronger in terms of corporate financing and corporate governance , but with a black mark on its copybook .
Those managing the bailout went to great pains to point out the flaws of the Korean approach -- using credit , admittedly some of it at publicly subsidized terms -- to grow fast and capture export markets .
Leverage allowed Korea to expand its exports at a pace that was unheard of in the postwar period and to penetrate OECD consumer markets in record time .
Hence the prototypical American consumer now driving a Hyundai , watching TV on a Samsung plasma screen and talking on an LG cell phone .
And as a corollary , we have witnessed the Korean worker made dramatic strides in standards of living in one generation .
One might have expected a louder hue and cry against hedge funds that were speculating in financial markets and obtaining credit at easy terms from lenders when the current crisis unraveled .
Instead we have witnessed unprecedented liquidity being pumped into the markets at non-distress rates , essentially blurring the difference between illiquidity and insolvency .
We have seen the world 's central banks provide enormous amounts of credit to avoid larger scale collapse .
What is not so clear is the real economic benefit that the speculating hedge funds were generating .
At least in the case of Korea , there were real economic benefits to be generated , employment to be created , and international markets to be penetrated .
This is not to absolve some chaebols of their misdeeds -- pledging poor collateral , cross ownership among chaebol affiliates , use of cheap government credit and the like -- yet there does seem to be a double standard in the way the international community is dealing with the current crisis caused by excessive and under - regulated leveraging and the way in which Korea was pilloried in the aftermath of the 1997 crisis .
A lot of people would have you believe that trying to stay positive and upbeat all the time is the path to happiness .
While I agree that maintaining a positive attitude and looking on the bright side of things is important , it ’s definitely not everything .
If you ’re so focused on the positive that you ’re in denial of the negative parts of your life , you have a problem .
Ignorance is n’t bliss if you ’re efforts to ignore are in vain .
Trying to repress your problems and look on the bright side of things is n’t going to solve anything .
In fact , it can make them worse .
So if staying positive and putting a smile on your face is n’t everything , then what is ?
I think the answer is really taking a closer look at why you ’re feeling like crap in the first place .
Simply smiling and looking on the bright side is like trying to put a band aid on a cut throat .
It just does n’t cut it .
Here ’s my advice on hacking at the root of negativity , instead of clipping the twigs and the leaves :
Pay attention to what ’s making you feel negative .
It all starts with awareness right ?
A lot of people do n’t want to face their negative emotions .
And for good reason , it ’s unpleasant .
But if we deny all our negative feelings , we ’re really denying ourselves and before long , there wo n’t be much left .
Realize that negativity is there to help you .
Negative emotions and responses are there for a reason .
They ’re trying to tell us something just is n’t right .
Instead of just feeling your negative feelings , try to dig deep and see what ’s causing them .
You might have to go through a few layers of emotions before you find the root .
Is it really important , or are you just whining ?
This is one of the most important questions you can ask and really forces you to be honest with whether you ’re just whining , or if your feelings are legitimate .
After all , a really negative person , can make even the best situation seem terrible .
In the same way an overly ( unhealthily ) positive person can make even the most negative situation seem positive .
See , this article .
If you think you ’re just whining , complaining and making excuses , you probably are .
This is the test if it ’s something that can be fixed with an adjustment of your attitude , or if it ’s going to take some deeper work .
Untie the knot .
In Buddhism , there ’s a concept called internal formations .
Basically , when you have a negative emotion : anger , fear , frustration , depression , or despair , it ’s telling you there ’s something you need to take a look at .
By simply accepting our negative feelings , we can witness the source and being to “ untie the knot . ”
When we find the root , we can go to work at what caused the knot to take form , and begin to discover how we can release it .
Look at the root .
After we untie the knot , it ’s important that we look at the root of the knot in the first place .
Let ’s say you ’re feeling like crap because you do n’t like your job .
So you untie the knot , you take a day off of work and recoup .
But going to work at the root , means solving the problem that caused the knot in the first place .
If you really hate your job , figure out why and find a way to fix it .
That might mean changing positions , working with new people , or simply quitting .
Do whatever it takes to solve the problem directly , instead of making a quick fix .
We can either use the personality approach , trying to remain positive , focus on what we ’re grateful for , etc .
Or we can be honest and realize that our negative emotions are trying to tell us something : something sucks and we need to do something about it .
It ’s the difference between taking the red pill or the blue pill .
Do you want to live in truth , or denial ?
Jonathan
Officials say they remain confident the events will take place without incident .
“ We are prepared to deal with any kind of security threat and we are confident we will have a safe and peaceful Olympic Games , ” said Sun Weide , a spokesman for the Beijing organizing committee .
Officials of the International Olympic Committee said they were also confident that security in the capital would be more than adequate when the Games began .
“ We all feel the Chinese authorities have done everything possible to assure the safety and security of everyone attending the Games , ” said Giselle Davies , a spokeswoman for the I.O.C .
According to Xinhua , two men driving a dump truck rammed it into a brigade of border patrol police officers as they jogged outside their barracks near the center of Kashgar , killing or wounding 10 officers .
The attackers then jumped out of the truck , stabbing officers with knives , and then lobbed homemade bombs at the barracks , which exploded outside the compound , Xinhua said .
Officers , part of the People ’s Armed Police , a paramilitary guard force , arrested the assailants , whom they described as Uighurs , ages 28 and 33 , but did not release their names .
Xinhua said the arm of one man was badly injured when an explosive device detonated in his hand .
The police later discovered 10 more such devices and what it described as a “ homemade gun ” in the dump truck .
Images reportedly taken from local Kashgar television and briefly posted on the Internet showed bodies shrouded in white sheets or on stretchers .
The attack , however , received no mention on the evening news in Beijing .
If the details as reported by Xinhua are accurate , the attack would be the worst eruption of ethnic violence on Chinese soil since the early 1990s , when China blamed Muslim separatists for a spate of violent attacks .
In recent years , China has waged an increasingly muscular battle against those it describes as radical Muslims .
The East Turkestan Islamic Movement , a group listed as a terrorist organization by the United States and China , is blamed for much of the violence in Xinjiang .
The attacks , as recounted by the Chinese government , often involve bombings of police stations , buses , factories and oil pipelines .
Drama in Gori :
Ynet reporter Tsur Shezaf describes the events which took place near Russian checkpoints in the Georgian city of Gori .
" We arrived on the outskirts of Gori on Thursday , during the afternoon .
There were a lot of Russian troops and television crews .
We arrived about two hours after an altercation almost broke out between Russian troops and Georgians .
The Georgians were there to welcome their army , and the Russian troops brushed them off .
Dangerous Mission Israeli reporter wounded in Georgia treated at Hadassah Ynet Award - winning Yedioth Ahronoth journalist Tzadok Yehezkeli , who was seriously wounded by mortar sell in blast that also killed Dutch cameraman , three civilians , returns to Israel , taken to Hadassah hospital in Jerusalem Israeli reporter wounded in Georgia treated at Hadassah
" As I was taking pictures around Gori , a Russian soldier approached me and started shooting his weapon in the air , " added Shezaf .
" People were running scared and our driver had disappeared .
Suddenly a soldier appeared , I did n't know if he was an Osstetian or a Chechen .
He pointed his weapon at me and screamed , ' Where are the car keys ? '
" I approached the driver 's side of the car and saw that the keys were in the ignition .
I tried to get into the car and run , but the soldier pushed me and then he fired a round which nearly hit my foot , it actually hit the tip of my sandal .
" We just ran from the scene , me , channel 2 's Carmel Luzzati and Haaretz 's Nir Kafri .
We were very stressed because the car had our personal things including passports .
I quickly got in touch with the news room in Tel Aviv and asked for their help in coming up with a way for me to return to Israel , even without the passports and the personal equipment .
" The amazing thing is that after 20 minutes , a Russian officer showed up and returned our car , with all of our things still inside .
Fortunately , the theft happened in view of Russian army commanders who would not stand up for that sort of behavior , " commented
Shezaf .
Earlier , Russian troops had blocked the entrance to the city of Gori , And Georgian troops were forced to hold their position , some 500 meters ( 1600 feet ) away from the Russian troops .
The Russian troops stated that they have no intention of moving from that position until they have received explicit order , for now Georgian troops are avoiding entering the city .
August 5 , 2008
Bryan McCann of the Campaign to End the Death Penalty explains that Texas ' Law of Parties -- under which defendants can be held responsible for murder just by being at the scene -- is poised to take another life .
AT THIS time last year , the grassroots campaign to save Texas death row inmate Kenneth Foster Jr. was in full swing .
Kenneth had been sentenced to death in 1997 for driving the car Mauriceo Brown exited one night in 1996 to shoot and kill Michael LaHood Jr . He was convicted under the Texas Law of Parties , which allows prosecutors to treat those physically present at the scene of a murder as if they had pulled the trigger .
Kenneth had no idea a murder was going to take place , yet he was tried alongside Brown for capital murder .
The Save Kenneth Foster Campaign won a steady stream of editorial support from Texas newspapers , and there was a palpable sense that our coalition of family and activists was having an impact .
One month later , hours before Kenneth was to receive lethal injection for driving a car , we learned that Gov. Rick Perry , who presided over more executions than any governor in American history , was commuting Kenneth 's sentence .
We won .
Perry even expressed misgivings about a " Texas law that allows capital murder defendants to be tried simultaneously , " adding , " it is an issue I think the legislature should examine . "
Texas activists celebrate after Kenneth Foster Jr. was given clemency hours before his scheduled execution ( Matthew Beamesderfer | SW )
In spite of Perry 's reflections on that joyful day last August , Texas is again poised to execute a man who killed nobody .
Jeff Wood is slated to enter the death chamber on August 21 , 2008 for the 1996 shooting death of a gas station clerk .
Jeff sat in a car while another man , Daniel Reneau , entered a gas station and held up the attendant , Kris Keeran .
According to the Save Jeff Wood Web site , when Keeran did n't move quickly enough , Reneau shot and killed him .
Hearing the shot , Jeff entered the gas station , saw Keeran 's body and then discovered Reneau removing the gas station safe .
According to the Web site , Reneau ordered Jeff at gunpoint to remove the surveillance tape and drive the getaway car .
Jeff was also under the impression that the robbery -- which had been planned for the day prior with the cooperation of station employees -- had been called off .
BUT WHO needs evidence when you can exploit a defendant 's weaknesses ?
Jeff has a well - documented history of mental illness .
Physically and emotionally abused as a child , Jeff 's condition makes him vulnerable to aggressive behavior from others .
Even during the planning stages of the robbery , Reneau threatened to kill Jeff 's family if he did n't cooperate .
Police interrogated Jeff without counsel and kept him awake for hours until he issued a confession he would later recant .
Though Jeff was initially found mentally unfit to stand trial and sent to a mental hospital , it took , according to the court system , only a couple of weeks for him to miraculously reverse a lifetime of mental illness and become " trial ready . "
Jeff 's court - appointed lawyer neglected to call any witnesses during the punishment phase of the trial .
In fact , like nearly all inmates on death row in the U.S. , Jeff is there , in large part , because he could n't afford adequate representation .
Even members of Kris Keeran 's family oppose Jeff 's execution .
Keeran 's cousin , Amanda Smith , has said , " It 's insane to kill another person who did not kill Kris . "
Keeran 's father is a death penalty opponent who spoke out against Reneau 's execution in 2006 .
Inspired by last summer 's victory in Kenneth Foster 's case , Jeff 's own family has taken a leading role in fighting his execution .
Along with anti-death penalty groups like the Texas Moratorium Network , Texas Students Against the Death Penalty and the Campaign to End the Death Penalty , they are organizing rallies in San Antonio and Austin to get the word out .
Jeff 's supporters have also circulated a petition and initiated a letter drive to make the case for clemency .
Kenneth 's case said a lot about the hypocritical core of the death penalty .
We 're told that capital punishment is reserved for the worst of the worst .
Yet Kenneth was waiting to die for being in the wrong place at the wrong time .
We 're also told that the death penalty is intended to protect vulnerable citizens from violent people .
But in the Jeff Woods case , we see a system ready to exploit a mentally ill man 's vulnerabilities in order to secure a conviction .
Last summer , we showed that we could stop an execution in the belly of the beast and make a right winger like Perry admit the truth about a particularly draconian law .
Now it 's time to make Perry live up to his words and stop the execution of Jeff Wood .
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
As oil prices spike , many Americans are rediscovering the railroad .
A passenger waits for the departure of an Amtrak Acela Express train from South Station in Boston , Massachusetts June 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Brian Snyder
Amtrak , America ’s struggling passenger railroad , saw record numbers in May when ridership rose 12.3 percent from a year earlier , and ticket sales climbed 15.6 percent , according to company data .
Amtrak President Alex Kummant said the numbers point to a sixth straight year of record passengers .
He estimated a more than 11 percent rise this year on its 21,000 miles of track , building on last year ’s 26 million passengers .
He attributes about half that growth to higher gas prices .
“ It depends on the service but certainly our ridership growth is linked to the fuel prices , ” he said in an interview .
“ We are up against capacity limits . ”
The Bush administration has sought to scrap direct federal funding for Amtrak , a for - profit federal corporation that has bled red ink since its 1971 creation .
Its backers contend that passenger rail services in other countries also lose money .
The White House threatened on Monday to veto legislation to fund Amtrak for the next five years , saying the U.S. House of Representatives failed to include language that would make the railroad more accountable .
The House legislation would authorize Amtrak funding of $ 14 billion and set up a program of federal matching grants to states for projects to improve passenger service , an arrangement Kummant says is crucial for any expansion .
“ That would have a huge impact , ” Kummant said .
“ We are in a different world than even just three or four years ago with gas prices at these levels , with the congestion we face on the highways and with the difficulty in air travel . ”
Rail advocates say the rise in passenger numbers underlines the need for greater federal and state funding in railways to bring the United States in line with Europe and Japan and give Amtrak the muscle to compete with commercial airlines .
They point to long - distance routes where ridership jumped 15 percent in May as evidence that railways can compete with airlines , as the rising cost of jet fuel pushes up air fares .
While Britain , France and Germany all have passenger rail systems that account for about 6 - 8 percent of total annual passenger travel miles , Amtrak carries less than 1 percent .
Japan , which operates the world ’s busiest high - speed rail network with its Shinkansen trains , carries about 18 percent .
“ It ’s a matter of getting a huge ship like the American transportation industry to change direction , ” said Ross Capon , executive director of the National Association of Railroad Passengers , which lobbies for more subsidies for Amtrak .
FUEL COSTS ‘GETTING TOO HIGH ’
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Many travelers say they would like to see more services , citing frustration over U.S. gasoline pump prices averaging above $ 4 a gallon and rising air ticket prices .
“ Even for business travelers there ’s a lot of corporate pressure to cut down on travel costs , ” said Paul Clapis , 53 , after stepping off Amtrak ’s only high - speed service , the Acela Express , following a trip from New York to Boston .
Clapis , a director of a financial company , said he usually made the trip by air until two months ago when he switched to the train to save money .
Sharon Danaher - Henry , a senior citizen , decided not to fly to Maine from Connecticut .
It ’s too expensive , she said , to fly with the top U.S. carriers , which tried to raise most domestic fares by $ 20 round - trip over the weekend .
“ The cost of flying is outrageous , ” she said , while waiting in Hartford , Connecticut , for an Amtrak train to take her about 200 miles to Portland , Maine .
The ticket to Portland costs about $ 100 , less than a third of one of the cheapest available airline tickets that would require two stopovers .
Both trips require more than seven hours when including time needed for switching between planes .
“ The train is inexpensive and it takes the same travel time as flying but at least with the train , you get to see scenic things , ” she said .
The question of whether to expand the nation ’s only long - haul passenger railroad could spill into presidential politics .
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama has said on his Web site he would fight for Amtrak funding while seeking reforms .
His Republican rival , Sen. John McCain , has in the past sought to block federal subsidies for Amtrak .
Critics say Amtrak remains woefully slow and inefficient .
On tracks shared with commuter trains on the Washington - New York - Boston corridor , Amtrak ’s premier service , the Acela , averages 82 miles per hour ( 132 km per hour ) although it can hit 150 mph ( 241 kph ) in parts of Rhode Island and Connecticut .
In contrast , Japan , France and Germany have developed nationwide rail systems capable of speeds of 150 mph ( 241 kph ) to 185 mph ( 297 kph ) on dedicated tracks with sophisticated signaling systems designed for high - speed trains .
Special counsel deputy quits over boss 's ' political agendas and personal vendettas ' Associated Press
Published : Friday July 18 , 2008
Print This Email This
The second - in - command at the government 's top whistle - blower office has quit in a dispute with his boss , whom he accused of putting " political agendas and personal vendettas " ahead of the agency 's mission and independence .
James Byrne 's resignation as deputy to U.S. Special Counsel Scott Bloch is effective Saturday .
Bloch is under federal investigation , accused of destroying evidence potentially showing he retaliated against his own staff .
" Upon my departure , I am obligated to note that the mission , independence and very existence of the Office of Special Counsel are - and shall remain - at risk unless and until this agency is afforded a presidentially appointed , Senate - confirmed leader who is capable of putting OSC 's mission and OSC 's people ahead of political agendas and personal vendettas , " Byrne , the deputy special counsel , wrote in a July 10 letter to Bloch that was obtained by The Associated Press .
" This agency , and the people whom we serve , deserve no less .
" A spokesman for Bloch declined comment .
Bloch is a Senate - confirmed presidential appointee .
The Office of Special Counsel is responsible for protecting the rights of federal workers and ensuring that government whistle - blowers are not subjected to reprisals .
A group of current and former agency workers filed a complaint against Bloch in 2005 , accusing him of retaliating with intimidation and involuntary transfers of those who opposed his policies .
The employees also accused Bloch of refusing to protect federal workers from discrimination based on sexual orientation .
Those charges are being investigated by the inspector general at the Office of Personnel Management .
FBI and White House Office of Personnel Management agents raided Bloch 's office and home in May as part of a criminal investigation into whether he obstructed justice and , potentially , lied to Congress about hiring an outside tech company to scrub his government laptop computer .
Bloch has denied any wrongdoing , and told House investigators in March that the data wipe was done to protect government and personal information on the computer , not to destroy it .
Rep. Tom Davis , R - Va. , has joined liberal - leaning watchdog groups in demanding that Bloch resign immediately .
Last year , Bloch recommended that then - GSA chief Lurita Doan be disciplined for engaging in illegal political activities and doling out no -bid awards .
Doan abruptly resigned in April at the White House 's behest .
Bloch currently is looking to see if it can discipline Justice Department officials who improperly - and potentially illegally - rejected top law students for jobs because their were Democrats or liberal .
An internal Justice Department investigation last month concluded that politics and ideology disqualified a significant number of newly graduated lawyers and summer interns seeking coveted Justice jobs in 2006 .
This article was written on an older version of FileFront / GameFront
Formatting may be lacking as a result .
If this article is un-readable please report it so that we may fix it .
Posted on July 11 , 2008 , Stephany Capcom Pulling Out All The Stops for Comic Con
Looks like anyone who plans to attend Comic Con July 24 - 27 this year will be in for a treat other than Dark Horse Comics and Vivendi if Capcom has their way .
“ Tournaments !
Moviestars !
Rockstars of the Art World !
Cosplay !
Mega Man dancing with Bionic Commando in our boxing ring ! ”
Great lords of gaming !
That sounds like a helluvalot more fun than E3 if you ask me .
Anyway , should be present for the festivities , here is what you will get to see – INCLUDING – an exclusive RE5 trailer … lucky gougers .
Plus , if you are a fan , Kristen Kreuk will be there as well .
Featuring over 1800 sq. ft. of interactive displays , exclusive merchandise , gaming tournaments , celebrity appearances and special events there will indeed be something from everyone at the Capcom booth .
Add to this the full - size , 20′x20 ′ boxing ring that holds ten Street Fighter IV arcade units , direct from Japan .
The games being showcased at the event are :
Bionic Commando
Bionic Commando : Rearmed
Dark Void
MotoGP 08
Mega Man 9
Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix
Neopets Puzzle Adventure
Flock !
Plunder
Capcom Mobile games
Exclusive trailers will be shown as well including :
Resident Evil 5
Resident Evil : Degeneration CG movie
SF IV CG animated mini-movie trailers
some surprise game demos and trailers !
Plus some celebrity appearances by :
Yoshinoro Ono ( producer , SFIV )
Ben Judd ( producer , Bionic Commando )
Andy Diggle
Kristen Kreuk ( star of Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun Li )
Justin Marks ( writer of Street Fighter : The Legend of Chun Li , and the upcoming Bionic Commando comic book )
Top comic book artists ( contributors to Udon ’s Street Fighter Tribute Book ) including Adam Hughes , J. Scott Campbell , Mark Brooks , and more !
Mega Man – IN PERSON !!!
Bionic Commando – IN PERSON !!!
Bonus : awesome Bionic Commando arm that you might get to wear
Wow .
Sounds like a cosplay / cellar dweller match made in heaven .
I am only kidding , so do n’t leave any hateful comments .
If I were going , I would dress as Ada Wong or Jill Valentine .
You think I jest ?
You can find out more by hitting the link below .
Via : Capcom Unity
Congress ’ latest answer to rising gasoline prices : Sue OPEC .
Defying a White House veto threat , the House on Tuesday overwhelmingly approved legislation that would allow the Justice Department to pursue legal action against the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries for conspiring to restrict supplies or drive up prices .
It was the second time in a week that a majority of Republicans joined Democrats to support an energy measure over the Bush administration ’s objections and came as the average price for a gallon of self - serve regular set more records Tuesday -- $ 3.80 nationally and $ 3.976 in California , according to AAA .
The White House warned that the measure could invite retaliatory action by the oil cartel , which supplies about 6 million barrels of crude to the United States every day .
Advertisement
But with lawmakers preparing to head home for Memorial Day , the traditional start of the summer driving season , they are scrambling to show they are doing something to respond to high fuel costs -- even though they acknowledge limits to what they can do to provide immediate relief .
Last week , Congress overwhelmingly voted to limit oil shipments to the government ’s emergency stockpile in hopes of putting more gasoline on the market .
This week , lawmakers are bringing oil industry executives back to Capitol Hill for grilling .
The House OPEC measure was approved 324 to 84 .
A similar measure , dubbed NOPEC for the No Oil Producing and Exporting Cartels Act , passed the Senate last year by a 70 to 23 vote , but was set aside after a White House veto threat .
The House measure would create a Justice Department task force to investigate price gouging and manipulation in oil markets and require a study of the effect of oil industry mergers on fuel prices .
Advertisement
The bill ’s supporters said it would strip OPEC of the ability to use the foreign “ sovereign immunity ” shield to avoid the reach of U.S. antitrust laws in American courts .
Rep. Robert C. Scott ( D - Va. ) said during debate Monday that President Bush ’s failure to persuade Saudi Arabia to sharply increase oil production during his visit to the Middle East last week underscored the need for the legislation .
“ OPEC ’s concerted manipulation of world oil marketplaces calls for more than begging for help , ” Scott said .
“ It calls for full antitrust enforcement . ”
Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) scoffed at the measure , arguing it was “ long on psychic compensation ” but unlikely to bring down gas prices .
He assailed Democrats for blocking efforts to increase domestic oil drilling , complaining that the bill “ does n’t outlaw the congressional cartel that has blocked our energy production in this country . ”
Advertisement
“ Even if this bill gets vetoed , which I believe it will , we ’re sending a message over to the OPEC countries that we want to litigate , ” King said , warning of possible reprisals .
OPEC could speed the flow of oil to the market , King said .
“ Or they might just decide , a little bit out of spite , to turn the spigot down a little bit to say , ‘ We ’ll show you . ’ ”
--
richard.simon@latimes.com
Earlier this week I spent a couple of days playing with the idea of sparklines , and ended up making a JavaScript library for generating sparklines in the canvas element .
Because I 've been using it a bit recently , I used Processing .js to handle the visualization .
Features
The site has about a dozen different examples of how you can combine and create different configurations for sparklines , but I 'll do a quick rundown here .
Can create bar or line sparklines .
Can clearly demarcate percentiles ( where 0.25 is Q1 , 0.5 is the median , and so on , but you can also chose to indicate arbitrary percentiles instead ) .
Can clearly demarcate arbitrary values ( perhaps wanting to show lines at 70 and 80 to emphasize the number of students receiving a C on an exam ) .
Can fill in the background between two lines , further emphasizing the range between them .
Can configure padding around edges , all colors , space between bars on bar graph , etc .
Designed to work with arbitrary datatypes , where you write a function to extract heights from it .
Adapts to the height and width of the canvas it is given : you can shrink them down or blow them up , and they 'll do their best to display their data .
( Sorry that the examples below are actually jpg's from screenshots of the canvases instead of the actual canvases themselves , you can see the real thing on the project page .
My blog setup , which I 've just gotten a few ideas about improving now , is n't completely intuitive for including raw markup . )
Example of a Bar Sparkline
This is one of my favorite bar sparklines .
var data3 = [ 120 , 130 , 80 , 100 , 90 , 105 , 95 , 60 , 70 , 75 , 70 , 90 , 100 , 110 , 120 , 130 , 150 , 100 , 50 , 80 , 90 , 100 , 110 , 110 ] ; var opts = { ' percentage_lines ' : [ 0.25 , 0.75 ] , " fill_between_percentage_lines " : true , ' padding_between_bars ' : 2 , " left_padding " : 30 , " right_padding " : 30 , ' marking_padding ' : 16 } ; new Sparkline ( ' bar4 ' , data3 ) . draw ( ) ;
Example of a Line Sparkline
This is a line sparkline , with filled in space between lines at the absolute values of 90 and 110 , as well as lines at the 25th and 75th percentiles .
var data3 = [ 120 , 130 , 80 , 100 , 90 , 105 , 95 , 60 , 70 , 75 , 70 , 90 , 100 , 110 , 120 , 130 , 150 , 100 , 50 , 80 , 90 , 100 , 110 , 110 ] ; var opts = { " value_lines " : [ 90 , 110 ] , " top_padding " : 5 , " bottom_padding " : 0 , " fill_between_value_lines " : true , " percentage_lines " : [ 0.25 , 0.75 ] , " percentage_color " : " # FF6666 " } ; new Sparkline ( ' simple10 ' , data3 , opts ) . draw ( ) ;
There are a number more examples , and instructions at the project page .
Let me know if you have any feedback !
He recorded details of the ladies of leisure with whom he associated , and painted pictures of ships and flags as well as a self portrait .
Images of ordinary seamen from the time of Nelson 's Navy are rare .
The $ 1000 , zero-utility " I Am Rich " app for Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone and iPod touch has been removed from the iTunes App Store .
It no longer appears in searches , coder Armin Heinrich 's list of apps , or the most - recent apps list .
We do n't know if Apple removed it or if Armin did -- either is plausible -- but we 'll update if we find out .
While we 're asking : Did anyone buy it ?
UPDATE : You bet they bought it , says Armin :
He says he sold 8 copies in less than a day , and netted about $ 6,000 .
Also :
This is n't the only app to disappear from iTunes after a short stay - by our count there are 5 , so far .
See Also :
Apple 's iPhone - App - Approval Mouse Falls Off Treadmill : Buy The $ 1000 App That Does Nothing
i Phone Game ' Tap Tap Revenge ' : Popular With Humans , Birds
More Ads Coming To iPhone Apps : AdMob Expands iPhone Ad Network
Apple 's Secrecy Obsession About To Backfire On The iPhone .
Time To Ditch The NDA
High gasoline prices are fueling bicycle sales , and on some days Michael Hall ’s blood pressure . ¶
At least three times a week , Hall pedals to his job in Hollywood from his home in northern Glendale , a 25 - mile round - trip commute that is faster on two wheels than four .
¶
“ It ’s definitely saving me money , but may be taking years off my life due to the fact that it ’s a terrifying experience , ” said Hall , a 46 - year - old television editor .
The problems , he said , include the cellphone - using , “ coffee - drinking , shaving , makeup - putting - on person who ’s not paying attention ” and the furious motorists who swear at him if he slows them down “ for a nanosecond . ” ¶
For his trouble , Hall saves about $ 150 a month , which makes it all worthwhile .
¶
Industry sales numbers for the year are n’t available yet , but anecdotal evidence is widespread that bicycle companies are benefiting from what ’s hurting other businesses , said Tim Blumenthal , executive director of Bikes Belong Coalition , an advocacy group .
“ Bicycles for transportation has not been a big thing until very recently , ” he said .
“ April and particularly May , and now June , have been phenomenal months .
This is across the board and across the country . ”
As the weather has improved -- and pump prices have continued to rise -- merchants have noticed an increase .
“ This is the first time we ’ve seen this much growth from the gas problem , ” said Jim Whitsett , owner of Cynergy Cycles in Santa Monica , where sales are up “ a noticeable 20 % just in the past 30 days . ”
Advertisement
Increasingly , people who used to view bicycles as playthings or exercise tools now see them as workhorses .
So they ’re outfitting them with fenders , racks , bags -- anything that will make them more functional .
Burley Design , which makes trailers for bikes , has run out of some models used to haul children and groceries .
“ We ’re definitely ahead of where we thought we would be , ” said Amanda Schulze , marketing manager for the Eugene , Ore. , company , which expects sales to rise 10 % this year .
It ’s too soon , though , to call 2008 a boom year for bikes , said Fred Clements , executive director of the National Bicycle Dealers Assn. in Costa Mesa .
People who buy bicycles for fun or fitness still represent the largest chunk of the market , he said , and they may be less willing to spend this year , given the troubled economy .
Advertisement
“ We ’re certainly having an uptick in utility use , but we may have a corresponding decline in recreational purchasing , ” he said .
“ You ca n’t underestimate the power of a weak economy to make people rein in some of their spending . ”
Staying in shape is important to Bryan Martinez , 44 , and so is avoiding gas stations .
So the Altadena resident has recently upped his cycling to about 250 miles a week , most of it riding back and forth to Comcast Entertainment , where he works as a television editor .
“ We only have one income , and it just made more sense for me to ride , ” he said .
“ Now I ’m kind of addicted to riding to work . ”
Although his office is n’t equipped with showers , Martinez keeps several changes of clothing at his office and uses the sink to rinse off .
“ Paper towel , sponge bath .
It ’s fine , ” he said .
Advertisement
Not all two - wheeled sources of transportation require so much energy .
Cannondale Sports Group introduced its line of Schwinn electric bikes last year and was caught off guard in recent months as demand pulled past supply .
The bikes sell for $ 1,500 to $ 2,500 .
“ Over the last four months , we ’ve seen significant increase in demand , ” said spokesman Bruno Maier .
“ We did n’t anticipate the spike that we ’ve seen .
Right now we are working to get additional product in to supply our dealers . ”
Bicycles , of course , are n’t the only two - wheeled option .
In fact Hall , the TV editor from Glendale , is in the market for a scooter .
Advertisement
“ Unfortunately , nobody has any in stock , ” he said .
“ They sell them as soon as they come in . ”
Some who ca n’t afford to invest in a new mode of transportation are dusting the cobwebs off their old bicycles .
Demand is so strong at Rock N’ Road Cyclery ’s service departments that repairs are running a week behind , said Matt Ford , who owns the Lake Forest - based chain of four Orange County stores .
Bicycle sales , meanwhile are “ up double digits , ” he said .
“ We ’ve really seen a spike , ” he said .
“ The gas thing is freaking a lot of people out . ”
Advertisement
--
leslie.earnest@latimes.com
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The solar system may not be a nice round shape , but rather a bit squashed and oblong , according to data from the Voyager 2 spacecraft exploring the solar system ’s outer limits , scientists said on Wednesday .
Earth 's solar system is seen in a 2004 illustration distributed by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
REUTERS / NASA
Jet Propulsion Laboratory / Handout
Launched in 1977 , the Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 unmanned probes are now studying the edges of the heliosphere , the huge magnetic “ bubble ” around our solar system created by the solar wind as it runs up against the thin gas in interstellar space .
The solar wind is made up of electrically charged particles blown into space in all directions by the sun .
The boundary between the heliosphere and the rest of interstellar space is known as the “ termination shock . ”
Voyager 2 in August 2007 crossed this boundary 7.8 billion miles from the sun .
Voyager 1 had crossed the boundary in December 2004 about 10 billion miles away from Voyager 1 and almost a billion miles farther from the sun .
Scientists think this indicates that the bubble carved into interstellar space by the heliosphere , which extends well past the distant orbit of Pluto , is not perfectly round , and the solar system is shaped a bit like an oblong .
“ Imagine a balloon is being blown up by the solar wind .
You might imagine that if you took a balloon , which is mainly spherical , and pushed it against the wall , it would be blunted on one side , ” said Edward Stone of the California Institute of Technology , one of the scientists involved in the research .
That ’s what has happened with the heliosphere , he said .
The findings were published in the journal Nature .
The Voyager spacecraft were launched in 1977 with a mission to fly by and observe the giant planets Jupiter and Saturn .
The two spacecraft then continued their mission into the outer solar system .
They are flying through remote , cold and dark conditions , powered by long - life nuclear batteries in the absence of solar energy .
Schweden will Einblick in Bürger - DNA : Ausgeforscht bis aufs Blut
Die schwedische Regierung will den Sicherheitsbehörden künftig Zugriff auf die seit 1975 routinemäßig eingelagerten Blutproben aller Bürger gewähren .
STOCKHOLM taz " Auch wenn man nichts zu verbergen hat , sollte man nicht aktiv zu so einem Register beitragen . "
Der EU - Parlamentarier Christofer Fjellner ist einer von hunderten SchwedInnen , die in den letzten Tagen schriftlich die Vernichtung ihrer Blutprobe aus einer Biobank beantragt haben .
Denn die soll womöglich demnächst zu einem umfassenden DNA - Register umgewandelt werden .
Bei jedem in Schweden geborenem Kind entnimmt eine Krankenschwester mit einem Stich in die Ferse eine Blutprobe .
Die landet im PKU - Register , einer 1975 eingerichteten staatlichen Biobank .
Dort wird die Probe auf Krankheiten hin untersucht , deren Symptome erst in einem späteren Lebensalter sichtbar werden könnten .
Die Probe wird gelagert und darf für Forschungszwecke - und ausschließlich für Forschungszwecke - verwendet werden .
Auf diese Biobank , die gleichzeitig ein potenzielles DNA - Register über mittlerweile dreieinhalb Millionen SchwedInnen unter 34 Jahren ist , hat die Regierung in Stockholm nun ein Auge geworfen .
Über eine Änderung des Biobank - Gesetzes soll die Möglichkeit geschaffen werden , dieses der polizeilichen Ermittlungsarbeit zugänglich zu machen .
Für die Initiative hätte wohl kaum ein schlechterer Zeitpunkt gewählt werden können .
Die durch die Verabschiedung des " Orwell - Gesetzes " , das eine nahezu vollständige Kontrolle der E - Mail - und Telefon - Kommunikation schaffen soll , sowieso sensibilisierte schwedische Öffentlichkeit , hat nun gleich eine weitere Debatte zum Thema Überwachungsstaat bekommen .
" Überwacht , abgehört und jetzt auch noch das Blut registriert " , kommentiert die Stockholmer Tageszeitung Svenska Dagbladet .
Am Rande oder jenseits der Legalität war das PKU - Register in der Vergangenheit schon hin und wieder für Polizeiermittlungen zugänglich gemacht worden .
Der letzte öffentlich bekannt gewordene Fall stand im Zusammenhang mit der Suche nach dem Mörder der Außenministerin Anna Lindh 2003 .
Damals war im PKU - Register tatsächlich das letzte Puzzleteil gefunden worden , um den Mörder zu überführen .
Früher hatte das Register aber auch entlastende Beweise für Mordverdächtige geliefert .
Es gibt nur einen
Weg , einen staatlichen Zugriff auf die eigene DNA vorbeugend zu verhindern : Man muss deren Vernichtung beantragen .
Am Freitag veröffentlichte der MUF , die Jugendorganisation der regierenden Konservativen , vorformulierte Musterbriefe , mit denen man bei der Biobank die Zerstörung der eigenen Blutprobe beantragen kann .
" Wir wollen damit signalisieren , dass es nun reicht mit den Integritätsverstößen " , begründet MUF - Vorsitzender Niklas Wykman .
Ab dem Moment , in dem die Sicherheitsbehörden auf das Register zugreifen können , soll nach dem Willen der Regierung die Möglichkeit entfallen , die eigene Probe vernichten zu lassen .
REINHARD WOLFF
The evidence amassed by F.B.I. investigators against Dr. Bruce E. Ivins , the Army scientist who killed himself last week after learning that he was likely to be charged in the anthrax letter attacks of 2001 , was largely circumstantial , and a grand jury in Washington was planning to hear several more weeks of testimony before issuing an indictment , a person who has been briefed on the investigation said on Sunday .
While genetic analysis had linked the anthrax letters to a supply of the deadly bacterium in Dr. Ivins ’s laboratory at Fort Detrick , Md. , at least 10 people had access to the flask containing that anthrax , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the investigation publicly .
Agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation also have no evidence proving that Dr. Ivins visited New Jersey on the dates in September and October 2001 when investigators believe the letters were sent from a Princeton mailbox , the source said .
The source acknowledged that there might be some elements of the evidence of which he was unaware .
And while he characterized what he did know about as “ damning , ” he said that instead of irrefutable proof , investigators had an array of indirect evidence that they argue strongly implicates Dr. Ivins in the attacks , which killed 5 people and sickened 17 others .
By Rachid Sekkai ,
BBC News
Lauren Booth , sister - in - law of Middle East envoy Tony Blair will be on board About 45 people are here in the port of Larnaca in Cyprus , preparing to sail south to Gaza .
The group includes Americans , Palestinians and Israelis among the 15 nationalities represented .
President of the Free Gaza Movement , Greta Berlin explains the mission .
" This is a non-violent resistance project to challenge Israel 's siege of Gaza .
Israel claims that Gaza is no longer occupied , yet Israeli forces control Gaza by land , sea and air " .
Israel imposed an economic blockade on Gaza after Hamas forces violently seized control from Fatah in June 2007 .
The squeeze is also aimed at stopping militants firing rockets at southern Israel .
No Israeli authorisation
The organisers ' plan is to enter Gaza from international waters without Israel 's authorisation , to recognise Palestinian control over its own borders .
Two wooden boats , Free Gaza and Liberty , will also carry a cargo of 200 hearing aids which are destined for children in Gaza whose hearing has been damaged by explosions and sonic booms .
Americans , Palestinians and Israelis are joining together on the trip Lauren Booth , sister - in - law of the former British Prime Minister Tony Blair who is now an international envoy to the Middle East , tells me she is travelling as both supporter and reporter .
" I dearly want to go to Gaza again to support the Palestinians and to show the world the reality of what 's going on there " .
Holocaust survivor Hedy Epstein is making the journey - at the age of 83 - for humanitarian reasons .
" We intend to open the port , fish with the fishermen , and work in the schools " .
The organisers have been open about the risks involved in making such a trip .
Greta Berlin says if the first boat is stopped or attacked by Israeli forces , the passengers will use non-violent resistance , and the second vessel will follow " no matter what " .
Note 14 August 2008 : An earlier version of this story was billed as a diary entry .
We will not now be covering the voyage in the format of a diary , but we will continue to report on its progress .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
" A family with children asked them to tone down their language .
The girls started shouting and it escalated from there .
Stewards tried to calm it down .
The pilot came on and said , ' We 'll kick you off and we 're over Serbia – and the police in Serbia are n't nice ' .
Secular Service in Michigan
Who cares ?
We do !
“ The happiest people I have known have been those who gave themselves no concern about their own souls , but did their uttermost to mitigate the miseries of others . ”
These words , spoken by social activist Elizabeth Cady Stanton around the turn of the twentieth century , still ring true today .
It is exactly …
Mr Sarkozy said the 35 - hour week hampered France 's competitiveness
France 's parliament has passed a law which effectively ends the country 's compulsory 35 - hour working week .
The new law will allow companies to strike individual deals with unions on working hours and overtime .
Since coming into office last year , President Nicolas Sarkozy has blamed the 35 - hour week for damaging France 's economic competitiveness .
Introduced 10 years ago by the then Socialist government , polls show most French still support the 35 - hour week .
Aimed at cutting unemployment , it was credited with creating some 350,000 new jobs between 1998 and 2002 - but the state had to provide billions of euros in aid .
Mr Sarkozy , analysts say , has been careful not to do away with the popular 35 - hour working week completely .
' Pandora 's box '
The new measures - which allow individual firms to agree a maximum number of working days , overtime and time off in lieu directly with staff - are expected to come into force at the end of August .
" Companies will at last be able to operate a management policy based on a secure legal framework , it 's a remarkable advance for the economy , " said Daniele Giazzi of the governing UMP party .
In the big companies , no - one wants to renegotiate the 35 - hours and re-open Pandora 's Box
Union leader Philippe Jaeger
Getting the French to work
Having been approved earlier this month by the National Assembly - France 's lower house of parliament - the measures passed a vote in the Senate , the upper house , late on Wednesday .
The bill was supported by the Senate 's centre - right majority but opposed by the opposition Socialists .
The Senate also adopted other key measures reforming rules on strikes and unemployment benefits , tightening up the criteria for receiving them .
Unions say the new measures will mainly affect smaller and medium - sized firms .
" In the big companies , no - one wants to renegotiate the 35 hours and reopen Pandora 's Box , " said Philippe Jaeger , of managers ' union CFE - CGC .
The United States was engaged in a number of secret aviation projects during World War II .
Two of them , not revealed to the public for many years , involved American fliers that were being trained to attack enemy forces and die in the process , kamikaze style .
However , these fliers were not humans but common bats and pigeons , drafted to make surprise bombing raids on enemy forces .
A dental surgeon from Irwin , Pa. , is credited with the idea of using bats as bombers .
And a behavioral psychologist , also a Pennsylvanian , showed how pigeons could guide bombs directly to surface targets .
The two projects were not related , and the two men never met .
Dr. Lytle S. Adams was vacationing in the Southwest on December 7 , 1941 , when he heard the shocking news of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
Adams immediately headed home .
He had just visited Carlsbad Caverns , N.M. — believed to house the world ’s largest bat colony — where he had been fascinated by the bats that emerged nightly to feed on insects .
Thinking about that impressive colony , the dentist asked himself : ‘ Could n’t those millions of bats be fitted with incendiary bombs and dropped from planes ?
What could be more devastating than such a firebomb attack ? ’ he recalled in a 1948 interview .
He stopped by Carlsbad on his way home and captured some Mexican free - tail bats , the most common species in North America .
The free - tails , also known as guano bats , are small brown mammals capable of catching more than 1,000 mosquitoes or gnats in a night .
Weighing about 9 grams , the free - tails can carry an external load more than twice their own weight .
Back home , Adams looked up everything he could find about the tiny mammals and discovered that although bats are frequently vilified by the public , they are not usually dangerous to humans .
They are n’t blind , do n’t get tangled up in one ’s hair and do n’t attack people .
Although generally considered evil in Europe , they symbolize prosperity and happiness in China .
The Navajo Indians believe them to be intermediaries between men and the gods .
They range in size from the bumblebee bat of Thailand , which weighs less than a penny , to the mastiff bat , North America ’s largest flying mammal with a 22 - inch wingspread , and the giant flying fox bat with a 6 - foot wingspan , found primarily in Indonesia .
Adams became convinced that bats could be used as bombers .
On January 12 , 1942 , he sent a letter to the White House proposing that the government investigate this possibility .
His suggestion was considered , along with hundreds of others from well - meaning citizens with war - winning ideas , but his was one of the few that reached the desk of the commander in chief .
President Franklin D. Roosevelt forwarded a memo to Colonel William J. Donovan , then coordinator of information , with a cryptic notation : ‘ This man is not a nut .
It sounds like a perfectly wild idea but is worth looking into . ’
In fact , Adams had already made a name for himself as an inventor .
In the 1920s and ’30s he launched a 15 - year campaign to perfect an airmail pickup system ( see ‘ People and Planes ’ in the March 2005 issue ) .
Donovan sent the proposal to the National Defense Research Committee ( NDRC ) of the National Inventors Council .
After reviewing Adams ’ idea , a memorandum titled ‘ Use of Bats as Vectors of Incendiary Bombs ’ was sent to the committee on April 16 , 1942 , by Donald R. Griffin , a special - research assistant .
He described the proposal as using ‘ very large numbers of bats , each carrying a small incendiary time bomb .
The bats would be released at night from airplanes , preferably at high altitudes and the incendiaries would be timed to ignite after the bats had descended to low altitudes and taken shelter for the day .
Since bats often roost in buildings , they could be released over settled areas with a good expectation that a large percentage would be roosting in buildings or other inflammable installations … when the incendiary material was ignited . ’
Griffin summarized his memo by saying that , although ‘ this proposal seems bizarre and visionary at first glance … extensive experience with experimental biology convinces the writer that if executed competently it would have every chance of success . ’
He recommended an investigation ‘ with all possible speed , accuracy and efficiency ’ by the U.S. Army Air Forces .
Bomb development was passed on to the Army Chemical Warfare Service .
Adams and a team of naturalists were immediately authorized to find bats for experimentation .
The team visited a number of likely sites in Texas and New Mexico where the bats could be found in large quantities — mostly in caves , but also under bridges , in barns and in large piles of rubbish .
‘ We visited a thousand caves and three thousand mines , ’ Adams said .
‘ Speed was so imperative that we generally drove all day and night , when we were n’t exploring caves .
We slept in the cars , taking turns at driving .
One car in our search team covered 350,000 miles . ’
The team first investigated the mastiff bat , which they determined could carry a 1 - pound stick of dynamite .
But there was not a sufficient number of that variety available .
The more common bat was the mule - eared or pallid species , which could carry 3 ounces .
However , the naturalists concluded that the species was not sufficiently hardy for the work that needed to be done .
They finally settled on the Mexican free - tail bat for the project .
Although it weighed only one - third of an ounce , experiments showed that it could fly fairly well with a payload of 15 to 18 grams .
The Army ’s Edgewood Arsenal in Maryland , near Washington , D.C. , was to design an incendiary bomb weighing no more than 18 grams .
The largest colony of free - tails found during the search was an estimated 20 to 30 million that lived in the limestone Ney and Bracken caves near Bandera , in southwest Texas .
At Ney Cave , U.S. Army Captain Wiley W. Carr reported that ‘ five hours ’ time is required for these animals to leave the cave while flying out in a dense stream fifteen feet in diameter and so closely packed they can barely fly . ’
Capturing the bats was not difficult .
Team members passed nets on long poles back and forth over the cave entrance as the bats emerged from their lairs .
As many as 100 were captured in two or three passes , after which they were placed in a refrigerated truck .
Adams took some to the Chemical Warfare Service headquarters at Aberdeen , Md. , and released them to show Army officials how they could each carry a dummy bomb .
There was much opposition to the project from CWS officials , but in March 1943 the Army Air Forces issued authority for the project to proceed by a memo — Subject : ‘ Test of Method to Scatter Incendiaries . ’
Purpose : ‘ Determine the feasibility of using bats to carry small incendiary bombs into enemy targets . ’
Project members studied the habits of the bats intently .
Louis F. Fieser , assigned as chief chemist for the Adams project , began to design bombs light enough to be carried by the free - tails .
His research showed that the British had designed miniature bombs during World War I called ‘ baby incendiaries ’ made of thermite that weighed 6.4 ounces .
Fieser made two sizes of incendiaries that were oblong celluloid cases filled with thickened kerosene .
A small time - delay igniter fuse was attached along one side .
One size weighed 17 grams and would burn for four minutes with a 10 - inch flame .
The other weighed 22 grams and would burn for six minutes with a 12 - inch flame .
The time - delay igniter consisted of a firing pin held in tension against a spring by a thin steel wire .
When the bombs were prepared for use , a copper chloride solution was injected into the cavity through which the steel wire passed .
The copper chloride would corrode the wire in time ; when it was completely corroded through , the firing pin snapped forward , striking the igniter head and lighting the kerosene .
To attach the bomb to a bat , technicians clipped the case to the loose skin on the bat ’s chest with a surgical clip and a piece of string .
The bats were dropped from a plane in a cardboard container that would open in midair at about 1,000 feet .
According to one CWS report , the bats were then expected ‘ to fly into hiding in dwellings or other structures , gnaw through the string , and leave the bombs behind . ’
In early May 1943 , about 3,500 bats were collected at Carlsbad Caverns and flown in a North American B - 25 that had been assigned to the project to Muroc Dry Lake , Calif . , for tests .
The bats were placed in refrigerators and forced to hibernate .
On May 21 , 1943 , five boxes of bats were dropped from 5,000 feet , but the test was unsuccessful because the bats , not fully recovered from hibernation , could not fly .
The project was transferred to an auxiliary field under construction at Carlsbad , and secret tests continued .
This time bats were placed in ice cube trays and cooled off to place them in hibernation .
They were then positioned in cardboard cartons for the drop tests .
Captain Carr explained the procedure : ‘ Bats were taken from the refrigeration truck in a hibernated state in lots of approximately fifty .
They were taken individually by a biologist , and about a one - half inch of loose chest skin was pinched away from the flesh .
While this operation was being done , another group was preparing the incendiaries .
One operator injected the solution in the delay [ mechanism ] , another sealed the hole with wax , and another placed the surgical clip that was fastened to the incendiary by a short string … .
The incendiary was then handed to a trained helper who fastened it to the chest of the bat . ’
Drops of the bats were made with dummy bombs from a B - 25 and a Piper L - 4 Cub , but troubles once again developed .
Many of the bats did n’t awaken from hibernation in time to be able to fly , the cardboard cartons did n’t always open properly , and the surgical clips proved difficult to attach to the chests of the bats .
Team members worked to resolve these problems , and more bats were secured .
This time , however , they woke up too quickly when they were released , then escaped .
Captain Carr stated in an interim report : ‘ The bats used at Carlsbad weighed an average of nine grams .
They could carry eleven grams without any trouble and eighteen grams satisfactorily , but twenty - two grams appeared to be excessive .
These did n’t fly very far , and three returned in a few minutes to the building where we were working .
One flew underneath , one landed on the roof , and one attached itself to the wall .
The ones with eleven - gram dummies flew out of sight .
The next day an examination of the grounds around a ranch house about two miles away from the point of release disclosed two dummies inside the porch , one beside the house , and one inside the barn . ’
Tests continued , and more than 6,000 bats were used in the experiments .
In a report dated June 8 , 1943 , Carr stated that if further tests were to be carried out , a better time - delay parachute - type container , new clips and a simplified time - delay igniter should be designed .
He added that ‘ testing was concluded … when a fire destroyed a large portion of the test material . ’
What he did n’t point out was that a barracks , a control tower and other buildings at the Carlsbad auxiliary field had been set afire by the bats on the not - yet - occupied base .
The Army had had enough of the experiment by August 1943 , and the project was passed to the Navy and assigned to the Marine Corps as Project X - Ray .
Marines were assigned to guard four bat caves in Texas , and their first tests began on December 13 , 1943 .
Experiments were carried out with improved ‘ egg crate ’ trays and bomb shells .
In the course of those tests , 30 fires were started — 22 of which went out on their own .
New and more powerful incendiaries were ordered , and full - scale tests were planned for August 1944 .
However , when the Navy learned that it would take until mid-1945 to complete the tests , the 27 - month , $ 2 million project was canceled — ‘ not based on any shortcomings of the incendiary and time units developed , ’ according to the notice , ‘ but rather upon the shortcomings of the fundamental idea and the opportunity of getting sufficient reliable data in order to plan a timely operation . ’
Adams was very disappointed .
He maintained that fires set by bat bombers could have been more destructive to Japanese cities than the two atomic bombs .
He noted that bats had scattered up to 20 miles during the tests , adding , ‘ Think of thousands of fires breaking out simultaneously over a circle of forty miles in diameter for every bomb dropped .
Japan could have been devastated , yet with small loss of life . ’
Meanwhile , tests had been ongoing for some time to train birds as kamikaze pilots .
Burrhus Frederic Skinner , a behavioral psychologist at the University of Minnesota who believed that pigeons could be trained to guide missiles , originated the idea of using birds as bombers .
A scientist noted for his view that learning occurred as a result of an organism responding to , or operating on , its environment , he did extensive research with animals , notably rats and pigeons , and concluded that a rat or pigeon could learn to press a lever in order to obtain food .
Skinner wondered , after the Germans bombed Warsaw in 1939 , whether a shell or missile could be designed that could be guided to a ground target from an aircraft .
He was riding on a train at the time and saw a flock of birds lifting and wheeling in formation as they flew alongside the train .
‘ Suddenly I saw them as `devices ’ with excellent vision and extraordinary maneuverability , ’ he recalled .
‘ Could they not guide a missile ?
Was the answer to the problem waiting for me in my own back yard ? ’
Skinner , who already had much experience with birds , chose to work with them in many experiments because they have better vision than humans , are faster in their movements , can distinguish colors , do n’t get airsick and are more easily handled than many other animals .
He decided to focus on pigeons because he discovered that they are more predictable than other birds .
Skinner bought some pigeons at a poultry store and started teaching the birds to earn kernels of grain by pecking at a specific target image .
During this training the birds were held in position in front of a screen by means of a special harness .
‘ Feet and wings would be hard to harness , ’ he reasoned , ‘ but the head and neck might be used .
The pigeon ’s eyes could pick out a target , movement of its neck could produce signals to steer the missile , and its head and neck together could pick up grain as a reinforcer .
‘ I found that I could conveniently package a pigeon in a man ’s sock with its head and neck protruding through a hole in the toe and its wings and legs drawn together at the back and lightly tied with a shoestring .
The jacketed bird could be strapped to a block of wood and put into an apparatus . ’
Skinner built a system in which the pigeon steered by moving pairs of lightweight rods around its neck .
By lifting or lowering its head , the bird closed electrical contacts operating a hoist .
By moving its head from side to side , it drove a hoist back and forth on an overhead track .
A bull ’s - eye was placed on a far wall of the room , a few grains of food were placed in a small cup in the center , and the apparatus was pushed toward it .
By moving up or down and from side to side , the pigeon could reach the wall in position to take the grain .
‘ My pigeons became quite adept at this , ’ Skinner recalled in his autobiography .
‘ I pushed them faster and faster across the room until they were operating the moving hoist as fast as the motors permitted . ’
He next worked out a system whereby the pigeon pecks were picked up as an electronic signal and transferred to a control system .
As the image moved off center , the pigeon would peck frantically to bring the device back on track ; the resulting signals would operate the simulated missile control system to center the device on the target .
With practice , his birds hit the target with near perfect accuracy and could easily distinguish one target from another .
Skinner , convinced that his idea had merit , contacted members of the National Inventors Council , who were startled by the proposal and rejected the idea with the comment that it was unrelated to national defense .
Undeterred , Skinner made his proposal to the NDRC on June 9 , 1941 , but again he received a polite ‘ No . ’
News of the Pearl Harbor attack sparked Skinner to resume his work .
He filmed his pigeons in action and again contacted the NDRC , and this time government scientists showed mild interest but felt it was a long shot .
When A.D. Hyde , then head of the mechanical division of General Mills Inc. , heard about the revolutionary idea , he was at first skeptical that pigeons could be trained as flying suicide bombs .
However , he thought Skinner ’s reasoning was sound and persuaded the company ’s top management to back the project with technical help until it could be turned over to a government agency .
With this support , Skinner ’s system was refined .
The previous harness was discarded in favor of a more practical lens and screen grid with a special servo-control mechanism .
The force of the pigeon ’s pecking motion was increased by running a bomb ’s gyro and controls in a vacuum and by placing valves behind the top , bottom and sides of the flexible screen .
When the pigeon tapped one of these valves , it opened , permitting air pressure to build up in the system and operate the fins on the bomb .
When the target image was at dead center and the pigeon pecked at dead center , all the valves opened an equal amount and the setting was unchanged .
At this stage , the project showed enough promise that the newly formed Office of Scientific Research and Development ( OSRD ) awarded Skinner a contract in June 1943 under the name of Project Pigeon for ‘ a homing device . ’
The inventor ‘ recruited ’ a squadron of 64 pigeons ( 40 homers and 24 ordinary pigeons ) from local sources and began their training .
The birds were left without food for 36 hours , then placed in a cage with some grain about 30 minutes a day .
The target for the actual bombing experiments , to be located in Florida , was a white pyramid on a green field , so Skinner used a screen of white triangles cut into green paper .
Once a bird learned that pecking the white pyramids would produce a few kernels of grain , it was conditioned to expect to be fed when he saw them .
As soon as the bird had learned to break through light paper , heavier sheets were substituted .
Eventually the pigeon was pecking with the force of a miniature air hammer .
Once a bird had completed this ‘ primary ’ training , it was graduated to an advanced trainer .
This was a lightproof box mounted over a projection screen .
A moving picture of a ground target appeared on this screen , and whenever the pigeon pecked it on the screen it caused an electrical contact to close and a small drawer to pop out containing kernels of grain .
This training worked well for a time , but the pigeons quickly learned they could get the grain no matter where they pecked the screen and began to disregard the target itself .
Skinner outsmarted them by crossing two beams of light at right angles in front of the image .
From then on , a pigeon had to peck the target image at dead center in order to break both beams of light and actuate a photoelectric relay to release the food .
Skinner then added a new tactic .
He found he could feed the birds at regular time intervals or after a certain number of pecks .
After a while , the pigeons learned to rap out as many as four pecks a second for more than two minutes without a break , and would work feverishly to prevent the target image from moving off dead center .
In one final test , Skinner put each bird into a hand - operated trainer .
A person sat behind each pigeon and moved a color photo projected on the screen , at the same time operating the food magazine .
The pigeon had to peck correctly or he got no food at all .
According to the report on these experiments : ‘ There was n’t a single washout in the entire class of 64 .
Every bird earned his wings with an A grade . ’
Other experiments followed to test the birds ’ psychological fitness for battle .
Target pistols were fired only a few inches from a bird ’s head .
The pigeons did n’t miss a peck , did n’t even look up .
Other extremely loud noises were introduced .
Again , the pigeons stayed at their task .
Skinner also put the pigeons in a pressure chamber , setting the altitude at 10,000 feet .
They were also whirled around in a centrifuge , put on pure oxygen and exposed to bright flashes , simulating shell bursts .
High vibrations were also introduced , and the birds were subjected to massive G forces without harmful effects .
Following the success of those experiments , pigeons were placed in three , five and seven tandem positions in a missile to see whether , if one or more birds became obstinate or lazy , the majority could override any incorrect signals and keep the missile on course .
The final test was to see whether a male pigeon placed alongside a female would abandon his task or vice versa .
Once more , the birds ’ dedication to the mission was paramount .
They pecked away at the target ; hunger overcame any other desires .
Skinner also learned that pigeons were seemingly fearless when feeding on hemp seed .
They worked faster when it was used in place of the standard grain .
When sufficient data had been collected on the pigeons , it was sent to Washington for evaluation .
Time passed , and Skinner was invited to OSRD to plead his case before a group of scientists .
He brought a jacketed pigeon with him in a box , facing a translucent screen on which a target could be projected from across the room .
He described what happened :
The pigeon had been in its jacket for 36 hours , and we had checked the box into and out of the baggage window at Chicago and had carried it with us on two long train rides .
If the image on the screen was to be clear , the box would have to be closed , and I had installed a tube through which the pigeon could be watched without admitting too much light , but it would take too long to look down a tube , one person at a time , and I was asked to open the box .
That meant that the pigeon saw a very faint image .
Nevertheless , it performed beautifully , pecking steadily as we moved the target about .
Someone put his hand in the beam from the projector and the pigeon stopped quickly .
It started again just as quickly when the hand was withdrawn .
There could scarcely have been a better demonstration of the extraordinary predictability of behavior , the keenness of a pigeon ’s vision , the accuracy of its responses , and its freedom from distraction .
However , on October 8 , 1944 , Skinner and his associates were told that ‘ further prosecution of this project would seriously delay others which in the minds of the Division have more immediate promise of combat application . ’
Skinner , like Adams , was disappointed after so much effort had gone into his project .
He commented in one of his books that if they meant other guided missile projects had more potential , ‘ the United States had not only no way of guiding a missile but no missile worth guiding .
The Germans were far ahead .
In September 1943 , long before our final meeting in Washington , they had used missiles controlled by radio from mother planes to wreak havoc on the American fleet landing soldiers at Salerno . ’
Skinner kept his pigeons at home and used the box he had taken to Washington to see if they would retain what they had learned .
He tested them at six months , a year , two , four and six years later .
All of them accurately struck the target , which enabled him to conclude his work had been worthwhile .
While his pigeons were never tested in combat , he was confident they could have carried out their missions .
In the years following World War II , the U.S. Navy became more interested in missiles and their use against surface ships .
The reports on Project Pigeon remained classified , but they were unearthed from the Navy files in 1948 and given new life under the designation Project Orcon ( for organic control ) .
The Naval Research Laboratory was tasked with ‘ conducting a program of research to determine the feasibility of using pigeons as the sensing element for controlling missiles . ’
Tests were conducted over the next five years , using a sophisticated trainer that simulated a missile .
The pigeon suspended inside faced a screen on which color photos of actual ships were projected .
A metal contact was attached to its beak , and a flexible wire from it linked the bird to the missile .
A gridless screen made of electrically conducting glass tracked where the pigeon had pecked it .
The servo-motors then steered the missile to a target ship , and the bird was rewarded with the usual kernels of corn .
Repeated performances showed that the pigeons could guide missiles — well enough under ideal conditions to score hits , although clouds , waves and shadows could throw them off course .
Project Orcon was canceled in 1953 , when electronic guidance systems for missiles were deemed reliable .
The Orcon test results , however , were kept under wraps for six more years before they were declassified .
Meanwhile , there was an important spinoff from the research .
The electrical conducting glass developed for the pigeon training became a key feature in the combat control centers of U.S. warships .
It was employed by plotters using magnetic probes to trace the course of attacking aircraft .
Although bats and pigeons were never used to bomb enemy targets , the test results show that they could have .
It is interesting to speculate what the results might have been if they had actually gone to war .
This article was written by C.V. Glines , an award - winning aviation author and a member of Aviation History ‘s editorial advisory board .
For additional reading , try : Bat Bomb , by Jack Couffer , or The Shaping of a Behaviorist , by B.F. Skinner .
This article was originally published in the May 2005 issue of Aviation History .
For more great articles subscribe to Aviation History magazine today !
I think some people occasionally mix up : include and : joins ( or possibly do n’t know of the existance of : joins ) .
: include is for loading associations .
Before Rails 2.1 it will always left outer join the appropriate tables , starting with rails 2.1 it will either load them with a separate query or it will join the appropriate tables .
: joins is for joining ( duh ) .
It either takes an sql fragment ( eg “ INNER JOIN foos on foos . id = foo_id ” ) or association names in a variety of ways and joins the relevant tables .
For example :
1 2 3 4 5 : joins => : products : joins => [ : products , :customers ] : joins => [ : products , { : customers => [ : friends , : foes ] } ] : joins => [ : products , { : customers => { : friends => : parents }} ] : joins => { :order => { : customer => { :address => :some_other_association
}}}
and so on .
You can nest these as deeply as you want ( although bear in mind that if you end up requiring a 23 way join you may want to rethink your strategy ) .
The same notation for nested associations is used by :include .
The one difference is that : joins creates inner joins for you ( if you desperately need those outer joins , you can always use the string form of : joins , but you will have to write the sql fragment explicitly ) .
If what you want is to use attributes from the joined tables for sorting or in your conditions then both : include and : joins will work since they both cause the relevant tables to be joined .
But : include then does a lot more work massaging the results that come back from the database , instantiating lots of activerecord objects , gluing together all the relationships in the appropriate manner .
If all you wanted was to order or filter results based on some of the joined attributes then this work is wasted .
Just to show that I ’m not making things up , I performed the following unscientific test :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Benchmark . bm ( 7 ) do | x | x .
report ( " include : " ) do Customer .
find :all , : include => :customer_detail , :conditions => " customer_details.date_of_birth >= ' 1980 -01 - 1' " end x . report ( " joins : " ) do Customer .
find :all , : joins => :customer_detail , :conditions => " customer_details.date_of_birth >= ' 1980-01 -1' " end end
Some customers have provided extra details which we store in a separate table , and we want to get all customers born after 1980 .
The results :
user system total real include 1.310000 0.040000 1.350000 ( 1.532910 ) joins 0.350000 0.040000 0.390000 ( 0.454001 )
In short , do n’t use : include unless you will actually be accessing those associations and want to avoid the hit caused by loading them from the database one by one .
The most surreal part of this routine is that his opponents do n't tend to disagree with him openly .
Instead , they simply pretend that he has n't spoken at all , or that whatever he 's said has been catastrophically misinterpreted .
This produces some bizarre moments , such as on Sunday when the Opposition spokesman for the environment , Greg Hunt , under questioning from the ABC's Barrie Cassidy after a week of increasingly hysterical public division within the Libs , began an answer : " Well , firstly , everybody in their public statements has been absolutely clear about where we 're at . "
With respect to Hunt , who may well himself have been quite clear at regular intervals , this was about as convincing as Amy Winehouse kicking off an answer with : " As you know , if there 's one thing I simply cannot bear , it 's recreational drug use . "
But you can understand why the colleagues might retreat into denial .
Nelson has a strange approach to problem - solving , in which he operates both as canary and mine shaft .
When confronted with a twisty political or philosophical conundrum , he 'll dabble with both sides of the argument , always passionately , sometimes angrily , and occasionally simultaneously .
His delivery is often backfilled with personal anecdote about poor or blighted people of his direct acquaintance ; this tends to muddy the waters and prevent a clear view of his opinion .
On the questions of the national apology and climate change , it became clear over a period of months that what Nelson was actually doing was conducting an argument with himself .
For a leader to argue with himself in public is bad enough .
But what makes it worse is that he keeps losing .
The substantial result is that colleagues of Nelson 's have stopped responding to what he says .
Nelson now needs a permanent asterisk above his head for the purposes of any broadcast , with a discreet disclaimer down the bottom of the screen .
" Views expressed are the opinion of the speaker at this moment .
They do not necessarily represent the views of the Liberal Party .
They do not necessarily represent the views of the shadow cabinet .
They almost certainly will not represent the views of the speaker by about 10 past four tomorrow afternoon . "
This is bad news for any politician .
But it could be worse .
Imagine if Dr Disclaimer were actually your GP ?
The first consultation would sound something like this : " Good morning .
First of all , I 'd like to acknowledge the traditional owners of this surgery .
And the great Australians , from the prime ministers to the graziers to the bloke who runs the Wendy 's in Launceston ( G'day mate ! ) , who have made this nation the proud , big - spirited place it is today .
On my way into the consulting rooms today , I was stopped in the street by a little old lady .
She was carrying a tin with $ 3 worth of petrol in it .
And she said to me : ' Brendan ' .
( I always ask that people call me Brendan . ) ' Brendan , ' she said .
' I 'm not rich or important .
I do n't have a medical degree .
But I 've got this rash on my arm .
Can you help me ? '
And that 's what this health system is all about .
And if I ever forget that little old lady , if I ever turn my back on her , then you can go ahead and repierce my ear , because you 'll know I 've given up .
In your own case , I 'm absolutely convinced it 's a cold .
Which is not to say it 's not cancer . "
You might be forgiven for feeling confused .
By the second consultation , you'd be dead , and probably featuring in one of Nelson 's famous reveries about dead people he has known .
One of the surest signs that Dr Disclaimer 's goose is cooked came on Thursday night , when Hunt returned to the airways to praise him so effusively that no doubt could possibly remain of his imminent demise .
" Brendan Nelson will lead us to the election and he will do that because he is a very driven individual with a passion for Australia , a passion for the challenges that mums and dads and pensioners face .
He is not taken by the rich and famous , the high and mighty .
He actually enjoys and loves going to … whether it's the Camden or the Campbelltown or the Berwick or the Pakenham shopping centres , " Hunt insisted during a Lateline interview .
This is politics , where the richer the praise , the cooler the corpse .
Jeffrey Denning
The Washington Times
July 8 , 2008
A senior government official with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) has expressed great interest in a so - called safety bracelet that would serve as a stun device , similar to that of a police Taser® .
According to this promotional video found at the Lamperd Less Lethal website , the bracelet would be worn by all airline passengers .
This bracelet would :
• take the place of an airline boarding pass
• contain personal information about the traveler
• be able to monitor the whereabouts of each passenger and his / her luggage
• shock the wearer on command , completely immobilizing him / her for several minutes
The Electronic ID Bracelet , as it ’s referred to as , would be worn by every traveler “ until they disembark the flight at their destination . ”
Yes , you read that correctly .
Every airline passenger would be tracked by a government - funded GPS , containing personal , private and confidential information , and that it would shock the customer worse than an electronic dog collar if he / she got out of line ?
Clearly the Electronic ID Bracelet is an euphuism for the EMD Safety Bracelet , or at least it has a nefarious hidden ability , thus the term ID Bracelet is ambiguous at best .
EMD stands for Electro - Musclar Disruption .
Again , according to the promotional video the bracelet can completely immobilize the wearer for several minutes .
So is the government really that interested in this bracelet ?
Yes !
According to a letter from DHS official , Paul S. Ruwaldt of the Science and Technology Directorate , office of Research and Development , to the inventor whom he had previously met with , he wrote , “ To make it clear , we [ the federal government ] are interested in …the immobilizing security bracelet , and look forward to receiving a written proposal . ”
The letterhead , in case you were wondering , came from the DHS office at the William J. Hughes Technical Center at the Atlantic City International Airport , or the Federal Aviation Administration headquarters .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The 3 prizes are valued at over $ 10,000 !
Only 300 tickets
End
-- Support the Key West Symphony Orchestra by making a donation for a $ 100 ticket and be entered to win one of three prizes in the Sunset Key Drawing .
The 3 prizes are valued at over $ 10,000 !
Only 300 tickets available !
1st prize - Includes seven days and six nights in Key West ’s most luxurious tropical island .
Sunset Key Island2nd prize - A Panasonic Viera TH - 37PA50H ( 37 - inch plasma ) .3rd prize -
We will send you a VISA / MasterCard gift card with a value of $ 500 dollars .
The card is usable anywhere that takes a visa or master card .
What began as a dream to make live symphonic music available to her community and to educate children , Musical Director and Conductor , Sebrina Maria Alfonso , made it a reality on December 11 , 1998 .
Drawing the best musicians from around the country , the Key West Symphony Orchestra made a name for itself as the premier orchestra in the Florida Keys .
The symphony survives with the support from the community and corporate sponsors .
Your support will help keep the dream alive !
Go to :
No Changes On Final Fantasy Versus XIII Being PS3 ‘ Exclusive ’
Square Enix ’s pledge of allegiance to the Xbox 360 platform in the form of a Final Fantasy XIII port may have shaken the PlayStation fanbase to its very core .
The loss of yet another PlayStation 3 “ exclusive ” essentially makes message boards the equivalent of a dark alley for Sony devotees .
What about the other Final Fantasy XIII project , Final Fantasy Versus XIII ?
Shinji Hashimoto of Square Enix said at the publisher ’s press conference today that plans for Final Fantasy Versus XIII to ship as a PlayStation 3 exclusive have n’t changed .
Of course , we have no inkling about what exactly Square Enix ’s plans for the title have been from the get go , as the core entry , FF XIII , has long been touted as coming “ only to PlayStation 3 ” .
Stay strong , console warriors .
We think it ’d be best to resign yourselves to the fact that third party console exclusives are but a thing of the past and that both Xbox 360 and PS3 owners will be enjoying the title by 2012 .
Gallup Daily : Obama - Biden Ticket Leads by 6 Points
No further increase for Obama since before Thursday 's speech
PRINCETON , NJ -- Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Aug. 28 - 30 , including two days of interviewing since the close of the Democratic National Convention , finds Barack Obama with a six percentage point lead over John McCain in the presidential contest , 48 % to 42 % .
Though down slightly from the eight - point lead Obama held mid-convention , this represents a clear improvement for the Democratic candidate 's positioning in the campaign compared to a week ago when the race was about tied .
The last Gallup update conducted entirely before Obama 's convention and vice presidential announcement was based on interviews conducted Aug. 20 - 22 , and showed Obama up by two points , 46 % to 44 % .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 click here . )
As the recent trend shows , Obama did not gain any additional support in the poll since his generally well - reviewed acceptance speech on Thursday night .
However , the Aug. 28-30 field period also includes two days of interviewing since the Friday morning announcement by McCain that he has chosen Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to join him on the Republican ticket .
Thus , it is unclear whether the full positive impact on national voters of the Democratic convention or Obama 's speech would have been greater if not for the Palin announcement .
As Gallup has noted in recent weeks , both the vice presidential selections and the national conventions have historically produced small bumps in support for the presidential candidates associated with those events ( on the order of about five percentage points for each ) .
However , this year , Obama 's announcement of Joe Biden as his running mate produced no immediate increase in support for Obama in a one - night USA Today / Gallup reaction poll .
Given that the immediate reaction by national voters to Palin was very similar to their first reaction to Biden -- mildly positive but also with a high degree of uncertainty about each -- it may not be surprising if the publicity surrounding her announcement also does not produce an immediate bounce in support for McCain .
The mounting news coverage over the past 48 hours of the impending landfall of Hurricane Gustav on the Gulf Coast introduces still another variable into the mix of factors possibly affecting voter reaction to the recent campaign events .
Monday 's Gallup Poll Daily tracking report will be the first three - day rolling average based entirely on interviews conducted after the Democratic National Convention , as well as after the announcement of Palin as McCain 's choice for vice president .
-- Lydia Saad
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Aug. 28 - 30 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,730 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Discussions of multi- model forms and nested models in Rails has been revived recently , with various changes appearing in Edge Rails , plugins like attribute_fu getting a lot of attention , and the release of ActivePresenter .
It looks like when the dust settles we ’ll have a nice new set of ways to simplify our code .
One thing I frequently find myself doing is associating multiple images with a given model .
My news story might have a banner image , and a series of other attachments , which I could specify with :
class Story < ActiveRecord :: Base belongs_to : banner_image has_many :story_attachments end class BannerImage < ActiveRecord :: Base has_attachment # I 'm using attachment_fu end class StoryAttachment < ActiveRecord :: Base has_attachment # I 'm using attachment_fu end
( or I could use has_one in place of belongs_to there , your tastes / requirements may vary )
What quickly becomes a pain is assigning the images to the models , and having rejected fat controllers I often end up writing accessors on my models to manage that for me :
class Story data ) end end def valid_file ?
# etc. end end
That quickly gets dull , so I ’ve wrapped it up in a plugin I ’m calling image_associations .
With that I can write :
class Story < ActiveRecord :: Base belongs_to_image : banner_image has_many_images :story_attachments
end
and get the accessors for free .
It may only be of use to me , and it ’s pretty crude ( there ’s no support for deleting attachments , for example ) but it ’s been working nicely and has DRYed up my code in a satisfying way , so I thought I ’d throw it out there .
You can find it over on github .
( I ’m not promising to keep supporting it , but it is used in an active project so chances are bug fixes will make it in .
And of course , anyone is welcome to branch the project and twist it in their own ways )
Related
U2 manager Paul McGuinness , who wants file - sharers to be disconnected from the Internet , has something else to complain about today .
Four songs from U2's upcoming album ' No Line On The Horizon ' have been leaked online after Bono played them too loudly on his stereo - and a fan recorded them .
There ’s little file - sharers like more than news of a little payback .
Ever since U2 manager Paul McGuiness suggested that people using P2P should have their connection to the Internet severed , he has elevated himself into the ranks of ‘ fair game ’ in file - sharing circles – and therefore ripe to be pwned .
After today , he ’s going to want file - sharers executed – or worse .
Proving that if media can be seen , heard or touched it can be copied , songs from U2 ’s forthcoming album have been leaked online .
Four tracks from the album , provisionally entitled ‘ No Line On The Horizon ’ , have appeared on the Internet .
The mechanism of the release is pretty comical – Bono blasted the tracks from a stereo in his villa in the South of France so loudly , that a passer - by recognized his voice and recorded them .
Four songs have been put online including the title track , the first single from the album ‘ Sexy Boots ’ , ‘ Moment of Surrender ’ and ‘ For Your Love ’ .
There ’s no doubt that these cam - quality recordings will be particularly poor , but a large section of the file - sharing U2 fans wo n’t care about that .
They have something that they ’re not supposed to have and Mr McGuiness has had a bit of egg rubbed in his face – which probably holds more value to file - sharers than a pre-release FLAC rip of the entire album … .
… which will appear online too of course , probably before the scheduled November release date .
This post is part of the Solution to " Free Will " .
Followup to : Timeless Control , Possibility and Could- ness
Faced with a burning orphanage , you ponder your next action for long agonizing moments , uncertain of what you will do .
Finally , the thought of a burning child overcomes your fear of fire , and you run into the building and haul out a toddler .
There 's a strain of philosophy which says that this scenario is not sufficient for what they call " free will " .
It 's not enough for your thoughts , your agonizing , your fear and your empathy , to finally give rise to a judgment .
It 's not enough to be the source of your decisions .
No , you have to be the ultimate source of your decisions .
If anything else in your past , such as the initial condition of your brain , fully determined your decision , then clearly you did not .
But we already drew this diagram :
As previously discussed , the left - hand structure is preferred , even given deterministic physics , because it is more local ; and because it is not possible to compute the Future without computing the Present as an intermediate .
So it is proper to say , " If - counterfactual the past changed and the present remained the same , the future would remain the same , " but not to say , " If the past remained the same and the present changed , the future would remain the same . "
Are you the true source of your decision to run into the burning orphanage ?
What if your parents once told you that it was right for people to help one another ?
What if it were the case that , if your parents had n't told you so , you would n't have run into the burning orphanage ?
Does n't that mean that your parents made the decision for you to run into the burning orphanage , rather than you ?
On several grounds , no :
If it were counterfactually the case that your parents had n't raised you to be good , then it would counterfactually be the case that a different person would stand in front of the burning orphanage .
It would be a different person who arrived at a different decision .
And how can you be anyone other than yourself ?
Your parents may have helped pluck you out of Platonic person - space to stand in front of the orphanage , but is that the same as controlling the decision of your point in Platonic person - space ?
Or :
If we imagine that your parents had raised you differently , and yet somehow , exactly the same brain had ended up standing in front of the orphanage , then the same action would have resulted .
Your present self and brain , screens off the influence of your parents - this is true even if the past fully determines the future .
But above all :
There is no single true cause of an event .
Causality proceeds in directed acyclic networks .
I see no good way , within the modern understanding of causality , to translate the idea that an event must have a single cause .
Every asteroid large enough to reach Earth 's surface could have prevented the assassination of John F. Kennedy , if it had been in the right place to strike Lee Harvey Oswald .
There can be any number of prior events , which if they had counterfactually occurred differently , would have changed the present .
After spending even a small amount of time working with the directed acyclic graphs of causality , the idea that a decision can only have a single true source , sounds just plain odd .
So there is no contradiction between " My decision caused me to run into the burning orphanage " , " My upbringing caused me to run into the burning orphanage " , " Natural selection built me in such fashion that I ran into the burning orphanage " , and so on .
Events have long causal histories , not single true causes .
Knowing the intuitions behind " free will " , we can construct other intuition pumps .
The feeling of freedom comes from the combination of not knowing which decision you 'll make , and of having the options labeled as primitively reachable in your planning algorithm .
So if we wanted to pump someone 's intuition against the argument " Reading superhero comics as a child , is the true source of your decision to rescue those toddlers " , we reply :
" But even if you visualize Batman running into the burning building , you might not immediately know which choice you 'll make ( standard source of feeling free ) ; and you could still take either action if you wanted to ( note correctly phrased counterfactual and appeal to primitive reachability ) .
The comic - book authors did n't visualize this exact scenario or its exact consequences ; they did n't agonize about it ( they did n't run the decision algorithm you 're running ) .
So the comic - book authors did not make this decision for you .
Though they may have contributed to it being you who stands before the burning orphanage and chooses , rather than someone else . "
How could anyone possibly believe that they are the ultimate and only source of their actions ?
Do they think they have no past ?
If we , for a moment , forget that we know all this that we know , we can see what a believer in " ultimate free will " might say to the comic - book argument : " Yes , I read comic books as a kid , but the comic books did n't reach into my brain and force me to run into the orphanage .
Other people read comic books and do n't become more heroic .
I chose it . "
Let 's say that you 're confronting some complicated moral dilemma that , unlike a burning orphanage , gives you some time to agonize - say , thirty minutes ; that ought to be enough time .
You might find , looking over each factor one by one , that none of them seem perfectly decisive - to force a decision entirely on their own .
You might incorrectly conclude that if no one factor is decisive , all of them together can't be decisive , and that there 's some extra perfectly decisive thing that is your free will .
Looking back on your decision to run into a burning orphanage , you might reason , " But I could have stayed out of that orphanage , if I 'd needed to run into the building next door in order to prevent a nuclear war .
Clearly , burning orphanages do n't compel me to enter them .
Therefore , I must have made an extra choice to allow my empathy with children to govern my actions .
My nature does not command me , unless I choose to let it do so . "
Well , yes , your empathy with children could have been overridden by your desire to prevent nuclear war , if ( counterfactual ) that had been at stake .
This is actually a hand - vs. - fingers confusion ; all of the factors in your decision , plus the dynamics governing their combination , are your will .
But if you do n't realize this , then it will seem like no individual part of yourself has " control " of you , from which you will incorrectly conclude that there is something beyond their sum that is the ultimate source of control .
But this is like reasoning that if no single neuron in your brain could control your choice in spite of every other neuron , then all your neurons together must not control your choice either .
Whenever you reflect , and focus your whole attention down upon a single part of yourself , it will seem that the part does not make your decision , that it is not you , because the you - that - sees could choose to override it ( it is a primitively reachable option ) .
But when all of the parts of yourself that you see , and all the parts that you do not see , are added up together , they are you ; they are even that which reflects upon itself .
So now we have the intuitions that :
The sensation of the primitive reachability of actions , is incompatible with their physical determinism
A decision can only have a single " true " source ; what is determined by the past cannot be determined by the present
If no single psychological factor you can see is perfectly responsible , then there must be an additional something that is perfectly responsible
When you reflect upon any single factor of your decision , you see that you could override it , and this " you " is the extra additional something that is perfectly responsible
The combination of these intuitions has led philosophy into strange veins indeed .
I once saw one such vein described neatly in terms of " Author " control and " Author * " control , though I can't seem to find or look up the paper .
Consider the control that an Author has over the characters in their books .
Say , the sort of control that I have over Brennan .
By an act of will , I can make Brennan decide to step off a cliff .
I can also , by an act of will , control Brennan 's inner nature ; I can make him more or less heroic , empathic , kindly , wise , angry , or sorrowful .
I can even make Brennan stupider , or smarter up to the limits of my own intelligence .
I am entirely responsible for Brennan 's past , both the good parts and the bad parts ; I decided everything that would happen to him , over the course of his whole life .
So you might think that having Author - like control over ourselves - which we obviously do n't - would at least be sufficient for free will .
But wait !
Why did I decide that Brennan would decide to join the Bayesian Conspiracy ?
Well , it is in character for Brennan to do so , at that stage of his life .
But if this had not been true of Brennan , I would have chosen a different character that would join the Bayesian Conspiracy , because I wanted to write about the beisutsukai .
Could I have chosen not to want to write about the Bayesian Conspiracy ?
To have Author * self - control is not only have control over your entire existence and past , but to have initially written your entire existence and past , without having been previously influenced by it - the way that I invented Brennan 's life without having previously lived it .
To choose yourself into existence this way , would be Author* control .
( If I remember the paper correctly . )
Paradoxical ?
Yes , of course .
The point of the paper was that Author * control is what would be required to be the " ultimate source of your own actions " , the way some philosophers seemed to define it .
I do n't see how you could manage Author * self - control even with a time machine .
I could write a story in which Jane went back in time and created herself from raw atoms using her knowledge of Artificial Intelligence , and then Jane oversaw and orchestrated her own entire childhood up to the point she went back in time .
Within the story , Jane would have control over her existence and past - but not without having been " previously " influenced by them .
And I , as an outside author , would have chosen which Jane went back in time and recreated herself .
If I needed Jane to be a bartender , she would be one .
Even in the unlikely event that , in real life , it is possible to create closed timelike curves , and we find that a self - recreating Jane emerges from the time machine without benefit of human intervention , that Jane still would not have Author* control .
She would not have written her own life without having been " previously " influenced by it .
She might preserve her personality ; but would she have originally created it ?
And you could stand outside time and look at the cycle , and ask , " Why is this cycle here ? "
The answer to that would presumably lie within the laws of physics , rather than Jane having written the laws of physics to create herself .
And you run into exactly the same trouble , if you try to have yourself be the sole ultimate Author * source of even a single particular decision made by you - which is to say it was decided by your beliefs , inculcated morals , evolved emotions , etc. - which is to say your brain calculated it - which is to say physics determined it .
You can't have Author * control over one single decision , even with a time machine .
So a philosopher would say : Either we do n't have free will , or free will does n't require being the sole ultimate Author * source of your own decisions , QED .
I have a somewhat different perspective , and say :
Your sensation of freely choosing , clearly does not provide you with trustworthy information to the effect that you are the ' ultimate and only source ' of your own actions .
This being the case , why attempt to interpret the sensation as having such a meaning , and then say that the sensation is false ?
Surely , if we want to know which meaning to attach to a confusing sensation , we should ask why the sensation is there , and under what conditions it is present or absent .
Then I could say something like : " This sensation of freedom occurs when I believe that I can carry out , without interference , each of multiple actions , such that I do not yet know which of them I will take , but I am in the process of judging their consequences according to my emotions and morals . "
This is a condition that can fail in the presence of jail cells , or a decision so overwhelmingly forced that I never perceived any uncertainty about it .
There - now my sensation of freedom indicates something coherent ; and most of the time , I will have no reason to doubt the sensation 's veracity .
I have no problems about saying that I have " free will " appropriately defined ; so long as I am out of jail , uncertain of my own future decision , and living in a lawful universe that gave me emotions and morals whose interaction determines my choices .
Certainly I do not " lack free will " if that means I am in jail , or never uncertain of my future decisions , or in a brain - state where my emotions and morals fail to determine my actions in the usual way .
Usually I do n't talk about " free will " at all , of course !
That would be asking for trouble - no , begging for trouble - since the other person does n't know about my redefinition .
The phrase means far too many things to far too many people , and you could make a good case for tossing it out the window .
But I generally prefer to reinterpret my sensations sensibly , as opposed to refuting a confused interpretation and then calling the sensation " false " .
( adds analyst quote , background )
SINGAPORE , Aug 1 ( Reuters ) - Investors almost halved the money they put into Asia - focused hedge funds in the second quarter compared to the first three months of the year as a selloff in stocks hurt appetite for risky assets , data showed .
Asia - focused hedge funds received a net $ 530 million from investors in the April - June quarter , down from $ 1 billion in the first quarter , Chicago - based Hedge Fund Research said in a statement released late on Thursday .
Asian hedge funds grew by approximately $ 200 million to $ 100.48 billion , up just 0.25 percent from the first quarter , as inflows were mostly offset by a decline of nearly $ 320 million due to poor performance .
“ Asian hedge fund investors reacted to continuing market volatility by adjusting allocations opportunistically to those regional markets that had posted sharp year - to - date losses , ” said Kenneth Heinz , president of Hedge Fund Research .
The bulk of Asian hedge funds are focused on equities rather than macro-strategies such as those investing in currencies , which outperformed stocks this year .
Other analysts said managers of small funds could suffer more from market turmoil than large funds that are still attracting cash , with a greater investor focus on governance .
For example in late April Hong Kong - based distressed debt specialist ADM Capital said it has raised $ 418 million with the launch of a fund , helping the hedge fund manager to boost its overall assets to $ 2.4 billion .
“ Generally what ’s happening is that the large institutional managers with respectable numbers are still seeing inflows , but the smaller managers are seeing almost nothing , ” said Peter Douglas , founder of hedge fund consultancy GFIA .
“ Smaller managers , that have poor numbers , such as many of those focusing on China and India , have in fact seen substantial outflows . ”
PricewaterhouseCoopers said in a survey earlier this year investors putting money in alternatives such as hedge funds or private equity are focusing on governance as returns fall .
“ Now that returns are moderating and the sector has matured somewhat , the survey reveals that investors are going to be more exacting , ” PwC said .
Hedge Fund Research said its HFRI Emerging Markets Asia ex-Japan index fell more than 2.2 percent in the second quarter , bringing the year - to - date decline to over 13.8 percent .
The HRFX Japan index gained 4.8 percent , narrowing the year - to - date loss to just over 7.1 percent .
Assets that deployed equity hedge strategies declined by $ 600 million in capital , while the less directional macro and arbitrage strategies gained in the second quarter , the research showed .
Equity - focused strategies accounted for over 63 percent of assets and more than 74 percent of the total number of Asia - focused funds .
A stronger reliance on long / short equity strategies prevented a meltdown in Asia last year when some credit - linked hedge funds in the United States and Europe collapsed amid a worsening credit crisis .
Analysts have said Asian hedge fund managers will likely close down or be bought out in growing numbers this year in a painful bout of consolidation triggered by financial market turmoil .
[ ID : nPEK170370 ] .
Japan's Nikkei 225 .N225 lost nearly 12 percent from the start of the year to the end of June , India 's Sensex Index .
BSESN fell about 34 percent and Chinese stocks .
SSEC dropped 48 percent in that period .
[ ID : nSP235321 ] ( Editing by Neil Chatterjee )
Finally someone is taking a look at what is likely to be the true reason behind children and young adults growing violent and / or committing suicide .
For personal reasons I do n’t care to talk about , I am more than willing to admit I am biased in this argument .
However , is it any sillier to blame the side effects of psychiatric drugs for child violence than it is to blame video games or hard rock music ?
Hardly .
If anything , it makes more sense to examine this argument .
There are children and young adults who suffer ( and sometimes die ) because of negative reactions to psychiatric drugs and yet people want to blame video games .
Pfft .
The novel coronavirus has posed serious challenges to all aspects of our lives .
Fun outdoor activities have really suffered because people used to come together in crowds to have …
We consider online learning and its relationship to game theory .
In an online decision - making problem , as in Singer 's lecture , one typically makes a sequence of decisions and receives feedback immediately after making each decision .
As far back as the 1950's , game theorists gave algorithms for these problems with strong regret guarantees .
Without making statistical assumptions , these algorithms were guaranteed to perform nearly as well as the best single decision , where the best is chosen with the benefit of hindsight .
We discuss applications of these algorithms to complex learning problems where one receives very little feedback .
Examples include online routing , online portfolio selection , online advertizing , and online data structures .
We also discuss applications to learning Nash equilibria in zero-sum games and learning correlated equilibria in general two - player games .
Mozilla Delays Firefox 3.1 Beta , Announces Other Browser Updates
by Ostatic Staff - Aug. 12 , 2008
Mozilla has a whole roster of news headlines related to its browsers out today .
In its about : Mozilla newsletter , the company has announced that a new version of the Camino browser is available ( it 's developed by the Camino Project , but is based on Mozilla 's Gecko layout engine ) .
Many Mac users love Camino for its lickety - split performance .
Mozilla has also confirmed that a sixth milestone version of its upcoming mobile browser , dubbed Fennec , is out .
And , as ZDNet reports , the beta of the next version of Firefox -- version 3.1 - - has been delayed from August 19th until September 9th .
Here are the details .
Regarding Firefox 3.1's beta , the pre-alpha for which we wrote about here , ZDNet reports that " some of the features planned for 3.1 — including bulk tagging , Javascript enhancements , cross -site XHR and workers threads — are not going to be ready by the end of the month . "
Mike Gunderloy has worked with the pre-alpha build of version 3.1 , and says " the Ctrl + Tab tab switcher , complete with thumbnails , is very nice . "
Regarding the new version of Camino , it is described as " a maintenance release which contains various security and stability updates to Camino 1.6.x .
All users are urged to update . ”
The underlying Gecko rendering engine in Camino - - from Mozilla - - has been updated , which presumably will make the browser faster .
Fennec ( the word means " small fox " ) , is a very critical browser in Mozilla 's overall strategy , and we 've written about why before .
It 's targeted to be available for the upcoming wave of Linux - and Android - based mobile handsets due out later this year , where it could be a key application for them .
The new milestone version of Fennec demonstrates Mozilla 's ongoing commitment to this new mobile browser .
Some observers have questioned whether Mozilla will be able to deliver an open source mobile browser with a small footprint and the kind of performance that Opera Mini has .
However , it 's clear that Mozilla is working hard on this .
The company also has an iPhone - like touchscreen interface in the works for Fennec browsing .
I was hoping for Firefox 3.1 next week , though .
I guess we 'll have to wait .
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
Britain 's cycling heroes in Beijing were a class apart , but they showed techniques that anyone who rides a bike - whatever their ability - can benefit from .
The past few years has seen a boom in cycling in the UK , with one in four regularly getting on the saddle according to Cycling England - to get to work , enjoy the countryside or race for clubs .
Another surge in interest is expected as the sport finds itself on the front and back pages , basking in the achievements of Team GB in Beijing where cyclists have won 14 road and track medals - nearly half the nation 's total .
Reaching speeds of 70 km / hr is not advisable , of course ( let alone achievable for most riders ) .
Elite cyclists like Chris Hoy and Victoria Pendleton are more concerned with speed than safety and comfort , which are two key considerations for non-competitive cyclists , but there are lessons to be learnt .
BE AWARE OF THE SLIPSTREAM
The cyclist behind saves energy going at the same speed Television viewers will have seen compatriots in the road races taking it in turns to go in front , and cyclists in the sprint events playing cat and mouse at the start of the race .
That 's because there is an energy saving of up to 30 % for the cyclist that tucks in behind .
Jonny Clay , bronze medallist in the team pursuit at the Sydney Games in 2000 , says : " In front you are punching the hole in the air and what 's created behind you is drag , a vortex of air which means you have less effort to put in .
But your front wheel has to be within a foot of the rear wheel of the rider in front . "
Cycling on the UK's busy streets is hazardous enough without riders trying to get right up behind the cyclist in front .
But it is a principle that can be used on open roads when appropriate .
Jonny Clay ( left ) with his bronze medal won at Sydney Games " The bigger the group you 're riding in , the bigger benefit you will derive , even more than 30 % in a large group , " says Mr Clay .
" But in terms of recreational cyclists , we do n't want people falling off because they are riding too close .
" People must pay attention to traffic and road junctions , but you do see some commuters riding into work who may be more experienced riding together and riding behind one another . "
PEDAL EFFICIENTLY
Notice how smoothly the Olympians pedal with a full motion throughout the revolution , which means their bodies do n't rock , says Mr Clay .
If the pedals were a clockface , then many cyclists make the mistake of pushing down only from 1 o'clock to 4 o'clock , which is inefficient .
Pedalling right through the circle improves efficiency " What cyclists need to think about is trying to create power through the full cycle if possible , not just pushing down .
Most bikes now come with a pedal clip and a toe - strap and can produce a more even spread of power .
" The foot clicks in like on a ski and the ball of the foot should be on the central axis of the pedal . "
USE GEARS SENSIBLY
Bigger is not better , for gears Track cyclists in Beijing have no gears or brakes .
Their mechanics can change their gears in between heats .
But the bikes in the road races have between 18 and 20 gears .
Ordinary cyclists often make the mistake of using the big gears but that 's not efficient as the legs push more slowly , says Mr Clay .
" There 's an optimum gear to use depending on your speed and conditions - a headwind or tailwind , up and downhill .
Feel is very important , and practice . "
STAND UP WHEN YOU NEED TO Stand up to increase power As Victoria Pendleton mounted the attack that won her a gold medal in the sprint , viewers saw her lift herself off the saddle to apply more power to her pedalling .
It 's a tactic that all cyclists can use , but they should use it sparingly , maybe when accelerating away from traffic lights or going uphill .
Jim Riach , education manager at Cycling Scotland , says : " Standing up means you can change your position .
It 's more effort but when you 're starting to feel uncomfortable you can stand up , usually when riding uphill .
Some people prefer to sit down and pedal and they could be more effective doing that . "
LOOK BEHIND YOU Just like the track sprinters who watch every move of the rider behind , so cyclists on UK roads should look behind them regularly , says Paul Robertshaw , a cycle trainer at Birmingham City Council and a triathlon coach .
Looking behind is crucial for safety ( and tactics in a race ) " The track cyclists and sprinters look behind while in front , to look for any move and to make sure they do n't miss anything .
Even at that level , the golden rule of cycling of looking behind them is a great skill to acquire . "
Cyclists on the road should glance over their shoulder before undertaking any manoeuvre , whether passing a parked car or a junction , and before committing to a turn .
Experienced riders tend to look at the eyes of drivers and check they have been seen .
PLAN AHEAD
There is a support team of 70 behind the 14 Olympic competitors .
Besides the coaches , there are psychiatrists , scientists , masseurs , engineers , designers and nutritionists .
It 's very easy for 10 or 15 minutes to come up with a route that 's more fun
Paul Robertshaw
It 's a level of planning that makes your head hurt , but even recreational cyclists can benefit from thinking ahead , says Mr Robertshaw .
" If you 're going off on a bike ride at the weekend , spend a bit of time planning where you 're going .
Birmingham , like many councils , produces a map of the city with all the bike paths , cycle - friendly roads , all the parks that have cycle paths .
" It 's very easy for 10 or 15 minutes to come up with a route that 's more fun or way into work that avoids the dual carriageways . "
Writing down personal goals such as personal fitness or finding enjoyable routes will also help , says Mr Riach .
DRESS APPROPRIATELY
The Olympians wear a combination of Lycra and Gore - tex , which is much thinner than normal Lycra and is equipped with special padding , says Elaine Andersen of Hike , Bike and Ride .
Although their gear is specially made , forms of it do reach the High Street .
Helmet , got .
Bright jacket , got .
But rain can make work trousers very wet " People behind the likes of Rebecca Romero develop the technology and then brands like Endura and Polaris buy a licence to use it to produce a product .
And as the technology moves on , the price does come down . "
In the autumn , the big thing will be bamboo base layers , with a two - piece retailing at about £ 25 , says Ms Andersen .
Helmets reduce the risk of head injuries , but while the " aerohelmets " in Beijing were specially made , most in the shops are very similar on the inside , says Ms Andersen - what costs more is the design and the branding .
Not everyone wants to wear all the gear , so what might they be missing out on ?
Cycle to work in a pair of jeans and you will be wet all day
Elaine Andersen
It 's about comfort as much as performance , she says .
" There 's nothing worse than doing a five - mile cycle ride in a pair of jeans , especially when it 's hot or raining .
The advantage to wearing proper gear is that you can cycle in any weather .
And it dries very quickly , but cycle to work in a pair of jeans and you will be wet all day . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
Old myth about toe clips .
Pulling up on pedals uses energy so yes you will go faster but you 'll get exhausted quicker .
Only useful if racing and want a dash sprint so Tour De France yes , high street no .
Andy , Wigan Trying to slipstream somebody on the road is just plain dangerous .
You can't see round their backside so you can't avoid things in the road and they can't brake to avoid hazards without you hitting them .
They can't see behind them and you 'd better hope they do n't fluff a gear change going up hill or you 'll hit them again .
David Richerby , Leeds , UK
You also need a bike the right size .
Sitting on the saddle , you should just be able to touch the ground with your toes .
If you can put your foot flat on the ground the frame is too small or the saddle too low and you will probably ride " circus clown style " with your instep on the pedal and your knee always bent .
That stops you fully using your leg muscles and you can't use your ankle to pedal right through the circle .
P Shaw , St Neots , Cambs Standing up ; the one fact which I remember from cycle proficiency training is that you should never , ever , stand up .
The trainer even went as far as to say that standing up to cycle off after the end of the test would result in an instant fail .
I can't comment on its effect on cycling efficiency , but from a cycling proficiency standpoint , it 's apparently a big no -no .
Thomas , Cardiff
You 'll never get me wearing Lycra .
Ever !
I just keep a pair of spare trousers in the office , just in case .
Martje Ross , lq I cycle a 30 mile round trip to work and back every day , have tried a number of different bikes , bags and clothing .
Probably the best part I 've bought is a full road bike wing mirror , fantastic for maintaining a comfortable position and keeping an eye on the mad road rage idiots that drive our roads like it 's their own private race track .
A high - vis jacket and pannier bags help to keep you visible and maintain a stable riding position around roundabouts and junctions .
I always ride about 2ft from the kerb too - prevents silly drivers trying to overtake you at dangerous bends and on urban roads , get a few honks of the horn in my direction but everyone gets to work and back safely as a result .
Paul , Birmingham Regarding Andy from Wigan 's comment on toe clips : ( 1 ) different muscle groups are used for pulling up compared to pushing down , so you do n't fatigue twice as fast , ( 2 ) if the cyclist is generating power throughout the pedal revolution , then less power is needed at any point in the cycle , so you either go faster for the same force or go at the same speed for less force , ergo , it is more efficient than normal pedals .
Finally , these days , clipless pedals with recessed cleats on the shoes are not expensive , suitable for the high street and dispense with the need for toe clips and straps .
Andy , Bristol
My husband insists on trying to ' slipstream ' when we 're on a family bike ride .
It 's a disaster every time .
Mind you , he does put me in front when I have the child seat ( and child ) on the back !
Do n't try this at home ...
Liz E , Leeds I can not see the connection .
It 's like looking for what formula 1 can do to assist the regular motorist .
Cycling as a commuter activity would fare much better if we stopped trying to connect it to sport and sporty types .
In the Netherlands cycling is a normal activity for normal people and lots more of them get on their bikes .
David , Edinburgh Excellent points and tips ; I 've been cycling to and from work everyday since about March and its done wonders for my fitness , but it does always feel a bit like an up hill struggle .
I take joy in the fact that I 'm not paying for petrol , the only fuel I need is a good meal !
Jonathan Morrison , Redcar
Some other good tips for more efficient cycling : Ensure there is the correct air pressure in both tyres - too low pressure and the extra effort you need to put in is very noticeable .
Oil your chain with chain oil and use WD40 or a similar lubricant to keep key moving parts working more efficiently .
Happy cycling .
Richard Gent , UK
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Radiohead House of Cards video footage
[ tag ] Radiohead [ / tag ] has a long history of forgetting conventions and experiencing new things .
So there ’s virtually little things that could surprise us coming from them .
Or so we thought … .
Apparently , it seems the video for their latest single , House of Cards , has been filmed projected in a whole different manner , with the help of two ultra- high end technologies Geometric Informatics and Velodyne Lidar . ‘
The Geometric Informatics scanning system employs structured light to capture detailed 3D images at close proximity , and was used to render the performances of Radiohead ’s Thom Yorke , the female lead , and several partygoers .
The Velodyne Lidar system uses multiple lasers to capture large environments in 3D , in this case 64 lasers rotating and shooting in a 360 degree radius 900 times per minute , capturing all of the exterior scenes and wide party shots .
What this basically means is that no cameras at all have been used , only lasers .
There ’s one for innovation to ya .
The video has been directed by James Frost , but has n’t gone live yet .
Actually there ’s no official word yet concerning the date it will go live , but I ca n’t expect anything else other then wonderful spectacle of lights and sound .
When it ’ll eventually go live , you ’ll be able to find at the band ’s official reserved space down at Google ( yeah , here ’s a band who knows the right people ) .
‘ Till then feast your eyes on these official “ screenshots ” from the upcoming House of Cards music video .
And here ’s what Thom said in a official press release :
“ I always like the idea of using technology in a way that it was n’t meant to be used , the struggle to get your head round what you can do with it .
I liked the idea of making a video of human beings and real life and time without using any cameras , just lasers , so there are just mathematical points – and how strangely emotional it ended up being . ”
Via Pitchfork and Gizmodo .
Why Do Relationships Wither and Die ?
The Incredible , Shrinking Relationship
Relationships shrink .
They get smaller and smaller until there ’s no room to breathe .
Then , you must break out , or go crazy .
Have you ever felt like that ?
If you can get past the pain and frustration and sadness , ask yourself how something rich and alive fell apart .
We may try to blame every problem on someone else , but the truth is more complicated .
We are not powerless .
The decay of a relationship is not inevitable .
Are you a player in your own life , or does everything just happen to you ?
Are personal growth and personal development real to you , or just words ?
Everything changes .
It ’s up to you to shape that change .
Or you will be unhappy with the results .
Abundant Relationships
Where do you find abundance in relationships ?
Do we make our relationships small , old , tired , and endlessly the same , or do we look for ways to fill our relationships with wonder ?
Do you look at the one outside your skin and think she is small and familiar and predictable ?
Or do you dream the possibility that is dancing within her and around her !
Do you feel the abundance all around her and within her ?
Relationships begin with possibility .
The other person is unknown and wonderful .
And in that newness , you feel that anything is possible for her and for you .
That ’s the key .
An abundant relationship is filled with possibility for each of you .
You ’ll find abundance dancing around others when you can see it dancing around yourself .
Abundance is around you and within you .
You can find abundance in almost anything , even in things that are physical .
But it takes the right attitude to feel it .
As William Blake said :
” To see a world in a grain of sand ,
And a heaven in a wild flower ,
Hold infinity in the palm of your hand ,
And eternity in an hour . ”
You can find endless possibility in the smallest place or thing or time .
And it is so much easier to see a person as infinite .
There are worlds beyond worlds within each of us .
But we live in a physical world , where things and even people seem to have boundaries .
Yes we have to pay the bills , change the diapers , and take out the garbage .
But when our relationships are centered on these actions as ends in themselves , as though abundance has vanished from the world , our relationships will shrink and disappear .
Our attitude can imprison us within the apparent boundaries and make everything and everyone small .
Or we can dance among infinities .
Possibility comes within reach of your mind and heart when you connect one little place or thing or time to the endless world around us .
One moment is a note in a symphony of time .
One place is a brush of color on a huge canvas .
And one person is a window into an endless series of worlds .
The possibility is born when one thing takes its place in relationship to the immense world around it .
Giving and Taking : A Dance of Energy
What is this relationship that we speak of that connects one thing or person to the world ?
It ’s a flow .
But that sounds too weak and random .
Imagine a great wave of energy that reaches out to each of us , like waves breaking on the shoreline .
Then imagine another great wave coming from each of us and bursting out upon the world around us .
Waves upon waves from an infinity of points slowly build up a great glowing , sparkling web .
This is closer to the image of flow and connection that I have in mind .
In this web of relationship , everything gives and takes , broadcasts and receives , influences and is influenced .
The world often focuses on our shortcomings as givers , saying that our relationships will crumble if we love taking too much .
Ah , and to be a giver , does n’t that force my partner to be a taker ?
Is n’t that a problem for her ?
We ’re looking at a great series of flows in isolation , and we ’re getting mixed up .
It ’s not the direction of any one flow that matters .
What we need is a rich web of energy that flows back and forth between us to build and maintain a healthy relationship .
And to keep our relationships young and powerful , what we exchange must be more than tiny things and moments , morsels of food within our cages .
We must exchange possibility .
We must give and take from each other the invitation to a world without visible boundaries , a rich , abundant world which calls to all of us .
A few weeks ago , John McCain met with the Rev. Billy Graham in what was widely seen as an effort to step up his outreach to religious people .
And little wonder :
The conventional wisdom has decreed that the senator , who is generally reticent about his own faith , needs to do something drastic to shore up his appeal among religious voters .
But it is not only Republicans who feel the need to court the " value voter " bloc .
Ever since John Kerry 's loss in 2004 , the Democratic Party has been trying to " broaden the agenda " of religious folks , pushing global warming , Iraq withdrawal and income inequality as issues of " faith . "
To push such matters , Howard Dean , the man who left his own church over a bike path , started the Faith in Action initiative at the Democratic National Committee .
Has it worked ?
Are religious voters feeling the stirrings of a new , leftward - leaning faith agenda ?
Not really , according to a recent study out from the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life .
" The connection between religious intensity and political attitudes appears to be especially strong when it comes to issues such as abortion and homosexuality , " the researchers report .
Almost three - quarters of the evangelicals who attend church weekly -- the majority of evangelicals and the religious group that is most responsible for Mr. Bush 's victories -- believe abortion should be illegal in most or all cases .
An even higher percentage say that homosexuality should be discouraged by society as a way of life .
Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention is not surprised .
Evangelicals , he says , are not about to " exchange global warming for the sanctity of life or traditional marriage . "
While most Americans support stricter laws to protect the environment , evangelicals are still lagging behind the progressive curve .
Three - quarters of atheists , Jews and Buddhists favor those regulations , according Pew 's results , but only 54 % of evangelicals do .
Another study -- out in June from the Henry Institute on Religion and Public Life at Calvin College -- reports that evangelical support of environmental regulation declined by almost 10 percentage points between 2004 and 2008 ( while remaining steady among the general public ) .
According to John Green , a senior fellow at Pew , the drop may be evidence that evangelicals , who have been openly debating this issue for some time , have reached a " turning point " in their discussions .
This is not a big shock :
More than most other voting groups , evangelicals support smaller government in all areas of life .
It also turns out that there is still a significant divide between evangelical voters and the rest of the country on foreign policy .
About 38 % of evangelicals believe that military strength is the best way to ensure peace , compared with 28 % of the general public .
And the difference is much more stark when it comes to the Iraq war .
According to the Henry Institute , 57 % of evangelicals believe that " the U.S. did the right thing in taking military action against Iraq , " compared with general public 's 39 % .
It can hardly be a surprise , then , that a recent Washington Post poll shows Mr. McCain with 68 % of white evangelical support , compared with 22 % for Barack Obama .
Mr. Obama has tried to have his cake and eat it too when it comes to faith in this election .
He has touted his spiritual journey , most recently in the current issue of Newsweek , but has then said that he did n't go to church often enough to hear his pastor 's outrageous sermons .
He has accused the right of politicizing religion but has acknowledged in his memoirs that he picked his church based on his " community organizing " goals .
And now he says that he wo n't pick a new church until after the election .
Most sincerely religious people would find this odd , to say the least .
Barack Obama raised $ 51 million in July , pushing the total he has raised since his presidential quest began to more than $ 390 million .
His take dipped slightly from the $ 52 million he raised in June .
But he nearly matched the roughly $ 53 million raised by John McCain and the Republican National Committee combined in July .
Obama 's $ 390 million in contributions ( it 's actually about $ 400 million when miscellaneous increases are counted ) is significantly more than the nominees raised four years back .
President Bush had raised $ 240 million at this point four years ago , and Sen. John Kerry had received $ 210 million in donations .
With the $ 27 million he raised in July , McCain 's total now hovers at about $ 153 million .
Obama is spending heavily on television ads in battleground states and on the the high - priced Olympics .
As a result , the Democrat 's cash in the bank slipped to $ 65.8 million at the end of July , from $ 71.6 million at the end of June .
Obama expects to out - raise McCain in part by seeking more money from his army of now 2 million donors .
McCain has 600,000 donors , his campaign says .
McCain , by contrast , is taking an $ 84 - million grant of federal tax money to run his fall campaign .
He also can use about $ 19 million in RNC money .
Additionally , the RNC and various state parties can spend unlimited sums in independent campaigns on the nominee 's behalf .
Despite Obama 's record fundraising pace , McCain is not with his resources , thanks to the Republican National Committee itself .
In addition to the $ 27 million McCain raised in July , the RNC raised $ 26 million .
McCain and the GOP had slightly more in the bank at the end of July than Obama and the DNC and its various committees , $ 96 million to $ 94.3 million .
Then there are the parties ...
In the Ramada Inn , across I - 10 from Ikea , dozens of young sales agents spill out of vans and head for the first - floor conference room .
They 're in their late teens and early twenties , tired from a long day of selling magazine subscriptions door - to - door , but excited about the money they think they 're going to get .
In the conference room , a line of ­middle - aged managers sit behind folding tables and count the stacks of receipts and cash their agents place before them .
It 's a ton of money .
The crews hit Houston in late February , it 's near the end of March now and it 's been a lucrative stay .
Houston is always a windfall .
It 's been a tough hop for this caravan of sales crews , though .
Winding their way down from California , they lost a few agents .
Two were arrested in Albuquerque after they allegedly forced their way into the home of an elderly couple and beat them to death , raping the wife first .
A few weeks later , another agent allegedly raped a woman in Claremont , California , so he got picked up , too .
Then , in West Texas , a van flipped , killing one agent and injuring three others .
That 's seven agents out of commission .
That 's about a $ 2,800 loss per day .
After they turn in their cash and receipts , two agents , a pudgy girl and a lanky guy , hit the parking lot for a smoke .
Two Houston Press reporters are there , observing .
Without knowing they 're talking to reporters , the agents walk over and ask for rolling papers .
When asked what they 're doing in town , the agents explain their job and how much they love it .
It 's a blast , they say .
You lie all day to sell subscriptions , and you unwind afterward with some smoke .
You tell the customers that you live a few streets over , that you go to the local school and play on the soccer team , that you just sold subscriptions to their neighbor , and the idiots buy it because by now you 've got it down to a science .
And on to the next town .
And the next .
In the eight months the Press investigated door - to - door magazine sales across the country , the industry has seen at least three murders , one rape , two attempted rapes , one stabbing , one attempted murder , one vehicle fatality and one attempted abduction of a 13 - year - old girl .
Interviews with former agents reveal a constant party atmosphere where agents have easy access — often thanks to their managers — to drugs .
The agents come primarily from two populations : reprobates who need to leave wherever they are fast , and vulnerable kids from unstable families who believe that hopping into a van full of strangers is better than what awaits them at home .
Crystal Mahathy is an example of the latter .
In 2000 , the 17 - year - old crossed paths with a Texas - based magazine crew manager named Rick Senner .
Rick Senner got his start working for Russell Wood , one of the industry 's biggest names .
Senner started as an agent under Wood , who 's based out of the hinterland of Pilot Point , Texas , about 50 miles north of Plano .
Senner worked his way up from agent to crew manager , and later left to start his own company .
When he's not on the road , Senner is with his wife and daughter at their home in Gainesville , just a few miles from Pilot Point .
Senner 's crew was working Mahathy 's hometown of Fort Wayne , Indiana , when he spotted her in an Arby 's and figured she would make a good agent .
Senner is six - one , blond , handsome and has the kind of confidence that allowed him to shrug off things like the warrant for his arrest out of Phoenix , where he was busted for weed and was a no - show at court .
He offered a way out of Fort Wayne , and a way out of Mahathy 's mixed - up family life .
But first , because she was under 18 , Senner wanted her mother to sign a permission slip .
Because her mother is illiterate , Mahathy got an older cousin to sign for it instead .
With that taken care of , she was able to hit the road .
She made money for Senner , who made money for his boss , who in turn made money for major - league publishers .
Like many agents , the teenage Mahathy did n't know what she was getting herself into and how hard it was going to be to get herself out of it .
Senner and his colleagues have a great sales pitch , and truth does n't always close the deal .
Agents are often driven across the country by managers whose driver 's licenses have been suspended or revoked .
And while the industry 's trade group says it encourages member companies to conduct background checks , the crews are overflowing with agents with open warrants , extensive criminal histories and probation terms that prohibit them from leaving their home state .
Since its inception in 1987 , the National Field Selling Association has not only done nothing to clean up the crews , it has lobbied against proposed legislation that would implement the most basic of safety regulations and prohibit the hiring of underage employees .
While mainstream publishers and their trade group , the Magazine Publishers Association , say door - to - door sales account for a minuscule percentage of annual sales , this seemingly small percentage still translates into millions .
It 's profitable enough to publishers like Condé Nast , Reader 's Digest and others that they still consider door - to - door sales a worthwhile venture in the 21st century .
And without publishers ' participation , the industry would cease to exist .
Which means , quite simply , that publishers have decided the collateral damage is worth the boost in circulation .
The following is a story of that collateral damage — of murder , rape , assault , overdoses and scamming — and the business decisions and lack of legislation that make it possible .
_____________________
In February 2000 , Rick Senner , Crystal Mahathy and the rest of Senner 's crew hit a rave party in Oakhurst , California , where they recruited an 18 - year - old girl named Mandy Nixon .
When Nixon told her parents she wanted to drive around the country with Senner 's crew , they were concerned .
Nixon was a bit of a rebellious spirit .
As a minor , she had trouble with drugs and alcohol and wound up on juvenile probation for a while .
But Crystal Mahathy , who had turned 18 on the road , told the Nixons she 'd look out for their daughter .
But a day or so after Nixon left , her parents read about the history of complaints online about All - Star Promotions , Senner 's employer , and they grew concerned .
They called Senner a few times to have him drop off their daughter wherever they were so they could bring her back home .
But he ignored the calls .
Deciding they needed more muscle , they had Nixon 's former probation officer call Senner and tell him he had better get Nixon off his crew , so he dropped her off by a motel outside Medford , Oregon .
Although Mahathy said she 'd look out for Nixon , Mahathy was having her own regrets about joining Senner Sales .
She had called her Aunt Patsy a few times from the road , saying she was n't getting the money she was promised , and she was n't eating regularly .
She wanted to come home .
But Patsy never seemed to have the money for a Greyhound ticket .
On February 4 , around the time Senner dropped Mandy Nixon off in Medford , Mahathy called Aunt Patsy from a pay phone outside a Wal - Mart .
It had been a really long day ; she had n't made enough sales , and she felt really pressured .
That time , Patsy told her to stay put .
They 'd get her a ticket .
But the call was abbreviated ; Mahathy had spotted Senner 's rented Ford Explorer and she said he'd be mad if he found out she was calling home again .
She 'd call back later .
The next night , on their way to sell to Joneses in Eureka , California , Senner 's crew was stopped by California Highway Patrol officers for driving 30 mph over the speed limit .
Apparently unaware that Senner had a warrant for pot possession out of Phoenix , the officers gave him a citation and let him go on his way .
Less than an hour later , near Redding , Senner rounded an especially dangerous stretch of mountain highway running parallel to the Trinity River .
With no guardrail , and with terrible visibility at night , the road had seen its share of accidents .
Senner lost control of the Explorer and drove off the highway , falling into an embankment 80 feet below .
Passenger Scott Tarwater was ejected into the Trinity River , whose rapids carried him so far away his body was n't found for three weeks .
But a timely burial was n't a problem for Mahathy 's family , because she was right there in the passenger seat .
Crushed to death .
_____________________
Whenever there 's a tragedy tied to the industry , whether it be the death of one of the agents or of one of the customers , the industry mouthpieces issue impotent condemnations or reiterate the notion that door - to - door sales are just a sliver of the pie .
The Magazine Publishers of America will give a variation of the following , which is a statement it gave to the Press : " Magazine Publishers of America condemns any door - to - door business that preys on vulnerable individuals or poses a threat to the public .
[ MPA ] has long urged its members to identify any subscriptions coming from these sources and recommends that its members cease doing business with any company that does not fully comply with the law .
Our guidelines and relations with subscription agents are clear , and we encourage all our members to follow them . "
Which , based on the Press 's investigation , previous media stories and industry watchdogs , is complete nonsense .
The object is to push subscriptions , and it scarcely matters how .
A customer is a " Jones . "
A sales pitch is a " spiel , " and there are all kinds of spiels — a school - spiel , cancer - spiel , you name it .
These lies are known as a dirty canvass , and they 're quite successful .
Of course , there are natural salespeople who do n't have to dirty canvass and can write ten or 12 sales a day , but the agents who can't snow a Jones and who come back empty - handed are known as WABs , weak - ass bitches .
A WAB occupies a stratum in the caste system right below circus freak and just above whore .
No one wants to be a WAB , so sometimes you have to dirty ­canvass .
If the MPA is unaware of dirty canvassing , then its only other choice is to somehow believe that door - to - door companies are the country 's single - biggest employer of college athletes in the marching band whose parents are dying of cancer and who are competing for a scholarship to study theater in London .
It 's easier to understand the continued interest in door - to - door sales once you understand the financials .
Jack Hanrahan , a media consultant with three decades of experience in print advertising , publishes the CircMatters newsletter .
He gave us a better understanding of how just a slight bump in circulation can mean serious money .
When magazines decide how much a page of advertising will cost , media buyers convert that into a ratio of cost - per - thousand .
Say the publisher of a magazine with a circulation of 1 million copies prices each page of advertising at $ 50,000 .
That 's a cost - per - thousand of $ 50 .
Say the circulation jumps 50,000 , which brings total circulation to 1.05 million .
If the publisher keeps the cost - per - thousand at $ 50 , that raises the single advertising page rate to $ 52,500 ( $ 50 x 1,050 ) .
If the magazine sells 100 pages of advertising per issue , then the total value of the 50,000 jump would be $ 250,000 per issue .
( $ 2,500 per page x 100 pages ) .
If the magazine runs 24 issues a year , that 's 24 x $ 250,000 — $ 6 million , from an extra 50,000 copies .
That 's enough incentive to keep using sales agents .
Of course , publishers do n't want to be linked to any of the kids knocking on the doors , so the system has been arranged to keep everyone at arm 's length .
It works like this : Agents knocking on doors turn their sales receipts in to their managers , who send them off to clearinghouses .
A clearinghouse submits the subscription orders to the publishers , who then mail out the magazines .
The clearinghouses choose which traveling sales crew companies to work with ; the heads of those companies usually have their managers do the hiring .
This arrangement allows the publishers , clearinghouses and road crew company heads to pretend they have nothing to do with the kids pushing the publishers ' product .
The real blessing for everyone , though , comes in a labor loophole :
Even though a crew 's agents ride in the same vehicle , are dropped off in the same neighborhoods , are returned at night to the same hotels and have commissions held by managers who dole out the cash when an agent wants to buy lunch or alcohol or a new pair of shoes , labor laws have allowed company owners to hire their agents as " independent contractors . "
Since the crews rarely have solicitation permits , if they are arrested for selling without a license or for any other matter , they are instructed to tell authorities they are not in fact employed by the company they 're traveling with .
The companies that run the crews primarily hire through newspaper advertisements promising big money and free travel .
The ads are generally placed when the crew hits a town ; the prospective hires meet a crew manager at a hotel and are usually hired on the spot .
Although they 're promised about $ 500 a week , their money goes on " the book , " a mysterious ledger kept by crew managers .
Often , agents will start out in the red , already owing managers hotel rent money .
Managers also dock pay for canceled orders or other so - called infractions .
Agents sell from a " hot - list , " laminated brochures of magazine titles , usually provided by clearinghouses , that agents show their Joneses .
The agents work on a point system ; the hot - lists show the points each agent would get for a particular subscription .
For example , a 2006 hot - list from the National Publishers Exchange , one of the country 's largest clearinghouses , shows 40 points for Reader 's Digest and 80 points for GQ .
According to the titles on the hot - list , the agents were selling for — and NPE was clearing orders for — Condé Nast , Disney Publishing , Meredith and others .
( While the list also includes titles from Hearst , a company spokesman told the Press , " A written directive was sent in January 2007 , but most clearinghouses were alerted to our policy against accepting orders from door - to - door ' crews ' years earlier . "
A Meredith spokesperson said the company de-authorized door - to - door sales in March 2007 . )
Every link in the chain holds the door - to - door sales information close to the vest .
Citing proprietary interests , publishers will not disclose their clearinghouses , and clearinghouses will not disclose their contracted magazine crews .
Since there are only a handful of major clearinghouses in the country , publishers would have you believe that , after years in the industry , higher - ups are too incompetent to have figured out who their competitors clear through .
National Publishers Exchange was a member of the National Field Selling Association ( NFSA ) , the trade group for door - to - door magazine sales companies .
In 2006 , the association stopped disclosing its membership , so it 's difficult to tell if NPE is still a member .
The NFSA will not say why it decided to keep membership private , but that 's not surprising for a trade association that does n't even have its own office — instead , mail and phone calls are directed to the Philadelphia office of Fernley & Fernley , which prides itself on being " America 's First Association Management Company . "
And while Ellen Buckley handles preliminary media calls for the NFSA , she does n't seem to know a whole lot , mostly because she wears a lot of hats .
While she may be listed as the " director " of the NFSA , she is also , for example , Administrative Director of the North American Horticultural Supply Association , which means she does n't just field calls about mag crews , but could probably also help with questions about mixed perennials and potting soil .
So for tough questions , Buckley refers reporters to the NFSA 's Washington , D.C. , attorney , Dan Smith .
Smith has lobbied for the group , most notably in 2000 , when legislators proposed the federal Traveling Sales Crew Protection Act .
The bill was a response to a 1999 wreck in Wisconsin that killed seven agents and paralyzed another .
It occurred when the 20 - year - old driver of the van — whose Iowa license had expired and who previously had his Wisconsin driving privileges suspended — saw a police car and panicked .
Not wanting to get busted again , he tried to change seats with a passenger while driving 80 miles per hour .
The coordination was a bitch .
Twelve passengers were ejected .
The owner of the company the crew worked for never skipped a beat — she just hired a bunch of new kids and started up under a new name .
Smith was the guy who handled the lobbying against the proposed safety act — lobbying that worked .
The bill called for making sure crews stayed in hotels that met certain safety guidelines , and making the companies keep an itinerary of where their crews were at any given time .
Such a schedule would have helped when , in Houston in 2005 , a sales agent raped a 17 - year - old mentally retarded girl who answered the door of the apartment she shared with her mother .
To gain her confidence , that agent acted as if he had a disability as well .
If the Traveling Sales Crew Protection Act had passed intact , there 's a very good chance authorities would be able to find out which crews were operating in Houston on June 5 , 2005 .
As it is , the case remains unsolved .
Although Smith says otherwise , when it comes down to it , the NFSA does n't appear to do much except hold an annual conference in Illinois where members gather to play golf .
Smith says actual work is accomplished at the conference , such as the year a cop talked to company owners about driving safety , and another year when a CPA discussed tax preparation .
Smith says he 's also given talks about negligent hiring .
( After 20 years , the NFSA members are still scratching their heads over this pesky " driving safety " thing .
Seven years before the fatal Wisconsin wreck , an agent driving a van with only a learner 's permit lost control in Des Moines , Iowa , hit a median , flipped the van and ejected nine passengers .
Five were killed , six others injured . ) ( see " Cataloguing Grief " ) .
In its newsletters , the NFSA is careful not to mention names of the sales agents , particularly those who die on the job .
In its fall 1999 newsletter , the first one released after the Wisconsin tragedy , the lead article was the president 's message on " Stating the Cause for Utilizing Prepaid Phone Cards in the Field , " followed closely by " Small Wonders , " a reflection on " the simple discoveries of the century . "
Sample passage : " Where would we be without the brassiere , first patented in 1914 , or the zipper , patented in 1913 ?
Could those inventions be related ? "
( For the record , the sales agents killed in Wisconsin were Peter Christian , 18 ; Cory Hanson , 22 ; Amber Lettman , 16 ; Crystal McDaniel , 26 ; Marshall Roberts , 16 ; Malinda Turvey , 18 ; and Joseph Wild , 21 .
Monica Forques , 16 , was paralyzed from the waist down ) .
Of course , it 's different if one of their own dies , as in the January 2006 newsletter 's tribute to founding member Don Fish : " The next time you pick up a golf club , look up and say , ' Good luck , Don ' — he will be playing with the greats of the game . "
( The NFSA named its annual golf tournament after Fish , who had the opportunity to die at age 74 ) .
Smith talks in a sort of aw - shucks manner that would have you believe he wishes the NFSA could do more to ensure the safety of its agents and the Joneses they solicit .
But do n't think the trade group is just giving up — after 20 years of existence , the NFSA is toying with the radical notion of mandatory background checks .
The bitch is , the NFSA has to be really careful about violating antitrust laws that limit the rules trade groups place on their members .
So Smith says the NFSA probably has to stop just short of forcing members to conduct background checks .
" We can mandate that in order to be a member you must agree to do background checks , " he says , adding that the NFSA would have no way of confirming if any of the companies ever did the checks .
" We can't force proof , " Smith says .
" The name of the game is , we 're a trade association ... the key is , you can't tell people how to run their ­business . "
Furthermore , Smith was at a loss as to how someone might be able to confirm a company did the checks in the first place .
Citing privacy laws , he says , " You can't conduct background checks and send copies to a trade association to show you did it , " apparently unaware of the fact that one of the NFSA 's board members runs a service that audits companies ' criminal background checks .
" The name of the game is whoever 's doing the recruiting has got to run the background check , " Smith says .
" They 've got to determine from what they see whether or not to put this guy out there or not .
Now if they do it and screw up , then shame on them , but I 'll find out after the fact , just like you do .
Now can I do anything about it ?
The worst thing , the toughest thing I can do is to terminate their membership .
I wish there was something else I could do , to be brutally frank , but there is n't any . "
But if Smith has the power to jettison any owner who gets caught not running checks , he apparently has n't been introduced to the NFSA 's president , Vinnie Pitts .
In 2000 , after one of Pitts 's agents murdered a woman in New York , the woman 's family sued Pitts , who eventually settled for $ 1 million .
The woman 's sisters told local papers that they believed Pitts would now conduct background checks for sure .
But in 2005 , another of Pitts 's agents — who was on probation for felony burglary out of Minnesota and was not supposed to leave the state — raped and beat a woman in Wisconsin ( see " Sales Force " ) .
_____________________
Back in the Houston Ramada , 79 - year - old Diane Tork is in Room 301 , smoking 100s , punching numbers into her calculator , taking calls on her pink cell and sifting through names and numbers of potential hires .
Age has been kind to her body , but not so much her mind .
She 'll get confused and send wrong birthdates back to the home office for criminal background checks , but of course it does n't really matter anyway , because the checks are worthless .
Only a formality .
The kind of checks where you really do n't want to find anything .
Tork says she started in the business on December 21 , 1945 , when she was 16 .
She eventually ran her own company , then took over for a company out of Spring when that owner died in the early 1990s .
She worked alongside her now ex-husband , John Tork , who is 20 years her junior .
John
Tork also had his own company , the Houston - based Tork & Associates .
In 1992 , the Federal Trade Commission sued Tork 's company for violating the " cooling - off " period , which allows customers three days to cancel an order .
After Tork failed to respond to the suit , a federal judge fined his company $ 50,000 .
A year later , Tork was convicted of larceny and sentenced to three years and six months in a Texas prison .
Diane says she and John , who share a home in Atlanta , Georgia , are semiretired .
John has long suffered type 2 diabetes , and recently had a foot amputated .
Diane has been off the road for a long time and only pops into hotels to check on things once the crews are about to hop .
Her company is called Prestige , which clears orders through a Phoenix clearinghouse owned by the late Robert Spruiell ( see " Upper Management " ) .
Joining Prestige on this hop are at least two other companies — it 's not uncommon for supposedly distinct companies to travel together .
And it 's not uncommon for these groups to say they have no idea what the other is up to , which is what Diane Tork tells the Press .
She can't speak for Team - XTreme , which is run by a guy named James Scribner , who was described as an alcoholic by every ex-agent who spoke to the Press about him .
Diane
Tork does n't disagree with that characterization , saying , " He 's a drunk .
I 've heard that he will take his clothes off and run around the hotel naked — never around me . "
( " Scribs , " as he 's known , is just one of the industry 's many middle - aged men whose jobs require them to travel around the country in vans loaded with women in their late teens and early twenties , something that apparently creeps out no one in publishing .
A few former agents accused Scribs of getting a tad too friendly with them when he was on a binge .
One former agent said , " If you 're 18 years old , he wants to fuck you .
He 's a dirty , nasty old man .
I do not like that guy . " )
Diane says she runs a tight ship :
Her agents are n't allowed to bring alcohol inside the hotel .
She also says her agents are periodically drug - tested .
And if she hears any of them are using a dirty canvass , they 're out .
She says she 's had to fire about 15 agents in the past month for failing drug tests and lying to Joneses .
The kids can be a handful .
Yet it 's precisely these kind of troublemakers that Diane targets , mostly because , according to her story , she 's a philanthropist at heart .
Sure , she could hire upstanding kids from stable families who are maybe looking for a summer job before going off to Harvard , but that would just be too damn easy .
She 'd rather take in needy kids and nurture their self - respect by giving them a job and responsibilities .
" Kids today , their parents do n't want to talk to them ; they throw them out on the streets ... sometimes these kids need help , " she says .
So she can be stern , but maybe not as much as her ex-husband John , who , she says , is especially hard on the young women in his crew .
" He hates girls , " she says .
" You know why he hates girls ?
He thinks they 're all sluts .
And he gets so mad that girls go around with half of their body hanging out ... he does n't like his guys associating with the girls . "
( John Tork did n't return numerous voice mails ) .
But deep down , she says , he 's a softie .
And neither he nor anyone else in the mag crew business should be painted with the same brush , she says .
There are good and bad in every line of work .
It 's a sentiment that was echoed by a lot of people contacted for this story .
The media always wants to focus on the negative .
Why talk about things like agents on probation who beat , rape and kill people when you can talk about kids who are honing valuable job skills ?
James Scribner originally agreed to speak with the Press , but ultimately changed his mind , because of his belief that the Press just wanted to focus on the " negative . "
Of course , Scribs and Diane Tork have a point .
Few media stories describe how fun life on a mag crew can be — if you 're not a WAB .
First of all ( based on what ex-agents told us ) , there is nearly unlimited access to marijuana , cocaine , pills and meth .
It 's like an especially fun dormitory on wheels .
A lot of these young adults were already using before they joined crew , and find it absolutely wonderful that there are jobs where you can be high all the time , and instead of your boss caring , your boss is getting high with you .
You also get to travel the country , which means you get to experience Ramadas and Holiday Inns from coast - to - coast , as well as seeing the country 's beauty from a van window .
Plus , you get to knock on doors in exciting tourist destinations like suburban Houston , suburban Phoenix , suburban St. Louis and suburban ­Minneapolis .
For the guys , there 's potential to get laid like crazy .
Since crews are constantly picking up new agents , if a guy is n't getting anywhere with the current batch of young women , he just has to wait about 24 hours before the new batch arrives .
For the female agents , there is the promise of finding a boyfriend .
A lot of serious relationships start on the road , and many lead to marriage .
There are drawbacks , though ; the Press spoke with a few female former agents who say their managers coerced them into getting abortions because a pregnant agent can't be walking all that much , and , really , who wants to buy a magazine subscription from a knocked - up 18 - year - old ?
The idea is to appear innocent , not coked - out and with child .
Sure , if sales are bad , you do n't always get to eat , and if you complain , managers often remind you of your station in life , and how your own family did n't want you , and besides , what the hell else are you going to do with your life ?
The agents who do manage to leave often come back because the lifestyle has gotten in their blood .
An agent named Jenn ( she asked that her last name not be used ) told the Press about returning to her crew , even though she knew it was bad for her .
Jenn was hired in 2006 , when she was 22 and hiding from her abusive boyfriend in a North Carolina women 's shelter .
Traveling around in a van seemed like a nice change of pace , so she answered an ad in the paper for Sunshine Subscription Agency , and met up with the crew manager , a 34 - year - old guy who had served time in a Florida prison for burglary .
She left with him that day .
She enjoyed the constant partying but had disagreements with the company owner ( Vinnie Pitts , the current president of the NFSA ) , so she left after only a few months .
But when she got home , she was freaked out by how quiet and slow things were .
Her thumbtack habit grew worse — on the road , she would steal thumbtacks from bulletin boards and poke herself .
She did n't know why .
Once home , though , she was driving the suckers all the way in .
" I had not been alone for two months , " Jenn told the Press .
" I was so used to — no matter where I was , whether I was going to the bathroom , whether I was walking to the ice machine , I was never alone .
And then all of a sudden , I was . "
She added , " Physically , I could n't be still , because my body was used to walking miles and miles a day , that if I did n't walk anywhere in one day , I would have these muscle spasms all over my body .
And so I would walk for hours . "
So she went back to the crew and got what she needed ; the excitement , the friends , the exercise , the drugs .
All fun things .
Which goes to show that there is a positive side to this story .
_____________________
A year after the Wisconsin wreck , that state 's governor , Jim Doyle , sent letters to the publishers of the magazines sold by the crew .
In his letter to Condé Nast , specifically citing the magazine Allure , Doyle wrote , " Our complaints document a pattern and practice of illegal conduct and deception in the marketing of your magazine .
Unfortunately , last year 's accident in Wisconsin was not an isolated incident .
Other young people and adults have been killed in other states while working for itinerant sales crews .
Young people are recruited to sell your publication with promises of extensive travel , wealth and college scholarships .
Once employed , they are treated like animals . "
He then laid the final responsibility at the feet of Condé Nast : " As a major publisher , you have the ultimate responsibility for the way your magazine reaches the public .
You also control the purse strings because you pay these companies for obtaining new subscriptions .
Clearly , you are in the best position to ensure that these companies obey the law and do not risk the lives of the children representing your product . "
To date , Doyle appears to be the only politician who has called the publishers on their complicity in the door - to - door trade .
However , it appears his words did n't quite sink in .
Two months after his letter to Condé Nast , he got a response not from the publisher , but from a lawyer for the Magazine Publishers Association , displaying that organization 's uncanny ability to speak out of both sides of its mouth .
Attorney John Hadlock wrote that , to the best of his knowledge , the company running the crew in the Wisconsin wreck was not authorized by the publishers or the clearinghouse the company used .
( This , of course , is an unverifiable statement , since all of the information is closely guarded ) .
Hadlock continued : " ... And substantially , all of MPA 's member publishers have taken steps to disassociate themselves and their magazines from road crew agents known to have acted unethically .... "
And then , " The publishers would like to work with state and federal regulators to have a central clearinghouse of agents that are believed to be unethical or that violate the law .
For antitrust reasons , MPA has been unable to create such a list for fear that that would be deemed an unlawful boycott . "
A careful rereading of those passages presents a paradox :
How were MPA 's members able to " disassociate " from agents " believed to be unethical , " unless they knew which agents had bad records and which were kosher ?
Presumably , one would have to work from a list in order to make disassociation possible .
Yet , " MPA has been unable to create such a list " for fear of inviting accusations of antitrust violations .
So which is it ?
Either there is a list or not .
Apparently , the likes of Condé Nast are afraid of being sued by people like Rick Senner and Vinnie Pitts , which would indicate that Condé Nast does n't have much in its budget for hiring decent attorneys .
Hadlock ultimately blamed these unfortunate situations on the industry 's bogeymen , the nefarious bunch of unauthorized sellers known as " rogue agents . "
" Magazine publishers see such unethical agents as a serious problem , " Hadlock wrote .
" Agents of that type are quick to disappear when they are under scrutiny , only to reappear later under a different name and at a different location . "
Although Hadlock 's letter acknowledged the Wisconsin wreck , the MPA never issued a public statement on the tragedy .
It was a sensitive time for them — it was the same year the association got a new president , Nina Link , who came to the MPA from the Children 's Television Workshop , where she was , among other things , a producer of Sesame Street .
Nine months after the Wisconsin tragedy , Link was interviewed by Folio , a magazine geared toward people in publishing .
The interviewer asked Link , " In television reports about the accident , the MPA refused to comment .
Was that the right decision ? "
" I do n't know , " Link is quoted as saying .
" People here are so thoughtful , and that decision was made with a lot of ­consideration . "
The interviewer tried again : " Would you refuse to comment ? "
Link said , " I 'd have to be in the situation .
If I felt it was n't in the best interest of magazines , then no . "
A few questions later , the interviewer asked , " Should publishers be more aggressive in self - policing efforts ? "
Link 's answer : " We have some ' best practices , ' and again , we have established guidelines .
I think many members have been good about following those guidelines , but there are probably a few that have n't . "
The thing is , neither Hadlock 's letter to the governor , nor Link 's position that publishers take the MPA guidelines seriously , appears to hold up under scrutiny .
At the time of Crystal Mahathy 's death — 11 months after the Wisconsin wreck — she was working from a hot - list provided by National Publishers Exchange , one of the country 's biggest clearinghouses , which cleared major magazines like Time , Rolling Stone and US News & World Report .
Yet NPE did not sever ties with Senner after the wreck .
He served six months in jail and was back on the road , still using NPE 's hot - lists .
After the families of Crystal Mahathy and Scott Tarwater sued Rick Senner , Russell Wood and All - Star Promotions ( the case was settled for an undisclosed amount ) , Senner split from All - Star and joined a company called Entrepreneurs Across America .
( Mahathy 's and Tarwater 's families also sued Firestone Tires , which in 2000 had recalled a massive number of defective tires , many of which were fitted onto Ford Explorers , one of which Senner was driving .
Firestone settled with the families for an undisclosed amount ) .
Entrepreneurs Across America also used hot - lists from NPE , which featured titles like Reader 's Digest , Maxim , Forbes and Elle .
And these titles were hawked by top - tier individuals like Jacob Kanupp , who , according to internal documents from EAA , was a top seller when he joined in 2005 .
At the time , the 23 - year - old Kanupp had a warrant out for his arrest and had racked up charges ( if not outright convictions ) for possession of cocaine , assault with a deadly weapon , carrying a concealed weapon , felony possession of marijuana , contributing to the delinquency of a minor , credit card fraud , driving without a license , DWI , defrauding an innkeeper , drunk and disorderly conduct , and , oh , ­littering .
Representatives at the National Publishers Exchange ignored calls from the Press for weeks .
It was n't until we left a voice mail saying we had confirmation that NPE had subcontracted with All - Star Promotions and Entrepreneurs Across America that we got a call back .
That was from a woman named Elaine Scanlon , who would only say that they do not disclose which road crew companies they work with .
A TV Guide representative was the only person who would admit to a relationship with National Publishers Exchange , and that was only because , according to the representative , TV Guide dropped NPE — and all door - to - door sales — in 2007 .
A representative for US News & World Report stated in an e-mail , " ... since U.S.
News is a privately held company , we do not disclose individual vendor sales ­information . "
Ellen Morgenstern of Reader 's Digest also sent an e-mail , stating , " the vast majority of Reader 's Digest subscriptions come from direct mail efforts , partnerships , and via the Internet .
A very small percentage come from authorized subscription agents that comply with industry guidelines and practices . "
Beth Jacobson of Wenner Media , which publishes Rolling Stone , seemed confused when told that the Press was looking into door - to - door sales agents .
" Wenner media does n't directly retain those companies , " she said , which is precisely the point .
The Web site for the Pilot Point - based Direct Subscription Services includes Rolling Stone on its list of available titles .
But it 's much better for Wenner Media never to step into the same room with a top - selling DSS agent like Tim Heinecke , who joined the company after skipping out on probation for beating his three - year - old daughter .
Who wants to be publicly associated with that guy ?
_____________________
In her short time on the road for Senner Sales , Crystal Mahathy got to meet all kinds of people .
The thing about a Jones is , you never know what you 're going to get .
Some male Joneses will buy any crappy magazine from an agent showing enough cleavage .
Some will invite you in for a joint .
Some will slam the door in your face or sic their dog on you .
Mahathy was so young and unassuming that she seemed to invite sympathy from her Joneses .
A woman in Rio Dell , California , invited Mahathy in for some food and a rest .
She wound up talking to Mahathy for two hours .
She felt so bad about taking up Mahathy 's time that she bought a subscription to Rolling Stone .
Before Mahathy went on to the next Jones , the woman made sure to get her address .
Mahathy gave her the address to her aunt Shirley 's house .
The following Christmas , Shirley Mahathy opened her mailbox and found a card from Rio Dell , addressed to Crystal .
Shirley opened the envelope to find a Christmas card — a red background with pictures of little toys scattered about , and a bed with three sleeping tots .
Inscribed in the card was a message from the woman who had sat and talked with Mahathy months earlier .
" Hey little one , " it read , " ... please send a note and let us know you are safe and home . "
Of course , the woman never got a note .
By that time , Crystal Mahathy was ten months dead .
craig.malisow@houstonpress.com
When the Golden Rule Insurance Company rejected her application for health coverage last year , Peggy Robertson was mystified .
“ It made no sense , ” said Ms. Robertson , 39 , who lives in Centennial , Colo .
“ I ’m in perfect health . ”
She was turned down because she had given birth by Caesarean section .
Having the operation once increases the odds that it will be performed again , and if she became pregnant and needed another Caesarean , Golden Rule did not want to pay for it .
A letter from the company explained that if she had been sterilized after the Caesarean , or if she were over 40 and had given birth two or more years before applying , she might have qualified .
Ms. Robertson had been shopping around for individual health insurance , the kind that people buy on their own .
She already had insurance but was looking for a better rate .
After being rejected by Golden Rule , she kept her existing coverage .
With individual insurance , unlike the group coverage usually sponsored by employers , insurance companies in many states are free to pick and choose the people and conditions they cover , and base the price on a person ’s medical history .
Sometimes , a past Caesarean means higher premiums .
Amazingly , people constantly get blown away by the fact it can take just one or 2 possible minor changes to the words which you use , in any part of your life – to get a major change in your results .
The sooner people get this idea super - glued into their brains . . . the better their advertising and marketing will be . . . and the more sales and profits they will enjoy for their business .
I was reading through ‘ Long Lost Advertising Secrets ’ when I came across a story worth quoting to you .
How a hotel stopped its guest ’s practice of removing pictures from the walls of rooms – saving its profits .
THIS IS A SHORT , simple story .
It seems a Midwestern hotel man hit upon an idea to keep ‘ art lovers ’ from packing the pictures on the walls of the rooms into their trunks and suitcases , before leaving the hotel .
People have a ‘ souvenir complex ’ which prompts them to carry mementos away from hotels with them , in memory of good times .
These people are hard to deal with and every hotel man worries about them .
He knows he cannot come right out and say – ‘ I believe one of our pictures is in your suitcase by mistake madam ’ .
This would be embarrassing to the person .
Besides , she might spend many hundreds of dollars in the hotel every year and what is a $ 2.50 wall picture worth compared to such money !
It is the constant trouble of replacing the pictures which annoys many a hotel manager .
It is a source of petty irritation .
This problem had always remained unsolved – until the hotel man struck upon an idea .
It took just eight little words .
Now when a hotel guest takes a picture from the wall , he or she finds a blank space with bright RED lettering saying – ‘ A Picture Has Been Taken From This Wall ’ .
As you can read , it was something so simple and so powerful it stopped theft and saved profits .
Ask yourself this question :
“ What can you change in your business advertising and marketing , which may only be one word or several words which can ignite your sales and profits fast ? ”
YOU will have many such possibilities which are more obvious to you than a nosebleed on a white tissue – if you will only allow yourself the chance to open your eyes and mind far enough for you to see them .
Dedicated to kicking your ass until you succeed !
Trevor ‘ Toe Cracker ’ Crook
PS .
When you want to discover more about this Rare Advertising Bible , use the contact me page at the top on my blog or see the products page .
No related posts .
Related posts brought to you by Yet Another Related Posts Plugin .
Allies of Sen. John McCain have found new loopholes in the campaign - finance law he helped write -- and they 're using them to reel in huge contributions to help him compete with Sen. Barack Obama .
In one method , a Republican Party fund aimed at electing governors has started marketing itself as a home for contributions of unlimited size to help Sen. McCain .
His 2002 campaign law limits donations to presidential races to try to curtail the influence of wealth .
The ...
Hayden Panettiere Wants to Drink Legally NOW ( Photos )
has made a name for herself on the hit television show Heroes .
The 18 year old actress dates her 30 year old working partner .
She finds it problematic that they cannot go clubbing together because U.S. legal drinking age is 21 .
The teenage celebrity told Contact Music :
I can buy porn or kill someone in war , but I can't have a glass of wine .
If I could change one thing about America , it would be its ridiculous age limits on things .
That 's why I love visiting Britain .
I can walk into a bar and order a drink without having to show my passport .
That 's so cool . "
Panettiere called America 's drinking laws old - fashioned and believes they are in desperate need of reform .
It sounds more like Hayden is the desperate one .
Check out Hayden 's Hot Candies photo shoot HERE .
We 've also got her Teen Vogue shoot HERE .
More photos below .
If you are like me , you are regularly on the look out for new ways …
ABOUT
I 'm what you might call a serial web entrepreneur .
I started dabbling with websites in 1998 when I launched my first online store .
I began consulting to agencies and brands , which I still do .
President Bush and Vice President Cheney , both former oil - company executives , have long tried to tell us this war was about terrorism , about weapons of mass destruction , about bringing freedom and democracy to the Iraqi people , about anything but oil .
Said Mr. Bush : “ We cannot wait for the final proof , the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud . ”
He did n’t wait .
It did n’t matter that Saddam Hussein posed no imminent threat to the U.S.
Or that Iraq had nothing to do with the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
The troops were sent into battle in early 2003 and there is still , after more than five years and more than 4,000 American deaths , no end to the war in sight .
One of the starkest examples of U.S. priorities came during the eruption of looting that followed the fall of Baghdad .
With violence and chaos all about , American troops were ordered to protect one particularly treasured target  the Iraqi Oil Ministry .
As David Rieff wrote in The Times Magazine in November 2003 :
“ This decision to protect only the Oil Ministry  not the National Museum , not the National Library , not the Health Ministry  probably did more than anything else to convince Iraqis uneasy with the occupation that the United States was in Iraq only for the oil . ”
Image Bob Herbert
How convenient that the peculiar perspective of the oil - obsessed Bush administration can now be put to use advising the Iraqi government on its contracts with big oil .
Esiste un modo ideale per porre termine ad una relazione e quindi lasciare il proprio partner ?
Personalmente credo di no , anche perchè , indipendentemente dai benefici che se ne possano trarre , la fine di una storia ha sempre un che di traumatico .
Ma se proprio si dovesse stilare un elenco , credo che la medaglia d’ oro al peggiore andrebbe al “ modus telefonandi ” ……………… … da una cornetta all ’ altra , sul filo corre la tensione !
Mai fatto per carità , ma una mia cara amica ha questa sorta di vizietto .
Il punto però è un altro : sistematicamente nei giorni successivi , hanno un incontro simil.chiarificatore.conciliativo con esito assolutamente prevedibile : il sesso .
Ma …..il sesso è per caso diventato la panacea di tutti i mali ?
O è un modo per porre rimedio ad un errore ?
Perchè io ne conosco altri .
Magari parlare ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Mi piace : Mi piace Caricamento ...
Correlati
Will , Lisa , and two of their friends attempt to flee man-made and natural disasters and encounter Batman , Hancock , The Hulk , Indiana Jones , Hannah Montana , Michael Jackson , Beowulf , the Love Guru , Iron Man , rabid chipmunks amongst others in their seemingly vain efforts to seek help and shelter from unknown threats .
Written by rAjOo ( gunwanti@hotmail.com )
For months , John McCain has been bragging on the fact that he ’s got fmr .
Sen . Phil Gramm as his key economics advisor .
That ’s scary enough as it is , if you ’re familiar with Gramm ’s policy predilections and legislative history .
But now it turns out that Gramm , who advised McCain on his mortgage relief policy and speech , was also a registered lobbyist for the Swiss bank UBS , which is obviously heavily concerned with the mortgage crisis .
According to MSNBC , which has just broken the story , UBS only deregistered Gramm on April 18th of this year , which I ’m pretty certain was after McCain rolled out the policy that Gramm had a hand in crafting .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
Do you believe in God ?
If so , at some point in time , someone convinced you that God does exist .
They used one of the ten arguments listed herein .
How solid are these arguments and how do they stand up to basic science and reason ?
Since the dawn of civilization there have been many arguments for the existence of God .
Surprisingly , the vast majority of these arguments fall into the ten or so categories below .
Not much has changed in the last 300 + years in terms of new claims or evidence .
The same core arguments turn up again and again , often dressed in new clothes ( such as " Intelligent Design " or invoking bits and pieces of " Quantum Theory " but they 're still the same arguments ) .
How familiar are you with these ?
Here are the most popular arguments for the existence of God , along with our critique .
You may also notice that many of these arguments are , in themselves , classic examples of logical fallacies .
If you want to discuss any of this in more detail http://forum.freethoughtpedia.com/ " title= " use our messageboards . " >use our messageboards .
Before we get to the Top 10 , let 's take a look at one argument which is fundamental to them all .
This is the Argument from ignorance .
It would easily take the # 1 spot , but it 's important to list this first because all other arguments depend upon this useful presuppositional tool .
a.k.a.
God of the gaps , Godidit ! , Argument from authority , False dichotomy , Argument from incredulity , Non sequitur , Ad Ignorantiam , Appeal to Ignorance
The Argument from Ignorance is basically a naked assertion : God did it .
That 's it .
Epitomized by the popular American bumper sticker :
Premise :
Take virtually any aspect of our natural world that we do n't fully understand ( or that both the theist and his audience are not well - informed on ) , and you 'll find a someone claiming God is at the end of that dimly - lit tunnel .
Why is there cancer ?
What causes HIV ?
Why do people die ?
Why do bad things happen to good people ?
Why did that tsunami wreck Indonesia ?
How did the Red Sox win the World Series ?
It 's God 's will .
What is the meaning of life ?
To serve God .
Why should we act morally ?
Because God says so .
How did so - and - so survive that horrible accident unscathed ?
It was a miracle .
How did life originate on Earth ?
Godidit !
The Argument from Ignorance is the doorway that lets God into any and all claims .
Critique :
This is n't so much an argument as it is an unsubstantiated opinion .
This claim is made in virtually all other arguments for the existence of god .
The theist proposes a scenario that cannot be adequately explained by science or our current level of knowledge , and " fills in the gap " with God .
Whenever we do n't understand something , we use God as the universal excuse to explain anything unknown .
Obviously , in earlier days , with less universal knowledge , God was more prevalent .
As our knowledge expands , these " gaps " become smaller .
The battle over evolution is a desperate attempt to widen this ever - tightening gap that theists have claimed is evidence for the existence of God .
The irony is that many claims theists make which create these gaps are ones that could be answered with science and reason .
The " morality argument " is a good example .
People have been told that without God there are no moral standards and therefore God is the true source of morality .
These moral constructs can easily be explained without invoking the supernatural , but because of peoples ' ignorance and conditioning , it 's easier for them to conclude : it 's because of God .
The argument from Ignorance is the " glue " for all other claims , because as you will see , there is no indisputable , tangible evidence of the existence of any God .
So the other claims create a scenario where there is something " unknown " or " unexplained " into which the notion of " God " is arbitrarily inserted .
If the reader can't offer an immediate legitimate explanation , the Argument from Ignorance suggests by default , God is the answer .
Now , onto our Top 10 :
a.k.a.
You can't prove
God does n't exist , False criteria fallacy , fallacy of questionable criteria
Premise :
I know God exists .
If you disagree , prove otherwise .
Oh you say you can't prove God does n't exist ?
That 's because you know he does !
Critique :
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .
This is the way the real world and science work .
When you say God exists , you are making an extraordinary claim ; therefore , the burden of proof is on you to back up your claim .
A position that God does n't exist is not a " belief , " it 's the standard position we all start out with until we 're indoctrinated into religious schools of thought .
People are n't born believing in Jesus .
They start out atheist : lacking belief .
There is no counter - claim necessary .
Nobody has to prove the tooth fairy does n't exist either .
Furthermore , it 's technically impossible to prove a negative of this nature .
I can no easier prove God does n't exist than you can disprove my claim that I have an invisible , ethereal unicorn in the trunk of my car .
I say I do .
It 's not my fault he disappears when you look there .
Prove he is n't there .
You can't .
A famous counter - spin on this argument is the Russell 's teapot claim .
How do you know there is n't a magical teapot hovering around earth that is responsible for creation ?
Just because you can't see it , does n't mean it is n't there .
a.k.a.
If God did n't exist why would most of the world believe ? , Unstated major premise , Argumentum ad populum
Premise :
The vast majority of the world believes in God .
This supports the universal truth that God is real , otherwise it makes no sense that so many people would believe .
Critique :
Just because a majority of people believe something does not make it true .
There was a time when everyone believed the earth was flat , or that the Earth was the center of the universe and everything revolved around it .
As our understanding of science and the universe expands , it illuminates the irrationality of many early beliefs .
We no longer believe that lightning is caused by the god Zeus waving his scepter .
We understand that there are reasons for earthquakes and weather events that have nothing to do with anything supernatural , even though in past times , people were convinced God was at the control panel actively making these things occur , and the weather could be controlled by making sacrificial offerings of humans or other creatures .
All sorts of things were commonly accepted as reasonable and acceptable , such as slavery , that we now recognize were unreasonable and unacceptable .
If history has taught us anything , it 's that just because a large group of people believe something is moral or truthful , does not make it so .
a.k.a. " TAG " , The Ontological Argument ;
If you can't touch " love " how can it be real ? , Descartes ’s God‐claim , semantic psychobabble , new age
The Transcendental Argument is a bastardization of logic and reason .
Theists employ this technique to claim God exists by abandoning any evidence or references , in favor of using logic itself to prove the potential for God 's existence .
Theists start by examining the idea of God and use this as a basis to prove that merely by recognizing the potential for God to exist , we have therefore proven he does exist .
Premise :
The Archbishop of Canterbury in the 11th century coined the argument as such : 1 . God is , by definition , a being greater than which nothing can be conceived ( imagined ) .
2 . Existence in reality is better than existence in one 's imagination .
3 . God must exist in reality ; if God did not , then God would not be that than which nothing greater can be conceived ( imagined ) .
Critique :
The Transcendental Argument is faulty at its onset because it relies on various base assumptions that have not been proven .
Items # 1 and # 2 in the premise are presuppositions which are arbitrary , unproven and therefore meaningless .
The Transcendental argument is dependent upon the false assumption that for us to conceptualize something , it must have some basis in reality .
Here 's another example :
What is love ?
Can you see love ?
Can you touch love ?
If it is not tangible how can it exist ?
But you know love is real .
You can see what love does in your life and society , so it does exist .
God is the same way .
The Transcendental Argument proves nothing .
Just because you want to associate real - world impulses with this concept of " love " does not mean that love is something tangible that exists in the physical world .
Love is an abstraction .
The concept of love is subjective .
As is the concept of God .
It 's merely a way of describing something , and not , in itself , something that exists .
The Ontological Argument ignores this fact .
Another popular spin on this fallacy involves referencing the so - called laws of logic and suggesting that these " laws " have to be dictated by somebody or something , ergo God exists .
In reality , there are no " laws of logic " .
Logic is a name given to describe the function of how your brain processes information .
Your stomach 's function involves digestion .
Is there a " law of digestion ? "
No .
Another intellectually bankrupt semantical run-around .
a.k.a.
Believe and live forever in heaven , or do n't and suffer eternal damnation , Appeal to the stick , Fearmongering , There are advantages to belonging to a church ... , Argumentum ad baculum
Premise :
You must believe in God / Jesus .
It 's your only hope for salvation .
We are all doomed if we do n't accept Jesus as our personal savior .
It says so in the Bible .
If you want to live forever and avoid suffering , you must accept God .
Critique :
Christianity and most organized religions exist mainly due to the Argument from Coercion .
The crusades were basically one big argument from coercion : convert or be killed .
Needless to say , that 's a very effective argument .
In modern society , the need to get along with others in the community ( which often involves participating in religious rituals or identifying yourself as subscribing to the dominant theology in the area ) is also a form of coercion .
Religion has always sought to wound people , and then offer the cure for their ills .
The argument from coercion is just that .
Did you know you were cursed to eternal hellfire ?
Yep .
But hey , while I have your attention , if you follow my instructions , we can fix this .
Oh , also , it would be nice if you did everything this nice pastor says and give 10 % of your income to the church .
Thanks !
Fear has always been a big - time motivational force , but it usually does n't turn out helpful in the end .
There 's an easier way to avoid hell and eternal suffering : not believing in it .
Then you do n't have to give a tithe to the church , subvert your personal responsibility , cultivate an innate sense of insecurity , guilt , and self - loathing , and support institutions that have oppressed , abused , and murdered people in the name of God since their inception .
a.k.a. something can't come from nothing , Cosmological Argument , Every effect has a cause , First law of thermodynamics proves God exists
Premise :
Everything that exists in our world is the result of some sort of " first cause " which brought about its existence .
Therefore , there must have been a force which created the universe .
That " first cause " is what we call God .
Critique :
Like many arguments of this nature , theists make a special pleading to exempt God from their argument .
If everything that exists must have a cause , who created God ?
Variations of this argument employ the first law of thermodynamics to imply that God has always existed because the first law of thermodynamics says matter can neither be created nor destroyed .
Nice notion , but it still does n't prove there 's a God .
It merely suggests there 's more for us to understand , and every day scientists get closer to addressing these issues without referencing God or anything supernatural .
If there 's a recurring theme in any of these arguments , it 's that theists pick and choose which tenets of science they want to embrace ( the ones that help prove their claims ) and ignore all the rest as if they do n't exist .
These theories are part of a complex interconnected system .
It 's intellectually dishonest and unethical to ignore evidence that counters your supernatural claims .
The First Cause Argument ignores huge amounts of contradictory evidence , as do many of the arguments herein .
More importantly , as we are only half - way into the most common arguments for God , I 'm sure you 've heard most of these before .
And the next five will likely not be a surprise either .
The real surprise is that these arguments have been bandied about for hundreds of years .
And the refutations of these claims have also been present .
This is a testament ( no pun intended ) to how many religious leaders willfully ignore the flaws and downright misrepresentations in their claims .
These critiques are nothing new .
A hundred years ago , famous people like Robert G. Ingersoll gave public speeches outlining the same issues .
Do n't think your neighborhood pastor or priest is n't aware of the faulty logic he is foisting on his flock .
It may be their livelihood and they have an interest in saying these stories , but ask yourself if you have as much of a personal advantage in believing the stories told by people who know they are n't true ?
a.k.a. , argumentum ad verecundiam , The Bible proves God exists , Begging the question , Circular reasoning , Tautology .
Premise :
God is real because the Bible ( or whatever sacred text you believe in ) says so .
Why would so many people write so much about God if it was n't true ?
What about all the miracles that were " documented " by historical writers ?
There is too much evidence here to dismiss .
Critique :
This argument depends upon a presupposition , that the " authority " being referenced is accurate or legitimate .
That remains to be seen .
Any critical examination of sacred texts such as the Bible clearly show it to be riddled with inaccuracies and contradictions .
Using the Bible as any authoritative reference is dubious at best .
Since most of these scriptures are the de-facto , almost exclusive evidence of God 's existence , using them as a reference amounts to a circular argument .
Christians point to the numerous " eye- witness accounts " of Jesus ' resurrection in the Gospels as " evidence " that this really happened .
But the gospels themselves are riddled with contradictions , and were written decades after the events supposedly took place .
It 's not unreasonable to consider many of these sources unreliable .
You could likewise argue that the overwhelming amount of literature making reference to vampires proves they are real characters that truly do or did exist .
Or maybe not .
Maybe Jesus , like Count Dracula , Zeus or Santa Claus , was simply a popular mythological figure about which people made up stories ?
It 's worth noting that the Flying Spaghetti Monster is another manufactured myth which relies on the Argument from Authority , by claiming certain substantiating references are indeed authoritative , when in reality , they are just arbitrary claims .
In time , no doubt , as more people embrace the amusing notion of FSM , we 'll begin seeing them use the Argument from Popularity as well .
a.k.a.
I feel the presence of God - I know he 's real , Naked assertion
Premise :
I know god exists because I can feel him .
I know it in my heart ; he talks to me ; I feel his strength and existence flow through every fiber of my being .
Critique :
The problem with the Argument from Personal Experience is that it 's personal .
Whatever you feel is not something that anyone else can feel .
Therefore it is meaningless and inconclusive .
I can find somebody who thinks he saw Elvis in Starbucks last week .
That does n't mean Elvis is alive .
It means he was deluded .
Any claim that cannot be tested or subjected to some sort of independent verification is not a meaningful , legitimate claim .
I have no doubt you feel the presence of god , but this can also be explained rationally from a psychological perspective via various concepts such as the power of suggestion , lucid dreaming , hallucinations , mental disorders , etc. Personal " feelings " are not evidential .
a.k.a.
What are the odds of human beings existing ? , Anthropic Principle , Existence defies entropy , Humans are too perfect to have been accidentally created , Special pleading .
Premise :
The second law of thermodynamics says matter inevitably becomes entropic ( spreads out in chaos ) and this defies the observation on Earth where we see , things becoming more organized .
Therefore God is responsible .
What is the likelihood that humans would have turned out the way they have ?
It 's improbable that humanity ( or any other impressive life form ) arbitrarily came into existence .
Imagine a wind whipping through a warehouse of airplane parts and blowing the pieces around until they form a perfect , functional 747 jet ?
That 's what we are talking about in terms of the likelihood man " just happened " on Earth .
A similar story involves monkeys being given typewriters and eventually writing all the works of Shakespeare .
A particularly hilarious version of this argument is Peanut Butter : Disproves Evolution ?
Critique :
This argument works because those making these claims deliberately leave out a critical aspect of the story :
No scientist ever said everything happens randomly or arbitrarily .
How things evolve , change or become something new and different can be explained using processes such as Natural selection .
This argument ignores glaring facts in the equation .
The second law of thermodynamics applies to a closed system , but the Earth is not a closed system .
The entire universe is expanding and entropic .
Theists ignore this fact .
When employing the Argument from Improbability to the concept of evolution , theists also deliberately ignore the process of natural selection , which clearly demonstrates that the evolutionary process is anything but random and arbitrary .
In any case , even if the Argument from Improbability were true , it would n't prove the existence of God .
Theists also employ the Argument from Ignorance to arbitrarily suggest Godidit !
whenever something appears they can't explain .
The bottom line is that just because something seems impossibly unlikely to naturally occur , that does not mean it is impossible .
In most cases , many of these " improbable " happenings do indeed have clear scientific explanations that theists conveniently ignore .
Another variation on the Argument from Improbability centers around talking about how " perfect " the Earth , our bodies , the universe , etc. is :
The Earth ...its size is perfect .
The Earth 's size and corresponding gravity holds a thin layer of mostly nitrogen and oxygen gases , only extending about 50 miles above the Earth 's surface .
If Earth were smaller , an atmosphere would be impossible , like the planet Mercury .
If Earth were larger , its atmosphere would contain free hydrogen , like Jupiter .
Earth is the only known planet equipped with an atmosphere of the right mixture of gases to sustain plant , animal and human life .
Yes , if the Earth is so " perfect " how come the majority of it is covered with water and uninhabitable by humans ?
How come we were n't born with gills ?
If the universe is so perfect , why are there so many planets that are totally inhospitable to humans ?
Why does n't the moon have an atmosphere ?
The " perfection " spin does n't work .
a.k.a.
Better to believe and be right than not believe and be wrong ,
It does n't hurt to believe in god and it's a safer bet , False dichotomy .
Premise :
French philosopher Blaise Pascal reasoned that it was a " safe bet " to believe in God just in case he was real .
What 's the harm ?
If you believe and he does n't exist , you do n't lose anything , but if you do n't believe and he does exist , you lose big time .
Critique :
Most theists have reasoned that Pascal 's Wager makes sense .
The problem is , it is a fool 's bet .
If God is really omnipotent , then surely he knows that your beliefs are not sincere , that you 're just playing the odds .
Beyond that , Pascal 's Wager does not address the more substantive question of which God you should believe in .
Do you believe in Christ , or Xenu , Mithra , Saturn , Buddha , or Allah ?
What if God 's real test was to see who would defy convention and refuse to believe and those were the ones who get to heaven ?
The permutations in this equation are endless , which proves that Pascal 's Wager is a total waste of time .
Like all the other arguments , theists will disagree , but only because they 've manufactured their own set of rules that convinces them that their reasoning makes more sense .
It does n't though .
a.k.a.
Teleological argument , Every creation must have a creator . , Intelligent Design , argument from complexity , Argument from final consequences , Special pleading , Ad - hoc reasoning .
This argument has been floating around ever since religion was invented , but was made famous by British Christian apologist William Paley using his watchmaker argument , which was parodied by Bertrand Russell with his Celestial Teapot version .
Premise :
The most common analogy used to illustrated the Argument from design is the " watchmaker argument " .
If you found a watch on the ground , you never met the watchmaker , but you know from its design , the beauty of it ; the way each piece was intricately designed to work together , that this watch had a creator .
Theists point to the human body ; the precise way each of our organs work with each other and claim it 's the most amazing " creation " of all , and surely there was some sort of creator behind it .
Critique :
This most famous argument for God is also the easiest to completely deflate .
If anything sufficiently complicated must have a creator , then who created God ?
It 's as simple as that .
However , when you point out this flaw in theist logic , they commit another logical fallacy : special pleading to claim that God is the exception to the rule and does n't need to have a creator .
Furthermore , every example to date a theist can make to suggest that humans are too complex to have " happened by accident " ( another false claim ) has been debunked by scientists .
The famous Dover trial put the argument from design on trial and the theists failed miserably to prove their case .
This article is primarily written and administered by pile .
If you wish to contribute any major changes to the content , use the Discussion / Talk page to suggest changes and improvements , otherwise minor changes and corrections are appreciated .
This page is original content , Copyright © Freethoughtpedia.com - all rights reserved .
Link of the day - Who Is Shawn Casey ?
Is He For Real ?
A British man has been banned from visiting his girlfriend 's home after neighbors complained about noisy sex , a local official said Thursday .
A court barred Adam Hinton , 32 , from being within 110 yards of his 29 - year - old girlfriend Kerry Norris ' apartment , Brighton and Hove City Council spokesman Mike Taggart said .
Residents of Norris 's publicly owned home had been complaining since 2006 about thumping music , banging headboards and screamed obscenities , Taggart said .
Neighbors also complained about Norris sunbathing naked in her yard , and were upset that a 6 - year - old child in the building had been " subjected to the sort of obscenities you would n't want a 6 - year - old to hear , " the spokesman said .
" She is a classic nightmare neighbor , " Taggart said , insisting the case was not about sex .
" It 's about allowing your neighbors to have a normal decent life without being disturbed . "
The court granted the city council 's request for an injunction banning Hinton from the apartment because Norris had ignored a previous court order demanding that she be more quiet , Taggart said .
Norris last week was forced to pay $ 560 in fines and court costs for breaking the " noise abatement order , " Taggart said .
Neither Norris or Hinton could be immediately located for comment .
Brighton and Hove is located in southern England .
Playing Your Way To Millions
Rent A Chicken
Old iPods Are A Goldmine
Climate change will pose “ substantial ” health threats including heat waves , hurricanes and pathogens in coming decades , the Environmental Protection Agency said Thursday .
“ It is very likely ” that more people will die during extremely hot periods in future years , with the elderly , the poor and those in inner cities at the highest risk , an EPA report found .
Other possible dangers include more powerful hurricanes , shrinking supplies of fresh water in the West , and the increased spread of diseases contracted through food and water .
Last week , the EPA effectively decided not to regulate greenhouse gas emissions , at least not until after the Bush administration leaves office .
A former EPA official told a House panel this week that senior White House officials and several Cabinet members supported regulating the emissions before the White House changed course and barred the EPA from concluding that they endangered public welfare .
Advertisement
In an interview behind closed doors Tuesday , former EPA Deputy Associate Administrator Jason Burnett told the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming that President Bush ’s deputy chief of staff for policy , Joel Kaplan , originally signed off on the decision to regulate emissions from both vehicles and stationary sources such as power plants and refineries .
The decision came in response to a 2007 Supreme Court ruling instructing the administration to determine whether carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases should be regulated under the Clean Air Act .
“ There was a general belief that moving forward with a challenge and establishing a precedent in channeling regulation would serve the country better than leaving the challenge to the next administration , ” Burnett said in the interview , according to a transcript obtained by the Washington Post .
“ The chief of staff ’s office then appears to have changed its mind . ”
“ Today typifies the climate - change schizophrenia in the Bush administration , ” Rep. Edward Markey ( D - Mass . ) , who leads the House panel , said in a statement .
“ On one hand , government scientists are saying that global warming poses grave threats to our health and our welfare , and on the other hand [ there ] are White House political hacks following the oil industry ’s bidding to do nothing . ”
Advertisement
The EPA report Thursday was less notable for its warnings -- similar problems have been predicted by other scientists and by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change -- than for its source .
The Bush administration has resisted concluding that warming temperatures will harm human health .
But in Thursday ’s report , that was unmistakably the conclusion .
“ We . . . anticipate substantial human health impacts , ” the document said .
In the West , it found , changing weather patterns could thin the snow packs that feed rivers , affecting both hydroelectric dams and water supplies .
Advertisement
In coastal areas , it could bring sea - level rise that eats away at dry land and storm surges that can wash land away in a flash .
In Washington and other Eastern cities , the report said , a warmer climate is likely to produce more bad - air days , since heat speeds up the process by which exhaust byproducts are cooked into smog .
The report also found that warming temperatures are likely to mean more periods of sustained summer heat .
“ It ’s going to be hotter ; it ’s going to be hotter sooner in the year than it was in the past , ” said Kristie Ebi , an Alexandria , Va. - based consultant and one of the report ’s authors .
Advertisement
The report was prepared under the EPA ’s leadership but released by the U.S. Climate Change Science Program , which coordinates research among several federal agencies .
Joel Scheraga of the EPA ’s Global Change Research Program said there was no political interference in either the findings of the report or the timing of its release .
“ The answer is unequivocally ‘ No , ’ ” he said .
EPA spokesman Jonathan Shradar said there was no conflict between the warnings in the report and the agency ’s conclusion last week that regulation should be put off .
Advertisement
The problem , he said , is that the agency is still searching for the correct way to address the issue .
“ Climate change is a serious problem that our nation needs to address .
But we need to address it correctly , ” Shradar said .
Last Friday , the EPA announced that it was soliciting comments on the idea of regulating greenhouse gases under the federal Clean Air Act .
But at the same time it released a lengthy preamble , with messages from EPA Administrator Stephen L. Johnson and four other Cabinet members , saying that this idea was ill - advised .
Advertisement
Burnett said that this , too , was ordered by administration officials : “ We were told . . . that the [ document ] should not establish a path forward or a framework for regulation , but should emphasize the complexity of the challenge . ”
Burnett also told the panel that senior EPA officials met with representatives from ExxonMobil , the American Petroleum Institute and the National Petrochemicals and Refiners Assn. , who argued Bush should n’t undermine his legacy by regulating greenhouse gases .
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said Thursday that the EPA administrator had chosen his course on his own .
“ Steve Johnson , as he has said repeatedly , and in sworn testimony , made his own decision , ” Fratto said .
Advertisement
“ And so whatever anyone ’s views were at that time are fairly irrelevant because the administrator chose to go a different route . ”
An ironic thing about McCain talking so much about how he was tortured as a POW during the Vietnam War , is that we have learned all the techniques that were used against him .
As Andrew Sullivan brilliantly points out , the techniques we called torture when they were used against McCain 40 years ago are no longer “ torture ” .
According to Bush , Cheney , Yoo , Addington , and Tenet , they are merely “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” .
Consequently , by definition McCain was never tortured .
The next irony is that much is made of how 40 years ago , all this ( non ) torture reportedly elicited false confessions from McCain — including ( famously ) giving the names of professional football players as members of his squadron .
Today , we are assured that these same “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” are used by us to elicit valuable “ intelligence ” .
It is also ironic that when McCain was tortured , he was able to console himself with the moral righteousness of someone whose country did n’t practice such barbaric acts ( well , at least not publicly ) .
Today , we have lost the moral standing to complain when others torture , just as we have lost the moral standing to complain when another nation preemptively invades one of our allies .
But the ultimate irony is that McCain , who offers his sufferance of torture as his qualification to be president of the most powerful nation on earth , voted to allow the CIA to use these same techniques , thus endowing on our enemies that which he previously reserved for himself .
“ Not only is the report beautiful , but it shows all of the pertinent information required for a SEO site audit , and then some .
This report pointed out some metrics and server vulnerabilities that other audit companies ( WooRank , SEO Powersuite , iBusines Promoter ) just did not mention .
The web interface for the reporting is great , simple and easy to use .
Reports are saved in the portal for later use , which is also great .
Overall , I think this product looks great and I plan to use it as the main bulk of my SEO auditing as a SEO consultant . ”
Chris
The Russians are coming .
As many of America 's wealthy are roiled by the credit crisis and general financial gloom , a growing number of rich Russians are house - shopping -- and buying -- in costly U.S. enclaves .
Fertilizer ...
Movies & TV
Former US Air Force Fighter Pilot Breaks Down 12 Fighter Pilot Scenes From Film & TV
Former U.S. Air Force fighter pilot Christine " Grinder " Mau examines some flying and dogfighting scenes from popular movies and television shows and determines how accurate they really are .
Would you buy a hybrid ?
How have your travel arrangements changed with rising fuel prices ?
Message 0424 SMS SMH ( +61 424 767 764 ) or email us .
_________
Toyota president Katsuaki Watanabe said Australia had joined Japan and the United States as part of Toyota 's hybrid family .
Mr Watanabe conceded the hybrid Camry would be more expensive than the regular model , but suggested the $ 35 million subsidy might be used to keep the retail price down .
" It was only recently that we heard about the amount so we are not sure how we will use it , " he said .
Mr Rudd said it was an important moment for the Australian car industry .
" We are delighted Toyota has decided to invest in the Australian car industry and build the hybrid Camry at Altona , " he said .
Toyota plans to build 10,000 of the cars a year at the plant .
The cars use a third less petrol than a standard Camry , saving the average motorist about $ 1000 a year at today 's prices .
The $ 35 million comes from the $ 500 million green car innovation fund that Mr Rudd promised before the election .
Mr Rudd rejected suggestions it was a manufactuiring subsidy .
He said it was to help with start - up costs for a product that had economic and environmental benefits .
AAP reports : Toyota 's plan to build a hybrid car in Australia will result in other companies racing to embrace green technology and new export opportunities , industry insiders say .
The Australian Manufacturing Workers ' Union ( AMWU ) said the deal was good news for Australia 's export future .
" Any announcement regarding the production of green cars is a good announcement , " AMWU national secretary Dave Oliver told ABC Radio .
" We 've been saying for some time we need a plan for this industry as we start to consider the type of vehicles people will be driving in the next 10 to 20 years .
" Not only for the domestic market but to position itself for export strategies . "
Car industry experts say today 's expected announcement would lead to an explosion of green car technology locally .
" The kind of response it 's going to trigger from other manufacturers is to look at their own products and how they can be made more environmentally friendly , " Monash University manufacturing specialist Richard Cooney told ABC Radio .
" If this gives Toyota a leg - up in terms of the fleet market for vehicles then other automotive manufacturers are going to have to look at what Toyota is doing and find a business strategy to match that . "
Having a hybrid car built in Australia would give local designers , engineers and manufacturers access to the latest green vehicle technology , Dr Cooney said .
" It keeps Australia in the loop . "
Mr Rudd yesterday said he wanted to see an Australian manufactured hybrid car " as soon as possible " .
Brumby welcomes hybrid car production
Victorian Premier John Brumby said the decision would secure jobs for the state 's car workers .
Mr Brumby said 10,000 hybrid Camrys would be made at Altona each year from the start of 2010 , taking the plant 's total production of cars above 150,000 annually .
" With car manufacturers moving on a global scale to produce green , fuel - efficient cars , it is crucial that the Victorian auto industry secures a slice of this investment , which will add $ 150 million annually to our economy , " Mr Brumby said .
Camry too heavy : Democrats
Australian Democrats leader Lyn Allison welcomed Toyota 's plan to build hybrid Camrys at Altona but said a smaller model should have been chosen .
The Victorian senator said the Camry weighed an inefficient 1450 kilograms .
" We are still addicted to heavy cars , " Senator Allison said in a statement .
" Lower vehicle mass is essential for maximum efficiency . "
Holden should now follow Toyota 's green lead , she said .
" CSIRO and GMH prototyped the hybrid ECommodore in 2003 , so the research and development is done and , with a rejig , it 's ready to go . "
Hybrid cars ' wo n't fix reliance on fossil fuels '
A transport group has welcomed the news , but says it will not fix the nation 's reliance on fossil fuels .
Tourism and Transport Forum national transport manager Stewart Prins said hybrid cars were a bridging technology between gas guzzlers and the next generation of zero-emission cars .
" Models such as the hybrid Camry will undoubtedly play a useful role in the transition from the old technology to the new , and their development is welcome .
But they are not the long - term answer to the twin challenges of soaring petrol prices and greenhouse gas emissions , " Mr Prins said .
He is calling on the Federal Government to produce a national strategy that would guide the country towards a post - carbon economy .
He said the strategy would include reducing tariffs on imported low - emission vehicles and building a carbon - neutral public transport network .
Meanwhile , Environment Victoria said the move was a much needed reform for Australia 's car manufacturing industry .
Campaigns director Mark Wakeham said that for too long Australia 's car industry had focused on building petrol - guzzling six - cylinder cars .
" Now , we can participate in the booming market for hybrid cars globally , " he said .
But , he said , manufacturing hybrid cars was only one part of the puzzle to help reduce transport emissions .
" We also need vehicle efficiency standards for the whole vehicle fleet across Australia .
" The challenge is to green our whole vehicle fleet rather than just one part of the market .
We also need to reduce our car use and this will require state and federal governments to provide serious investment in new public transport infrastructure . "
Usually downtime on the internet is a Bad Thing ™ , whether it is network downtime or server downtime or any other malfunction .
But let ’s face it , there are some things we would happily see go down .
Spam servers
If spam would end , even for just a while , the mail servers of the world would heave a collective sigh of relief .
Whatever software that is making those spam botnets possible is also welcome to crash .
Spam blogs
Sometimes it seems like there are more spam blogs than real blogs .
They even have a name of their own these days : splogs .
Phishing sites
Who in their right mind would want these around ?
Your competition
Be honest now .
Admit that you ca n’t help but smile just a little bit if your competition ’s website goes down for a while .
Spyware backends
No , we do n’t want you to phone home !
Servers that collect data from spyware are more than welcome to go down permanently , thank you very much .
ECHELON
Big Brother could use a break , do n’t you think ?
They are working so hard .
That rounds off our little list .
Care to add some of your own ?
It ’s hard not to be exasperated and even a little frightened by the Senate ’s selfishly partisan approach to the nation ’s energy challenge in the days leading up to its August recess .
Given one last shot at taking modest but meaningful steps to deal with tightening oil supplies and climate change , the Senate instead settled for a schoolyard blame game whose main purpose was to exploit public dismay over rising gasoline prices for short - term political gain .
Senate Republicans tried to leverage voters ’ anguish by offering proposals that furthered their unexamined strategy to expand offshore drilling .
The Democrats responded by pinning the blame for the surge in oil prices on financial speculators , and offering a bill to curb trading .
The usual bogeymen appeared , with Republicans ’ accusing environmentalists of locking up precious oil supplies and the Democrats ’ blaming Wall Street .
These competing bills provided a dashing image of senators hard at work , but neither provided any hope of relief at the pump for beleaguered constituents .
The oil industry already has access to fourth - fifths of the nation ’s recoverable offshore resources , mostly off Alaska and in the Gulf of Mexico , and drilling the forbidden areas  protected by a longstanding Congressional moratorium that President Bush is trying to lift  would make only a marginal difference in prices 15 years down the road .
As to the speculators so reviled by the Democrats , most economists believe that they have little or nothing to do with oil prices .
Aiming to put a much stronger emphasis on traditional fixed - price retailing , eBay is making dramatic changes to its fee structure .
Analysts say it 's a move to compete with Amazon , though the company insists it 's not abandoning the auction model .
The main changes include a reduction in listing fees for flat - rate goods to 35 cents per item : previously this had cost as much as $ 4 , depending on the value of the product .
This fee now covers multiple identical items , whereas previously sellers had to pay extra to list multiple quantities .
In addition , fixed - price listings now last for a month rather than a week .
The company has also announced that the final value fees -- the cut eBay takes if an item sells -- have been " rebalanced on a category - by - category basis " .
While that means there will be winners and losers , eBay insists the total amount sellers pay will be lower " in most cases " .
The new prices take effect on eBay.com in September and there will be similar changes to the British and German versions of the site .
Lorrie Norrington , who heads eBay 's fixed - price department , says the changes do n't mean an end to the firm 's auction business : " We love auctions .
Auction - style listings remain the ideal choice for sellers who are uncertain about the value of their item , have a scarce item in high demand , or are willing to start at a low price and let bidding determine the final value . "
( Source : ebay.com )
Fixed - price fees made up 43 % of eBay 's income in the last quarter , and that figure is growing rapidly .
While private sellers will benefit from the changes , it seems the price cuts are aimed particularly at retailers .
( Source : msn.ca )
e Bay appears to be aiming to capture business from Amazon , a company that has profited from building a strong and trusted reputation and then acting as a middle - man for other firms .
The difficulty for eBay will be in trying to foster the trust of potential bidders ; in other words , the company better make sure those items arrive safe at the winning bidder 's doorstep .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Colbert Video : ' Blame Monica Goodling ' "
( 9 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 8/14/2008 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
the first time i heard the term " illegal but not criminal " was about 2 years ago in a justice department hearing whr the fbi admitted they had ILLEGALLY used " letters " to wiretap peops with no intention of getting the follow up warrant what a joke the govt beats us to death with petty laws while they excuse their own " illegal but not criminal " activity btw whr is the old tree list of past stories ?
the sibel edmunds thing was one of the most important subjects u have published .... why has it been buried ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 8/14/2008 @ 1:55 pm PT ...
Both the list of " Recent Articles " as well as the " Categories " list is available at right , in the navigation box titled " Brad Friedman 's The BRAD BLOG " .
Click the little plus box for the appropriate list .
The category page for Sibel - related stories , for the recrod , is : https://bradblog.com/?cat=58
Did n't mean to " bury " anything .
The recent reorganization here was meant to make things a bit easier to find and navigate , though I 'm always looking for ways to improve that , and appreciate thoughts any time .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/14/2008 @ 2:07 pm PT ...
When I was seven years old , my sister found me at the bottom of the stairs in our house , pointing at my hand with great concern and saying " where 's the other one of these ! "
Mukasey must have been sleeping walking .
We 're going to be OK after all !
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 8/14/2008 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
... and bush is in his own ( drunken ? ) stupor ...
Duckface bush
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... karen said on 8/14/2008 @ 3:46 pm PT ...
brad ,
thank you for explaining the new system ... i still hope hassert and others will be brought to justice
the only advice would be , keep it simple for us old peops that r not as handy with the net as u brillant young folks thank you for all ur good work the next time i am pulled ovr for speeding i am gonna say ... wasnt that illegal but not criminal officer ?
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 8/14/2008 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
Gee , I can't decide which is my favorite upsidedown inanity , mukasey 's " not ... every violation of the law , is a crime " or mcbomb's " in the 21st century nations do n't invade other nations "
They 're both non-sensical , highly offensive , and completely divorced from reality .
But I guess from the standpoint of the three - ring nightmare circus that we 're in , they both make perfect sense .
We are deep , deep , deep down the rabbit hole .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Mark S said on 8/14/2008 @ 7:24 pm PT ...
But ... but ... but ... everyone knows it 's Diane Feinstein 's fault .
I distinctly recall a bunch of drives and petition efforts urging her not to confirm Mukasey .
I know I signed several and I made my phone calls and sent my emails .
See ?
Not all the evil in the world is due to Nancy Pelosi .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Kmac said on 8/15/2008 @ 5:25 am PT ...
Seems to always come out of California , tho !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Joan said on 8/15/2008 @ 9:14 am PT ...
On August 22nd from midnorthern latitudes , Saturn is becoming lost in the sunset , but look for bright Venus and use it to track down Mercury .
Mars is a little bit higher up in Virgo and will be visible longer after sunset .
The planet Venus passed conjunction with the sun onJune 9 and is now emerging into view in the western evening sky .
But it will bea long and tedious process .
Even by the end of September this planet will stillvery low at dusk .
Look for Venus just as evening twilight fades , but don' twait too long , for it will set only about an hour after sunset .
Scan just abovethe western horizon about 20 to 30 minutes after the sun goes down .
Binocularswill certainly help you pick out Venus ' silvery spark from the still - brightsky .
As the season grows cooler Venus will slowly rise higher , until it shinesas a brilliant " evening star " in the twilights of winter .
But Venus is currently not alone , for also nearby are theplanets Mercury and Saturn .
Over the past week these three planets have been clusteredrather closely together .
Unfortunately , their close proximity to the sun causedthese planet bunchings to be visible only with difficulty against the brightbackdrop of evening twilight .
They are still relatively close together thisweek , although all three are so very low to the western horizon and so deeplyimmersed in the bright sunset glow that it is debatable that — aside from Venus — that the other two planets will be observable .
Your best bet is to use binoculars and scan near the westernhorizon about 15 to 30 minutes after sunset .
Swap in Mars
In September , Saturn disappears into the fires of sunset andis replaced in the planet trio by Mars .
So it will then be Venus , Mercury and Mars that will spend much of September tightly grouped together .
Unfortunately , their proximity to the sun will continue to be a problem , so they 'll continueto be visible only with difficulty against the bright backdrop of twilight .
Using binoculars and scanning the horizon somewhat to thesouth of due west about 15 to 30 minutes after sunset on Sept. 1 , you just mightbe able to pick up Venus , Mercury and Mars forming a right triangle .
And belowand to the left of this planet trio will also be a narrow crescent moon just2.1 days past new .
Viewers in the southern U.S. will have a bit of an advantagein that this group will appear a bit higher above the horizon .
Planet shuffles
On Sept. 7 , the Venus - Mercury - Mars grouping will resemble anisosceles triangle , with the Mars - Mercury and Mars - Venus sides measuring about 2.5 degrees in lengthand the Mercury - Venus side about 4 degrees .
And located about 10 degrees ( roughly the width of your fist held at arm 's length ) to the upper left of thetriangle will be Spica , the brighteststar of the constellation Virgo .
Venus and Mars will be separated by only 0.3 degree ( lessthan the apparent width of the moon ) on Sept. 11 .
If you can locate Venus withbinoculars in the twilight , Mars will be situated just below and to the left of Venus .
Mars will appear only 1/174 as bright as dazzling Venus , so do n't expectto see it right away .
The next evening , Venus is in conjunction with Mercury , butthey 're more widely separated at 3.6 degrees ; Mercury will appear below and tothe left of Venus .
At magnitude +0.2 , Mercury is much brighter than Mars , butstill only 1/44 as bright as Venus .
And creeping in from the east is Spica , about7 degrees to the upper left of the three planets .
Come Sept. 18 , Venus , Mercury and Mars will form anequilateral triangle , whose sides are 4 degrees in length .
And Spica nowbecomes a part of this array , sitting only a few degrees to the left of thetriangle .
Whether you 'll actually be able to see it , or the even fainter Marsagainst the backdrop of the bright twilight sky , however , is debatable .
But to have three planets and a bright star crammed into arelatively small spot in the sky does not happen very often , so I would urgeyou to give it a try .
Online Sky Maps and More
Sky Calendar & moon Phases
Astrophotography 101
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium .
He writes about astronomy for The New York Times and otherpublications , and he is also an on -camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , New York .
ARCHIVE : IJA Error
Fri. Nov 4th 2005 , 01:10 pm :
If you ever meant to type " HAHA " but instead ended up with " JSJS " because you shifted one - key over to the left or right , it 's called the IJA Error .
IJA is the acronym for One - Key - Shift error .
So typing " ; p ; " instead of " lol " is an IJA error .
If you 've ever chatted online , you know what I mean .
Usually on Friday we do our Buy and Sell feature , but with September 1st knocking on August ’s door — August 31st is that you ?
Uh… No. August 30th ?
Nope . August 32nd ?
No , you nitwit !
It ’s September 1st ! — it ’s time we looked at September call ups .
These are potential September call ups that will , should , could and potentially make or not make a difference in fantasy baseball .
So take a drag on that Newport cause Razzball ’s Alive With Pleasure with September call ups .
Anyway , here ’s some potential September call ups to keep your eye on for fantasy baseball :
Max Scherzer and Mat Gamel – Both mentioned in the other day ’s fantasy baseball keeper post .
Jobacum will get the call ; Gamel will more than likely not .
Joe Koshansky – Corner guy for the Rockies .
Some pop +
Coors = Hall of Fame career ?
Perhaps .
This offseason , Helton ( who ? ) or Atkins or both will be on their way out , which could open some room for Koshansky .
NL - Only ’ers and keepers should toss a few bucks Koshansky ’s way .
( BTW , Koshanky , Iannetta and Tulowitzki sounds like an immigration law firm .
Or the last surviving immigrants who orginally arrived on Ellis Island . )
Colby Rasmus – LaRussa says Rasmus is not getting the call up .
Was he sober when he said this ?
You make the call !
David Price – A ) I do n’t think he ’s ready to start in the big leagues .
B ) The Rays staff is filled .
C ) The Rays are a super - conservative team with prospects .
Look for Price in ’09 .
Travis Hafner – Well , there ’s a rookie name !
If you have room on your DL , you can continue to hold him , but he ’s missed three games this week in the minors due to shoulder soreness .
Let ’s not forget the comatose Indians fan who woke to see the Indians backup catcher with 17HRs and think the team was doing well .
You may get Pronk’d !
Shaun Marcum –
You ’re familiar with his issues .
You should avoid until TBD .
Brandon Wood - Here ’s someone I really like when he gets called up ( it will be a bit late because of playoffs for his minor league team ) .
Scioscia will probably bench his regulars here and there when they clinch so he should be able to wedge Wood into the lineup .
Chris Ray – Soon Tommy
John surgery will be an outpatient procedure .
Bonkers , I tell ya .
Absolutely bonkers .
Jerry Owens –
Only seeing playing time late in the year if there ’s an injury or the Sox clinch with room to spare .
Still SAGNOF .
Adam Jones – Another “ not really a call up , ” but should be back burning jays by next week .
Jason Pridie – Twins prospect / outfielder who might get called up .
Has some speed and power .
Decided to drop trou and take a dump on his Triple - A production this year .
That ’s not an endorsement .
Jay Gibbons –
His possible reappearance could n’t even get Dame Jane Goodall ’s nipples hard .
Jordan Schafer –
As I mentioned the other day , Wren says the Braves will not call up Schafer .
Stay tuned …
Or not .
Or yacht .
Or…huh ?
Brad Nelson – Needs to get out of the ginormous shadow of Prince Fielder if he ’s going to have any chance for success .
Jeff Larish – Already been called up to replace Carlos Guillen .
He has pop , but a liability on average .
Should be on AL - Only keeper teams already , and worth the flier if he is n’t .
Yo , that shizz is Larish !
Cameron Maybin –
If he ’s not owned in NL - Only leagues already and keepers , he should be .
His floor is Mike Cameron .
His ceiling is Derrek , who ’s this kid I went to high school with that hit something like .790 with 20 HRs and 40 steals in just under 30 games .
It was unreal .
J.R. Towles – Casual Reader of this site , “ Hey , I drafted him ! ”
Well , do n’t go picking him back up .
Blake DeWitt – Mentioned him the other day , in the Ryan Zimmerman fantasy prediction
post - a - roo-ski .
Jon Niese – Supposedly getting the start for Maine on Sept. 2nd or August 33rd for those that do n’t want August to end .
If the start goes well , you might see more of Niese ( BTW , no relation to Eric Nies ) .
Phil Hughes –
For of youse out there with Bobby Meacham pillow cases and “ Kiss Me I Got Jeter ’s Autograph ” t- shirts do n’t do it .
Put down that Hughes for this year .
Matt Murton –
If he does n’t get the call then The Federation For Equal Treatment of Gingies may have to step in .
( That ’s definition # 2 , btw . )
Steve Pearce – I pimped out my merkin with words of praise for Pearce earlier in the year , but he showed everything that Pittsburgh touches turns to Jack Wilson .
Andrew McCutchen – Ca n’t someone hire Bobby Bonilla to give an inspiration speech about how the Pirates were once good ?
Brandon Morrow – I ’ve covered him already .
I ’ll save you a sidebar search .
I ’m not buying into him for September .
Nadir Bupkus – The future of the San Diego Padres franchise .
As employers hand out electronic devices to their employees at a greater pace , there are growing concerns that workers eligible for overtime pay , known as non-exempt employees , could begin suing their employers for overtime hours earned while tapping on their devices during after - work hours .
As a result , lawyers are advising their corporate clients to update their policies and handbooks related to BlackBerry use and reconsider who gets a device .
Although experts said that they are not aware of any current lawsuits , they said it 's inevitable .
" I 'll bet anything that a lawsuit is going happen , " says Robert Brady , founder and CEO of Business & Legal Reports , a company that works with human resource professionals to comply with the law .
Handheld devices like the BlackBerry , made by Research In Motion , Palm and Apple 's iPhone have created a 24/7 workplace that blurs the line between the ofice and home .
The average professional spends 50 minutes a day sending emails after work , according to a survey conducted by Cohesive Knowledge Solutions , a company that trains companies and employees on email efficiency .
To minimize the risk of a lawsuit , attorneys are warning employers to reevaluate their policies .
The safest approach , said Jennifer Feldman an employment law attorney at WolfBlock , is to stop giving BlackBerrys to non-exempt employees .
That , however , is not always possible .
In such cases , attorneys suggest employers write policies that state non-exempt workers should only use company - issued devices after work when specifically told to .
Another option is for employers to ask non-exempt workers to leave the device at the office at the end of their work day , says Howard Lavin a partner at Stroock and Stroock and Lavan who has advised his clients on these types of policies .
Lavin adds that when companies ask an employee to use a device after work hours they should make it a rule that non-exempt employees “ keep track of that time ” on a timesheet .
Sign Of Things To Come
Last month , a small disagreement at ABC News , a unit of The Walt Disney Company , based on BlackBerrys made headlines .
The company asked three new employees to sign an oft - and widely - used waiver stating that they would not be compensated for after hours work on company provided BlackBerrys .
The employees , members of the East coast offshoot of the Writers Guild of America , were urged not to sign the waiver .
As a result , ABC confiscated their BlackBerrys for a short period before the the company and union negotiated changes in the language of the waiver .
The waiver remained essentially the same on emailing : After hours emailing would not be compensated .
The union , however , said it negotiated changes that included language stating workers would be compensated for some work , like booking guests for shows and writing scripts .
The waiver will be precedent going forward for members of the guild , said Sherry Goldman a spokesperson at the Writers Guild of America , East .
Goldman said the discussion , “ opened up this conversation : Is work done on a BlackBerry out of the office work ? ”
Anything done on such a device after hours that benefit the employer is considered work , say experts .
Advice For Companies
Today ’s question :
Is John McCain right about the need to build more nuclear power plants in the United States ?
Previously , Taylor and White discussed T. Boone Pickens ’ alternative energy plan and offshore drilling .
Too subsidized to be sustainable
Point : Jerry Taylor
John McCain is wrong .
As I argued on Tuesday , John , if an investment has economic merit , government does not need to subsidize it or order the market to consume the fruit of that investment .
But if an investment lacks economic merit , no amount of government favoritism will turn that ugly economic duckling into a beautiful , wealth - creating swan .
Without subsidies , nuclear power plants would never have been built in the first place , and certainly would n’t be built today .
Let ’s briefly look at all of the handouts going to that industry :
* A federal law called the Price - Anderson Act protects nuclear power plant owners from liability above a certain point in case of an accident .
* Federal regulations relieve the industry of the need to pay third parties to accept the risks imposed by waste disposal .
* The federal government provides both uranium supply and enrichment services but fails to charge nuclear power plants anything for the capital or inventory costs .
* The federal government recently budgeted $ 18.5 billion to guarantee the loans necessary to build the next several nuclear power plants .
* The federal tax code provides a 1.8 - cent - per - kilowatt - hour subsidy to nuclear energy producers .
Research by Tufts University economist Gilbert Metcalf shows that , absent the subsidies presently on the books , nuclear power is almost twice as expensive as coal - fired power -- and that ’s probably optimistic .
Recent power plant construction costs overseas demonstrate that cost overruns and construction delays still remain the rule rather than the exception .
How then do France , India , China and Russia build cost - effective nuclear power plants ?
They do n’t .
Government officials in those countries , not private investors , decide what is built .
Nuclear power appeals to state planners , not market actors .
How then do we explain all those permit applications in front of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to build new nuclear facilities ?
Simple : Permits are a low - cost means of reserving the right to go forward with new construction .
They obligate the utilities to nothing , and even pro-nuclear proponents argue that unless the feds do even more to promote nuclear power , the much ballyhooed “ nuclear renaissance ” will be die in its crib .
Enter John McCain .
You might be tempted , John , to argue the case for nuclear power to address greenhouse gas emissions .
But you should resist that temptation .
If we slapped a carbon tax on the economy to “ internalize ” the costs associated with greenhouse gas emissions -- the ideal means to address emissions if such an issue will ever be addressed by policymakers -- then the “ right ” carbon tax would likely be too low to jump - start nuclear power plant construction , if the economists are right .
If new plant designs or other technological innovations brought nuclear costs down enough to attract private investors , then fine , I would have no complaint .
But until that day comes , it will be guys in pinstripes from Wall Street , not guys in tie - die from Berkeley , who will keep those plants from coming on line .
Jerry Taylor is a senior fellow at the Cato Institute .
McCain ’s nuclear fantasy
Counterpoint : V. John White
Jerry , you pinpoint the first problem with McCain ’s nuclear power fantasy , which is the cost .
You do a good job of listing the mind - boggling array of government subsidies that the nuclear industry enjoys .
The supposed revival of nuclear energy in the U.S. is the financial equivalent of billions of dollars in new subprime mortgages with no money down and no ceiling on how much of the cost the government will back .
The owner of the proposed Calvert Cliffs 3 Nuclear Plant on the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland is a limited liability shell corporation with no assets .
Still , the unknown future costs of the plant are completely guaranteed by the U.S. and French governments .
No bank or corporation is willing to bet any part of its own balance sheet on new nuclear plants .
Carrying out McCain ’s nuclear plan will depend on the full faith and credit of the federal Treasury .
Conventional nuclear power has two other fatal flaws .
Each plant generates a huge volume of highly radioactive waste that must be safely stored for thousands of years .
Finding a permanent repository for the huge volumes of high - level nuclear waste has , so far , proved impossible .
And McCain ’s reliance on reprocessing nuclear waste into plutonium ignores the long - term threat of nuclear proliferation and the risk that terrorists or rogue states could acquire bomb - making material from nuclear plants .
McCain ’s emphasis on the nuclear threat posed by Iran is at odds with the proliferation risk posed by conventional nuclear plants .
Some nuclear power advocates point to the possibilities of new reactor designs and new ways to process fuel , which can someday overcome the downsides of current nuclear plant technology .
Research into ways of reducing the toxicity and volume of nuclear waste and creating a safe nuclear fuel cycle should continue .
But nuclear power is inherently not sustainable and involves large technological and safety risks .
It can not make a difference in reducing our fossil fuel dependence for many , many years .
I agree with you , Jerry , about the virtues of a carbon tax to help speed the transition to a low - carbon energy economy .
I disagree , however , with your opposition to subsidies for sustainable , low - carbon technologies .
We have an abundance of opportunities to improve efficiency technologies , including cogeneration of heat and electricity , fuel cells , solar energy and power - storage methods .
We have huge untapped wind , solar , geothermal and biomass energy resources that could eventually meet a large share of our electricity needs .
We can create a more flexible , interconnected , low - carbon grid that takes advantage of the synergies between several kinds of renewable energy .
The public has to share in the costs of these investments , or the technology wo n’t come to the market as soon as we need them .
But the payoff -- in the form of increased energy security , green jobs , global leadership in new technologies and a safer , sustainable environment -- will be huge .
V. John White is executive director of the Sacramento - based Center for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Technologies .
Labor groups call for investigation of Wal - Mart 's anti-Dem campaigns
Several labor organizations are asking the Federal Election Commission to investigate Wal - Mart 's alleged illegal political activism following reports the mega - retailer has been not - so - subtly urging employees to vote against Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama .
Wal - Mart made " prohibited corporate expenditures by expressly advocating against Senator Obama 's election " to hourly employees , the groups charged in a letter to the FEC ( . pdf ) delivered Thursday .
American Rights at Work , the AFL - CIO , Change to Win and WakeUpWalmart.com were signers to the letter requesting an investigation , and they concurrently delivered a petition signed by 60,000 people .
" For years , Wal - Mart has been intimidating and harassing its workers who want to form unions .
Now theyve adapted their unionbusting tactics to influence our federal election system , " Mary Beth Maxwell , executive director of American Rights at Work , said in a press release Thursday .
" Wal - Mart seems to be willing to break federal election law in order to stop their employees and all of Americas workers from having a fair shot at the American Dream . "
Earlier this month , reports surfaced that Wal - Mart executives were meeting with store managers and supervisors to warn them about the probability that pro-union proposals in Congress would become law were Obama to win the presidency .
The program walked a fine legal line because the company executives were advocating political views to hourly employees , which is prohibited .
Companies are free to advocate for specific candidates only to executives , shareholders and salaried employees .
The labor union 's letter to the FEC is reproduced below .
We all have to admit it , this year ’s Olympic opening ceremony was of epic proportions … but there was only one thing that was n’t so epic .
Right at the moment when Chinese gymnast Li Ning was flying to light up the giant Olympic torch , someone took this picture .
And if you think that this was Photoshopped , other people were able to take the shot from other angles .
In other related news , it was just reported that the Chinese government decided to dump Microsoft ’s products in favor of their open source alternatives .
Ok , not really , but would n’t it have been awesome , if true ?
:)
Originally posted by HowlrunnerIV
The Vietnamese very nearly did kill him at the point of capture .
He was bashed and bayoneted .
He then spent five - and - a - half years in captivity that , once again , did not meet the Geneva Convention .
He was denied medical care as mandated by the Geneva Convention , he was tortured , as strictly prohibited by the Geneva Convention .
For six years .
Tell me , had he been a prisoner on the Burma - Thai Railway , would you berate him for the use of the words " Jap " or " Nip " ?
absolutely positively no reason
he has not aquired the wisdom most men have , and has yet to realize the more important lessons about life , the things most old , veteran men , prisoners of war or not , will tell you are the TRUE reasons to live in peace and harmony with your neighbors .
Instead , this guy goes flying around calling an entire modern nation " Gooks " and says he openly hates them all , regardless of who they are individually .
For one , The Japanese treatment of prisoner 's in WWII is no comparison to the treatment of US prisoners in Vietnam .
The US were treated fairly well in Vietnam compared to WWII & the Japanese regardless of how you look at it .
Secondly , considering the aggression we were purpotrating on the Vietnamese people , to butt into THEIR affairs , and stop THEM from their personal aspiratios of freedom & socialism by " gross force at all costs " , I too am surprised they did n't kill Mccain upon capture .
But apparently these people kept him alive and others alive for years .
I 'm not speaking up for them , but during war in a nation like North Vietnam , just toat all , using up resources and food and water , is considered good treatment .
We can't seem to do that today in 2008 in Iraq and Afghanistan , this freedom loving , democratic nation .
We 've done many people equally as wrong as Mccain was done in Vietnam during this war on Terror , and the ones that havent been killed in custody or released after being held and tortured for years for , at a cost to the USA financially , are still rotting away inside Guantanamo Bay as I type this .
There 's no excuse for Mccain 's hatred .
As a Christian , he should FORGIVE ALL , even his so - called persecutors .
IMO , he should n't have been there bombing them , at least JOHN KERRY wasnt afraid to admitwhen he came home , but for doing that , he was attacked and lost the potential Presidency in 2004 from people just like Mccain .
Beyond this , as a man of as many years as he has under his belt , he should realize by now that there are more important things in life than to harbor feelings of hatred ; even people who suffered under the hands of the Japanese in WWII have learned to forgive them and even be friends with them .
But no , , setting the example , drawing the line , creating the standard by showing openly that even in his old age , This is 100 % equal to Osama bin-Laden saying he hates all Americans , and even HE can come off more considerate of others ' feelings on public video than Mccain , apparently .
Guess bin-Laden is more of a PR man .. right ...
Monday , 25 Aug , 2008 Science
According to a research made by a linguist from Washington State University , bad jokes trigger a great outburst of hostility from listeners .
" These were basically attacks intended to result in the social exclusion or humiliation of the speaker , punctuated on occasion with profanity , a nasty glare or even a solid punch to the arm , " said researcher Nancy Bell .
The " bad " joke that the researcher used in her study was :
" What did the big chimney say to the little chimney ?
" Nothing , chimneys can't talk . "
The reactions to the joke included insults , glares , silence and blows .
The scientist mentioned that the verbal response to bad humor in the study was aimed towards attacking the speaker .
There are several explanations why bad humor triggers negative response .
One is that it often interrupts the natural flow of conversation .
Bad joke represent an abuse of a social contract .
Thus , reacting negatively to a failed joke disheartens similar behavior in the future .
A dumb joke could also insult the listener by implying that he or she might in fact find the joke funny .
" Being selected as an appropriate audience for a stupid joke suggests that there is something amiss with the hearer 's sense of humor , " Bell said .
It is worth mentioning that previously little research has been made on failed humor .
In fact , humor represents a serious topic , featuring rich academic tradition .
Most professional comics would not consider the study 's findings surprising ; this is because they already know that bad humor could sometimes turn very ugly .
However , Bell was not aggressively attacked during her study , though she has picked some of the worst jokes on the Internet .
She told her students to slip a joke into regular conversation and then record the outcome .
" I told them , `just go out and tell bad jokes , be a hero in the field , " Bell said .
There were 207 conversations where the chimney joke was used .
It was found that 44 percent of the responses were rather impolite , aimed towards embarrassing the joke teller .
" The younger you are and the closer you are in age to your failed humorist , the more likely you are to attack , " Bell said .
It was no surprise to discover that children showed aggressive reaction mainly to failed jokes told by their parents .
Fortunately , according to Bell , an Oregon native , bad humor is not very common in the United States .
However , she faced strong criticism for her jokes in France , mainly because the jokes did not translate well into French .
" I may have been Nancy funny , but I was not French - speaking - Nancy funny , " she said .
Source : TV.MSN.com
Ashley Kaufmann : Lindsay Lohan's New Sister ( Photos )
Asawaits the results of a DNA test to determine if he is the biological father of 13 - year - old , photos of the teen have started to surface .
Ashley 's mother , Kristi Kaufmann , says she tried over the years to get Michael to live up to his obligations as a father .
" Many times I offered to do this privately so the other Lohan kids would n't be hurt , " Kristi told OK !.
" But Michael would not live up to his obligations . "
Lohan began seeing Kristi during a separation from wife Dina Lohan in 1994 .
Kaufmann claims
" We were in love , " although the affair only lasted 4 weeks .
A few weeks after Lohan dropped her , Kristi discovered she was pregnant and tracked him down and told him about the baby , and then he disappeared .
Over the years she tried to get in touch with him and finally received a phone call while he was in jail where Kristi says Michael finally admitted , " I always knew she was mine . "
Although Michael has written several letters to Ashley over the years , the two have never met .
Lindsay Lohan is said to be taking the news that she may have a half sister very hard , and Michael Lohan has threatened to sue Kaufmann if it turns out he is not Ashley 's biological father .
I have n't seen photos of her mother , but Ashley certainly looks like she could have come from the Lohan gene pool .
One more photo below .
Dems hit McCain over Abramoff - tainted fundraiser Nick Juliano
Published : Friday August 15 , 2008
Print This Email This Waxman says McCain ' abandoning his principles '
Despite a healthy fundraising haul last month , presidential candidate John McCain is still being severely outpaced in the money race by his Democratic opponent , and a fundraiser scheduled on the Republican 's behalf next week shows just how far he 's willing to go to catch up .
Democrats , though , are n't letting McCain forget that the host of Monday 's funraiser -- Christian Right leader Ralph Reed -- was a key player in corrupt lobbyist Jack Abramoff 's money laundering and influence peddling schemes .
" Raising money with Ralph Reed shows that the John McCain who ran in 2000 would have a hard time considering voting for the John McCain we see today .
Senator McCain has changed , " said Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) during a conference call Friday .
" He 's taking advice from Karl Rove and Karl Rove 's minions - and now he 's adopting Karl Rove and Dick Cheney anything goes style of low road politics . "
Critics are taking particular delight in the irony that McCain is now relying on a figure in a scandal that the Arizona Senator himself was instrumental in uncovering .
As chairman of the Senate 's Indian Affairs Committee , McCain and his staff uncovered myriad instances of Abramoff 's efforts to take advantage of tribal clients who retained him to lobby on behalf of casino interests .
" The John McCain who used to go out and try to root out this sort of corruption is now appearing to me to be a desperate candidate who will say anything and raise money anywhere with absolutely anyone to pay for a lot of the false and negative ads that we have seen , " said Waxman , who chairs the House Oversight Committee , which also has investigated the Abramoff scandal .
While Waxman said McCain deserves credit for his previous work on the Abramoff investigation , he accused the candidate of abandoning his principles in pursuit of political victory .
According to standards McCain laid out for himself at the start of the campaign , Reed should be " completely disqualified " from participating in the campaign , Waxman said on the call , which was sponsored by the Democratic National Committee .
Reed , a former director of the Christian Coalition , interceded with President Bush and White House officials to help some of Abramoff 's clients , according to a House committee 's investigation in 2006 .
Reed 's public relations firm also received $ 4.2 million from Abramoff to mobilize Christian voters to fight the opening of casinos that could compete with Abramoff 's Indian tribe clients .
After being exposed as a player in the Abramoff scandal , Reed said he regretted his actions .
In an e-mail statement to the Associated Press this week , Reed said , " I take the long view of politics , which is that yesterday 's opponent can be tomorrow 's friend or ally . "
He said he suppports the Arizona Republican but holds " no position , title or official role in the McCain campaign and am not seeking one . "
The DNC on Thursday released a Web ad criticizing McCain for the Reed fundraiser .
" Most people now see Ralph Reed as a tainted man , raising tainted money , " the ad intones .
" John McCain sees him as a source of campaign cash . "
Patience .
Google was a very good search engine for two years before you started using it .
The iPod was a dud .
I wrote Unleashing the Ideavirus 8 years ago .
A few authors tried similar ideas but it did n’t work right away .
So they gave up .
Boingboing is one of the most popular blogs in the world because they never gave up .
The irony of the web is that the tactics work really quickly .
You friend someone on Facebook and two minutes later , they friend you back .
Bang .
But the strategy still takes forever .
The strategy is the hard part , not the tactics .
I discovered a lucky secret the hard way about thirty years ago : you can outlast the other guys if you try .
If you stick at stuff that bores them , it accrues .
Drip , drip , drip you win .
It still takes ten years to become a success , web or no web .
The frustrating part is that you see your tactics fail right away .
The good news is that over time , you get the satisfaction of watching those tactics succeed right away .
The trap :
Show up at a new social network , invest two hours , be really aggressive with people , make some noise and then leave in disgust .
The trap :
Use all your money to build a fancy website and leave no money or patience for the hundred revisions you ’ll need to do .
The trap : read the tech blogs and fall in love with the bleeding - edge hip sites and lose focus on the long - term players that deliver real value .
The trap : sprint all day and run out of energy before the marathon even starts .
The media wants overnight successes ( so they have someone to tear down ) .
Ignore them .
Ignore the early adopter critics that never have enough to play with .
Ignore your investors that want proven tactics and predictable instant results .
Listen instead to your real customers , to your vision and make something for the long haul .
Because that ’s how long it ’s going to take , guys .
We partner with businesses in their digitalization process in order to improve their customer satisfaction journeys and uncover new business opportunities .
This helps overcome the experience design and technology challenges that impede their efforts to reach full potential .
We see process as an important part of success , and so we guide them through the right execution steps , from initial concepts , sketches and prototypes to final testing and launch , by providing value at every stage of the product development lifecycle .
Erlsom is an Erlang library to parse ( and generate ) XML documents .
Erlsom can be used in a couple of very different modes :
As a SAX parser .
This is a more or less standardized model ( see http://www.saxproject.org/apidoc/org/xml/sax/ContentHandler.html) for parsing XML .
Every time the parser has processed a meaningful part of the XML document ( such as a start tag ) , it will tell your application about this .
The application can process this information ( potentially in parallel ) while the parser continues to parse the rest of the document .
The SAX parser will allow you to efficiently parse XML documents of arbitrary size , but it may take some time to get used to it .
If you invest some effort , you may find that it fits very well with the Erlang programming model ( personally I have always been very happy about my choice to use a SAX parser as the basis for the rest of Erlsom ) .
As a simple sort of DOM parser .
Erlsom can translate your XML to the ‘ simple form ’ that is used by Xmerl .
This is a form that is easy to understand , but you have to search your way through the output to get to the information that you need .
As a ‘ data binder ’ Erlsom can translate the XML document to an Erlang data structure that corresponds to an XML Schema .
It has the advantage over the SAX parser that it validates the XML document , and that you know exactly what the layout of the output will be .
This makes it easy to access the elements that you need in a very direct way .
( See http://www.rpbourret.com/xml/XMLDataBinding.htm for a general description of XML data binding . )
If the document is too big to fit into memory , or if the document arrives in some kind of data stream , it can be passed to the parser in blocks of arbitrary size .
The parser can work directly on binaries .
There is no need to transform binaries to lists before passing the data to Erlsom .
Using binaries as input has a positive effect on the memory usage and on the speed ( provided that you are using Erlang 12B or later - if you are using an older Erlang version the speed will be better if you transform binaries to lists ) .
The binaries can be latin - 1 , utf - 8 or utf - 16 encoded .
The parser has an option to produce output in binary form ( only the character data : names of elements and attributes are always strings ) .
This may be convenient if you want to minimize the memory usage , and / or if you need the result in binary format for further processing .
Note that it will slow down the parser slightly .
If you select this option the encoding of the result will be utf - 8 ( irrespective of the encoding of the input document ) .
Read the documentation
Mr Bello Abubakar challenged Muslim scholars two weeks ago Nigeria 's Islamic authority has told the man who has 86 wives to choose only four and repent within three days or else he will be sentenced to death .
The Jamatu Nasril Islam ( JNI ) passed their verdict on Mohammed Bello Abubakar , 84 , according to Sharia law .
This comes two weeks after the Nigerian press and the BBC reported on the case .
Talking to the media then , Mr Abubakar challenged Muslim scholars , saying there is no punishment stated in the Koran for having more than four wives .
However , Mr Abubakar advised other men not to follow his example and marry 86 women .
No limit
The former teacher and Muslim preacher lives in Niger State with his wives and at least 170 children , and says he is able to cope only with the help of God .
" A man with 10 wives would collapse and die , but my own power is given by Allah .
That is why I have been able to control 86 of them , " he told the BBC .
Most Muslim scholars agree that a man is allowed to have four wives , as long as he can treat them equally .
But Mr Bello Abubakar told the BBC : " To my understanding the Koran does not place a limit and it is up to what your own power , your own endowment and ability allows .
" God did not say what the punishment should be for a man who has more than four wives , but he was specific about the punishment for fornication and adultery . "
Niger is one of the Muslim majority states to have reintroduced Sharia punishments since 2000 .
Several people have been sentenced to death for adultery by Sharia courts but none of these sentences have been carried out .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Thomas Frank appeared on " The Colbert Report " last night to promote his new book , The Wrecking Crew : How Conservatives Rule , and succinctly explained the thesis of his latest work thusly : Conservatives may be good at winning elections , but they suck when it comes to governing .
Download Download
" Once you start treating it as a business , you know once you start turning over government operations to the market you 're not talking about democracy any more .
What you 're talking about is plutocracy .
Rule by the wealthy .
Rule by the market . "
( h/t Heather for vids and transcript )
Rough transcript below the fold :
Colbert :
My guest tonight says that conservatives have destroyed the government .
Oh yeah ?
Then why do I still have to vote ?
[...].. Now you 're saying that that uh they do n't rule very well .
That 's your argument .
What do you mean by that ?
They 've been ruling for the Congress for most of the nineties and for most of the 1990's , plus they 've had control of every other branch of the government .
How could they not rule well if they stayed in power ?
Is n't that the objective of government ?
Frank :
Yeah I guess if you figure in one , in one sense it is .
They 've been very good at winning elections .
What they 've actually been doing in Washington DC though is throwing the bureaucracy into reverse .
You know , uh , selling off the government to you know to the highest bidder or in some cases the lowest bidder .
Colbert :
Is n't that the quickest way to reduce the size of government ?
Is that redefine what the role of government is .
Frank :
You know that 's uh ...
Colbert : Government does n't do this .
Government does n't do that .
You know government is just welfare for people who can't put out their own fires .
Frank :
That 's an excellent suggestion .
Just redefine the whole thing .
Government is n't about you know looking after the general welfare .
Government is about looking after you know our campaign contributors or something like that .
The problem is that 's not what we have the elections about .
That 's not what they were elected to do .
Colbert :
What were they elected to do ?
I 'll bite .
Frank : I 'd start with endorsing the laws .
Colbert : Okay , sure , but laws ..
Franks : Labor laws Stephen ?
Colbert : Labor laws ?
Frank : Yeah .
Colbert : Labor laws are very mutable .
Who 's to say , who 's to say what a hazardous work environment is ?
I mean maybe OSHA , but if you sell OSHA off to a private enterprise to enforce the labor laws ..
Frank :
Ah , very good idea .
See and this is what 's been going on in Washington for the last well , at least the last eight years but if you go back further as I do in the book for the last 28 years it is basically turning over these operations to the private sector where we really have no idea what they 're doing .
Colbert :
But government 's like a business .
Why should n't a business run the government ?
Frank :
Well that 's the funny thing it ain't a business .
Colbert :
It ai n't a business ?
What do you mean it ai n't a business ?
You mean is n't a business ?
I just wanted to point out that that was grammatically incorrect .
Frank : I believe , I believe you nailed me .
Colbert : I did nail you .
How 's that feel by the way ?
How 's that feel ?
Good ?
Stings a little but it's a good feeling .
Frank : But it 's not a business .
Colbert : Okay what is it then ?
Frank : Government is the uh , the expression of the uh , you know , public will .
Colbert :
But it takes money , it takes money ...
Franks :
It does take money ..
Colbert :
It makes it a business .
Frank :
Oh very good .
Colbert :
It does it takes money ...
crosstalk
Frank :
Is the Treasury Department a business ?
Colbert :
There 's the deficit , debt ...
Frank :
Here 's the interesting thing .
Once you start treating it as a business , you know once you start turning over government operations to the market you 're not talking about democracy any more .
What you 're talking about is plutocracy .
Rule by the wealthy .
Rule by the market .
Colbert :
And people who know what they 're doing and that 's why they got rich .
crosstalk
Colbert :
Who do we give the government to ?
The losers of the world ?
You know there 's no silver or bronze in life .
There 's only people who rule and people who follow .
Frank :
There was a time , there was a time in this country when a lot of people shared your views on this ...
Colbert : A lot of people share my views now sir .
Frank : Maybe so but hopefully it's not the people who vote .
Colbert : Uh huh .
We shall see .
crosstalk
Colbert :
Tell me , tell me something the conservatives have done to the government that have made our life worse .
Frank :
Well if you , let 's say you live in New Orleans .
Colbert :
No one lives there any more .
Frank : Alright ...
crosstalk
Frank :
Let 's say you are a meat packer in the state of Iowa ..
Colbert : Aha yep .
Frank :
And you 're thirteen years old ..
Colbert : Yep .
Frank :
You probably should n't be , you know , working on the killing floor when you 're thirteen .
Colbert :
Uh why because I do n't want to build character ?...
Here 's the point is .
I know that conservatives say like Grover Norquist wills say he wants to make the government so small that he can drown it in a tub .
But my question for you is that even if they do that , who 's paying for that water ?
I hope it's not the taxpayer .
Frank :
You know exactly .
You know the really interesting thing is they have n't shrunk government .
I mean it 's grown .
I mean you vote for these guys ... crosstalk ..
Colbert :
They 've made the government weaker .
Frank :
They 've turned it over to your buddies in the private sector .
They 've turned it over to the big contractors , the big campaign donors .
Colbert :
And what 's so wrong with that ?
Frank :
Well those people do n't answer to you and me .
They do n't answer to " We the People " Stephen .
They answer to ...
Colbert : Stockholders !
Frank : Yeah , they answer to the stockholders .
They answer to " He the Boss " .
Colbert : Meet the new boss .
It 's the same as the old boss .
Frank :
You know it is !
It is !
今すぐお金が必要な時、なるべく簡単にリスクなく借りられる方法はないか考えてしまうもの。
最も手っ取り早いのはカードローンでお金を借りる方法ですが、借金はできれば避けたい人もいるでしょう。
お金を 「借りる 」 「稼ぐ 」 「もらう」といった手段から、今すぐ必要な時に使える具体策を紹介します。
今すぐお金が必要ならカードローンでの借入が最も簡単で安全
冒頭で述べたように 「今すぐお金が欲しい」という希望を最も簡単に叶えてくれるのは、消費者金融のカードローンです。
消費者金融ならネットから申し込んで、ATMで現金を受け取るだけ。即日融資に対応しているので、今から申し込めば最短で1時間後には現金が手元に入ります。
映画やドラマの影響もあって、カードローンは取り立てがヤバイというイメージを持っている人もいるかもしれませんが、現在は貸金業法の適用で無理な取り立てをしてはいけないと決められています。
家に押しかけてきたり、お金を脅し取られたりといった無理な取り立てがあるとすれば、それは闇金業者です！
大手の消費者金融がそんなことをやったら、全国ニュースで報じられて大変なことになりますよ！
また高い金利のせいで、ムダにお金を取られてしまうのでは…と考えている人も安心してください。
「 今すぐお金が必要でも、来月になれば返せる充てがある」そんな人なら、消費者金融の無利息サービスを使えば、利息なしでお金を借りられます。
今すぐお金が必要なら、変なアルバイトで働くよりも、思い切ってカードローンで借入してしまった方が簡単ですよ。
今すぐお金が必要な人にカードローンがおすすめな理由
今すぐお金が必要な人にカードローンをおすすめする理由はただ1つ。
「 今すぐ現金が欲しい」と思っても、簡単・安全にすぐ稼げる方法はないからです！
たとえ ば 「1万円が今すぐ必要」だと思っても、すぐに稼げる方法はありません。
たった1万円と思うかもしれませんが、毎日働くサラリーマンですら1日8時間みっちり働いて日給1万円しかもらえないのです。
年 収300万円で1日8時間労働とすると、日給は12,500円の計算。今すぐ1万円稼ぎたいというのは、普通のサラリーマンが1日でもらう金額と同等分を稼ぎたいと言っているのと同じです。
「 今すぐ2万円必要 」 「5万円稼ぎたい」というのは、サラリーマンの平均日給を上回る金額。それだけ大変なことなんですよ。
だからこそ、今すぐお金が必要な理由があるなら、稼ぐよりも借りてしまった方が手っ取り早いわけなんです！
今すぐお金が必要な人に最適な消費者金融カードローン
そうはいっても、どこから借りたらいいのかわからない方へ、最適なカードローンを紹介していきます。
借りたい金額や、希望する条件に合わせて選んでみてください。
今すぐ5万円必要な人はレイクALSAで借りる
レイ クALSAで借りるおすすめポイント
無利息期間が最長でちょっとお金を借りたい人の味方
誰でも簡単！スマホだけでお金を借りられる
新生銀行の子会社だから安心
アルサちゃんのCMでおなじみのレイクALSAは、ちょっとだけお金を借りたい人におすすめのカードローン！
結婚式のご祝儀やお祝い金の3万円が手元にない！
給料日まで残 り1,000 円で生活できない …
パチンコの軍資金5万円が必要だ！
こんな理由で5万円までのお金が必要な人は、レイクALSAだけの特典を受けられます。
その名も 「 選べる無利息サービス 」 ！
レイクALSAには、初めて利用する人限定で次の2種類から無利息期間を選べます。
60 日間利息0 円
180日間利息0円（5万円まで）
たとえば今からレイ クALSAに行って5万円借りたとすると、次のような返済計画となります。
返済回数 返済金額 元金 利息 利用残 高
1 4,000 4,000 0 46,000 2 4,000 4,000 0 42,000 3 4,000 4,000 0 38,000 4 4,000 4,000 0 34,000 5 4,000 4,000 0 30,000 6 4,000 4,000 0 26,000 7 4,000 3,616 384 22,384 8 4,000 3,669 331 18,715 9 4,000 3,724 276 14,991 10 4,000 3,779 221 11,212 11 4,000 3,835 165 7,377 12 4,000 3,891 109 3,486 13 3,537 3,486 51 0 計 51,537 50,000 1,537
5万円までなら約半年は利息0円なので、最終的にかかる利息は1,537円のみ！無利息期間がない場合、4,151円の利息が追加でかかります。
もちろん180日以内に返済してしまえば、利息は0円。毎月1万円ずつ返済できるなら、利息なしで完済できるわけです。
今あるカードローン会社は、どこも無利息サービスを設けています。
ところがほとんどの会社 が「30日間」しか無利息期間を設定していません。
180日間もの無利息期間があるのはレイクALSAのみ！
新生銀行の子会社なので、無理な取り立てはもちろんありませんよ。
スマホで申し込めば、借入までは最短1時間！
今すぐお金が必要な人でも、簡単・安全に現金を調達できます。
毎 月1,000 円から返済できるプロミス
プロミスで借りるおすすめポイント
最低返済額 が1,000 円！毎月の負担なし
アプリで簡単、申込から返済まで完了
大手消費者金融の中で最も低金利
毎月ちゃんと返済できるか不安でお金を借りられない、そんな人は月々の返済額が少ないプロミスの利用がおすすめです。
レイ クALSAは毎月4,000円から返済しなければいけませんが、プロミスなら毎月1,000円から返済可能です。
借入後残高 返済金 額
10,000 1,000 20,000 1,000 30,000 2,000 40,000 2,000 50,000 2,000
実は借金を滞納してしまう人の多くが、月々の負担が大きくて支払えなくなってしまうのが原因。
毎月の返済額が支払えないと、その分延滞金も払わなければいけませんし、支払い期間が延びた分、利息がかさんでパンクしてしまうのです…。
これは適当に消費者金融を選んだ人が陥りがちな落とし穴！
プロミスならたとえ5万円借りたとしても、月々2,000円からの返済でOK！これなら、計画的に返済できそうな気がしませんか？
返済できないときの延滞金は、借入の利率よりも高い20％が一般的で、支払いが遅れた分かかってしまいます。
5万円借りて30日支払いが遅れると、821円の延滞金に。業者による取り立てはなくても、支払いが遅れるときっちり罰則が課されるわけです…。
お金を借りるなら無理なく返済していけるのが一番。
お金がない時は、なるべく月々の負担を減らしておくのがおすすめですよ！
カードローン初心者ならアコムで借りるのがおすすめ
アコムで借りるおすすめポイント
会員数最多！業界最大手の安心感
借りられるか不安でも3秒診断ですぐわかる
自動契約機（むじんくん）で全国どこでもお金を借りれる
カードローン業界最大手のアコムは、初めてお金を借りる人にぴったり。
公式サイトの3秒診断を利用すれば、申込前に自分がお金を借りられるか？簡単に診断できます。
いざ自動契約機に行ってから申し込みを行い、30分待たされた挙げ句、審査に通らず無駄足だったという人は意外と多いようです。
事前に審査に通るか診断できれば、無駄な時間もなくせますよね！
契約に必要な自動契約機（むじんくん）は、全国に937店舗！お金が必要なときに、近くでいつでも借りられてとても便利です。
アコムはスピード審査・借入にも対応していて、審査は最短30分、スムーズにいけば最短1時間でお金を借りられますよ！
まさに今すぐお金が必要な人にぴったりのカードローンです。
家族や会社にバレたくない人はSMBCモビット一択
SMBCモビットで借りるおすすめポイント
在籍確認がないのでバレるリスクがない
三井住友銀行にあ るATMで取引できる
返済 でTポイントが貯まる
カードローンに申し込むと必ず会社にかかってくる在籍確認。虚偽の申告をしていないか、金融会社が確認する目的で行われます。
いくら個人名で電話がかかってくるとはいえ、普段電話がかからないような会社や職種に勤めている人にとってはヒヤヒヤするもの。
とにかくお金を借りるとバレたくない人は、会社への在籍確認なく借入できるSMBCモビットを選びましょう！
①いずれかの銀行口座を持っている
・三井住友銀 行
・三 菱UFJ銀行
・みずほ銀 行
・ゆうちょ銀 行
②全国健康保険協会の保険証を持っている
こ の2つを満たしていれば、在籍確認なしのWEB完結が利用できます。
会社に勤めていれば②の保険証は持っている人が多いはず。①の銀行口座を持っているかどうかがカギになります。
たとえ口座を持っていなくても、三井住友銀行なら口座開設アプリを使えば当日～2週間で口座開設が可能！
どうしてもバレたくない人は、口座を開設後にSMBCモビットに申し込んでみるのもいいでしょう。
その際は二度手間にならないよう、モビットで借入診断を行ってから申し込むことをおすすめしますよ！
今すぐお金が必要な人でも使えるお金を借りる方法
今すぐお金が必要だけど、できれば消費者金融の利用を避けたい人に、他に使える借入方法を紹介します。
消費者金融以外で即日お金を借りられる方法は以下の4つ。
クレジットカードのキャッシング枠を利用する 質屋で品物を預けてお金を借りる 生命保険の契約者貸付を利用する ゆうちょ銀行の自動貸付を利用する
いずれも即日借りるためには条件があるものの、該当する人は今すぐお金を借りられるはずです。
クレジットカードのキャッシングでお金を借りる
キャッシング枠が付帯しているクレジットカードを持っている人は、キャッシングで今すぐお金を借りられます。
クレジットカードには 「 ショッピング枠 」 と「 キャッシング枠」の2つがあり、以下のような役割となっています。
ショッピング枠…商品を購入するために利用する
キャッシング枠…現金を借りるために利用する
通常クレジットカードを使うときは、ショッピング枠を使って買い物をすることが多いのではないでしょうか。
キャッシング枠を使うと、現金が必要なときにクレジットカードを使って、銀行ATMのようにお金を引き出せます。
つまりキャッシング枠がついているクレジットカードをすでに持っている人なら、今すぐお金を引き出せるわけです。
キャッシング枠が付帯しているかわからない人は、クレジットカードの会員サービスか、カスタマーセンターへの問い合わせで確認できます。
一方でクレジットカードを持っているものの、キャッシング枠が付帯していなかったり、そもそもクレジットカードを持っていない場合は利用できません。
またクレジットカードには毎月利用できる枠が決まっており、ショッピング枠で利用可能枠をこえてしまっていると、キャッシングは使えません。
そういった場合は、所持しているクレジットカードではなく、即日発行できるクレジットカードを発行してキャッシングを行う方法もあります。
即日発行できるクレジットカードを発行してのキャッシングも可能
現在、申込当日にキャッシングできるクレジットカードは以下のとおりです。
ACマスターカード（アコム）
セゾンカード（セゾンカウンター）
エポスカード（マルイ ）
エムアイカード（三越・伊勢丹）
この中で全国どこでも発行できるのは、アコムが発行しているACマスターカードのみ。
セゾンカードやエポスカード、エムアイカードは発行できるデパートまで足を運ばなければいけないため、店舗のない地域では発行できません。
ACマスターカードは、アコムと同様に全国の自動契約機（むじんくん）で発行できます。
質屋で品物を預けてお金を借りる
質屋は品物を預ける代わりにお金を借りられる店舗のこと。
家に貴金属やブランド品がある場合、それらを担保に質屋でお金を借りられます。
不用品買取と違うのは、借りたお金を返せば品物を返してもらえる点です。
質屋に品物を持ち込むと、貴金属やブランド品が査定され、見合った金額を借りられます。
査定では品物の状態やブランド、モデル、製造年などを元に金額が決定。
貴金属のほか、バッグや時計は金額が上がりやすい傾向にあります。エルメスのバーキンやロレックスの時計など、もし持っているなら質入れしてみる価値がありそうです。
質屋で注意が必要な点は、借りたお金に利息がかかること。
預けた品物を返してもらうためには、元金と利息を支払わなければなりません。
とはいえ質屋の金利は1.5～3％と低金利。借りる金額が高くなるにつれて金利は上がりますが、それでも金融機関で借りるより断然お得にお金を借りられます。
期日までに返済できないと、質入れした品物はそのまま返品してもらえないため注意しましょう。
質屋のメリットは次のとおり。
借りられるまでの時間が早い
同じ品物を何度も質入れできる
借入までの時間が早 い
質屋の査定は店舗に行く必要があるものの、来店からお金を借りるまでが非常にスピーディなのが特徴です。
質屋大手の大黒屋は、来店から最短15分でお金を受け取れると公式サイトでうたっています！
同じ品物を何度も質入れできる
またお金を返済すれば商品は戻ってくるので、同じ品物を何度質入れしても問題ありません。
過去に購入したブランド品が家にある人は、今すぐ質入れしてお金を手に入れられます！
ただし年度が変わったり、モデルチェンジがあるたびに査定額は変動します。過去に質入れしたときよりも査定額が低くなることもあると覚えておきましょう。
ここまでは比較的誰でも利用しやすい借入方法です。
一方で契約がある人なら利用できる、ちょっと変わった方法を紹介します！
生命保険の契約者貸付なら今すぐお金が必要でも即日借りられる
生命保険に契約している人なら、保険会社によっては「契約者貸付制度」を利用して即日お金を借りられます。
契約者貸付制度は 「解約返戻金」のある保険が対象です。
終身保険
養老保険
学資保険
上記の保険に加入している人なら、保険会社への申し出ですぐにお金を借りれます。
保険会社によって借りられるまでの日数が異なるので注意しましょう。
日本生命：即 日
明治安田生命：即 日
大樹生命：即 日
メットライフ生命：最短3営業日
アクサ生命：最短3営業日
最も早くて当日中、遅くても1週間後には借入可能です。
契約者貸付では、解約返戻金の7～9割が限度額の相場となっています。
契約者貸付制度は、実はかなりメリットが大きい制度。
低金利でお金を借りられる
無審査でお金を借りられる
返済期日が決まっていないため長期的に返済できる
低金利でお金を借りられる
契約者貸付制度は5％未満の超低金利で借入できます。
10万円借りて1年後に返済したとしても、利息は3,000円！消費者金融だと18,000円かかるので6分の1の利息で済む計算です。
無職でもブラックでも無審査で借りられる
またすでに支払っている保険金が元手となるため、借入のための審査はいりません。無職であっても、金融ブラックであっても関係なく無審査で借りられる方法です。
返済方法が自由でいつでも返済できる
契約者貸付制度には返済の期日がなく、消費者金融のように毎月支払わなくてもいいのは嬉しいポイント。
ただし解約返戻金をこえて借入してしまうと、将来的に返戻金がなくなったり、最悪の場合保険が解約されてしまったりするので、借りすぎには注意が必要です。
ゆうちょ銀行の自動貸付も今すぐお金が必要な人の味方
銀行で定額貯金や定期貯金を行っている人は、貯金を担保にお金を借りられます。
その中でも代表的なのがゆうちょ銀行。
ゆうちょ銀行の自動貸付は、生命保険の契約者貸付を上回る低金利で、どこよりもムダなくお金を借りれます。
定額貯金を担保にすると、金利は0.252％。
10万円借りて1年後に返済したとしても、金利は252円にしかなりません。
新しく申し込んだり、審査を受けたりする必要がなく、通常預金をこえて引き出した時点で自動的に貸付が実施されます。
貸付期間が2年間もあるため、期間内に返済できれば延滞扱いされることもありません。
貸付期間をこえても返済がない場合は、担保となる貯金が解約されるため計画的に利用しましょう。
2～3日待てるならネットバンクでお金を借りる方法もある
即日でなく2～3日待てる人なら、ネットバンクでお金を借りる方法もあります。
ネットバンクをおすすめする理由は、メガバンクだと審査が厳しく、借入までに時間がかかるため。
楽天銀行スーパーローンは楽天会員になると審査が優遇されるほど、銀行カードローンの中では比較的審査が易しめです。
銀行カードローンは銀行法により即日借入が禁止されています。
今日にでもお金が必要という場合は、銀行でなく消費者金融での借入を選びましょう。
今すぐお金が必要なくらい生活に困っているなら国の制度を利用できる
今すぐお金が必要なときに利用できる方法を紹介してきましたが、民間で利用できる方法がないなら国の制度を活用するのも一つの手です。
国で審査される以上 「今すぐ」というわけにはいきませんが、最短5日で借入できる緊急小口資金という制度もあります。
働けない事情があるなら公的融資を利用する
現在働けない事情があり、生活費に困っている人は公的融資を利用できます。
個人向けで利用できる主な制度は以下の2つ。
生活福祉資金（総合支援資金）
緊急小口資 金
生活福祉資金制度は 「 低所得者 」 「障害者 」 「高齢者」を対象に、生活費や住居費を支援してもらえる制度です。
住民税の非課税世帯ならば申込でき、連帯保証人がいれば無利子でお金を借りられます。
一方、一時的にお金が必要な人は 「 緊急小口資金」を利用可能です。
住民税非課税世帯でなくても利用でき、急な事故やトラブルでお金が必要になったときに申請できます。
緊急小口資金は公的融資の中でも審査から借入までが早く、最短5日で借りられることも！
緊急小口資金にかぎっては、条件なく無利子で借りられ、保証人もなく利用できる便利さです。
生活費が支払えないほど困っていて、今すぐお金が必要な場合は申請してみましょう。
ここまではお金を借りる方法について紹介しましたが、どうしても借りれない人に向けて、今すぐお金が必要なときに使える具体策を紹介していきます。
今すぐお金が必要だけど借りられない人が使える具体策
無職でお金を借りられない
未成年でカードローンを利用できない
過去に使い倒しており審査に通らない
どうしてもカードローンを利用したくない
こんな理由でお金を借りられない事情があるなら、稼いでお金を生み出すしかありません。
その日中にお金を手に入れられる方法もあるとはいえ、ある程度の時間を割かなければ希望の金額を稼ぐのは難しいです。
「 1日で5万稼げる！」とうたっているのは、グレーゾーンのアルバイトか、よほどの激レアバイト。うまい話には裏があるものですよ！
それでもやり方によっては、必要な金額に少しでも近づけます。金額別に使える具体策をみていきましょう。
学生におすすめの方法は 「お金を借りたい学生」向けのページでも紹介しています。
今すぐ1～2万円必要な人が稼ぐ方法
今すぐ1～2万円を稼ぐのは、数字として割と現実的です。
日雇いバイトでも高時給ならば1日働くだけで1万円稼げるバイトもあります。
1～2万円稼ぐ方法
日雇いのバイトで稼 ぐ
治験、健康食品モニターに応募する
クラウドソーシングで稼ぐ
スキルを売って稼 ぐ
ポイントサイトやアンケートモニターで稼ぐ
日雇いのアルバイトで稼ぐ
今すぐお金が必要な時、まず思いつくのが日雇いのアルバイトで働く方法でしょう。
最近では副業が促進されている世情もあり、短期や単発アルバイトの需要が増えている傾向にあります。
働ける余力があるなら、大手求人サイトで日雇いのアルバイトを見つけるのが最も現実的です。
日 給2万円以上を稼ぎたいと思うと、以下のような職種がありました。
マンションや官公庁の施設警備スタッフ
夜間介護スタッ フ
歯科医師
工事現場の足場組立スタッフ
夜間の仕事や体力のある仕事、専門職ばかりですが、条件に問題ない人は日雇いバイトに応募してみてもいいでしょう。
最近では次のようにお祝い金があったり、激レアバイトの募集を行っている求人サイトも少なくありません。
またショットワークスでは、コンビニでの単発バイトを募集するサイトも登場しています。
治験や健食モニターに応募する
短期間で高い給料がもらえると話題なのが「治験」のアルバイトです。
まだ世の中に出ていない薬を試すアルバイトで、1日あたり1～2万円の報酬が相場といわれています。
もちろん副作用とは隣り合わせなわけですが、体に異常が出た場合は医療手当や休業補償も出してもらえます。
直近で募集している案件を見ると、飲み薬以外に貼り薬やクリーム剤のモニターもありました。
薬を服用してそれ以外は特に何もしなくていいので、時間が余っていて持病がない人は応募してみても良いかもしれません。
また治験と同様に、健康食品のモニターで稼ぐ仕事もあります。
ネットを使ってクラウドソーシングで稼ぐ
ネットで稼ぐ方法として近年、利用者が急増しているのがクラウドソーシングです。
過去に専門職に就いていたり、事務で働いていたりといった経験がある人には、自分の経験を活かして稼げる場でもあります。
クラウドソーシングの募集職種 ライター
エンジニ ア
デザイナ ー
データ収 集
資料作成 など
クラウドソーシングでは、時間給よりも固定報酬のものが多いため、1案件あたり◯円といった形になります。
ライターの場合は文字単価、デザイナーの場合は案件あたりいくら、といった計算になることが多いです。
数をこなせばその分稼げる幅も広がるため、スキルに自信がある人にはおすすめです。
ただしクラウドソーシングの場合、サービスサイトを介すと、報酬の支払いスケジュールが決まっています。
月末締め翌月払いになると、即日でお金をもらえないため注意しましょう。
ネットで自分のスキルを売る
クラウドソーシングと同じく、自分のスキルを販売できるサービスもあります。
クライアントが募集する仕事に応募するクラウドソーシングとは異なり、自分のスキルを販売し、購入してくれるクライアントを待つのがメインです。
パソコン系のスキルの他に、手芸や占い、心理カウンセリング、受験のアドバイスなど、あらゆるスキルを販売できます。
中には他人の話を聞くだけで報酬を稼ぐ人も。自分の意外なスキルで稼げるチャンスかもしれません。
ポイントサイトやアンケートモニターで稼ぐ
スキルがなくてもネットで稼ぐ方法はあります。
代表的なのがポイントサイトとアンケートモニターです。
ポイントサイトに掲載されているサービスに会員登録したり、商品を購入すると、ポイントがバックされます。
バックされたポイントを換金することで、お金を手に入れられる仕組みです。
特にポイント還元率が高いのは、以下のような内容。
クレジットカードの発 行
健康食品の購 入
教育や不動産の資料請 求
中古車査 定
資格講座の受 講
銀行口座解 説
たとえば大手ポイントサイトでクレジットカードを発行すると、10,000ポイントのバックがあります。
10ポイント＝1円の換算となるため、1,000円分のポイントが獲得できたのと同じ計算になるわけです。
還元率の高い案件を何個かこなせば、それだけで1万円分のポイントが貯まります。
地道な作業にはなりますが、体力に自信がない人や、自宅で手軽にお金を稼ぎたい人には効率的な稼ぎ方ですよ！
クレジットカードや銀行口座は申し込みすぎると、信用情報機関に怪しいと判断されて、今後発行や借入が難しくなります。
ポイントが欲しいからとむやみやたらと登録しすぎないようにしましょう。
今すぐ3～5万円必要な人が使える方法
ここからは今すぐ3～5万円必要な人が使える方法を紹介します。
普通のアルバイトではなかなか3～5万円を稼ぐことはできません。日雇いのキャバクラや夜職でも日給2万5千円くらいが相場でしょう。
今すぐ3～5万円が必要となると、稼ぐ以外にものを売るという選択肢が出てきます。
次の方法は、うまく軌道にのれば3～5万円稼げる方法です。
メルカリやヤフオクで不用品を売却する
家に高値で売れそうな不用品があれば、売却してお金を手に入れるのも一つの手です。
特に稼ぎたいときは、メルカリとヤフオクの利用がおすすめ。
ブランドバックなら5万円近い値段で売れているものもあります。
服や本など、通常の買取店ではあまり値段がつかないものでも、メルカリやヤフオクなら元値に近い値段での売却も可能です。
今すぐお金が必要な未成年（高校生）でも使える方法は？
今すぐお金が必要でも、未成年はお金を借りられません。緊急でお金が必要な場合は、借金以外の方法でお金を手に入れましょう。
また未成年で稼ぐ方法について、実際に学生時代に稼いだ経験を持つ人から情報を仕入れました。
未成年でも利用できる方法なので、今すぐお金が必要なときの参考にしてみてください。
カブトムシの販 売
①カブトムシの卵をたくさん孵化させて、幼虫を小分けにしお祭りの出店に卸す
②カブトムシを成虫まで育てて、近所のホームセンターに売りに行く
この方法では約1万円稼げたとのこと。始めるまでに少々準備は必要なものの、一度環境ができれば継続して稼げるとのことでした。
トレーディングカードのレア抜き
①トレーディングカードのレアカードを当てる裏ワザについてネットなどから収集。近隣の町・市を周り、レアカードを調達した後、新発売のカードパックを購入し、レアカードをカードショップに売りに行く
②カードショップで高く売れないレアカードや、カードバトルで需要の高いノーマルカードを自分でパック化して販売。
③人気のないカードは、カードショップと仲良くなって高値で買い取ってもらう
実店舗での買取があるほど需要のあるトレーディングカード。うまく回せるようになれば月あたり3～4万円は稼げるジャンルです。
未成年なら潔く親からお金を工面してもらう方法も
未成年の場合、お金を稼ぐ方法は限られてきます。
学費や学校で必要なお金など、どうしても今すぐお金が必要ならば、親にお願いしてお金を借りたりもらったりするのも一つの手です。
トラブルを避けたいのであれば、親からお金を借りたときに借用書を作っておくのも良いでしょう。
親にお金を工面してもらう前に、自身のお金の使い方をしっかり見直すことも重要ですよ。
お金を作る最終手段！今すぐお金が必要でも避けたい方法
お金は稼ごうと思えばいくらでも稼げるものですが、金額が「大きく」稼ぐ期間が「短く」なるほど、危険度は高くなります。
たとえ今すぐお金を手に入れられたとしても、後々金額以上のトラブルに巻き込まれかねません。
お金を作る最終手段ではありますが、できれば避けたい方法を紹介します。
闇金からお金を借り る
消費者金融での借りすぎでもうお金を借りれなかったり、審査落ちの可能性が高い人は、審査なしでお金を借りられる闇金に手を出してしまいがちです。
今すぐお金が必要で、判断能力が鈍った状態だと、闇金でもいいからお金を借りたいと思ってしまう人も少なくありません。
ですが闇金は貸金業法に違法している業者です。支払えなくなるほどの利息をふっかけられますが、法律では守ってもらえません。
一度闇金に手を出してしまうと、何度も借入を促されたり、他の闇金業者に個人情報を流用されることもあります。
返済できないと家族や職場にまで迷惑がかかることもあるため、絶対に闇金からはお金を借りないようにしましょう。
クレジットカードの現金化は今すぐお金が入るけれどNG
闇金に変わって登場しているのがクレジットカードの現金化です。
クレジットカードは本来、自分の欲しい商品を購入して、翌月に代金を支払います。
クレジットカードの現金化は、カードで商品を購入した後、業者に売ることで今すぐ現金を手に入れる方法です。
大体が商品よりも安い金額を手渡されるため、今すぐ現金が手に入るとしても、翌月にはその金額以上（本来の商品代金）の請求がきます。
また購入した商品の何％かを現金でバックするキャッシュバック式と呼ばれる方法も。
いずれにしても自身が支払った額以下の価値になってしまうため、損してしまいます。
周りにバレずにでき、手軽だからこそ手を出しがちですが、クレジットカードの現金化はグレーな方法です。
業者のいいように払わされるケースもあるため、損をしたくないなら避けておいた方が良いでしょう。
バンドルカードのチャージは手数料が高い
近年登場したスマホアプリで支払いができるバンドルカード。
「ポチッとチャージ」と呼ばれる機能があり、バンドルカードに登録していれば、ボタン1つでその場で2万円までチャージできます。
チャージされた金額は後払いで、今お金がなくても前借りの形で利用できる機能です。
一見すると便利な機能ですが、使いすぎるとムダなお金を支払うことになります。
というのもバンドルカードは、チャージ額に応じて手数料がかかりますが、この手数料がカードローンよりも高金利なのです。
チャージ金額 手数料 3,000 円 ～1万 円 510 円 1万1,000 円 ～2万円 815 円 2万1,000円～3万 円 1,170 円 3万1,000 円 ～4万 円 1,525 円 4万1,000円 ～5万 円 1,830 円
金 利18.0％の消費者金融で1万円借りたとすると、1ヶ月後の利息は147円。一方バンドルカードは510円と消費者金融の倍以上の金利がかかります。
貸金業法には当てはまらないため、上限金利を超えた利息でも罰則の対象にはなりませんが、消費者金融よりも暴利であることは覚えておきましょう。
給料ファクタリングは高金利で損をする可能性あり
給料日前にどうしてもお金が欲しい時、給料がもらえる権利を担保にお金を借りる「給料ファクタリング」が利用できます。
給料債権をファクタリング会社に売却し、給料日前に現金を受け取る方法で、会社にバレることなく給料日前にお金が手に入ります。
しかし給料ファクタリングは高い手数料の設定がほとんど。
たとえ今すぐお金が手に入っても、給料が入った後に業者へ支払わなければならない手数料が高すぎて、結果損してしまう可能性があります。
中には1000％を超えの金利がかかる業者も。闇金業者が給料ファクタリングを取り扱っている事例もあり、金融庁も取り締まりを強化している方法なため、損をしたくなければ手を出さないようにしましょう。
パパ活やレンタルフレンドも危険が伴う稼ぎ方
スマホやSNSが普及したことから、自分の時間を売って稼ぐ方法も流行しています。
女子に多いのがパパ活です。男性と一緒にご飯を食べたり、デートすることで時給をもらう方法ですが、トラブルも多いため注意が必要です。
女性であるがゆえに暴力で脅されるなどの事件も発生しています。
他にも友人にバレたり、お金を払ってもらえないといった事例も。
同じく時間を売って稼ぐ方法にレンタルフレンドがあります。
結婚式や飲み会の人数合わせに、友人のフリをして参加することでお金をもらえる仕事です。
大人数の場であれば問題ないものの、依頼者と2人きりで会わなければいけない現場もある様子。
業者を介していても、トラブルに巻き込まれる事例も少なくありません。
短時間でお金を稼げる仕事には必ずリスクが伴うと覚えておきましょう。
The district attorney 's office in New Orleans is considering whether to appeal a judge 's decision to toss out murder and attempted murder charges against seven police officers for a shooting in the wake of Hurricane Katrina .
In quashing the indictments Wednesday , District Judge Raymond Bigelow agreed with defence arguments that prosecutors violated state law by divulging secret grand jury testimony to a police officer who was a witness in the case .
Survivors of the Sept. 4 , 2005 , shootings have said the officers fired at unarmed people crossing the Danziger Bridge to get food at a grocery store .
Ronald Madison , a 40 - year - old mentally disabled man , and James Brissette , 19 , were killed and four other people were wounded .
The officers admitted to shooting at people on the bridge , but said they were fired upon first .
Bigelow gave the district attorney 's office until Sept. 18 to decide if it would appeal .
The office has already asked the U.S. justice department 's civil rights division to look into the shootings , according to a letter the Madison family provided to reporters .
Testimony used against police improperly : judge
Bigelow also said that prosecutors had wrongly instructed the grand jury and that grand jury testimony by three of the officers was used against them improperly .
" It bordered on deliberate misuse of the law , " the judge said .
The officers sat quietly on one side of the courtroom and did n't visibly react to Bigelow 's ruling .
Following their indictment , one officer resigned from the police force , while the others were assigned to desk duty .
Bigelow ordered bracelets used to track the officers ' whereabouts removed , but left in place the bail each paid until the district attorney decides what to do .
Police spokesman Bob Young said the officers would return to regular jobs quickly , but he was not sure where they would be placed .
Thursday , 07 Aug , 2008 Science
Scientists discovered that the skull , found by a boy while walking his dog in 2004 on the banks of a river , turned out to belong to a European woman who passed away over 260 years ago .
The discovery led to serious doubts regarding the historical fact that Captain James Cook was the first European who stepped on the shores of the island in 1769 .
The skull was found near Wellington in Wairarapa region of the North Island .
The site was settled by Europeans after the New Zealand Company set up a colony in 1840 .
" It 's a real mystery , it really is .
We have got the problem of how did this woman get here ?
Who was she ?
I recommended they do carbon date on it and of course they came up with that amazing result , " Robin Watt , a Forensic Anthropologist , was quoted by British newspaper the Daily Telegraph as saying .
He was called in by police who investigated the finding .
In 2004 , the year when the skull was found , police started an investigation of murder , considering the finding as evidence of committed crime , said John Kershaw , the local coroner .
" One of the reasons some work was done on the skull was because it had a number of puncture wounds .
We do n’t know how this lady met her death , although the historian we used indicated drowning was a reasonable guess .
This ( examination ) suggests that the deceased may have been alive somewhere in the South Wairarapa in or about 1742 , " Kershaw said .
After the examination , researchers stated that the skull was surely not Maori , which is the only race known to exist in New Zealand in the 18th century .
They believe that the skull most likely is European .
Source : Daily Telegraph
Powered by www.infoniac.com
Claim : John Wayne ’s autopsy revealed 40 pounds of impacted fecal matter lodged in his colon .
Status : False .
Examples :
[ Collected on the Internet , 1999 ]
By the way when they did an autopsy on John Wayne ( Mr. Macho himself ) 40 pounds of impacted fecal matter was removed from his death inducing cancerous colon .
That ’s because Humans are not evolved for Animal eating .
Animal fats lodge in the folds and pockets of our intestines .
Carnivores have smooth intestinal linings and do not have these problems .
[ Hainer , 1999 ]
It ’s said that , according to the autopsy , John Wayne had 40 pounds of impacted fecal matter in his body at death .
Elvis reportedly had 60 pounds .
Origins : Advocates of colonic irrigation products of dubious benefit use scarelore like the examples quoted above to indict the American “ goo and glue ” diet and validate their claim that the practice is a safe and effective means of curing a variety of ailments by purging the body of all sorts of sludge and toxins .
Vegetarian groups employ this horror story to demonstrate that a meat - based diet is both unnatural and unhealthy for human beings .
Hence stories circulate about alleged post - mortem discoveries that celebrities ( such as John Wayne and Elvis Presley ) who epitomized the “ meat and potatoes ” diet , gluttony , or other negative eating habits had some tremendous amount ( 40 , 60 , or even 80 pounds ) of “ impacted fecal matter ” or “ impacted feces ” lodged in their
intestines .
Anecdotes such as these are , in a word , crap .
It is possible for fecal matter to become impacted and lodge in the digestive system .
In most cases , the colon tissues eventually stretch so that stool can push its way around the impacted matter and be evacuated .
If this condition continues too long , however , the colon can stretch to the point that its nerves are no longer capable of receiving signals effectively , and the afflicted person loses voluntary control over the contraction of his bowel muscles and becomes incontinent .
Now , think about how long a person would have to suffer with a serious and painful affliction such as this one to accumulate 80 pounds ( or 60 pounds or 40 pounds ) of “ impacted fecal matter . ”
In 1994 , an Israeli man sought medical attention because he was suffering from severe constipation two days after having eaten a large quantity of pomegranates .
He refused to allow doctors to adminster an enema , fled the hospital , and returned a week later in severe pain and bleeding from his rectum .
This time the doctors operated to remove the impacted feces .
How much fecal matter did they remove ?
Half a kilogram , or a little over a pound .
Just one pound of impacted feces was causing extreme pain and rectal bleeding in this patient , but we ’re to believe that people can accumulate up to 80 pounds of the stuff without even being aware of it ?
No matter what the medical possibilities might be , the prototypical John Wayne example is still a demonstrable lie :
No autopsy was performed on John Wayne when he succumbed to cancer in 1979 .
The medical examiner ’s office had no reason to hold an autopsy since Wayne had obviously died from natural causes , and hospital pathologists had little to learn by requesting the autopsy of a cancer patient who had already undergone several major surgeries ( and Wayne ’s family would have denied such a request in any case ) .
In fact , Wayne ’s relatives were so intent on fending off a crush of media and fan attention after his death that they hired a security guard to block access to his hospital room , had his body quickly and secretly transferred to a mortuary , held a funeral service attended only by family and a few friends at 5:45 in the morning , and had him interred in a plot without a headstone .
Nobody had the chance to perform an autopsy on John Wayne , much less to “ run his gut ” and weigh the amount of fecal material found within .
( Wayne did undergo surgery for an intestinal blockage about a month before his death , but that blockage was caused by the spread of the cancer that was killing him , not by an accumulation of waste products . )
This claim was somewhat true about Elvis Presley ( in concept if not in actual quantity ) , but not for the reasons we ’re led to believe .
According to an account based on the report by the four doctors who performed the post - mortem examination of the entertainer :
The colon is approximately five to seven feet in length in a person Elvis ’s size and should have been
about two inches in diameter … however , Elvis ’s colon was at least three and a half inches in diameter in some places and as large as four and half to five inches in diameter in others …
[ T ]he megacolon was jam - packed from the base of the descending colon all the way up and halfway across the transverse colon .
It was filled with white , chalklike fecal material .
This account makes it sound like Elvis was a prime example of the hazards of the “ goo and glue ” diet , but his poor eating habits ( greasy , cholesterol - laden foods such as cheeseburgers , french fries , bacon , fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches , ice cream ) were far less responsible for the condition of his colon than other factors , such as his congenitally twisted ganglionic fold , his overuse of laxatives , and , primarily , his prolonged drug abuse .
As one of the autopsy doctors described , “ When you take downer - type drugs , depressants , narcotics , a lot of them , most of them , have the concomitant effect of slowing down the digestive system .
In other words , the locomotive action of the bowel quits working , so it gets packed with food , and then it gets packed with more food .
And it sits there distended and full of food , and that causes the colon to stretch . ”
In other words , it was drugs , not meat , that caused the severely impacted condition of Elvis ’ colon .
None of this is to say that treatments such as colonic irrigation have absolutely no therapeutic value , or that most of us would n’t do well to change our diets to cut down ( or possibly eliminate ) our intake of meat , or that the morality of killing animals for food is not open to debate .
The point is , however , that no one soberly considering these issues should allow himself to be influenced by the type of propagandistic misinformation contained in Internet anecdotes such as these .
Last updated : 31 December 2005
Sources :
Brody , Jane E. “ Personal Health . ”
The New York Times . 29 January 1992 ( p. C12 ) .
Boston : Little , Brown and Co. , 1999 .
ISBN 0-316-33297-6 ( pp. 650-653 ) .
Hainer , Cathy .
“ Back in the Bloom of Health . ”
USA Today .
11 January 1999 ( p. D1 ) .
Mega , Marcello .
“ Putting Modesty Aside . ”
The Scotsman . 12 October 1994 .
Rabinovitch , Dina .
“ But Is It Better Than a Bowl of Bran Flakes ? ”
The [ London ] Independent .
10 December 1991 ( Health ; p. 15 ) .
Stacy , Pat . Duke : A Love Story .
New York : Atheneum , 1983 .
ISBN 0-689-11366-8 .
Thompson , Charles C. and James P. Cole .
The Death of Elvis : What Really Happened .
Boston : Little , Brown and Company , 1999 .
ISBN 0-316-33222-4 ( pp. 557-558 , 651-652 ) .
Wayne , Aissa .
John Wayne , My Father .
New York : Random House , 1991 .
ISBN 0-394-58708-1 .
Wayne , Pilar .
John Wayne : My Life with the Duke .
New York : McGraw - Hill , 1987 .
ISBN 0-07-068662-9 .
The Jerusalem Post .
“ Pomegranate Feast Ends in Constipation . ”
Groups Calls Series Of Incidents At Democratic Convention An Assault On First Amendment
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
DENVER – Following news reports and a video showing Denver law enforcement agents ordering a reporter off a public sidewalk and pushing him into the street and later arresting him , the American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Colorado called for renewed protection of the First Amendment guarantees of free speech and a free press .
The following can be attributed to Anthony D. Romero , Executive Director of the American Civil Liberties Union :
" The physical removal of ABC reporter Asa Eslocker from public property and his subsequent arrest are a blatant assault on the First Amendment .
Arresting a reporter for simply doing his job is both unconstitutional and un-American .
That free speech is curtailed during the Democratic Convention underscores the need for continued protection of civil liberties , regardless of the party in power . "
The following can be attributed to Mark Silverstein , Legal Director of the ACLU of Colorado :
" The arrest of Asa Eslocker is the latest of several troubling incidents in which law enforcement has mistreated dissenters or others exercising their right to free speech dissent during the Democratic National Convention .
On Monday hundreds of people were rounded up by police , detained without access to attorneys and denied the most basic due process protections .
Arrestees were flexi - cuffed together so that they could n't even use the bathroom alone , and in at least one case a woman was forced to walk barefoot and in leg shackles into a courtroom .
The First Amendment is supposed to be the cornerstone of democracy , but some law enforcement agents in Denver have shown a complete disregard for the right to free speech . "
Chavez tried for a third term and so will Uribe .
And I thought the two countries were so different !
See the New York Times article .
See here for some commentary on the issue .
Previous
Wise Up and Rise Up – or Kiss It All Goodbye
The chequered history of Rock Band in Australia could be set to take yet another turn , as an undisclosed retail source told us today that the game 's release may be delayed indefinitely .
Word is that retail buyers simply are n't interested in stocking a bulky product that 's a year old and will cost more than its similarly bulky – and up to date - competitor Guitar Hero : World Tour .
This is dire news if true , yet that 's not the worst of it .
Further rumours suggest that - for similar reasons - Rock Band 2 may not come out either , and that the Guitar Hero series has the market sewn up .
Whether EA would simply cede control of such a lucrative genre to a competitor remains to be seen , however , and we 're hoping that it will still push to release the second game in Australia .
We 've approached EA for comment but have been unsuccessful so far .
Stay tuned for more info .
And with good reason .
An article in The Independent asserts Dr. Joseph Biederman , Harvard guru of ADHD and child bipolar , received over $ 1 M in consultant fees and did n't report it to Harvard ; it then implies this is why kids are overmedicated , etc.
Wrong .
A thousand times wrong .
It could not be more wrong , it is dangerously wrong .
Believe me , I am no friend of Biederman's .
But the money is a red herring .
If you want to be angry about the specific ethics of a psychiatrist receiving Pharma money , fine , but I am telling you it is not worth the Senate time , not worth press space .
The real money , the real problem that goes unmentioned is the money that goes to , in the form of research grants .
Biederman may have pocketed $ 1 M , but I 'm sure he was awarded much , much more for clinical trials -- money which he did n't get any of , which went to Harvard .
We are n't overmedicating kids because Biederman told us to ; we 're doing it because Harvard told us to .
And Harvard told us to because that is what they are getting money to study .
Biederman is just the nanobot that does it .
If Biederman never existed , nothing would be different .
You read his resume , you think , wow , he 's a big player .
You do n't realize that if he did n't exist there would be some other person in his exact position , who would also have become a Distinguished Professor , won awards , written 450 publications , etc .
The machine was already in place , his slot was going to get filled ; his mind did n't discover anything , those results were coming no matter what , those publications were already going to be written .
The money is n't corrupting him into thinking childhood bipolar is underdiagnosed -- he truly believes it .
The reason he believes it is his entire professional existence -- his whole identity -- is predicated on believing it .
He 's not a scientist , he 's a priest .
He starts out as a young academic .
He lands a spot in a research group that studies X , so he studies X , later he branches out into X+Y , or goes to Z , etc , eventually he finds himself a niche .
And he believes in that niche , he believes in his data , no matter what it says .
You can't convince him he 's wrong because it is n't science and it is n't even a bias -- it 's identity .
That 's how an entire nation of psychiatrists could have been deluded into prescribing Depakote for maintenance when
It 's belief , not money , " we believe bipolar is a kindled disorder ... "
Hell , if Harvardit , what chance do the rest of us have ?
What he does n't see because he is too small to see it is that that niche exists only because there is grant money for it .
That 's the real bias .
He internalizes an artificial system because it gives him identity and identity is more important than money .
It 's not just Pharma -- NIH is worse .
If NIMH wants to study the biological causes for childhood bipolar , then we will all agree that these causes exist " we just have n't found them yet . "
But if NIMH decides to study the social causes of childhood bipolar , then those causes exist , and the biological ones
The question is how does NIMH decide what to study ?
Culture .
When a culture decides to study something , the results do n't matter -- the decision to study it affirms it a priori .
Do you think that all those psychoanalysts from 1899 - 1974 were all retarded ?
No understanding of biology , a bunch of clowns , morons ?
They were brilliant , but that was the time , that was the culture , no matter what data you had to the contrary you were still going to be wrong and they right .
Get it ?
People blame psychoanalysis , but the specific problem is paradigms , which are agreed upon because they have serve some -- not science , not truth -- and change only when that other purpose disappears , or the paradigm fails it .
If we just want to punish a few high ranking psychiatrists -- and for what ?
hiding money from Harvard so it does n't take a 20 % cut ?-- it will do nothing to stop the anti-humanism zamboni that 's trying to smooth out all the kinks in society .
Data are irrelevant , here 's the paradigm : child bipolar is underdiagnosed because society needs it to be .
There is still massive wealth inequality , racism , resentment , unrealistic expectations of life and a gross sense of entitlement -- in short , narcisissm -- that we have no solutions for except to hastily pathologize it all and hand it to the psychiatrists .
They can keep us all confused for a decade or two until we have another world war , discover cold fusion , or the aliens come .
The problem is n't that money influenced Biederman ; the problem is that even money wo n't be able to influence him .
Do you know why Biederman hid the money from Harvard ?
Because he can't believe he 's being paid so much money for something he would have done .
Until you change that groupthink , that blind faith , nothing else will change .
1 Sperm-powered Nanobots
The next wave in health care may include a brigade of medical nanobots , devices tiny enough to ride the flow of blood through the body 's arteries to a problem area .
The bots might arrive at a clot , for example , and then using an internal power system , obliterate the clot with a precisely targeted drug or therapy .
Designing a power source to accomplish such a task has been a challenge , but from the College of Veterinary Medicine at Cornell University comes a possible answer .
The same molecular power packs that fuel sperm in their journey through the uterus and to a fallopian tube might be copied and used to keep the nanomachines running once they reach their targets .
Led by reproductive biologist Alex Travis , the engineering effort focuses on a chain of enzymes that metabolize glucose molecules into the biological fuel ATP ( a process known as glycolysis ) , which enables sperm locomotion .
Ordinarily the ATP provides sperm with enough energy to bend and flex their tails as they swim to the unfertilized egg .
Travis ’s plan is to copy the design of the sperm ’s engine by slightly modifying a 10 - enzyme glycolysis chain embedded in the sperm ’s tail , and then to install it in nanobots .
Using mouse sperm , Travis has thus far modified the first two enzymes on the chain so that they bind to nickel ions attached to the surface of a tiny gold chip , which serves as a stand - in for a future nanobot .
Now he needs to tweak the remaining enzymes so they can be attached too .
If the spermlike motor works , it could someday use the body ’s own energy source — glucose — to do such things as run super - tiny medical devices designed to release anticancer drugs or trigger the breakup of potentially deadly clots .
2 Fusion On Tap Plasma physicist Eric Lerner has a dream : a form of nuclear energy so clean it generates no radioactive waste , so safe it can be located in the heart of a city , and so inexpensive it provides virtually unlimited power for the dirt - cheap price of $ 60 per kilowatt — far below the $ 1,000 - per - kilowatt cost of electricity from natural gas .
It may sound too good to be true , but the technology , called focus fusion , is based on real physics experiments .
Focus fusion is initiated when a pulse of electricity is discharged through a hydrogen - boron gas across two nesting cylindrical electrodes , transforming the gas into a thin sheath of hot , electrically conducting plasma .
This sheath travels to the end of the inner electrode , where the magnetic fields produced by the currents pinch and twist the plasma into a tiny , dense ball .
As the magnetic fields start to decay , they cause a beam of electrons to flow in one direction and a beam of positive ions ( atoms that have lost electrons ) to flow in the opposite direction .
The electron beam heats the plasma ball , igniting fusion reactions between the hydrogen and boron ; these reactions pump more heat and charged particles into the plasma .
The energy in the ion beam can be directly converted to electricity — no need for conventional turbines and generators .
Part of this electricity powers the next pulse , and the rest is net output .
A focus fusion reactor could be built for just $ 300,000 , says Lerner , president of Lawrenceville Plasma Physics in New Jersey .
But huge technical hurdles remain .
These include increasing the density of the plasma so the fusion reaction will be more intense .
( Conventional fusion experiments do not come close to the temperatures and densities needed for efficient hydrogen - boron fusion . )
Still , the payoff could be huge :
While mainstream fusion research programs are still decades from fruition , Lerner claims he requires just $ 750,000 in funding and two years of work to prove his process generates more energy than it consumes .
“ The next experiment is aimed at achieving higher density , higher magnetic field , and higher efficiency , ” he says .
“ We believe it will succeed . ”
3 A Two - Timing Universe
For nearly a century , physicists have tried to reconcile Einstein ’s vision of the universe ( including three dimensions of space and one of time ) with the bizarre realm of quantum physics , rife with such oddities as instant communication at a distance and being in two places at once .
The effort to unify the views has resulted in a stream of elaborate hypotheses positing worlds with multiple dimensions of space , most notably string theory and its successor , M - theory .
Itzhak Bars , a theoretical physicist at the University of Southern California , thinks these hypotheses are missing a crucial ingredient : an extra dimension of time .
By adding a second dimension of time and a fourth dimension of space to Einstein ’s standard space - time , Bars has come up with a new model providing “ additional information that remained hidden in previous formulations ” of physics , including current versions of M - theory .
Such a model could better explain “ how nature works , ” he says .
Physicists had never added a second dimension of time to their models because it opens the possibility of traveling back in time and introduces negative probabilities and other scenarios that seem nonsensical .
In his equations Bars has solved these problems with a new symmetry that treats an object ’s position and its momentum as interchangeable at any given instant .
Does this mean we could actually experience a second dimension of time ?
“ Yes , ” Bars says , “ but only indirectly , ” by thinking of the world around us as many shadows that look different depending on the perspective of the light source .
“ The predicted relations among the different shadows contain most of the information about the extra dimensions , ” he explains .
Next , Bars and his team are developing tests for two - time physics and investigating how to apply the theory to all the natural forces , including gravity .
Adding two - time physics to M - theory , he says , should help us close in on “ the fundamental theory that so far has eluded all of us . ”
Welcome to BvS , the best
totally free , play - anywhere
Anime game !
Start playing right now !
Go to the new domain to log in !
AnimeCubedGaming.com
Make a Character >
How To Play
Why Play BvS ?
Screenshots
Fanart
Lost Password / Ca n't Log In ?
5 Players Online
-- Recent Notes from 11DBHK ( BvS Creator ) --
Wednesday 9/9 ( 9:20 ) :
Still working on behind - the - scenes stuffs - getting BvS to work with the new hosting had some unexpected hiccups - clearing out those bugs as fast as I can .
Thank you so much for your reports !
- 11
BvS News
Tuesday 9/22 ( 14:06 ) :
Festival Results are in !
Thanks , everyone , for your support !
3 +5 Mahjong Games Boosters : Beggar Hammergirl Card Games Starter Pack : Dark Rider Six Months of Billy Club : Donnie 3 +5 Poker Games Boosters : kitsune13 3 +10 Flow Boosters : Catprog 3 Mission Lady Day Boosters : Crisis $ 25 in weird snacks from Hammergirl : Gwen Full Spiral Energy Booster : Catprog Sketch of a BvS Character : MidniteKoi 3 +1000 Stamina Boosters : Sujamma 3 +1500 Stamina Boosters : Beggar 3 +100 % AP / JXP / Rep Boosters : oAdagium 3 +10 SUPERFAIL
Games Boosters : Crisis 3 BillyCon Entry Boosters : Ephemeral Awesome Restat Booster : MidniteKoi 3 +300 Electrum Pachinko Balls : kitsune13 3 +50 Pet Point Boosters : Nether Your Pet as an 11Cat : Makyu Wednesday 9/9 ( 9:21 ) :
The September Festival is Coming !
Celebrate the 11th with BvS' Monthly Billyfest Festival !
- Tons of fun in - game events and prizes !
- For BillyClub members , The Monthly Real Prize Giveaway !
Yes , each BillyClub member will be given eleven tickets to put into raffles for the prize or prizes of their choice .
At the end of the festival , one ticket will be drawn for each prize , and that BC member gets it !
Also , since this is me giving the prizes away from my own Portable - Games - and - Hamburgers fund , it is open to EVERYONE in BillyClub !
If you were thinking about joining before , now 's your best chance !
- Also for BC Members , the Bargletron gives +300 Stamina !
- Also Also for BC Members , it counts as a Mission Lady Day !
Prize List :
- Your Pet as an 11Cat
- Sketch drawn by 11 of a BvS character
- $ 25 in weird snacks from Hammergirl
- Six Months of Billy Club
- Hammergirl Card Game Starter Pack for WeiB Schwarz and Luck & Logic
( 2 decks , translations , and fun promo stuffs )
- 3 Mission Lady Day Boosters
- 3 +1500 Stamina Boosters
- 3 +1000 Stamina Boosters
- 3 +100 % AP / JXP / Rep Boosters
- 3 +5 Deliveries Boosters
- 3 +5 Mahjong Games Boosters
- 3 +5 Glowslinging Duels Boosters
- 3 +10 SUPERFAIL Games Boosters
- 3 +5 Flower Wars Games Boosters
- 3 +10 BillyCon Flow Boosters
- 3 BillyCon Entry Boosters
- 3 +300 Electrum Pachinko Balls Boosters
- 3 +50 Pet Level / Get a Pet Boosters
- Free Awesome Restat Booster
Thank you all so much for playing , and for those of you that help keep the game running , I salute you - and shower you with presents !
See you on the 11th !
- 11DBHK
Congrats to Ninjas looping to a new Season today !
Season 7 : Trampo , Cobalt
Season 6 : BestKrixi
Season 3 : Valette
Server 2
Top Daily Players Season 2 +
JayZJay
The Island
Village
Level 225
Protagonist
Gen : 75
Nin : 75
Tai : 75
Season 1
Doyvar
Hakurei
Village
Level 47
Jonin
Gen : 16
Nin : 15
Tai : 16
Game down or not working ?
Ca n't get to the Bug Reporter ?
Updates :
Festival Concert
Target Villages
PetVentures Beta
Note Petitions
PetVentures Alpha
Mini-Coliseum Part 4
Mini-Coliseum Parts 2 and 3
Twelve Days of Ninja - Mas II
Gothjon Customkai
Mini-Coliseum
Guaranteed Snow Days
Plowtron
Reaper 's Game Day Two
BC : Waxing
Storehouse Announcements
Marketplace Price History
New Chat System
HTTPS Login
Tons more BC Missions
Anon BC
Trapper 's Tattoo Parlor
New Server !
bjorntfh CustomKai
Village Activity Check
Ginyu Camera
Recent UI / Balance tweaks :
- ML maxed item upgrades marked for ease of leveling
- Waxing win condition priorities moved around
- Flipper Autograph Does n't lower AP Bonus
- Team Change counts reworked
- BTV Tier system for Items / Trophies
Top Player Council Projects :
- ( UI ) Visual indication of leaving customers in Retail
- ( UI ) Rides warning when you use you last card you have ( had ) equiped .
- From Suggestion ID 2102 : Cosplay piece / complete counter on packing page This Hour 's Top Item Count :
Boring Bulb 1 . Red Dragon 23627 2 . JayZJay 18394 3 . Sharterra 16845 4 . Narutokun2 14744 5 . Mosura 13183 6 . Azrael 11937 7 . Channel28 11471 8 . Risei 11419 9 . KaijuGamer 10868 10 . Gojira 10259 11 . Tenran 10176
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama 's gain in support among registered voters from Monday to Wednesday of this week was in part the result of gains among conservative Democrats -- the group among whom the Democratic nominee had lost ground last week as he slipped to an overall tie with John McCain .
Obama and McCain were tied 45 % to 45 % among voters in interviewing conducted last week ( Aug. 18 - 24 ) .
This represented a small decline for Obama , and analysis of the trend line of support for the two candidates among subgroups showed that it was due to a slippage among the relatively small group of Democrats with a conservative ideology .
Now , with Obama holding a 6 - point lead over McCain Monday through Wednesday of this week ( Aug. 25 - 27 ) , Obama has gained back that support and then some , moving from a 63 % to a 77 % level of support among conservative Democrats .
Obama has the support of 92 % of liberal Democrats and 79 % of moderate Democrats , basically unchanged from last week 's percentages .
It is likely that conservative Democrats consist disproportionately of Hillary Clinton supporters , although this cannot be documented from the tracking data because no question about prior support of candidates is included .
Analysis of Gallup Poll Daily tracking data from May , however , shows that conservative Democrats disproportionately supported Clinton over Obama for the Democratic nomination by a 48 % to 43 % margin -- more than her support from either moderate or , in particular , liberal Democrats .
( Overall , Democrats in May tilted toward Obama by a 49 % to 43 % margin . )
This suggests that last week 's drop in support for Obama may have resulted from defections by conservative Democrats whose loyalty to Hillary Clinton was brought to the forefront as the Democratic Convention approached , but whose angst Clinton assuaged with her strong support for Obama as the convention has unfolded .
At the same time , despite this hypothesis about the movement of Clinton supporters , and despite the high - profile campaign speeches women -- including Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton -- gave on Monday and Tuesday nights , Obama 's gains in the early days of this week did not come disproportionately among women .
He gained 3 points among women , and 3 points among men .
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup interviews no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day , generally including approximately 880 registered voters .
The results reported here are based on telephone interviews with 2,723 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Aug. 25 - 27 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
For results based on the subsample of 1,411 registered Democrats and Democratic leaners , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Results for the week of Aug. 18 - 24 are based on interviews with 6,205 national adults , aged 18 and older .
For results based on this sample , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage point .
For the subsample of 2,076 registered Democrats and Democratic leaners , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
width = ” 300 ″ height = ” 154 ″ align = ” left ” alt= ” ” Congratulations , you folks who ’ve been pushing for impeachment can take a share of credit in bringing about the congressional committee hearings on Bush ’s abuses of powers ( watch the video here ) .
Now , it ’s time to move to full blown impeachment hearings .
Please call John Conyers ( Chair of the Judiciary Committee in the House ) to thank him for holding a preliminary hearing , but insist that now it ’s time to start official impeachment hearings .
When a hearing is held in congress for impeachment , the president cannot claim executive privilege , and will have to testify .
If he fails to , that IN AND OF ITSELF becomes an impeachable offense .
We ’re almost there !
Call Conyers AND your representative :
email : [ email protected ]
Phone : 202-225-3951
Fax : 202-225-0072
Your Rep ( just give switchboard your zip ) :
1-800-828-0498 .
Email / Fax
—
Jodin Morey
Cofounder : Impeach for Peace
Archaeologists have long fixed their sights on the grandeur that was ancient Egypt , the pyramids , temples and tombs .
Few bothered to dig beneath and beyond the monumental stones for glimpses into the living and working spaces of ordinary Egyptians .
That is changing slowly but steadily .
In the last two or three decades , excavations have uncovered urban remains and swept aside the conventional wisdom that the Egypt of the pharaohs , in contrast to Mesopotamia , was somehow a civilization without cities .
“ We can now confirm that this was not the case , ” said Nadine Moeller , an Egyptologist at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago .
Dr. Moeller was speaking of her own recent findings , as well as those of other excavators who practice what is known as settlement archaeology .
She described the discovery of a large administration building and seven grain silos buried at the site of an ancient provincial capital on the Upper Nile .
The partly preserved round silos , more than 3,500 years old , appear to be the largest storage bins known from early Egypt .
Seal impressions and other artifacts associated with commodities put a somewhat older date for the central building , with at least 16 columns .
A new multi-million government PR campaign claims Canada is a “ clean energy superpower “ .
Meanwhile oil production from Canada ’s oil sands — the world ’s dirtiest oil — is ramping up from 1.2 million barrels a day to 3.5 million .
Sadly yet another example of a government resorting to the “ big lie ” .
By the way virtually all of this oil goes to the US market .
I wrote a series of investigative articles for IPS on the enormous environmental impacts of Canada ’s oil sands in 2006 .
That series has been updated and collected into an e-Book format ( download for free ) .
Here ’s an excerpt from Oil Stains in the Boreal Forest : The Environmental Cost of Canada ’s Oil Sands
THE ‘RECIPE ’ TO MAKE A TANK ( 75 litres / 20 gallons ) OF OIL SANDS GASOLINE : * Dig up two tonnes of earth and rock
* Burn up to 1500 cubic feet of natural gas to boil approx 700 litres of fresh water to process the dirt
* Throw away 950 litres of toxic mine tailings and emit 480 kilograms of CO2 , the main greenhouse gas causing global warming REPEAT 1.2 million times a day ( one barrel of oil makes about 75 litres of gasoline )
Note : this analysis does not include local air pollution , impacts on wildlife and local people from oil sands operations and pipelines .
FREE eBook !!
Reveals environmental impacts of Canada ’s oil sands industry – the world ’s largest industrial project .
ROME ( Reuters ) - “ Christianophobia ” is a growing problem around the world and it must be fought with the same determination as anti-Semitism or Islamophobia , the Vatican said on Friday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Archbishop Dominique Mamberti , the Vatican ’s foreign minister , spoke in the wake of attacks against Christians in India that have left at least 13 people dead this week .
Mamberti , addressing a conference in northern Italy , said religious freedom was a vital part of international relations and human dignity .
“ In order to promote this dignity in an integral way , so - called ‘ Christianophobia ’ should be combated as decisively as ‘ Islamophobia ’ and anti-Semitism , ” he said .
This week in eastern India , thousands of people , most of them Christians , have sought shelter in makeshift government camps , driven from their homes by religious violence .
Hindu mobs burnt more than a dozen churches and attacked Christians after a Hindu leader was killed .
Mamberti said the events in India made the issue of religious liberty today all the more pressing .
While Hindu groups accuse Christian priests of bribing poor tribes and low - caste Hindus to change their faith , the Christians say lower - caste Hindus convert willingly to escape a complex caste system .
Pope Benedict has condemned the violence against Christians in Orissa but also deplored the killing of the Hindu leader .
Italy ’s foreign ministry said it would summon India ’s ambassador to demand “ incisive action ” to prevent further attacks against Christians .
Mamberti said 21 Catholic missionaries were killed in the world in 2007 and lamented that the Christian population of Iraq was now down to about 500,000 from about one million before the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 .
Last month , Pope Benedict told Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki that minority Christians in Iraq needed more protection .
The Archbishop of Mosul of Iraq ’s largest Christian denomination , the Chaldean Catholics , was kidnapped in February and found dead two weeks later .
The Vatican has often expressed concern that conflicts in the Middle East are greatly diminishing the Christian population in the areas of the religion ’s birth .
A federal judge in Florida has made short work of a 30 - page motion by the RIAA to dismiss a P2P defendant 's counterclaims .
The action comes in Atlantic v. Boyer , a Florida woman accused of copyright infringement by the RIAA earlier this year .
As has become typical in contested file - sharing cases , Eva Boyer has submitted a list of counterclaims along with her answer to the copyright infringement charges .
Boyer accuses the RIAA of computer fraud and abuse , abuse of process , deceptive and unfair trade practices , and civil conspiracy — in short , claims similar to those made by Tanya Andersen , who is now pursuing a malicious prosecution lawsuit against the record labels .
The RIAA customarily moves to dismiss the counterclaims , with mixed results .
In Atlantic v. Boyer , the judge 's rejection of the RIAA 's motion came stunningly fast .
It was filed on May 5 , and Judge Richard A. Lazzara dismissed it in a brief , two - page order .
Judge Lazzara notes that Boyer 's counterclaims were nearly identical to those in another Florida case involving the same two sets of attorneys , UMG v. Del Cid , and that the court allowed the counterclaims to stand .
In its motion to dismiss the Boyer 's counterclaims , the RIAA argued that they were " heavy on hyperbole " and that the judge 's decision in UMG v. Del Cid was incorrect .
The labels also said that her computer fraud and abuse claim was improperly filed .
With the counterclaims upheld , the RIAA appears to be in for a bit of a tussle in this case .
It 's impossible to predict whether this case will head to trial , if Boyer will settle , or if the RIAA will ultimately drop the case .
One thing is certain : Judge Lazzara seems disinclined to green light the RIAA 's customary legal maneuvers , making the group 's customary steamrolling of the legal process a bit more difficult .
Wherever the case ends up , it wo n't be handled by the same man who argued the RIAA 's case in the Jammie Thomas trial .
The record industry 's lead counsel , Richard Gabriel , will be leaving private practice for an appointment to the Colorado Court of Appeals .
Further reading
A big tip of the hat to aspiring VP ( and real estate expert ) Mitt Romney for pitching in yesterday to help prolong the national discussion about John McCain 's four seven eight ten superabundance of homes .
Showing the kind of political acumen that made him stand out on the campaign trail this year , Mittens brought his insight about the houses flap straight to reporters .
Speaking to reporters at a lunch sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor , Romney said that while McCain deserved his houses because of the " hard work " of himself and his family , " Barack Obama got a special deal from a convicted felon . "
Nearly all the dozen or so homes were bought by Cindy McCain , who inherited her fortune .
Obama by contrast bought his one house from what he earned from the books he wrote ; he got a " special deal " on his house from nobody , felon or otherwise .
" I think it was a strange thing for Barack Obama to seize upon , " Romney said .
" If homes is going to be the topic of discussion that Barack Obama is going to end up on the short end of that one . "
It 's been working out so poorly for Obama that McCain went on Leno the previous day to explain why he can't remember how many homes he owns ( hint : it involves the fact he was once a POW ) .
" The truth is the first casualty of the new politics practiced by the Obama campaign , " Romney added .
No , Mitt , your vice presidential hopes are .
Sastre was relaxed on the final stage from Etamps to Champs - Elysees Carlos Sastre sealed his first Tour de France crown and became the third Spaniard in three years to win .
The CSC rider , 33 , retained the lead he carried over from Saturday 's decisive time trial and cantered to the finish among the peloton to win by 58 seconds .
Australia 's Cadel Evans , runner - up in 2007 , took second place again while Austria 's Bernhard Kohl was third .
Belgium 's Gert Steegmans won the final 143 km stage from Etampes to Paris , which finished in the Champs ' Elysees .
The green jersey - awarded to the best sprinter overall - went to Rabobank 's Spanish rider Oscar Freire , who finished in the top 10 of eight stages .
It 's very moving .
I 've dreamt of this since I was a child
Carlos Sastre Gerolsteiner rider Kohl added the polka dot jersey - which signifies his status as the King of the Mountains for the 2008 Tour - to his third - place finish overall , while Sastre 's team - mate Andy Schleck took the white jersey for the best young rider ( under the age of 25 ) title .
But the day belonged to the unassuming Sastre who enjoyed the traditional relaxed final - day procession into Paris .
Though there is no official ruling , Tour de France tradition dictates that attacks from other riders which would threaten the leaders position are not made on the final stage ( unless the time margin separating him is negligible ) .
606 : DEBATE
Hats off first of all to the organisers , for providing us with a course which kept things in suspense
Peter S - BBC Sport
The 33 - year - old took possession of the yellow jersey when he launched a daring solo attack at the foot of the race 's final mountain climb , coming over the Alpe d'Huez finish line two minutes and 15 seconds ahead of Evans .
His subsequent overall lead of 94 seconds proved decisive in Saturday 's time trial as Evans - widely considered the better time - triallist and tipped to post a much quicker time than Sastre - failed to produce what was required , gaining only 29 seconds .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I 'm beyond words , to be here with my family is really special . "
Sastre follows Oscar Pereiro in 2006 and Alberto Contador in 2007 as Tour de France winners .
Stage 21 results , Etampes to Paris ( 143 km ) : 1 . Gert Steegmans ( Belgium / Quick - Step ) 3hr 51 min 38secs
2. Gerald Ciolek ( Germany / Columbia ) same time
3. Oscar Freire ( Spain / Rabobank ) "
4. Robbie McEwen ( Australia / Silence - Lotto ) "
5. Thor Hushovd ( Norway / Credit Agricole ) "
6. Julian Dean ( New Zealand / Garmin - Chipotle ) "
7. Stefan Schumacher ( Germany / Gerolsteiner ) "
8. Robert Forster ( Germany / Gerolsteiner ) "
9. Leonardo Duque ( Colombia / Cofidis ) "
10 . Robert Hunter ( South Africa / Barloworld ) " Selected other : 134 .
David Millar ( Britain / Garmin - Chipotle ) +34secs Final standings : 1 . Carlos Sastre ( Spain / Team CSC ) 87hr 52 min 52secs
2. Cadel Evans ( Australia / Silence - Lotto ) +58secs
3. Bernhard Kohl ( Austria / Gerolsteiner ) +1min 13secs
4. Denis Menchov ( Russia / Rabobank ) +2min 10secs
5. Christian Vande Velde ( USA / Garmin - Chipotle ) +3 min 05secs
6. Frank Schleck ( Luxembourg / Team CSC ) +4min 28secs
7. Samuel Sanchez ( Spain / Euskaltel ) +6 min 25secs
8. Kim Kirchen ( Luxembourg / Columbia ) +6 min 55secs
9. Alejandro Valverde ( Spain / Caisse d'Epargne ) +7 min 12secs
10 . Tadej Valjavec ( Slovenia / AG2R ) +9 mins 5secs Selected other : 68 . David Millar ( Britain / Garmin - Chipotle ) +1hr 59 mins 39secs Polka dot jersey ( King of the Mountains ) standings
1. Bernhard Kohl ( Austria / Gerolsteiner ) 128 points
2. Carlos Sastre ( Spain / Team CSC Saxo Bank ) 80 points
3. Frank Schleck ( Luxembourg / Team CSC Saxo Bank ) 80 points
White jersey ( Best youth ) standings
1. Andy Schleck ( Luxembourg / CSC Saxo Bank ) 88 hr 4min 24secs
2. Roman Kreuziger ( Czech Republic / Liquigas ) +1min 27secs
3. Vincenzo Nibali , ( Italy / Liquigas ) +17 min 1secs Green jersey ( Best sprinter ) standings
1. Oscar Freire ( Spain / Rabobank ) 270 points
2. Thor Hushovd ( Norway / Credit Agricole ) 220 points
3. Erik Zabel ( Germany / Milram ) 217 points
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The first comprehensive report on kids ' meals at popular fast - food and chain restaurants finds the servings are far too high in calories for a single meal .
In fact , some of the meals contain more 1,000 calories , which is almost as many calories as some elementary - school children need for the entire day , according to the analysis from Center for Science in the Public Interest , a consumer group .
The report shows , for instance , that :
• Chili's country - fried chicken crispers , cinnamon apples and chocolate milk has 1,020 calories .
• KFC's popcorn chicken , baked beans , biscuit , Teddy Grahams and fruit punch , has 940 calories .
• Sonic 's Wacky
Pack with grilled cheese , fries and a slushie , has 830 calories .
Overall , the findings reveal that 93 % of the kids ' meals at McDonald 's and Wendy 's contain more than 430 calories , the average number of calories that children ages 4 to 8 should get at a single meal .
The comparable numbers are 92 % at Burger King ; 89 % at Dairy Queen ; 69 % at Arby 's ; 60 % at Denny's .
The latter 's kids ' meals do n't include drinks .
On the healthful side , about 67 % of the kids ' meals at Subway have fewer than 430 calories .
" When you go to most chain restaurants , ordering off the kids ' menu is a nightmare , " says Margo Wootan , nutrition policy director for the Center for Science in the Public Interest ( CSPI ) and the mother of a 10 - year - old daughter .
" Right now kids ' meals are almost all unhealthy meals when they should be almost all healthy meals , " she says " At the very least , restaurants should list calories on the menu so that parents can navigate through this minefield of calories and fat to find the healthy options . "
Sheila Weiss , director of nutrition policy for the National Restaurant Association , says over the last few years , " there have been a lot of changes to our restaurant menus , especially children 's meals .
More and more options are available .
Restaurants are offering low - fat milk , yogurt , apples and vegetables as part of the children 's menu .
They are helping parents help their children make wise choices when they dine out . "
Elizabeth Ward , a registered dietitian in Boston with three children and author of The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Feeding Your Baby and Toddler , says " kids ' meals can be outrageously high in calories , fat , and sodium , but it 's possible to go into just about any restaurant and cobble together a healthy meal for a child .
If the children 's menu does n't look healthy , you have to look elsewhere . "
The average child , under 18 , eats 167 restaurant meals in a year , according to the NPD Group , a market research firm .
" Eating out is no longer a special occasion , it 's a lifestyle now , so we have to be more selective about what we eat , " says Keith Ayoob , who works with overweight kids at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York .
" This is a wakeup call that parents need to take advantage of restaurants ' healthier options , especially if kids are going to be eating out three or more times a week .
" Most kids do n't clean their plates so they are probably not eating all these calories , " he says .
For the latest study , nutritionists with CSPI analyzed the calories in 1,474 different meal combinations at 13 chain restaurants .
The nutrition information was gathered from the chains ' websites and corporate offices .
Many of the restaurants offer numerous kids ' meal combinations and each meal was considered separately .
CSPI used national nutrition standard recommendations from different groups to determine nutrient needs for children .
The Institute of Medicine guidelines recommend that moderately active children , ages 4 to 8 , consume about 1,300 calories a day .
Therefore , the consumer group calculated that a single meal should not contain more than 430 calories .
The findings showed that overall 45 % of the meals are too high in saturated ( animal ) and trans fat and 86 % were too high in sodium .
Not surprisingly , kids ' menus include mostly foods such as burgers , chicken nuggets , macaroni and cheese , french fries and soft drinks .
Sodas are the most popular beverage offered to children .
Subway is the only chain that does not offer soda as an option on kids ' meals .
Some healthier alternatives are available including grilled chicken , seafood , whole - grain wild rice , yogurt and fruit .
Among the kids ' meals that have fewer than 430 calories and were n't too high in saturated and trans fats :
• Subway's ham mini-sub , 1 % milk box and apple slices , 405 calories .
• Subway 's roast beef ( or turkey ) sub with juice box and yogurt , 400 calories .
• Chili's grilled chicken sandwich , apple juice and mandarin oranges , 338 calories
• Denny 's pancakes without meat with maple syrup , 373 calories ; or macaroni and cheese with grapes , 413 calories .
( The meals do not include beverages . )
• Arby 's popcorn chicken or junior roast beef sandwich , fruit cup and fruit juice , 422 calories .
Some major chain restaurants were not included in the study because they did not provide enough nutrition information to evaluate calories .
Those chains included Applebee's , TGIFriday's , Outback Steakhouse , Olive Garden , Red Lobster and IHOP .
Some places , such as Pizza Hut and Dunkin ' Donuts , do n't have kids ' menus and were n't included in the report .
READERS :
What do you buy your kids when you eat at fast - food or chain restaurants ?
In 1957 he had engineered the passage of a civil rights bill .
The mere fact of its passage in the face of Southern senatorial power  it was the first civil rights bill to be enacted in 87 years  made it a significant benchmark in the history of American government , and the guile and determination with which Johnson drove it to passage made it a landmark of legislative mastery as well .
But he was forced to weaken it to get it through , and liberals , not understanding the obstacles he had surmounted , blamed him for not making it stronger .
Some civil rights leaders who had been talking to Lyndon Johnson since he became president were now , by the spring of 1965 , convinced of his good faith , but most were not , and the mass of the movement , symbolized by those protesters outside the White House gates , still distrusted him .

Men and women who knew Lyndon Johnson , however , felt there was another element to the story .
They included the Mexican - American children of impoverished migrant workers he had taught as a 21 - year - old schoolteacher in the little town of Cotulla , Tex. ; to the ends of their lives they would talk about how hard he had worked to teach and inspire them .
“ He used to tell us this country was so free that anyone could become president who was willing to work hard enough , ” one student said .
Others remember what one calls the story about the “ little baby in the cradle . ”
As one student recalled , “ He would tell us that one day we might say the baby would be a teacher .
Maybe the next day we ’d say the baby would be a doctor .
And one day we might say the baby  any baby  might grow up to be president of the United States . ”
His former students were n’t alone .
Men and women at Georgetown dinner tables were also convinced of the sincerity of Johnson ’s intentions .
“ I remember at this dinner party , Johnson talking about teaching the Mexican - American kids in Cotulla , and his frustration that they had no books , ” recalls Bethine Church , the wife of Senator Frank Church of Idaho .
“ I remember it as one of the most passionate evenings I ’ve ever spent . ”
Image Credit ... Ronald J. Cala II
These men and women felt Johnson truly wanted to help poor people and particularly people of color , and that he was held back only by his ambition : his desire to be president , and because he was a senator from a Southern state .
But when , in 1957 , ambition and compassion were finally pointing in the same direction  when he realized that he would never become president unless he removed the “ magnolia scent ” of the South  he set out to pass a civil rights bill , he did it with a passion that showed how deeply he believed in what he was doing .
Gallery : 10 Things You Should Have Bought at Comic - Con
Here 's how our good friends , the Japanese , manage to stay fit and trim so that they can continue to hand our Cheetos - enhanced behinds to us in the cuteness department :
Food so adorable you do n't want to eat it .
Go ahead -- you order a plate of this stuff and see if you are n't still staring at it three hours later .
Bon appétit , Paulina J .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
NOTE : Sorry .
No ST : TNG reference for comic # 47 .
Time to revoke my Trekkie license .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Senate on Saturday overwhelmingly passed a landmark housing bill that will offer up to $ 300 billion in loans for troubled homeowners and establish a government rescue plan for mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The House passed the bill on Wednesday just hours after President Bush reversed his long - standing vow to veto the bill .
Bush is expected to sign it soon .
The legislation , one of the most far - reaching on housing in decades , marks the centerpiece of Washington 's efforts to address the nation 's housing meltdown .
" This legislation wo n't perform miracles .
But as others have said , it 's a step - and I hope an important step - to putting our nation on the road to economic recovery , " said Sen. Christopher Dodd , D - Conn. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and a principal author of the bill .
Following the vote , Dodd said he will meet on Tuesday with representatives from the Treasury , the Federal Reserve , the FDIC and the Department of Housing and Urban Development to discuss how the legislation can be implemented as quickly as possible .
" I 'm not going to tolerate a slow walk , " he said .
Though the Senate vote was 72 to 13 , the bill was not without its staunch opponents .
Sen . Charles Grassley , R - Iowa , the leading Republican taxwriter , had supported earlier versions of the legislation but objected to the rescue plan for Fannie and Freddie .
" This bill has fallen prey to the special interests on Wall Street and K Street at an unjustifiable expense to taxpayers and homeowners on Main Street , " Grassley said .
The White House also objected to parts of the bill , including aid to states to buy foreclosed properties .
But White House Press Secretary Tony Fratto said the measures concerning Fannie and Freddie are " urgently needed now ...
President Bush will sign this bill when he receives it , despite our concerns with some provisions . "
The bill has two principal objectives : to offer affordable government - backed mortgages to homeowners at risk of foreclosure , and to bolster Fannie and Freddie with a temporary rescue plan and a new , more stringent regulator .
Helping at - risk borrowers
Provisions in the 700 - page bill that would most directly affect consumers and communities include :
Increase the Federal Housing Administration 's role .
The FHA will be allowed to insure up to $ 300 billion in new 30 - year fixed - rate mortgages for at - risk borrowers in owner - occupied homes if their lenders agree to write down loan balances to 90 % of the homes ' current appraised value .
The cost of the new FHA program - which would begin on Oct. 1 and be in place for just a few years - would be funded by fees from Fannie and Freddie , along with fees paid by both lenders and borrowers .
While the bill authorizes the FHA to insure up to $ 300 billion in loans , the CBO estimates that the agency is only likely to insure up to $ 68 billion and help keep roughly 325,000 people in their homes .
Those estimates were based on the CBO 's assessment of who is likely to qualify under the program and accounts for a certain number likely to default anyway .
( Here are more details on this provision . )
Establish a stronger regulator for the GSEs .
The new regulator will have a greater say over how well funded the two government sponsered enterprises ( GSEs ) are - a major concern in the markets that has sent stocks in both companies plunging .
Permanently increase " conforming loan " limits .
The bill would permanently increase the cap on the size of mortgages guaranteed by Fannie and Freddie to a maximum of $ 625,500 from $ 417,000 .
The FHA maximum loan limits for high - cost areas would also increase to $ 625,500 .
Higher loan limits will make it easier for borrowers to get mortgages , because they 're more likely to be traded if they are considered conforming .
Create home - buyer credit .
The bill includes a tax refund for first - time home buyers worth up to 10 % of a home 's purchase price but no more than $ 7,500 .
The refund , however , serves more as an interest - free loan , since it would have to be paid back over 15 years in equal installments .
Bar down - payment assistance for FHA loans .
The bill eliminates a program that has allowed sellers to provide down payment assistance .
The bill would also increase to 3.5 % from 3 % the down payment requirement for borrowers getting FHA loans .
Create an affordable housing trust fund .
The bill establishes a permanent fund to promote affordable housing .
The fund would be paid for by fees from Fannie and Freddie .
Give grants to states to buy foreclosed properties .
The bill would grant $ 4 billion to states to buy up and rehabilitate foreclosed properties .
The funding had been opposed by the White House , which said it would benefit lenders and not homeowners .
Bolster Fannie and Freddie
Concerns over whether Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) will have enough money to weather future losses in the housing market sent shares plummeting in recent weeks .
Since the beginning of June , Fannie 's stock price has dropped 57 % and Freddie 's plummeted 66 % .
For the past year , they 're both down roughly 85 % as of the end of trade on Friday .
Fannie and Freddie guarantee the purchase and trade of mortgages and own or back $ 5.2 trillion in mortgages .
To help stabilize markets , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson asked Congress to temporarily empower Treasury to offer the companies a backstop if needed .
Consequently the housing bill now includes provisions that let Treasury over the next 18 months offer Fannie and Freddie an unlimited line of credit and the authority to buy stock in the companies .
Both critics and supporters of the Paulson plan have expressed concern that loaning or investing money in the companies could leave taxpayers with a fat bill to pay .
The Congressional Budget Office on Tuesday estimated the potential cost of a rescue could be $ 25 billion .
CBO said there is probably a better than 50 % chance that Treasury would not need to step in .
It also said there is a 5 % chance that Freddie 's and Fannie 's losses could cost the government $ 100 billion .
The Legend of Cliff Young : The 61 Year Old Farmer Who Won the World ’s Toughest Race
The legendary story of Cliff Young is already known to many runners .
If you are n’t familiar with it , you ’re in for a fascinating read .
An Unlikely Competitor
Cliff Young Cliff Young
Every year , Australia hosts 543.7 - mile ( 875 - kilometer ) endurance racing from Sydney to Melbourne .
It is considered among the world ’s most grueling ultra-marathons .
The race takes five days to complete and is normally only attempted by world - class athletes who train specially for the event .
These athletes are typically less than 30 years old and backed by large companies such as Nike .
In 1983 , a man named Cliff Young showed up at the start of this race .
Cliff was 61 years old and wore overalls and work boots .
To everyone ’s shock , Cliff was n’t a spectator .
He picked up his race number and joined the other runners .
The press and other athletes became curious and questioned Cliff .
They told him , “ You ’re crazy , there ’s no way you can finish this race . ”
To which he replied , “ Yes I can .
See , I grew up on a farm where we could n’t afford horses or tractors , and the whole time I was growing up , whenever the storms would roll in , I ’d have to go out and round up the sheep .
We had 2,000 sheep on 2,000 acres .
Sometimes I would have to run those sheep for two or three days .
It took a long time , but I ’d always catch them .
I believe I can run this race . ”
When the race started , the pros quickly left Cliff behind .
The crowds and television audience were entertained because Cliff did n’t even run properly ; he appeared to shuffle .
Many even feared for the old farmer ’s safety .
The Tortoise and the Hare
Cliff Young Cliff Young
All of the professional athletes knew that it took about 5 days to finish the race .
In order to compete , one had to run about 18 hours a day and sleep the remaining 6 hours .
The thing is , Cliff Young did n’t know that !
When the morning of the second day came , everyone was in for another surprise .
Not only was Cliff still in the race , he had continued jogging all night .
Eventually Cliff was asked about his tactics for the rest of the race .
To everyone ’s disbelief , he claimed he would run straight through to the finish without sleeping .
Cliff kept running .
Each night he came a little closer to the leading pack .
By the final night , he had surpassed all of the young , world - class athletes .
He was the first competitor to cross the finish line and he set a new course record .
When Cliff was awarded the winning prize of $ 10,000 , he said he did n’t know there was a prize and insisted that he did not enter for the money .
He ended up giving all of his winnings to several other runners , an act that endeared him to all of Australia .
Continued Inspiration
In the following year , Cliff entered the same race and took 7th place .
Not even a displaced hip during the race stopped him .
Cliff came to prominence again in 1997 , aged 76 , when he attempted to raise money for homeless children by running around Australia ’s border .
He completed 6,520 kilometers of the 16,000 - kilometer run before he had to pull out because his only crew member became ill .
Cliff Young passed away in 2003 at age 81 .
Today , the “ Young - shuffle ” has been adopted by ultra- marathon runners because it is considered more energy - efficient .
At least three champions of the Sydney to Melbourne race have used the shuffle to win the race .
Furthermore , during the Sydney to Melbourne race , modern competitors do not sleep .
Winning the race requires runners to go all night as well as all day , just like Cliff Young .
Image Attribution – Vasilijem113-12 / CC BY - SA ( https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0)
Barrowman :
On a quest to find out about his sexuality Torchwood star John Barrowman has known he was gay since he was nine .
But was he born that way or did his upbringing have something to do with it ?
Here , he explains why he set out to try to solve this mystery , for the BBC One show The Making of Me. I was in the closet for three hours once in 1972 .
It was dark , uncomfortable , and really cramped .
Plus , I was convinced I was n't alone ( a crumpled jacket lurking in the corner looked pretty dangerous ) .
I was five and my brother , Andrew , then 10 , and my sister , Carole , 13 , had shoved me into the coat closet because , well , really for absolutely no good reason .
I mean what baby brother has ever annoyed his siblings to the point of needing to be locked up or tied down ?
This story still gets a laugh from my nieces and nephews .
Depending on who 's doing the telling , Uncle John was either locked up for 30 fleeting minutes or for three long , tortuous , oxygen - starved hours .
As simple as the story is I think it 's an apt metaphor for the way I 've chosen to live my life - openly , honestly , with no regrets .
And , whenever I can , I try to confront the monsters in the dark .
As my favourite Jerry Herman song proclaims : " There 's no return and no deposit .
One life .
So open up your closet . "
FIND OUT MORE ...
John Barrowman : The Making of Me is one BBC One at 2100 BST on 24 July
Or watch it later on the BBC iPlayer My sexuality has never been deliberately hidden .
I'm in a committed relationship with the love of my life , Scott Gill , and he is as much a part of the family as my sister 's husband , Kevin , and my brother 's wife , Dot .
However , just because I 'm comfortable with my sexuality does n't mean that I 'm not curious about it and that 's one of the reasons I agreed to take this journey to discover the making of me .
I remember vividly when I first realised I was gay .
I was nine and a few of my friends were looking at some mild porn in the playground during recess .
While they were ogling the well - endowed female models , I could n't take my eyes off the male members in the shot .
Growing up in the Barrowman household , conversations about sexuality were never taboo .
Over the years , we 've talked about many of the theories that may explain what makes a person gay .
In fact , it 's always been a bit of a joke in our family that my dad was responsible - he frequently dressed me up as a girl .
In fact , he has some cross - dressing in his own past .
He once dressed up as a tarty neighbour , pretended to crash his own party , and proceeded to flirt with the men in the room - all with my mum playing along for the laughs .
Nature or nurture ?
The show actually gave me an opportunity to discover whether or not I had ancestors who were gay because years ago if you were in the closet you were so far in the closet you were in the house next door .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement During the filming of the programme , I not only revisited my childhood , I was also subjected to a battery of psychological and physical tests , everything from comparing my DNA to that of my straight brother , Andrew's , to watching my brain light up like a fireworks display in response to certain erotic stimuli .
I 've always been convinced I was born gay ( and am happy that way ) .
But over the years there are plenty of people who have argued the opposite - and some still do today .
I really wanted to meet people like this , and the film gave me a chance to do so .
In the unresolved argument about whether it is nature of nurture that makes us gay or straight , I was hoping for affirmation that nature decides .
The risk I took in filming was that it would be disproved .
But in the end neither happened as the tests did n't provide that clarity .
I learned that science has yet to find a fool - proof and definitive genetic test for gayness - at least in my case .
Hormonal explanation ?
Yet I did find something unexpected and different .
The latest science is concentrating on a whole new area of potential causality that I had n't thought about at all .
It 's not genes , but it is biological , looking at hormonal effects in the womb .
Attracted to women ?
Barrowman 's Captain Jack character flirts with Billie Piper Other psychological and physical tests told me more about my sexuality .
Like whether I had any latent attraction to women at all .
That one really caught me by surprise - at least for a moment .
And in word association tests , men tend to be more factual and literal .
But women and gay men tend to be much more descriptive and eloquent .
I 'm glad to say that was true for me as well .
Another test involved looking at moving images of different combinations of men and women .
I had to press buttons to signal my reaction while lying in an MRI scanner which also measured my reaction so I could n't lie .
I 'm proud to say that in some of the tests I was totally off the scale .
So participating in this programme was exciting and provocative , but in the end , taking the personal risk to discover what makes me gay was worth it because on a daily basis I get letters from young men and women who are feeling the brunt of our culture 's homophobia .
If exploring this issue can bring comfort to some of these young people then I think the programme will have done a really wonderful thing .
Written by John Barrowman and Carole E Barrowman Below is a selection of your comments .
The only thing I 'd like to discover about John Barrowman is why he talks with an American accent except when he's in Scotland - what is that about ?
Its ridiculous and patronising and I 'd like to know why he does it ?
Lisa G , Falkirk Good for John .
I think it 's high time people accept others for who they are and not who they want them to be .
Jenny , Denver , Colorado Much as I find John Barrowman hugely entertaining and genuinely I do , may I suggest that he is on TV far too much and is running the risk of over exposure .
With regard to being out of the closet - he is now so far out that he must surely find it difficult to even see without the aid of a strong pair of binoculars .
That said - I 'll be there 9 pm , BBC1 .
Tim Holder , London Many congratulations to the BBC for airing this programme , the subject matter of which is smart , dangerous , timely and strongly political .
Would that it were compulsory viewing at the Lambeth conference ...
Kathryn Whitney , Oxford Can we have a John Barrowman amnesty ?
He 's never off the tv and I 'm not sure anyone really cares which side he plays for .
Gary P , West London
I 'm glad there are people like him in the public eye that do n't necessarily conform to stereotypes and help promote understanding and acceptance of people that do n't necessarily fit to what society tells us in normal .
And not just homophobia , there 's other things that need combating and every single person that stands up against an issue close to them also stands up to all the issues !
Angel Cutsforth , Reading , England What an amazing family John Barrowman 's is .
Sadly I do n't think all families are as supportive about their children / brothers , sisters etc. being gay .
I will look forward to watching this programme this evening .
Celia Proud , Oxford Typical gay man , using his sexuality to boost his career .
Lucky for some , my boss is female which means I can't follow suit .
Angel , Coventry , UK I do n't think that gayness has one simple cause .
Rather , like intelligence , it is a subtle interaction of genetic inheritance , neonatal & juvenile development along with environmental factors ( e.g. disease , schooling ) and upbringing .
All of these interplay to make a person more or less likely to be gay in a statistical sense .
Nature , Nurture , Personal Choice : Some people want it to be one or the other or a combination to justify their own circumstances or beliefs .
At the end it is natural : animals show homosexual tendencies .
We should all get used to it .
We have enough evidence that homosexuality has been part of humanity for thousands of years and we are n't going to change any time soon .
Sue , Staines , UK
It 's really refreshing that the BBC is exploring this issue .
So many narrow minded people today just believe blindly that gay is wrong just because that 's what they 've been told by their parents of friends .
Very similar to religion , really - you believe something just because you could n't be bothered to think about it .
Gay people do n't go about beating up straight people , yet straights who do so to gays do n't think they 're doing anything wrong ( yet themselves indulge in back - slapping , hugging and touching during footie matches - go figure ) .
Live and let live .
In this day and age people really need to wake up and stop hating so much before finding out facts .
Bob , Oxford , UK I am interested in why the BBC seems preoccupied with homosexuality or to be more precise its promotion .
Is it because according to Andrew Marr the BBC is disproportionately overrepresented by gays ?
And certainly in positions of influence to promote the gay agenda ?
Dave Stevens , Reading , UK
This sounds like a great project and it is my hope that it will be shown in Canada at some point .
I recently interviewed your Torchwood romantic counterpart ( Gareth David - Lloyd ) and was pleased to note how he did n't over - react to his character 's bisexuality nor did he feel the need to loudly declare his own heterosexuality , as so many other straight actors have .
" The Making of Me " will hopefully put a dent in the homophobia and self - loathing .
Kristine Maitland , Toronto , Canada
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
[ / caption ]
On August 2nd , SpaceX made the surprise announcement that the third flight of the Falcon 1 rocket system would launch at 8 pm ( PST ) that day .
The world rushed to watch the first commercial flight of this impressive private - sector rocket via the web from a live feed on board .
The first launch attempt was aborted due to a minor parameter fluctuation of 1 % out of “ normal ” operating conditions , but the launch crew very quickly re-fuelled and prepared Falcon 1 for a second launch attempt within the hour .
The second launch attempt appeared to be flawless , Merlin 1c engine roaring to life , lifting the rocket into the atmosphere .
All seemed good , SpaceX seemed on track and very confident .
However , minutes into the flight , the live video feed was cut and it was being reported an anomaly had occurred .
It was n’t until later in the week that SpaceX CEO Elon Musk gave details about the “ anomaly . ”
SpaceX recently released video footage of the entire launch , up to the point where the stage separation problem occurred , spinning the ill - fated vehicle out of control …
So what did happen on that frustrating Sunday evening ?
On August 6th , Elon Musk announced the findings of the investigation into the launch anomaly .
According to the launch engineers , the SpaceX Merlin 1c engine in the first stage performed perfectly .
Even after the false - start on the launchpad , the engine was ready to go within the hour .
This fast turnaround from launch abort to re-launch is a huge advantage for the company , a great testament to the flexibility of the technology SpaceX has developed in - house .
The problems started during stage separation at an altitude of 35 km .
The problem arose due to the longer thrust decay transient of our new Merlin 1C regeneratively cooled engine , as compared to the prior flight that used our old Merlin 1A ablatively cooled engine .
Unlike the ablative engine , the regen engine had unburned fuel in the cooling channels and manifold that combined with a small amount of residual oxygen to produce a small thrust that was just enough to overcome the stage separation pusher impulse .
– Elon Musk , Aug. 6th statement .
From this statement and from viewing the video , it would seem that during first stage separation a small amount of fuel left over creating a small thrust just after the stages were forced away from one another ( a.k.a. “ stage separation pusher impulse ” ) .
At separation , it would appear that just as the first stage was beginning to fall away from Falcon 1 , it regained some forward thrust , making it crash into the second stage engine .
This small thrust anomaly prevented the spent first stage from falling clear of the igniting second stage .
This sequence of events is captured in the series of screenshots below :
As the first stage was not clear , the second stage engine fired into the spent first stage .
This would have caused a loss in control in rocket trajectory .
However , the SpaceX editors appear to cut the video from the instant the second stage fires to when the rocket is in full tumble , blacking the frames out in between with the text “ Faring Separation . ”
It ’s not obvious what this means and there is no mention of it in the accompanying text .
Most probably it means the camera was blown away from the rocket after second stage ignition .
See the full Falcon 1 launch »
The anomaly was down to what has been called a “ thrust transient ” and Musk points the blame at the tiny thrust that could n’t be measured on the ground during test firing as the force generated was simply too small to be detected .
However , in the vacuum of zero - gravity space , any thrust , large or small , matters :
The question then is why did n’t we catch this issue ?
Unfortunately , the engine chamber pressure is so low for this transient thrust — only about 10 psi — that it barely registered on our ground test stand in Texas where ambient pressure is 14.5 psi .
However , in vacuum that 10 psi chamber pressure produced enough thrust to cause the first stage to recontact the second stage – Elon Musk , Aug. 6th statement .
Although this event is an obvious set back , and deeply saddening for SpaceX and the owners of the payloads Falcon 1 was supposed to put into orbit , lessons have been learnt and Musk is positive the next launch will be a total success .
After all , no one said rocket science was easy …
Source : SpaceX
Next time you 're gone , your friends may end up replacing you with a robot .
At least , that 's what happened to Steve Ganz .
The Ganzbot may not look like much , but it 's the most expressive block of cardboard you 're likely to ever see , and it can read text from your computer to boot .
Builder Jeremy Gillick and his crew over at The Ganzbot may not look like much , but it 's the most expressive block of cardboard you 're likely to ever see , and it can read text from your computer to boot .
Builder Jeremy Gillick and his crew over at The Mozmonkey Blog created the Ganzbot when friend Ganz left to compete in the PDGA World Championships , and had it read from his Twitter .
The Ganzbot is able to build word tables based on the text it pulls from your PC and reads them back to you — from text documents , social sites such as Twitter , and what have you — and it has a microcontroller that governs its facial expressions .
Its shining blue LED eyes compliment looks that are placid , happy , sad and , when its eyes glow red and its brow furrows , angry .
How did Ganz react to his friends replacing him with a robot ?
Watch below :
Mozmonkey , via MAKE
Return to Transcripts main page
CNN LARRY KING LIVE
Debate Over Existence of UFOs
Aired July 18 , 2008 - 21:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT .
THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED .
LARRY KING , HOST : Tonight , have UFOs shut down our government 's defense systems ?
There is evidence that something caused missiles to malfunction during test launches .
Former Air Force officers tell their incredible story about the film that was confiscated by the CIA and what was on it and why do n't officials want us to see it .
Find out right now on LARRY KING LIVE .
Good evening .
We begin with allegations that UFOs have interfered with missiles at U.S. Air Force bases and aliens are monitoring nuclear warheads and bombs .
Our first guests claim UFOs have activated missile systems at five Air Force Bases in five different states .
They also claim a cover - up , that the United States government is keeping the information secret .
Former Air Force officers and an investigator are here with their stories .
Here in Los Angeles is Robert Hastings .
He 's author of " UFOs and Nukes . "
I have the book right here .
The book is available at ufohastings.com .
He has been investigating sightings at weapon sites for years .
Bob Salas is a former captain U.S. Air Force base -- of the United States Air Force .
He was at Malstrom Air Force Base in 1967 , where there were claims that a UFO caused missiles to malfunction .
He 's co-author of " Faded Giant . "
Bob Jamison is with us , a former U.S. Air Force officer .
He was at Malstrom , as well , in 1967 and he says his superiors told him UFOs caused the malfunctions .
And in Peoria , Illinois is Dr. Bob Jacobs , former lieutenant , U.S. Air Force , former U.S. Air Force photographic instrumentation officer .
A UFO showed up on film that he shot in 1954 at Vandenberg Air Force Base and that was later confiscated by CIA agents .
All of our guests are named Bob , so I 'm going to call them by their last names .
We 'll start with Robert Hastings .
How did you get -- what 's your explanation for UFOs at nuclear weapon sites ?
ROBERT HASTINGS , AUTHOR , " UFOS AND NUKES , " RESEARCHES SIGHTINGS AT NUCLEAR WEAPONS SITES : I can simply say , after 35 years of research , that these incidents have taken place .
There are hundreds of declassified documents which indicate that UFOs have demonstrated a distinct and ongoing interest in our nuclear weapons sites .
I 've also interviewed nearly a hundred gentlemen who were involved in these incidents at various Air Force bases .
This is very widespread .
What you 're seeing here this evening is the tip of the iceberg .
KING : How do they cause a malfunction ?
What do they do to cause something to not work ?
HASTINGS : I think that 's probably still an unknown .
I know that Boeing engineers attempted to duplicate some of the malfunctions .
They did succeed in doing that , but they still can't call -- determine what initially caused them .
Bob Salas can address that .
KING : Bob , what happened at Malstrom in 1967 ?
BOB SALAS , FORMER USAF OFFICER , WORKED AT BASE WHERE MISSILES MALFUNCTIONED :
In 1967 , I was on duty as a missile launch officers .
I got calls from my guards upstairs .
First , I get one call saying that they 're seeing strange lights flying in the sky .
And I did n't pay too much attention to that .
About five minutes later , the main security guard -- the flight security controller calls down and says he 's looking at a glowing red object , very large , hovering over the front gate .
And he wants to know what to do .
I tell him to secure the facility .
We hang up .
I go to tell my commander .
So within seconds of that call , my missiles start shutting down .
I recall losing all 10 of them .
KING : You did n't see the object ?
SALAS : I did n't see the object because I was obliged to stay underground in the capsule .
KING : By shutting down we mean what ?
SALAS : By shutting down what I mean is they were not launchable .
They were in no go condition , disabled .
KING : How long to restart them ?
SALAS : How long to restart ?
Well , I 'm sure it took over a day and maybe ( INAUDIBLE ) .
KING : Now , Bob Jamison you were there too , right ?
BOB JAMISON , FORMER USAF OFFICER , SUPERIORS TOLD HIM UFOS CAUSE MISSILE MALFUNCTIONS :
Yes , sir .
KING : And you were in the Air Force ?
JAMISON : Yes , I was in the Air Force .
I was ...
KING : And where were you when this was happening ?
JAMISON : Yes , I was a tightening -- I was a tightening officer , a missile targeting officer .
I was at home relaxing and I got from job control to come in .
A missile had gone down .
My job as a target officer was to bring them back up .
And so I went in to ...
KING : But you did n't see the incident , you just went to the missile ?
JAMISON : No , I went to the incident .
I went to the site .
KING : Where is Malstrom ?
JAMISON : It 's Great Falls , Montana , just outside of Great Falls , Montana .
KING : What did you make of the story ?
JAMISON : Well , I know that it 's The Skeptic Society .
I went into job control after I got to the hangar .
I was called in .
I went to the hangar .
I went to the job control .
And I noticed they have a map of the whole complex , the green lights where the missiles are good .
But there 's one small area with 10 red lights .
It means those missiles were out .
KING : Is it possible they just malfunctioned ?
JAMISON : That does n't happen .
Very rarely does a missile malfunction .
And I do n't think any -- much more rare would be two at the same time .
But never 10 .
KING : Now , Bob Jacobs , where were you ?
What were you filming and where were you ?
DR . BOB JACOBS , USAF ( RET . ) , FORMER USAF PHOTOGRAPHIC INSTRUMENTATION
OFFICER , FILMED UFOS , FILM LATER CONFISCATED BY TWO CIA AGENTS : I was in charge of optical instrumentation at Vandenberg Air Force Base in from 1963 to ' 66 .
Our job was to photograph ...
KING : That 's California ?
JACOBS : That 's California .
That 's right there on the coast .
And our job was to photograph , with high speed instrumentation , every missile launch from Vandenberg going down the test range .
They wanted to find out if we could figure out a place to put a telescope where we could get a side view of the missile , so that we could see all three stages of powered flight .
So I went up to Big Sur , California , up on an air -- on the U.S. Forest Service road on Anderson Peak and installed a telescopic site up there .
And the Air Force flew in a huge catarctic telescope from the Cape .
It was built by Dr. Walter Manning at the Boston University .
They put this telescope up there .
And with that thing , which had a focal length of 2,500 inches , we photographed an Atlas missile raising up out of the fog cover and flying downrange .
We got all three stages of powered flight .
And as the dummy warhead and the package flew on down the range , we were all celebrating the fact that we had seen the thing and accomplished the mission .
When I got back to the base with the film , the next day I was called into the office of Major Florenze J. Mansmann .
And there were three people in gray suits standing in there .
There was a .16 millimeter camera and a screen set up .
Major Mansmann said lieutenant , sit down and watch this .
And he turned down the lights , turned on the camera -- on the projector and the film came on .
And I recognized it as the film that we had shot at Big Sur the previous day .
Toward the end of the flight , I was looking at Major Mansmann saying pretty good stuff , huh sir ?
And suddenly he said just watch this .
And as I watched , the warhead -- the dummy warhead , the chaff that was put out in front of it as the decoy to deflect the Russian anti-missile missile tracking radar -- everything was flying along and suddenly , in the same direction this stuff was flying , at about 8,000 miles an hour , an object came into the frame , shot a beam of light at the warhead , flew up to the top , shot another beam of light at the warhead , flew around the direction it was flying , shot another beam of light at the warhead , flew down to shoot another beam of light at the warhead and then flew out the same way it came in .
KING : Well , I do n't understand .
JACOBS : And that 's ( INAUDIBLE ) ...
KING : Why did n't you see this when you were shooting it ?
JACOBS : Well , it was 600 or 800 miles away from us .
KING : Oh , I got you .
JACOBS : All of this ...
KING : And they confiscated ...
JACOBS : We only could see this ...
KING : They confiscated ...
JACOBS : Well , first of all , Major Mansmann said to me , what was that ?
Were you guys screwing around up there ?
I said , no , sir .
And he said then tell me what that was .
And I said we got a UFO .
And he said , lieutenant , you are never to speak of this again .
As far as you 're concerned , this did n't happen .
KING : Hold on , guys .
JACOBS : And for ...
KING : We 've got to take a break .
OK .
That 's weird .
Do you think there 's an actual defense plan for aliens ?
It sounds crazy .
We 'll ask about that next .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I 'm not alone in witnessing something extraordinary .
That 's the bottom line .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Powerful beaming spotlights .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Triangular in shape , sitting on three legs .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
No type of aircraft that I 've ever seen before .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Rapidly maneuvered and quickly disappeared .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Accelerating to very high speeds .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
We were just trying our cars ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
And what we were seeing , it do n't resemble anything known to us .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : Bob Jamison , we 'll make this clear , you were asked to say nothing ?
JAMISON : I was not asked to say nothing .
In fact , no one admonished me and I did not sign an oath saying that I can't say anything .
KING : So , what -- there was no cover - up as far as you were concerned ?
JAMISON : That 's correct .
KING : You just ...
JAMISON : I can tell .
I can speak about it .
KING : You can tell what you saw .
Do you think there 's a plan for invasion by aliens ?
JAMISON : I would n't presume to know that .
I simply know that the U.S. government does not obviously appreciate people , such as myself and these gentlemen , speaking out about this .
What we 're describing , on an ongoing basis , decade after decade , at multiple Air Force bases , is just disruption of our nuclear missiles .
KING : We have an e-mail from Kyle in Plainville , Massachusetts : " Why would UFOs only disable U.S. defense systems and not another country ?
Is there a lesson to be learned in all of this ? "
Or do you think maybe -- Bob Salas -- they have disabled other countries ?
SALAS : They have .
I know that there have been events in the Soviet Union where they have interfered there .
They 've been seen in just any country you could name .
You know , I do disable communications that 's ( INAUDIBLE ) .
KING : We have an e-mail from Eric in Atlanta , Georgia : " What can be done , if anything , to force the U.S. government and / or military to declassify and release all it knows about UFOs ? "
Dr. Jacobs , when do you think that would happen ?
Do you think that would happen ?
JACOBS : It would take a revolution in public opinion .
The problem with this field is that it 's surrounded by so many crackpots and weirdoes who make a joke about it , that those of us who take it seriously and think that something definitely is going on and it needs to be scientifically investigated , are laughed at .
The technician here in the studio where I am , I said were talking about UFOs tonight and her face lit up and she got that kind of hmmm look , which is typical of what happens to us .
I think that we need to a real scientific committee to be put together to look into these things .
I think Rob ( INAUDIBLE ) too .
KING : I agree .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Absolutely .
KING : Bob Salas , do you agree ?
SALAS : Yes .
I would like to make a comment real quick .
The Air Force has perpetrated a fraud , especially in our case .
They claim in their statement about UFOs that nothing has -- no UFO incident has ever affected national security .
And we lost 20 missiles during the cold war .
They also stonewalled the Condon Committee at that time .
The Condon Committee had heard about our incident and were told to go away .
They said they were told that no UFOs were involved .
And then the Air Force turns around and uses the Condon Committee as a reason not to further investigate UFOs .
KING : Robert Hastings , in doing all these shows , what confounds me is , if all of this is The Skeptic Society , what are they afraid of ?
What 's the government afraid of ?
HASTINGS : Victor Marchetti is a former high level CIA official .
He wrote the book " CIA and The Cult of Intelligence " in 1975 , a best - seller .
The CIA tried to prohibit that being printed .
He , Victor Marchetti , in 1979 , wrote an article regarding what the CIA thought about UFOs .
He alluded to rumors at the agency of crashed UFOs and the recovery of bodies of aliens .
More to the point , Victor Marchetti said that , in his view , as an intelligence analyst , he thinks that the power structures , the elite , the status quo , people in every country on earth who are in on the secret , are really trying to maintain their own power and status and do n't want to rock the boat .
KING : An e-mail from Christian , Brighton , Colorado : " When is the Air Force going to stop lying to the people and finally tell them the truth about alien visitation ?
The American people are paying their salaries and they are supposed to defend and respect the Constitution of the United States of America . "
Bob Jamison , do you ever think we 'll ever see it ?
Do you think we 'll ever see an Air Force official , the secretary of the Air Force come on and say here 's the story ?
JAMISON : Perhaps through more programs , such as this we can get the public tuned to the fact that there were -- are UFOs .
They 're not going to hurt you , I do n't think .
And they have n't hurt anybody that I know of .
And I think that , perhaps , through more programs such as yours and such as these people are bringing out ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : And a government investigation immediately .
JAMISON : Yes .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : An open investigation .
KING : There 's never been one , right ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Right .
SALAS : Not really , no .
I mean in 1968 was the last Congressional hearing on UFOs -- 1968 .
KING : Forty years .
SALAS : Forty years .
We need another one .
We need a strong one .
Hopefully , the next administration will do that .
HASTINGS : There 's been a lot of behind - the - scenes manipulation of Congress by the military lesson personnel .
KING : Because of what -- fear of what ?
HASTINGS : Well , again , Larry , these gentlemen are talking about nuclear missiles being dropped offline .
The Pentagon does not want the Russians or , previously , the Soviets to know that .
It 's going on in the Soviet Union , as Bob Salas has said .
But I have interviewed persons who were involved with the Minutemen missile bases in the '60s , '70s , '80s and '90s .
And they say this is continuing to occur .
I 've actually interviewed a gentleman a year ago who said that his missiles were activated by UFO .
And I describe that in detail in my book .
I asked him to come on this program and he declined , I think because he 's uneasy about talking publicly .
KING : There are skeptics , not a surprise .
Bill Nye , the science guy , is here when LARRY KING LIVE returns .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
It does not contain any pattern of purpose or of consistency .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
And it 's not a weather balloon nor an aircraft nor a missile .
It is something else .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I do n't know what they saw in ' 47 , but I 'm quite sure it probably was Project Mobile .
CWO JOHN HAU ( RET . ) , U.S. NAVY : Nothing we had at the time , could fit the description , size and shape .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : Go to CNN.com / larryking right now and take our quick vote .
Is the United States government hiding knowledge of UFOs ?
Let us know what you think .
Joining our panel is Bill Nye , the science guy .
He 's a scientist , engineer , best - selling author and Emmy winning television personality .
He 's , by the way , a member of The Skeptic Society and a fellow with the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry .
Now , Bill , assuming that these distinguished gentlemen are not lying , we have three former members of the Air Force and Robert Hastings who 's looked into this for a long time , what 's your thought ?
BILL NYE , " THE SCIENCE GUY " :
Well , in the skeptical world , in science , we look at claims .
We look at individual claims .
So I noticed that in the intro to your show and stuff that you -- there are several UFO incidents all mixed in together .
But let 's talk about the one in 1967 , right ?
This is your problem at Malstrom Air Force Base in Montana .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Malstrom .
NYE : So the nuclear missiles went down right ?
So if you go look at the documents that these guys have offered , if I understand it , as evidence , you look at some of them -- and you do n't have to look read it , but you see there 's something blacked out , OK , redacted .
That 's a guy 's home address .
They do n't want you to publish your home address .
Here 's one with a whole bunch of people 's office phone numbers and stuff .
And it looks spooky and scary .
KING : But what 's your point ?
NYE : Well , it looks spooky and scary , but it turns out that that day , or the day before , the power had gone out in some of the chiller units , the air conditioning , OK ?
And Boeing was called out -- Boeing makes the Minuteman missile -- because all these things went down and they wanted to know what had happened .
KING : So the man who called him and said he saw something outside , he did n't see something ?
NYE : Well , let me just say , when you see something , a lot of people see something .
And a lot of people see things that are really -- they can't identify .
But that does n't mean they were -- it 's quite a leap ...
KING : So you 're saying it 's a coincidence .
NYE : Yes .
KING : This guy thought he saw something and the missiles go out ?
NYE : And then you talk to people who were there ...
KING : All right .
Bob Salas , how do you respond ?
NYE : ... and it 's very compelling .
And these documents
KING : Hold up .
NYE : I just want to address this .
KING : OK .
Let him respond .
NYE : When you respond , address that one of the officers suspected that somebody had been drinking , OK ?
SALAS : I never heard that .
NYE : OK ?
( CROSSTALK )
SALAS : I never heard that explained that anybody was drinking .
Let me say , first of all , the missile shutdowns had nothing to do with power failure .
There is triple redundancy on power .
We 've got Montana Power .
We 've got a backup generator .
We 've got batteries , OK ?
The power ...
KING : You 've never seen missiles go down due to a power failure ?
SALAS : Not really , because of all that backup on power .
So this had nothing to do with power .
The second point .
The flight security guard that reported this was about less than 100 feet away from this object .
He was looking at it through his window .
It was right outside the front gate , right above the gate .
It was a glowing red object , pulsing .
NYE : OK .
Did you see it ?
SALAS : No .
I could n't see it .
KING : No , he delegate 2006 election it .
SALAS : I could n't see it .
I could n't leave the capsule .
But within seconds after that report , the missiles shut down .
Now , was that a coincidence ?
NYE : Well , it 's hearsay , as we say in the courtroom .
SALAS : It 's not hearsay .
NYE : Well , you 're saying that this guy told you .
SALAS : It was testimony .
KING : Well , you 're not saying -- I 'm not asking you -- you do n't think he 's lying ?
NYE : No .
KING : All right .
So the guy did tell him ?
NYE : He did tell him and he saw something .
And , coincidentally , the missile shut down .
KING : All right .
OK .
The guy saw something .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Coincidentally is called ... ( CROSSTALK )
KING : Was n't that a weird coincidence ?
NYE : Yes .
I mean I 've -- many times I 've flipped a light switch and you hear a siren .
SALAS : What if the same thing happened a week earlier , only this time 10 missiles go down , a lot of security guards see the UFOs right above the what are five other missile bases ...
NYE : OK .
So why do n't we ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ... on repeated occasions .
( CROSSTALK )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
Is that a coincidence , too ?
I mean you can buy the two -- are those two coincidences ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ... the 1950s , '60s , '70s and ' 80s .
KING : One at a time .
One at there are time .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
Well , but here 's the thing .
It 's not ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
There 's over a hundred people , they 'll ...
NYE : Well , in science it 's not evidence .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I wish -- I wish Edgar Mitchell were here .
But in any case ...
KING : It may not be evidence , let 's say , but it is certainly a source of ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
Well , a hundred people are telling the same story at different Air Force bases over a four week period .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ( INAUDIBLE ) .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
These guys were entrusted ...
KING : One at a time .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ... with weapons of destruction by the U.S. government .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Yes ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
And there 's a hundred now who are coming forward and saying UFOs shut down their nuclear weapons .
( CROSSTALK )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
So we have a mass psychosis ...
KING : All right .
In the interests of time ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : ... among our nuclear missile forces ?
KING : Hold it .
In the interests of time , Dr. Jacobs , he takes pictures , he comers back , they call him in .
They show him the pictures of this strange thing .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I saw it .
I 'm an eyewitness .
KING : He saw it .
They confiscate .
( CROSSTALK )
KING : And they confiscate it ?
NYE : Yes .
KING : Why ?
Why ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I 'm not talking about people who reported ...
( CROSSTALK )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I would n't be surprised ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Hello ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Go ahead .
KING : Yes , go ahead .
JACOBS : Do you mind if I speak , Mr. Comedian ?
KING : Go ahead .
JACOBS : I was there .
I was there .
I saw the film with my own eyes .
I 'm not lying .
Why would I ?
I 'm a university professor with a Ph.D. and a lot of years of good respectful research .
So the ( INAUDIBLE ) officer may not have seen the UFO , but they saw the results of it .
I saw the damn thing on film with my own eyes , so do n't call me a liar and you were n't there , I was .
NYE : I did n't -- with all due respect , I 'm not calling you a liar .
It 's just quite a step to say there was a film with remarkable images on it that the CIA confiscated , which I saw and which ...
JACOBS : It 's quite a step they did .
NYE : Yes .
Which is quite a step from there to say it was definitely a spacecraft from another civilization .
That 's the leap that the skeptical community is reluctant to take .
JACOBS : Listen , I did n't -- hey , pal , listen to me .
I did n't say it was a space ship from another civilization .
I said it was something in the air that we could n't identify .
Therefore , it was an unidentified flying object .
It was shaped like two saucers put together with a golf ball on top .
And it fired a beam that we assumed was a plasma beam at a dummy warhead and knocked it out of space .
Tell me what happened .
Tell me who did that .
Tell me in 1964 who had that technology , pal .
Not us and not the Russians and nobody I know of .
So come on Mr. Skeptic , what about it ?
NYE : So what 's your conclusion ?
So what 's your conclusion ?
JACOBS : What 's your conclusion ?
NYE : What are you saying ?
Well , my conclusion is that something happened that you do n't know what it was .
And I would n't be surprised if it had something to do with another aspect of military testing in the sky that night .
And it 's a much more reasonable explanation ...
( CROSSTALK )
JACOBS : We had nothing -- there was nothing in our inventory that could do possibly do that .
NYE : So let 's do -- let 's do this other little thought experiment , everybody .
OK , let 's say this has been going on since 1967 , routinely , right ?
There 's an old joke in broadcasting ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
Are you going to do this with baking soda and vinegar , Bill ?
KING : Hold on .
We 're running out of time .
( LAUGHTER )
NYE : It 's an old joke in broadcasting ...
KING : What is it ?
NYE : Well , it 's like trying to photograph a car wreck .
At one time , considered an impossible thing to do .
If you sent out a news crew , OK , let 's go shoot a car wreck , that was a joke .
Well , now , routinely on the nightly news we see car wrecks .
We see car wrecks on the freeway , we see car wrecks behind us .
KING : Why was it a joke that your ...
NYE : Because there 's -- because there did n't used to be a camera everywhere .
There are millions and millions of cameras .
There are billions of digital pictures taken every week .
KING : So you 're saying he -- they -- you 're not saying there are no UFOs , you 're saying they have n't been proven ?
NYE : I 'm saying that it 's quite a step to see something you do n't know what it is in the sky to say that there are alien spacecraft ...
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : But you 've got to understand Dr. Jacobs ...
NYE : ... that are monitoring our nuclear weapons .
KING : He has seen this , Dr. Jacobs .
NYE : Well , I understand that .
KING : Now , so you 're -- if you 're questioning what he 's seen ...
NYE : No .
Well , I 'm questioning his -- the conclusion that the technology did not exist in 1964 to produce images on film that the CIA would want to confiscate .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : If I may ?
JACOBS : Well , in 1964 you were trying to figure out what ...
NYE : That 's quite a step .
JACOBS : In 1964 , you were trying to figure out what girls were .
I was in the service as a senior scientist ( INAUDIBLE ) capacity .
NYE : Sir , you can attack me ...
JACOBS : So get off your skeptic high horse , pal .
NYE : But that does n't -- well , it just does n't ...
JACOBS : You 're attacking us .
NYE : It 's quite a step ...
JACOBS : You 're the one who 's making ad hominem attacks and saying that 's quite a step .
You bet it 's quite a step .
HASTINGS : If I may ?
If I may ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Yes , please .
KING : All right .
One at a time , please .
We 've got two minutes left .
HASTINGS : The other person , the other former Air Force officer , retired Air Force officer involved in it was charged with photo analysis of this film .
Florenze Mansmann , who 's now deceased .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Florenze J. Mansmann .
HASTINGS : I 've spoken to his widow .
I have correspondence -- private correspondence between Dr. Jacobs and Dr. Mansmann , actually .
And 20 years later , they are marveling over what they saw .
Mansmann 's professional assessment at Vandenberg in 1964 was that this was an extraterrestrial craft .
NYE : OK .
So he made that conclusion .
HASTINGS : That 's correct .
NYE : OK .
All right .
HASTINGS : And I can send you -- I will give CNN -- I 'm trying to get the national media involved in this as much as possible .
I will send anyone any correspondence for any newspaper , any radio station , TV station , any scientist , any member of your group , all of the original documentation ...
KING : All right , we ...
HASTINGS : ... where these gentlemen are discussing the subject 20 years later .
KING : All right , we 're going to have -- we 're going to do a lot more on this , because we do a lot on UFOs .
We thank you all for coming .
And we thank Dr. Jacobs .
But when we come back , we 're going to really get into it -- a double debate .
We 're going to have a physicist , a lecturer , a researcher and a documentary filmmaker go up against Bill Nye and Dr. Seth Shostek into a two versus two on this whole subject .
Do n't go away .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
Do you think it was possible it was from another world ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : My Air Force training says I can't think that way , OK ?
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : I know what I saw .
And I get very upset .
And I was wondering why they wo n't find out what it was ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Until somebody actually sees it , they have no idea .
No idea .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : A story this big , there 's no way it could be kept secret .
What do you say to something like that , who says that ?
COL .
GORDON COOPER ( RET ) , ASTRONAUT :
Well , somebody 's kept it pretty secret for quite a while , have n't they .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : Four distinguished gentlemen will now debate that reasonably .
They are here in Los Angeles , Stanton Friedman , a physicist , lecturer and a UFO researcher and author of " Flying Saucers and Science . "
James
Fox is a documentary film maker and UFO researcher , the executive producer of " Out of The Blue , " and finishing up a new film , the working title " Beyond The Blue . "
Bill Nye , our science guy , remains .
And in Boston is Dr. Seth Shostak , the senior astronomer for the SETI Institute .
That stands for the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence .
He 's the host of the weekly radio program , " Are We Alone . "
All right , Stanton , it is Bill 's contention that , yes , people have sighted things .
Yes , there are reports .
But we do n't know there are unidentified flying objects from other planets .
STANTON FRIEDMAN , PHYSICIST : Well , you know , I admire Bill 's courage .
I can't imagine a well - trained scientist who 's an expert at communicating science to the general masses of people , who has courage enough to go on a national , international television program , to talk about something which he has n't researched , something which he knows nothing about and pretend he 's being a scientist about it .
Frankly , I 'm sick and tired of the debunkers making their research be proclamations .
Bill showed a document with , you know , names redacted .
How about this is a CIA document , it took me five years to get , about UFOs .
Not just names redacted .
KING : Are you saying , Stanton , as a physicist , that there are unidentified flying objects that have come from other places ?
FRIEDMAN : Yes .
I 'm going beyond that .
That 's why the book is flying saucers and UFOs .
KING : They would be unidentified .
FRIEDMAN : Yes , I 'm saying some UFOs are intelligently controlled extraterrestrial spacecraft .
We 're dealing with a cosmic Watergate , meaning a cover - up by the government .
And there are no good arguments against those two .
And we 're dealing with the biggest story of the millennium .
KING : Before I have Bill respond , let 's have Dr. Shostak respond .
Doctor , what do you know or not know ?
SETH SHOSTAK , SR ASTRONOMER , SETI INSTITUTE : Stanton likes to say , those of us who are not doing the UFO research should n't opine about them .
And I find that not such a convincing argument , because frankly , I do n't do black hole research .
I 'm an astronomer .
I do n't do black hole research .
But I can read a paper about black holes and decide whether it sounds credible or not .
Is the guy who did it credible ?
Was the paper reviewed ?
Are other scientists convinced ?
Can I repeat the experiment ?
There 's no reason Bill Nye , nor I , ca n't offer a serious opinion on this subject .
So I regret that he said that .
Secondly , you 're not offering --
( CROSS TALK )
KING : Do n't interrupt .
Let 's bring in James Fox .
Do you know that -- do you know -- you 're not a scientist , but a filmmaker -- do you know that objects have come from other places , not the Earth ?
JAMES FOX , DOCUMENTARY FILM MAKER :
Here 's my theory .
KING : Theory .
FOX : Two possibilities , the observed phenomena --
By the way , I 've got a little document here that was released from the Air Material Command , General Nathan Twaining ( ph ) , admitting on the 23rd of September , 1947 that the phenomenon is real and not visionary or fictitious .
KING : What do you know ?
FOX : Basically , there 's an observed technology for at least 60 years that one can easily establish , the ability to hover without making sound , without disturbing the air and accelerate from the standpoint to out of sight in the blink of an eye .
Either there 's an agency within some government in the world that is in possession of that technology and has kept it under wraps for 60 years .
I can definitively say that .
KING : The government could be ours .
FOX : And it 's terrestrial explanation .
There 's a terrestrial explanation for that technology , or there is n't .
KING : Or the government could be ours , too .
FOX : Or the government could be ours , which would explain that they 've kept this technology under wraps for 60 years or more .
KING : Could you unequivocally , Bill , say there are no objects coming from outer space ?
Can you say that ?
NYE : Of course not .
There are definitely objects coming from outer space .
There 's 100,000 tons of --
KING : I mean manned alien .
NYE : -- dust that lands of day .
Put a sheet out every night .
You will find dust .
KING : Aliens .
NYE : I 'm very skeptical .
As we say in science , the simplest explanation is generally the best one .
So here 's our problem , I think : people are confident that the United States government has covered things up .
KING : Right .
NYE : And indeed , if you read recent publications , stuff declassified last year , and I did n't read the book , but if you read something like " Legacy of Ashes " about the CIA , the CIA has covered up a lot of things .
A couple times , they got their own forces shooting at themselves because one part of the organization did n't tell the other part of the organization .
KING : What 's your point ?
NYE : My point being that the U.S. government could have accidentally led people to believe that there was a lot more going on than there really was .
And so this ability of the U.S. government to create these rumors , generally inadvertently , may I say , has led people to have confidence that when they can't explain something by traditional means , it must be some amazing , never - before experienced --
KING : Let me get a break in .
We 'll come right back .
Where are these so - called space aliens coming from ?
What do they want from us ?
We 'll ask after the break .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : There 's still time to participate in our quick vote ; is the United States government hiding knowledge of UFOs ?
Head to CNN.com / LarryKing right now and weigh in .
Yes , by the way , right now , is in the lead .
Before we continue , let 's take a look at a clip from James fox 's new movie .
It involves a Japanese airliner .
Watch .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Ahead on the radar , approximately five miles in front of your 6:00 position .
Do you concur ?
UNIDENTIFIED MALE : We cannot identify the type .
It 's quite big .
UNIDENTIFIED MALE :
The CIA said , to all the people there , this event never happened .
Who are you going to believe ?
Your lying eyes or the government ?
( END VIDEO CLIP )
KING : Why is the government covering up , Stanton ?
FRIEDMAN :
In my book , I have a whole chapter on six reasons for it .
You want to figure out how they work .
You worry about the other guy figuring out how they work before you do , because they make wonderful weapons delivery and defense systems .
You do n't want them to know you know they know kind of thing .
If a big announcement were to be made , there would be -- what , church attendance would go up , mental hospital admissions would go up , the stock market would go down , but there would be a big push for earthling orientation .
No government wants that .
And fourth , some of the religious extremists --
KING : Do you , Dr. Shostak , believe there would be a panic ?
SHOSTAK : No , absolutely not , Larry .
Polls have shown since the 1960s that something like 50 percent , 60 percent Americans believe we 're being visited by saucer sailing aliens that occasionally abduct you for experiments that are inappropriate on a first date .
And nobody 's rioting in the streets about that .
" New York Times " announced it tomorrow , I think people would say , I knew it all along .
KING : Our latest Associated Press poll shows 14 percent of Americans claim they 've seen a UFO and 34 percent say they believe in UFOs .
James , you had eyewitnesses you spoke to in Arizona , right , who told you they saw .
They saw what ?
FOX : There was a craft .
It 's a the boomerang shaped craft .
It 's up to a mile across .
It 's flew extremely slowly .
KING : A mile across .
FOX : A mile across .
It flew extremely slowly .
People had to fly directly over .
We 're not talking about an ambiguous light off in the distance .
Directly over their house , so low they could have hit it with a rock .
KING : How many people told you they saw it ?
FOX : There 's been over 1,000 people who have come forward .
I talked to at least 150 from all over the state of Arizona , including the governor of Arizona , who did launch an investigation with the Pentagon , local Air Force base , Luke Air Force Base .
KING : What happened in the investigation ?
FOX : They shrugged their shoulders and said , we do n't know what that thing was .
KING : How do you respond ?
They 're not lying , Bill .
What do you think ?
NYE : My recollection was the Air Force said they had a flight of F - 16's that dropped flares that night .
It 's a big V .
KING : These people are not --
FRIEDMAN : That was at 10:00 , not 8:30 .
FOX : The real thing happened at 8:30 .
It started in the north and headed all the way down .
NYE : One explanation is --
FRIEDMAN : People could n't tell time .
NYE : One explanation is people -- something happened in the evening and we have confused the time .
Another explanation is there 's an alien spacecraft .
KING : OK .
Are you open to that possibility ?
NYE : Not in the case of the one in Phoenix .
In this case -- I do n't have the documents in front of me , in all fairness .
FRIEDMAN :
You have n't studied the evidence is what it boils down to , Bill .
NYE : That 's where I really disagree with you , Stan .
I 've studied the evidence pretty well .
FOX : When this craft took off -- and I talked to people across the state of Arizona .
They said , had I blinked I would have missed it .
It did n't make any sound .
It did n't disturb the air .
It did n't make a sonic boom .
And it was at least a mile across , including the governor of Arizona saw this thing .
FRIEDMAN : And he 's a pilot
FOX : And he 's a pilot and former captain in the Air Force .
NYE : On CNN we had footage of that .
( CROSS TALK )
FOX : No footage of that .
I 'm about to uncover footage that --
KING : Let me get a break .
Why do we presumes that aliens , if they are out there , are so much smarter than we ?
Interesting question .
We 'll try for an answer .
Phone calls , too , after the break .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : I do n't know what it is .
We 're back .
OK , calm down .
Stanton , a good point from an avid listener .
We 've lived through many administrations of this .
We 've lived through Johnson , Nixon , all right , a whole bunch .
We 've had Republicans , Democrats , scientists .
All of them are covering up ?
Nobody , nobody -- no official has ever said , I want to look into this ?
FRIEDMAN : As they say --
FOX : Jimmy Carter on camera --
I was the first person to get Jimmy Carter on camera saying that he tried to launch an investigation and he got nowhere .
I got Gerald Ford in a phone interview , he did the same thing .
KING : How could a president get nowhere ?
FOX : He got nowhere .
Bill Clinton tried to launch an investigation .
KING : The CIA is hiding all this from presidents ?
FOX : We do n't know it 's the CIA .
It 's some sort of quasi - government , quasi-military --
NYE : Here 's the thing , the CIA hides stuff from the president , but that does n't mean they are extraterrestrial .
KING : Why , Stanton , on this topic would there be a giant cover - up ?
FRIEDMAN : Because it affects everything we think about ourselves .
As I said , if we make a declaration that indeed aliens are visiting , people are going to want to push for an earthling orientation .
We have 300 million people --
FOX : What orientation ?
FRIEDMAN : A new identity .
Instead of as Americans , Chinese , Greeks , Peruvian --
KING : OK .
FRIEDMAN : Who speaks for the planet .
We 're going to hold an election , right ?
But the Chinese have 1.3 billion .
India has one billion .
We have 300 million .
We 're not going to give up that -- they have a common goal to stay in power .
That 's what government is all about , Larry .
You know that .
FOX : Look at it on a smaller scale , like with Fife Symington .
Fife Symington made a joke out of that sighting that happened in 1977 .
He had one of his aides dressed up in an alien suit .
This massive craft flies over the state of Arizona .
The governor said there was mounting pressure from his constituents to get to the bottom of it , growing hysteria .
He holds a press conference .
He has his aide dress up in an alien suit and males a joke out of the whole thing .
The reason why he did that -- he told us ten years later -- is because they did n't know what it was .
People were freaking out .
KING : An e-mail from Anne in Duncan , Oklahoma : " UFO conspiracy theorists say the U.S. government is conspiring to keep extraterrestrial contacts a secret .
Why would n't aliens themselves make their presence known to the world ?
If they can travel light years to get here , they do n't need government permission for anything . "
Do n't you think they would do that , Seth ?
SHOSTAK : Of course they would .
Look , you just have to look at the historical analogs , Larry ; 1492 , Columbus lands in America .
Ten years later , Spain is sending 25 ships filled with colonists to the Americas .
If you had asked the North American natives ten years after Columbus , do you think we 're being invaded ?
It does n't matter what their military wanted to do , what the chiefs wanted to do .
They knew they were being invaded .
It 's been more than 60 years since Roswell .
As far as I can tell , my flights still take off on time from the local airport .
No aliens whatsoever .
KING : Why do n't they come , James ?
FOX : Here 's the thing .
FRIEDMAN : I do n't talk to the squirrels in my backyard , Larry .
FOX : I asked this exact question to Edgar Mitchell , Apollo 14 astronaut , sixth man on the moon ; I said why wo n't they just land ?
He said -- he really looked at me and said , well think about it , James .
Do n't you think if you went to a distant world , do n't you think you would want to sit back and observe a little bit ?
KING : Why do they observe Wyoming and not Washington ?
( CROSS TALK )
FOX : Washington was buzzed in 1962 .
It was captured on radar , photographed , caught on photograph .
NYE : That 's your claim .
What do I do ?
FOX : It 's a fact .
NYE : What do I do as a civilian when the U.S. Air Force says , well , that was some flight testing we were doing and we covered it up .
What do you do when they declassify the --
FOX : Are they hiding this technology for 60 years ?
Maybe they are .
But if they 're hiding this technology , they should n't be , because somebody 's in possession of technology that could really be beneficial to all of humanity .
( CROSS TALK )
FOX : I do n't know .
Maybe they 're not .
Maybe it is alien visitation .
I do n't know .
I can't prove that .
But I can tell you --
KING : Do you think aliens have visited here ?
FRIEDMAN : No question about it .
The evidence is so powerful .
And I wish that Seth , who when he attended my lecture admitted he had n't read any of the --
KING : What do they want , the aliens , do you think ?
FRIEDMAN : I got a whole long list of bottom line , they 're here to quarantine us .
KING : Quarantine us ?
FRIEDMAN : Hey , we 're primitive society whose major activity is tribal warfare .
I worked on fusion propulsion systems .
Everybody in the neighborhood is going to know about fusion .
That 's what makes the stars work .
Within a short time , we 'll be able to take our brand of friendship , which everybody else calls hostility , out there .
Remember , this is a planet that killed 50 million of our own kind in World War II .
NYE : You 're saying the aliens are afraid that we will take over their technology ?
FRIEDMAN : I did n't say that .
FOX : This is all speculation right now .
Let 's start talking about the facts .
NYE : That 's where we disagree , is on the facts .
( CROSS TALK )
FOX : We have government documents basically stating that these things exists .
NYE : Have you been to Wright Patterson Air Force Base ?
FOX : Of course I have .
NYE : You 've been there , Larry , it 's cool .
( CROSS TALK )
KING : They do n't show you an alien , do they ?
NYE : I had security clearance for a while .
FOX : What would you do if you saw one of these things ?
NYE : First of all , I would take a picture of it , a good one .
FOX : Then what ?
NYE : Then I would look at the picture carefully .
FOX : And then laugh at yourself because no one would believe you .
KING : Let me get a break .
We 'll be right back .
( COMMERCIAL BREAK )
KING : Is that a cow ?
We 're back -- I 'm trying to figure out , is that a cow ?
NYE : Cows watching UFOs .
KING : Einstein 's theory of relativity , you can't travel faster than light , right ?
FRIEDMAN : Yes , but as you get close to the speed of light , time slows down .
You can go 39 light years in six months pilot time if you 're at 99.99 percent speed of the light .
We physicists make particles that go --
NYE : They become infinitely massive .
( CROSS TALK )
NYE : Here 's what I 'm saying , that 's a much better explanation that we do n't know enough about it .
But -- but , Stan , you made a point before break that the U.S. Air Force will not let you see everything .
I should hope not .
I hope the U.S. Air Force has a few things up their sleeves .
FRIEDMAN : I had 14 years under security .
NYE : But that does n't mean that the stuff that you can't see at , for example --
KING : Let me get a call in .
New Orleans , hello .
CALLER : Hi , Larry , how are you doing ?
KING : Hi .
CALLER : I would like to know how often are eye - witnesses given a polygraph to prove that they 're telling the truth rather than making up a story just to be on TV ?
KING : Are they , James ?
FOX : It happens .
KING : Are they given polygraphs ?
KING : It has happened .
Benny
Hill passed one on national television .
( CROSS TALK )
KING : Seth , you are a skeptic ?
You think we 'll ever know the whole story , or will never know the whole story ?
Seth ?
SHOSTAK : Sorry , I did n't hear -- the whole story -- the bottom line is , Larry , this : Stanton has some insight into alien sociology .
He knows what they want .
He 's failed to convince the scientists of the world .
When he does that , you 'll have real investigation in this .
It will move from the area of fantasy to real science .
I 'm waiting for that to happen .
FOX : Here 's the problem .
I just got back from a meeting with the French CNS , the French equivalent of NASA .
France has -- I do n't know if people know this , but France just released their UFO files , which basically confirms that the UFOs are real .
KING : They say that .
FOX : Yes .
KING : France has announced that UFOs are real ?
FOX : The head of CNS just released 50 years of profiles .
I went to interview the guy , Jacques Pattinet ( ph ) , just recently , and I said to him , this is an amazing discovery .
How are the French reacting to that ?
He said , no one is jumping out of windows .
KING : Not only is anybody jumping out of windows , it ai n't a story .
I have n't seen it .
FOX : It did get covered a little bit , not a whole lot , but a little bit .
KING : Why not ?
FOX : I do n't know .
NYE : There 's a lot of things --
FOX : You had a show about it .
England followed suit and releasing their documents .
I asked him .
I said , what would you like to say to the American government ?
He said , do n't be afraid to tell the people the truth .
NYE : Exactly .
You see something in the sky that you do n't know what it is , it does n't mean they 're aliens .
FOX : Sixty years of technology --
KING : But if France announces that they 're there , why does n't that impress you ?
NYE : What does they 're there .
FOX : It 's 50 years of scientific study .
NYE : You guys --
FOX : It 's been soil analysis , photographic analysis .
NYE : When I was young you could n't make a plane without a vertical tail .
Now you can .
That does n't mean that there are aliens .
FOX : I 'm not saying there are aliens .
I 'm saying there are disk shaped craft , physical phenomena that defy physics as we understand it today .
KING : Do they defy physics ?
FRIEDMAN : No , it means we do n't know how to duplicate it yet .
That does n't mean it 's impossible .
I worked on fusion propulsion systems .
It 's what goes on in the sun , a lot of energy per pound in material , back 40 years ago , Larry .
We have n't built a big system because it takes a lot of money and effort .
KING : Guys , we 're out of time .
Thanks .
Another in our series of programs searching for an answer .
Go to CNN.com / LarryKing for transcripts , ring tones , photo galleries , and more .
Do n't forget about tonight 's vote : is the United States government hiding knowledge of UFOs ?
And we 've got a UFO commentary from the former Arizona governor .
Our latest podcast , Barack Obama , is all ready for downloading .
You can also sign up for our news letter or cell phone text alerts .
It 's all at CNN.com / LarryKing .
Anderson Cooper , " AC 360 " starts right now .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
The leaders of OPEC have a long list of culprits for high oil prices : the falling dollar , U.S. - Iranian tensions , and shady speculators .
Here 's one they seem to forget : OPEC .
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries consistently claims that supply is not a problem - that there 's plenty of oil to meet demand .
But last year , as the price of oil nearly doubled , OPEC was actually cutting production .
The cartel produced 1.5 % less last year despite adding two countries , Angola and Ecuador , to its ranks .
That cutback at a time of growing demand helped drive prices up .
" They made a mistake , " says Adam Sieminski , chief energy economist for Deutsche Bank , who thinks OPEC 's drop in production last year is the No. 1 reason for today 's prices .
" The Saudis are responsible for trying to manage the world market .
They underestimated demand and they overestimated non-OPEC supply . "
To get the full context for OPEC 's cut , we need to go back to the fall of 2006 , when the world was a very different place .
The price of oil was falling fast , from a high of $ 78 in August to below $ 60 by late October .
Hedge funds were reportedly piling into the market and driving the price lower .
The poo-bahs of OPEC probably had flashbacks to the mid-1980s oil - price collapse .
The cartel decided it was time to act .
On Oct. 20 , OPEC voted to drop production by 1.2 million barrels per day .
That day may have been the last time OPEC had control of the oil market .
By mid-January , oil bottomed at $ 51 per barrel and then began its extraordinary rise .
Now we 're flirting with $ 150 .
Out of whack prices
The question is : Can OPEC now undo what it has helped to create ?
Last week OPEC released its World Oil Outlook 2008 , a 214 - page report that can be summed up in one reassuring sentence from the foreword by OPEC Secretary - General Abdalla Salem El - Badri : " Availability is not an issue . "
Despite increasing demand , the report promises plentiful oil for decades to come .
Not surprisingly , then , El - Badri , who also runs Libya 's national oil company , argues that , at $ 140 , the price of crude oil is out of whack with reality .
" Today , what is apparent is that oil supply and demand fundamentals are healthy , " he writes .
" There is , and has been , more than enough supply to meet demand , and oil stocks in major consuming countries are at comfortable levels .
This should point away from the direction of current price levels . "
In recent weeks , while Congress has been holding dozens of hearings to try to figure out who to blame for the rude price of crude , the Secretary - General and his colleague Chakib Khelil , the president of OPEC and head of Algeria 's oil ministry , have offered a variety of explanations .
Khelil has cited the falling value of the U.S. dollar , referenced tensions between the U.S. and Iran , and pointed the finger at hedge fund speculators .
( It 's hard to argue with the first two , but I generally side with my colleague Jon Birger in believing that it 's bogus to blame speculators . )
Saudi Arabia called an emergency oil summit last month , the main purpose of which seemed to be to get out the message that rising prices were n't the cartel 's fault .
But it 's disingenuous for OPEC 's leadership to suggest that reduced production had nothing to do with rising prices .
OPEC pumps 44 % of the world 's daily oil production and , by its own count , has 78 % of the world 's proven reserves .
In an increasingly tight market , there 's no room for the largest group of producers to drop its output without directly affecting prices .
And indeed , in announcements before and during the summit , the Saudis pledged to boost production by some 500,000 barrels a day .
Where 's the oil ?
The scary thought - held by observers like peak oil guru Matt Simmons and commodities investor Jim Rogers - is that the cartel can't do much more than that because the easy oil is already out of the ground .
" They 've been telling us for years that they have between two and three million barrels of [ daily ] spare capacity , " says Gal Luft , the executive director of the Institute for the Analysis of Global Security .
" If you have it and you do n't use it then you are deliberately denying liquidity to the market when it needs it .
If they have it , why do n't they use it ?
And if they do n't have it , we need to know that .
We need to put more oil in our strategic reserve . "
OPEC has apparently given its members the green light to pump all they want , according to a survey released by energy news service Platts last month .
The Platts press release about the survey says that " OPEC has a ' tacit ' understanding that those members capable of boosting crude production should supply as much oil as world oil markets needed . "
In other words , the leaders of OPEC are trying to regain control of oil prices and offer relief to their agitated customers , although Platts Global Director of Oil John Kingston sounded skeptical about how successful OPEC could be .
" It 's clear that with non-OPEC output continuing to sag , and world demand staying flat regardless of high prices , that any additional supply most likely must come from OPEC , " he is quoted as saying .
" But ...its ability to put much more oil on the market looks severely constrained . "
Over the weekend , another important OPEC figure offered his thoughts on the price of oil .
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez said on Sunday that crude is in a speculative bubble and that it might hit $ 200 per barrel .
( He also took the opportunity to threaten to cut off supplies to the U.S. and drive the price up to $ 300 if Exxon did n't back off in a dispute over its assets in his country . )
At $ 200 , Deutsche Bank 's Sieminski calculates , global GDP growth would fall to a mere 2 % .
" That would stop demand growth , " he says .
Rather than find out if he 's right , let 's hope OPEC 's efforts to drive prices down today are half as effective as its efforts to raise them were in 2006 .
Great ads from the advertising agency SAATCHI & SAATCHI out of Petaling Jaya , Malaysia and art directors Lydia Lim , Ong Kien Hoe and Edmund Choe .
You have to click on the pictures to get the full effect of the ad , the are wonderfully innovative , this is the first time I have seen anything like this put into an ad .
Fantastic art direction and phtography were put into each of these ads , I love the dark ominous lighting in the first three advertisments .
The fourth one is by far the weakest of the bunch , it has solid art work but it does n't draw you into the scene anywhere near as much as the first three do .
Fantastic work from SAATCHI & SAATCHI , well done indeed .
Add Post To : | Digg| Technorati| del.icio.us| Stumbleupon| Reddit| BlinkList| Furl| Spurl| Yahoo| Simpy |
Ever since Darwin , evolutionary biologists have wondered why some lineages have diversified more than others .
A classical explanation is that a higher rate of diversification reflects increased ecological opportunities that led to a rapid adaptive radiation of a clade .
A textbook example is Darwin finches from Galapagos , whose ancestor colonized a competitors - free archipelago and rapidly radiated in 13 species , each one adapted to use the food resources in a different way .
This and other examples have led some to think that the progenitors of the major evolutionary radiations are those that happened to be in the right place and at the right time to take advantage of ecological opportunities .
However , is it possible that biological diversification not only depends on the properties of the environment an ancestral species finds itself in , but also on the features of the species itself ?
Now a study supports this possibility , suggesting that possessing a large brain might have facilitated the evolutionary diversification of some avian lineages .
Over 20 years ago , Jeff Wyles , Allan Wilson , and Joseph Kunkel proposed that big brains might favor adaptive evolutionary diversification in animals by facilitating the behavioral changes needed to use new resources or environments , a theory known as the behavioral drive hypothesis .
When these authors formulated their hypothesis , evidence that the size of the brain limits the cognitive capacity of animals were scanty .
Since then , however , a substantial body of evidence has confirmed that animals with larger brains , relative to their body size , have more developed skills for changing their behavior through learning and innovation , facilitating the invasion of novel environments and the use of novel resources .
Despite the progress , the role of the brain in the adaptive diversification of animals has remained controversial , mostly due to the difficulties to demonstrate that big - brained animals evolve faster .
Now , ecologist Daniel Sol of CREAF - Autonomous University of Barcelona and evolutionary biologist Trevor Price of the University of Chicago , provide evidence for such a role in birds in an article in the August issue of The American Naturalist .
Analyzing body size measures of 7,209 species ( representing 75 % of all avian species ) , they found that avian families that have experienced the greatest diversification in body size tend to be those with brains larger than expected for their body size .
These include the Picidae ( woodpeckers ) , Bucerotidae ( hornbills ) , Psittacidae ( parrots ) , Strigidae ( owls ) , Menuridae ( lyrebirds ) and Corvidae ( crows ) .
Brain size can promote morphological diversification because it facilitates range expansions and speciation , yet the analyses indicate that the brain - diversification association is statistically independent of geographic range and species richness .
" The most likely alternative , " Daniel Sol states , " is that big brains enhance the rate of evolutionary diversification by facilitating changes in behavior , which would place new selection pressures on populations and favor adaptive divergence . "
Thus , in species with high cognitive styles , behavior might be , along with environmental factors , a major driving force for evolution .
Source : University of Chicago Press Journals
Parrots have a big brain and are also one of the most evolutionarily diversified bird clades .
( Photo Credit : Daniel Sol )
Awesome Asian Infomercial
Uploaded 07/13/2008
I swear I am on the phone ordering mine right now
Kim Kardashian Rushed to the Emergency Room
is reportedly in New York for the big reveal of the season 7 Dancing with the Stars celebrity roster that will be announced on Good Morning America this morning .
She is also on hand to promote her new film Disaster Movie .
Here in lies the problem ... the reality show fixture suffered a serious injury in her hotel room last night which may well keep her from doing the two step .
The Keeping Up With the Kardashian star was rushed to the ER at New York Presbyterian Hospital last night after she sustained a serious cut on her foot .
She apparently received the injury on the glass coffee table in her room .
A source said :
" There was so much blood , it look like a murder scene . "
Details are still sketchy but it has been reported that the actress did need stitches .
We 'll keep you posted .
Photo : WENN
White House memo exposes
Rove knew of problems with anthrax vaccine Allen McDuffee
Published : Thursday August 7 , 2008
Print This Email This Rove said Gulf War Syndrome , vaccine political stumbling block The Department of Defense continued its controversial mandatory anthrax vaccinations program despite high ranking Bush administration officials acknowledging there were problems with the vaccine within months of the Bush administration taking office well before the 9/11 attacks and the October 2001 anthrax letters .
A 2001 memorandum from former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove to then - Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz indicates that the White House knew of problems relating to the Gulf War Syndrome and the military 's controversial anthrax vaccine .
Obtained by RAW STORY earlier this year from a senior military official and referenced in today 's New York Daily News , Rove wrote , " I do think we need to examine the issues of both Gulf War Syndrome and the Anthrax vaccine and how they can be dealt with .
They are political problems for us . "
RAW STORY had held off printing the memorandum ( which appears below ) in an effort to validate its authenticity .
Along with the memo , Rove noted that he had attached " material on the Anthrax vaccine problem , " which had been forwarded to him by H. Ross Perot .
He titled it " GULF WAR SYNDROME AND ANTHRAX . "
" It did n't bother me that Rove referred to it as a political problem at the time because it meant that it would be properly dealt with , finally , " the military official who leaked the memo said , speaking on the condition of anonymity .
" The political problem became a problem to me when they dropped the ball and allowed the program to continue .
It was politics that motivated them to investigate and it was politics that motivated them to allow the program to continue .
Now the political nature bothers me . "
The Apr. 25 , 2001 memo indicates how long and how far up in the administration the anthrax vaccine and Gulf War Syndrome have been considered problematic .
The Pentagon 's anthrax vaccine is manufactured by a single contractor , Emergent BioSolutions .
It has been plagued with complaints from soldiers and soldiers ' advocates , who assert that the vaccine causes myriad debilitating ailments .
The Defense Department was forced to halt mandatory injections in 2004 after a judge ruled that the FDA had not approved the vaccine for its intended use .
In 2006 , the military resumed mandatory vaccinations after FDA approval , citing letters laced with anthrax in late 2001 as a reason .
Questions about the mailings containing anthrax have re-emerged in the wake of a suicide by a biodefense researcher .
At the time of his death , Bruce Ivins , 62 , was under federal investigation for the 2001 anthrax attacks that left five people dead and more than a dozen sickened .
In a Wednesday joint FBI and Department of Justice press conference , while not officially closing the case , Assistant Director in Charge Joseph Persichini of the FBI Washington Field Office said , " Bruce Ivins was responsible for the death , sickness , and fear brought to our country by the 2001 anthrax mailings . "
The leaked memo also comes on the heels of an announcement by the Department of Homeland Security , which has proposed giving the city where Emergent BioSolutions is located $ 946,520 to protect the company 's facilities .
The grant , according to an article in the Lansing State Journal , would " purchase , install and deploy the eligible Homeland Security equipment and manage related law enforcement protective actions . "
A New York Times article following Ivins ' death highlighted a number of tensions between public safety and biodefense research , centering around the question : " Has the unprecedented boom in biodefense research made the country less secure ? "
Pentagon maintains vaccine is safe , requires injections Despite repeatedly maintaining it is safe , documents obtained by Raw Story last year showed that the Pentagon and medical military personnel have known since at least 1998 that there are genetic triggers between illnesses and some required immunizations .
They also revealed the military knew and did not implement routine pre-screening which could help reduce vaccine - related illnesses .
A flyer posted by the Vaccine Healthcare Center in 2007 showed that Walter Reed solicited servicemembers who have suffered as a result of the vaccine , asserting that adverse effects may include redness or swelling where the shot was given ( larger than the bottom of a soda can ) and / or more than 24 hours of headaches , muscle / joint pains , and / or fatigue ( tiredness ) that interfered with your daily activities .
Texas billionaire and onetime presidential candidate H. Ross Perot testified to a Congressional committee in 2002 regarding issues with the vaccine and its manufacturer .
" BioPort is a mess , " Perot said , referring to the Pentagon contractor , which has since changed its name to Emergent BioSolutions .
" BioPort should not be able to keep that contract .
For years they never met any goals or objectives ... For years they got bonuses that equaled or exceeded their salaries and did n't accomplish their goals . "
" The damage that was done to our Tigers in the Armed Forces is incredible , " he added .
" Hundreds of pilots have left the Air Force rather than take the shot .
$ 6 million to train one pilot .
That 's a high price to pay , right ? "
Ivins had worked on producing an anthrax vaccine .
Documents presented by federal prosecutors paint a portrait of a paranoid man who suffered delusions .
Their evidence against him , however , has been questioned .
Sources who spoke to the press said that the Justice Department was close to charging Ivins when he took his own life , but that they still had more investigating to do .
The Department asserts that Ivins acted alone .
Iowa Republican Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - IA ) , has called for a " full - blown accounting " of the probe , which cost taxpayers $ 15 million and took seven years , according to the Washington Post .
Democratic Rep. Rush D. Holt ( D - NJ ) , who represents the region the deadly letters were mailed from from , says hearings should be held as to " why investigators are so certain that Ivins acted alone . "
The memo is available in PDF format here .
This article was edited by Raw Story Managing Editor Larisa Alexandrovna , and paid for by reader donations to Raw Story Investigates .
You can contribute by clicking here , allowing us to conduct more investigative reporting .
John Stewart noted that a recent book accuses John McCain of using harsh term to refer to his wife .
Stewart believes that McCain was n’t hiding his “ salty Navy talk . ”
Stewart said the accusation signals “ that we have officially moved into the character assassination portion of our presidential campaign . ”
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast June 11 , 2008 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video
PP Travel will always offer you a full refund if the event you book is officially cancelled by its relevant organiser .
" The white population is older and very much centered around the aging baby boomers who are well past their high fertility years , " said William Frey , a demographer at the Brookings Institution , a Washington think tank .
" The future of America is epitomized by the young people today .
They are basically the melting pot we are going to see in the future . "
Pictured :
The puppy born without front legs who 's now using model aeroplane wheels to get around
This tiny puppy may have been born without front legs but there 's no way that is holding her back .
Hope , the appropriately named two - legged Maltese puppy gets around by using a specially - designed device which features wheels from a model aeroplane .
The energetic pup uses her hind legs to boost her body forward onto her chest and operate the wheeled prosthetic limbs .
Hope :
The two - legged Maltese puppy gets around by using her hind legs to boost her body forward onto her chest
The beloved pooch was born with only two legs and has small wriggling nubs where her front legs should be .
At first Hope moved around by hopping but experts said her her natural mode of moving eventually would damage her bones and spine .
The wheeled device was created by orthotist David Turnbill free of charge with makeshift shoulder joints connected to model airplane wheels .
The wheeled contraption which allows
Hope to get around
Each of the device 's ' arms ' can move up or down independently of the other , allowing Hope to pivot and turn .
The spring - loaded prosthetic arms hook to a custom - fitted chest plate to allow Hope to lay down or sit up without removing the prosthetic .
The wheels she uses as front legs took some getting used to and at first the tiny lap dog would tip over to one side .
Hope was born without front legs and instead has two nubs
However practice made perfect and now the persistent puppy has mastered the art of wheeling herself around , there is no stopping her .
In fact she can bound across a room at a surprisingly break - neck pace .
' She gets around fine , ' said the puppy 's rehabilitation specialist Cassy Englert .
A cast was made of Hope 's body in order to build the prosthetic device
' She never knew anything other than hopping like she did .
The hardest thing is teaching her a new way to get around that 's going to actually be better for her , ' he added .
Hope was taken in by Southern Comfort Maltese Rescue in Chattanooga , Tennessee , USA when she was six weeks old .
When the puppy grows bigger she will need to have another device made for her .
WATCH THE VIDEO HERE ...
Down 97 % : Tax Trouble Coming For States & Cities
Here 's something you may not have considered :
The massive losses taken by Wall Street Banks and Brokers is going to wipe out their profit for the next few years .
About $ 500 Billion in write downs have already occurred .
Best estimates for the total that will get written down range from $ 1 trillion to $ 2 trillion dollars .
That 's not only very bad for the firms , their shareholders and employees -- its also going to be very challenging for the regions where they are headquartered and do much of their business .
In New York State , the 16 largest banks sent taxes totaling $ 5 million in the most recent reporting period ; that compare with $ 173 million from the same period a year ago .
Taxes paid are down an astonishing 97 % !
And , its not just New York .
Other money center regions in the US are running into similar problems : California , Connecticut , Virginia , Illinois , and Massachusetts are also likely to have related tax shortfalls .
There will be other cities and states beyond these .
Bloomberg reports that :
" Wall Street 's mortgage losses have grown so large that some firms may pay little or no taxes for years , widening New York City and state deficits and challenging their ability to provide services , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said .
Some companies are seeking refunds from the city on taxes they paid ahead of time , saying losses have cut their tax liability to zero .
The banks pay tax on 110 percent of earnings in advance as a " safe harbor , '' protecting against penalties for underpayment .
" It will be a number of years before Wall Street starts paying taxes again , '' the mayor said at a press conference yesterday in Manhattan .
" They will carry forward all of those losses . ''
Financial firms posted $ 501 billion in writedowns and credit losses worldwide since the start of last year , a figure the World Bank predicts may rise to $ 1 trillion as the credit squeeze sparked by the subprime market collapse worsens .
The tax drain is particularly serious in New York , where Wall Street accounts for 20 percent of state revenue and about 9 percent for the city , state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli has said .
( emphasis added ) .
Its not just here in the USA that the credit crunch problem is impacting the tax base .
Acrodss the pond , the UK is experiencing a similar problem , courtesy of Merrill Lynch 's recent write downs of $ 29 Billion dollars .
The FT notes that " If Merrill ’s UK subsidiary were to continue to generate profits at 2006 levels , a record year for the investment banking business , it would pay no UK corporation tax for 60 years . "
Merrill Lynch is unlikely to pay corporation tax in the UK for several decades after $ 29bn ( £ 16bn ) of losses suffered by the US investment bank were charged to its London - based subsidiary .
The figures , published in Merrill ’s regulatory filings , emphasise how the meltdown in the US subprime mortgage market is undermining tax receipts for governments far beyond America ’s borders .
They also offer a rare glimpse into the tax management policies of a global financial institution .
The losses arose because almost all of Merrill ’s global activity in the market for collateralised debt obligations – complex debt securities , often backed by subprime mortgages – has been channelled through Merrill Lynch International , its UK - based subsidiary .
60 years ?
Gee , that seems like an awfully long time to go with loss carry forwards .
Then again , $ 30 billion dollars is some real money .
But it gives you a sense of exactly how much self inflicted damage the financial sector is suffering .
On the Federal level , we see the continued slow down of personal income tax in the US .
Thisis likely to accelerate as the recession gets deeper and more prolonged , layoffs add up , and income slows :
>
Chart courtesy of Matt Trivisonno
>
Consider these corporate and personal tax shortfalls .
Then look at a recent congressional study showing that most firms pay no income taxes -- a misleading but incendiary headline -- and you can make the safe bet that whoever gets elected , we will see a new reach for corporate taxes .
Watch for various proposals cutting the corporate tax percentage ( i.e. , 35 to 25 or 30 % ) but some major loopholes changes .
My forecast :
Thanks to the credit crunch , the tax burden on non-financial firms 3 years from now will be appreciably higher than they are today -- regardless of the November 2008 election outcome .
And , they are likely to stay that way for quite a while . . .
>
Previously :
Financials : Worse than they look ?
( November 08 , 2007 )
http://bigpicture.typepad.com/comments/2007/11/financials-wors.html
Sources :
Wall Street Losses Cut Tax Bill , Sap New York Revenue
Henry Goldman and David Mildenberg
Bloomberg , Aug. 12 2008
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601109&sid=a4A3yRSaEHRA&
Merrill books loss to London unit and avoids UK tax for decades
Peter Thal Larsen in London and Francesco Guerrera in , New York
FT , August 15 2008 03:00
http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56af1850-6a61-11dd-83e8-0000779fd18c.html
Merrill Books Losses Through U.K. , Can Offset Taxes
Zachary R. Mider and Cathy Chan
Bloomberg , Aug. 15 2008
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aONZ6mYLFBog&
Most firms pay no income taxes - Congress
David Goldman
CNNMoney.com , August 12 , 2008 : 4:38 PM EDT
http://money.cnn.com/2008/08/12/news/economy/corporate_taxes/index.htm
Friday , August 15 , 2008 | 07:04 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 32 ) | TrackBack ( 0 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef00e553e149f28833
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Down 97 % : Tax Trouble Coming For States & Cities :
Comments
looks like the little taxpayers will be paying a lot more in future , and not just to cover the bailouts .
We have spent well beyond our means , and the piper now needs paying .
Posted by : Peter | Aug 15 , 2008 7:41:32 AM
WASHINGTON --
The financial troubles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could diminish their legendary influence on Washington decision making as lawmakers prepare to put a tighter leash on the two mortgage giants .
The companies together have spent more than $ 170 million on lobbying since 1998 , and their political action committees have given $ 1.5 million in campaign contributions to members of Congress in the 2008 election cycle .
As ...
Hundreds of civilians are believed to have been killed in South Ossetia The Foreign Office is advising British nationals in Georgia to leave unless there is an urgent need to stay .
Officials earlier advised against all non-essential travel to the conflict - hit country , but stepped up their warning after further fighting .
Violence has erupted between Russian and Georgian forces over control of the breakaway South Ossetia region .
Gordon Brown held talks with international leaders on Sunday in a bid to create pressure for a ceasefire .
A Downing Street spokesman said the UK prime minister had " detailed discussions " with the French President Nicolas Sarkozy and had also spoken to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
He added : " The foreign secretary has been in touch with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and EU foreign ministers .
" We will continue to press for international action to help bring the conflict to an end and we urge both parties to agree an immediate ceasefire . "
Air services
On Friday , British Ambassador to Georgia Denis Keefe wrote to British citizens in the country advising them to stock up on water , food and fuel .
He said then that there was " no immediate cause for alarm " and British nationals were not being advised to leave the country .
It is wise to [ leave ] while some air services are still available and the border remains open
Foreign Office statement
Dancer 's pain over crisis at home However , on Sunday the Foreign Office issued new advice .
It said in a statement : " If you or your family have no urgent need to remain in Georgia you should leave as soon as possible .
" It is wise to do so while some air services are still available and the border remains open . "
The Foreign Office is also advising against all travel to the separatist regions of South Ossetia , Abkhazia and the upper Kodori .
It said serious fighting was continuing in South Ossetia and there had been aerial bombardment of Georgian military installations outside the conflict zone at the Black Sea port of Poti and the military bases at Vaziani , Senaki and Marneuli .
' Eerily quiet ' British charity worker Sian Davis , from Reading , told the BBC the mood in the Georgian capital Tbilisi was subdued .
She said : " Tbilisi looks fairly normal .
It 's pretty calm , but it 's really , really quiet , eerily quiet , and last night the streets were empty , the restaurants were empty .
" Everyone was either at home or had packed up and moved out of the city .
" People are really , really scared .
Even on the bus , there 's people on the bus , but no - one 's speaking to each other , no - one 's joking , no - one 's laughing and this is not Georgian normality , because Georgian normality is noisy and crazy and people laughing and joking .
" This is the problem - people are panicking . "
A few of us are still here , but should the situation become a lot worse very quickly , we will have to leave
Sian Davis
British charity worker in Georgia Miss Davies , who is taking part in a European Voluntary Service project in Georgia , said she knew of Britons who were already fleeing the country .
" They are advising us to go and get to the Armenian border , " she said .
" A couple of my British friends have done that already .
" A few of us are still here , but should the situation become a lot worse very quickly , we will have to leave as well . "
Mr Miliband has said the government is " deeply concerned " by the violence in Georgia .
He has held talks with European foreign ministers and with US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice over how to respond to the crisis .
Based on Russian and South Ossetian estimates , the death toll on the South Ossetian side is believed to be at least 1,500 , mostly civilians .
Georgian casualty figures range from 82 dead , including 37 civilians , to a figure of about 130 dead .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The woman who inherited £ 9 m ... and then gave it all away
' Happy as I am ' : Jane Ritchie gave away her inherited fortune
When Jane Ritchie inherited £ 9 million from a distant cousin , she could have spent the rest of her days in pampered luxury .
But the 59 - year - old spinster had other ideas .
After paying £ 3 million in tax , she bought a new hat for a forthcoming wedding and treated herself to a stay in a ' nice hotel ' for the event .
And then she gave the rest away - paying for a job - related ' learning centre ' to give teenagers an insight into the world of work and inspire them to make the most of their education .
The Work Place , built at a cost of £ 5 million at Newton Aycliffe , County Durham , opens next month .
The story of how the former careers adviser came to be so rich is as astonishing as her decision to give it away to help others .
It was all made possible by her wealthy cousin 's extraordinarily frugal lifestyle .
Margery Freeman never had children and , after the death of her ship 's captain husband Reginald about 30 years ago , she lived alone in a cottage in the Yorkshire Dales .
She spent most of her time tending her garden .
She used her widow 's pension to pay her bills and barely spent anything on herself .
Her only shoes were plimsolls bought from Woolworths , she wore the same old clothes which relatives would darn , and her coat was held together with string .
In winter she heated only one room to cut bills , and she tended to eat vegetables because meat was pricier .
Despite living like a pauper , she became rich .
She inherited some cash when family members died and her money was shrewdly invested for her in stocks and shares .
Over the years her fortune grew and grew .
When Mrs Freeman moved into a
care home the fees were paid for by her pension .
She died four years ago shortly before her 101st birthday .
Miss Ritchie , who had been a regular visitor for years , knew her relative was well off but had no idea how much she had amassed .
Miss Ritchie said Mrs Freeman always spoke about leaving her cash to a cats ' home .
Where the money went : Miss Ritchie ploughed her millions into a learning centre for young people .
' I believe you should do good , ' she said
But after her death , her solicitor visited Miss Ritchie at her house in the Dales .
' He said she had left about £ 1 million in bequests and had left the rest to me .
I thought I had been left with all the bills , but he said , " That 's £ 9 million " .
I nearly fell off my chair . '
More than £ 3 million went to the taxman and Miss Ritchie made several generous charitable donations , but there was still more than £ 5 million left .
She quickly decided where it would all go .
As manager of Durham 's Business and Learning Partnership , Miss Ritchie had been trying for 15 years to create an ' industrial learning centre ' - a place where children could learn how their classroom studies related to jobs in the real world .
Several attempts to get funding had come to nothing , so when she became an overnight multi-millionaire she decided to do it herself .
Miss Ritchie set up two trusts and a private company which have built the centre at a cost of £ 4.9 million , helped by a £ 660,000 grant from the regional development agency .
No expense was spared in providing facilities where youngsters aged 14 to 19 can do ' simulated work experience ' in fields such as health and social care , construction , media and leisure .
Artificial human bodies have been purchased to show teenagers how to take a pulse and take blood , and ' age suits ' to enable youngsters to experience what it 's like to be elderly .
Sessions at the centre will form part of the Government 's vocational diplomas to be taught in schools from next month .
Miss Ritchie said : ' I 've got everything I want .
I 've got a nice house with two dogs and two cats .
I 'm the wrong shape for fancy clothes .
I do n't drink and I do n't smoke and I do n't take holidays because I 'm too busy .
I am very happy as I am .
' I believe if you do get something like winning the lottery you should do something good with it and that 's what I have tried to do . '
The San Diego County Employees Retirement Association is scheduled to hold their conference Oct 12 - 14 .
The amount of money from the conference will generate $ 50,000 for the Manchester Grand Hyatt whose owner Doug Manchester donated $ 125,000 to help defeat same - sex marriage in California .
Contact SDCERA and tell them to use a different venue .
They have people they represent who are LGBT and their money should not goto this anti-gay establishment .
San Diego County Employees Retirement Association
2275 Rio Bonito Way , Suite 200
San Diego , CA 92108-1685
communications@sdcera.org
619.515.6800 or 888.4.SDCERA
San Francisco , Calif .
—Ubuntu is well known in user circles as the cool kids ' Linux .
It 's available pre-installed on PCs and laptops from Dell and from numerous smaller computer vendors .
What Ubuntu has n't been known as is a Linux distribution that matters to CIOs and IT managers .
Things are changing .
Canonical , Ubuntu 's parent company , is finally taking serious action on its long - announced plans to become a serious enterprise Linux player .
The Isle of Man - based Linux distributor is n't just targeting data center servers , although that 's on its list .
First , Canonical , along with Red Hat and IBM , announced August 5 at LinuxWorld in San Francisco that by 2009 they 'll offer a pre-load software stack of IBM's OCCS ( Open Collaboration Client Solution ) to server and desktop OEMs ( original equipment manufacturers ) .
With this , enterprise customers can get Lotus Notes , Lotus Symphony and Lotus Sametime , as well as the distributor 's Linux .
The plan is for VARs ( value added resellers ) and system integrators to brand the complete package under their own names .
" The slow adoption of Vista among businesses and budget - conscious CIOs , coupled with the proven success of a new type of Microsoft - free PC in every region , provides an extraordinary window of opportunity for Linux , " said Kevin Cavanaugh , IBM Lotus Software 's vice president .
Ubuntu , which may well be the most popular desktop Linux , plans to use this general trend to boost not only its desktop sales but to push into the data center .
For more on Ubuntu 's popularity , see Top Ten Reasons Why Ubuntu Is Best for Enterprise Use , written by Canonical 's Mark Shuttleworth .
Malcolm Yates , Canonical 's ISV ( independent software vendor ) alliance manager , said in an interview , " A lot of our customers like the Ubuntu desktop and use it for software development .
Now , they want to roll it out to the server .
We want to make sure that , when they roll out Ubuntu on the server , they find it equally joyous . "
By this , Yates explained , " We want to make it as easy to install software on the Ubuntu server as it is to install the Ubuntu desktop .
For example , we 're getting ready to release DB2 and Informix database management systems that come as DEB packages , which will install and do basic set - up with only a couple of clicks or a single command line instruction . "
In addition to databases and the IBM OCCS stack , said Yates , Canonical has partnered with Alfresco , an open - source content management system and maker of a Microsoft SharePoint replacement .
The beta Alfresco Labs 3 , its SharePoint server replacement , is available for download from the Ubuntu Partner repository .
" When Alfresco releases Alfresco Enterprise Release 3 later this year , we will make the entire enterprise solution available through the Canonical Store , " Yates said .
Canonical will also offer Yahoo's Zimbra Desktop Client to the Ubuntu repository this week , Yates said .
Then , " When it is released in a few weeks , we will be offering the Zimbra Collaboration Suite 5.5 later this year , which will be a big boon for our corporate users . "
Last , but not least , Canonical will also be offering Unison .
Unison is a combination desktop and server package that provides a combination of telephone system , e-mail and instant messaging .
It 's designed to replace SMB ( small - to - medium sized businesses ) and department server PBXs as well as Microsoft Exchange .
On the desktop side , Unison will run on both Linux and Windows .
Bottom line : Canonical is focusing its attention on delivering not just the traditional Linux edge server , but business software stacks ready to drop into SMBs and enterprises .
With Novell and Red Hat already in the picture , can Canonical and Ubuntu pull this plan off ?
Jay Lyman , open - source analyst for The 451 Group , thinks it can .
Lyman said , " We see Ubuntu part of a larger trend toward fragmentation of the Linux market .
Linux itself is n't fragmenting , but we see other companies besides Red Hat and Novell moving up .
With Canonical being so hot on the desktop , and pushing hard on the server , we think the desktop will work in their favor . "
Still , Lyman continued , " Ubuntu needs a big OEM deal to move ahead . "
Lyman can see that happening before the end of the year or , he suggested , " Perhaps Canonical could jump over servers .
I could see a cloud vendor approaching Ubuntu . "
One way or the other , though , it 's clear that Canonical and Ubuntu are n't just for Linux enthusiasts anymore .
They 're demanding the attention of CIOs now as well .
March 30 , 2003 --
Whatever one 's opinion about the justification ( or lack thereof ) for the war , the failure of the Iraqi regime to collapse immediately has surprised many people .
To some it indicates that the American military strategy is based on excessively optimistic assessments .
Retired general turned TV pundit Barry McCaffrey , for example , recently stated that Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has sent too few troops and too little equipment to Iraq to dislodge Saddam Hussein .
Struck by such second thoughts among some in the military , I offer the following marginal contribution to the discussion .
It concerns Lanchester 's Square Law , which was formulated during World War I and has been taught in the military ever since .
Used to model conflicts from ancient times to the Battle of Trafalgar and Iwo Jima , it may be relevant to the Iraq situation as well .
Although usually couched in terms of differential equations ( the context in which I first came across it ) , Lanchester 's Law can be paraphrased as follows : " The strength of a military unit — planes , artillery , tanks , or just soldiers with rifles — is proportional not to the size of the unit , but to the square of its size . "
What does this mean ?
The Effect of Quantity
Before returning to its application to Iraq , let me illustrate Lanchester 's Law with a simplified conflict between two armies , denoted army QN ( for quantity ) and army QL ( for quality ) , each of which has 500 pieces of artillery .
Assume furthermore that the two sides ' artilleries are more or less equivalent in effectiveness and are capable of destroying each other at a rate of , say , 6 percent per day .
That is , after one day each side will have 94 percent of what they had the day before .
Neither side has an advantage , but let 's alter the balance of power in a way suggested by a nice example from a new book , What the Numbers Say , by Derrick Niederman and David Boyum .
What happens if we assume that army QN can increase its artillery to 1,500 pieces , three times as many as army QL has ?
There are two consequences .
One is that each of QL 's artillery pieces will receive three times as much fire from QN 's artillery as before because QN now has three times as many guns as QL .
Because of this QL will lose artillery at a rate of 18 percent ( 3 x 6 percent ) per day .
The other consequence is that each piece of QN 's artillery will receive one third as much fire from QL 's artillery as before because QL now has one third as many guns as QN .
Because of this QN will lose artillery at a rate of 2 percent ( 1/3 x 6 percent ) per day .
Lanchester 's Law in this case : Tripling the number of pieces of army QN 's artillery leads to a nine - fold advantage ( 18 percent versus 2 percent ) in its relative effectiveness .
The Effect of Quality
Armies can increase not only the number of their artillery ( or planes , tanks , or soldiers ) but can also increase their quality , and so we alter the balance of power again .
Let 's assume that army QL counters QN 's numerical superiority with better technology .
It does so by upgrading its 500 pieces of artillery to make them each 9 times as accurate as QN 's 1,500 pieces of artillery .
If QL can upgrade its artillery in this way , its rate of hitting QN 's artillery ( if QN has an equal number of pieces ) will no longer be 6 percent per day , but 54 percent ( 9 x 6 percent ) .
But because we 're still assuming that QN has three times as many pieces of artillery , QL destroys only 18 percent ( 1/3 x 54 percent ) of QN 's artillery each day .
Moreover , the rate at which QN 's artillery takes out QL artillery pieces remains the same as calculated above at 18 percent per day .
The bottom line : it takes a ninefold increase in QL 's quality to make up for a threefold increase in QN 's quantity .
In general , it takes an N - squared - fold increase in quality to make up for an N - fold increase in quantity .
In Iraq
Now to the war where , in some limited respects , the Republican Guard and irregulars are QN and the American and British forces are QL .
If the units under discussion have planes , cruise missiles and the like , there is no comparison and Lanchester 's Law is not relevant .
With tanks and artillery , Lanchester 's Law does come into play , and American qualitative superiority again easily wins the day .
It 's only when we get down to the level of individual soldiers with rifles in house - to - house fighting that the balance becomes unclear .
It 's here that Lanchester 's Law suggests that American soldiers ' smaller degree of superiority may not always make up for a potential Iraqi numerical advantage ( unless weapons more destructive than rifles are unleashed ) ; it takes a big qualitative advantage to overcome a small quantitative one .
Of course , this analysis is necessarily very simplistic and ignores many other factors .
Much depends , for example , on whether or not Iraqis are committed to the fight , something that 's more likely if they 're engaging an essentially all - American army rather than one broadly composed and under the aegis of the United Nations .
Whatever the duration of the war in Iraq , Lanchester 's Law reminds us why urban guerilla warfare appeals to those with a weak conventional military .
It is a worrisome fact that only at this level is there less scope for technological superiority .
Professor of mathematics at Temple University and adjunct professor of journalism at Columbia University , John Allen Paulos is the author of several best - selling books , including Innumeracy , and the forthcoming A Mathematician Plays the Market , which will be published in the spring .
His Who ’s Counting ?
column on ABCNEWS.com appears the first weekend of every month .
Simply put , your brain likes to eat .
And it likes powerful fuel : quality fats , antioxidants , and small , steady amounts of the best carbs .
On a deadline ?
Need to rally ?
Avoid the soda , vending machine snacks and tempting Starbucks pastries and go for these powerful brain boosters instead .
The path to a bigger , better brain is loaded with Omega - 3 fats , antioxidants , and fiber .
Give your brain a kick start : eat the following foods on a daily or weekly basis for results you will notice .
20 foods that will supercharge your brain :
1. Avocado
Start each day with a mix of high - quality protein and beneficial fats to build the foundation for an energized day .
Avocado with scrambled eggs provides both , and the monounsaturated fat helps blood circulate better , which is essential for optimal brain function – and it ’s possible the avocado ’s plentiful antioxidants help combat diseases like diabetes and chronically high blood pressure ( its oil has been dubbed “ the olive oil of the Americas “ ) .
Worst alternative : a trans - fat - filled , sugar - laden cream cheese Danish .
Green it : you do n’t need to buy an organic avocado – conventional is fine .
But make sure your supplementary protein is free range , cage free , or organic .
2. Blueberries
These delicious berries are one of the best foods for you , period , but they ’re very good for your brain as well .
Since they ’re high in fiber and low on the glycemic index , they are safe for diabetics and they do not spike blood sugar .
Blueberries are possibly the best brain food on earth : they have been linked to reduced risk for Alzheimer ’s , shown to improve both memory and learning ability ( and motor skills in rats ) , and they are one of the most powerful anti-stress foods you can eat .
Avoid : dried , sweetened blueberries .
Green it : buy local and organic , and be mindful of seasonality .
When blueberries are out of season , opt for cranberries , grapes , goji berries , blackberries or cherries to get your brain boost .
3. Wild Salmon
Omega - 3 fatty acids are essential for your brain .
These beneficial fats are linked to improved cognition and alertness , reduced risk of degenerative mental disease ( such as dementia ) , improved memory , improved mood , and reduced depression , anxiety , hyperactivity and cardiovascular disfunction .
Wild salmon is a premium source , but we ’ll highlight a few other sources on this list for vegetarians and people who just do n’t like salmon .
Avoid farmed ( read : sea lice infested ) salmon .
Green it : the California salmon stock is threatened , so choose wild Alaskan salmon only , and eat small portions no more than twice a week .
4. Nuts
Nuts contain protein , high amounts of fiber , and they are rich in beneficial fats .
For getting an immediate energy boost that wo n’t turn into a spike later , you ca n’t do better than nuts .
The complex carbs will perk you up while the fat and protein will sustain you .
Nuts also contain plenty of vitamin E , which is essential to cognitive function .
You do n’t have to eat raw , plain , unsalted nuts , but do avoid the ones with a lot of sweetening or seasoning blends .
Filberts , hazelnuts , cashews , and walnuts are great choices , with almonds being the king of nuts .
For those avoiding carbs , macadamia nuts are much higher in fat than most nuts .
And for those wanting to bolster the body against disease , walnuts have the highest amount of antioxidants , some of which are even more powerful than Vitamin E .
By the way , peanuts just are n’t ideal .
Aside from the fact that many people are allergic , peanuts have less healthy fat than many other types of nuts … maybe that ’s because peanuts are not actually a nut !
They ’re still much better than a candy bar , however .
Green it : try to choose organic , raw nuts , and if you ca n’t get those , at least avoid the tins of heavily - seasoned , preservative - laden nuts that may have taken many food miles to get to your mouth .
5. Seeds
Try sunflower seeds , sesame seeds , flax seed , and tahini ( a tangy , nutty sesame butter that tastes great in replacement of mayo and salad dressing ) .
Seeds contain a lot of protein , beneficial fat , and vitamin E , as well as stress - fighting antioxidants and important brain - boosting minerals like magnesium .
Sesame seeds in particular are a real Swiss Army Knife of health benefits .
Green it : Again , just look for organic and try to avoid the highly - seasoned , processed options .
In general , things like fruits , vegetables , seeds and nuts are pretty low - impact , environmentally speaking , in comparison to meats and cheeses .
6. Coffee
Thine eyes do not deceive ( even if you are in the midst of a sugar crash ) .
Coffee is good for your brain .
Did you know coffee actually contains fiber ?
That ’s going to help your cardiovascular system .
Coffee also exerts some noted benefit to your brain in addition to providing you with a detectable energy boost ( note : it ’s not as simple as boosting your brain - power , but it can make you work more effectively , depending on the work you ’re doing ) .
There is also evidence that it may provide an electrical jolt to backwater parts of your brain as well as potentially strengthening synapses associated with learning and special memory .
The trick is not to have more than a few cups .
But you can safely enjoy 2 - 4 cups daily – we are talking about supercharging here .
Just please do n’t go ruining a good thing by loading it up with sugar !
Espresso beans are actually a phenomenally healthy snack , by the way .
Green it : brew yourself some fair - trade organic coffee to benefit both the planet and the workers who grow your beans .
Use a thermos instead of a throwaway cup .
7. Oatmeal
Nature ’s scrub brush is one of the best foods for cardiovascular health , which translates to brain health .
Additionally , oatmeal is packed with fiber ( a good – if biased for obvious reasons – summary can be found here ) , a reasonable amount of protein ( comparable to soy ) , and even a small amount of Omega - 3’s .
It ’s a good grain that will sustain you throughout the morning so you are n’t prone to irritability or an energy crash .
Green it : the healthiest oatmeal is the real , steel - cut deal .
Steer clear of those little microwavable packets that are loaded with sugar .
All that packaging is n’t very green .
8. Beans
One more for carb - lovers .
( The brain uses about 20 % of your carbohydrate intake and it likes a consistent supply ) .
Beans are truly an amazing food that is sadly overlooked .
They ’re humble , but very smart .
Not only are they loaded with fiber , vitamins , minerals and protein , they ’re ridiculously cheap .
An entire bag of beans usually costs only a few dollars and will provide many meals .
Beans provide a steady , slow release of glucose to your brain – which means energy all day without the sugar crash .
Do n’t go eating a whole platter of frijoles , though – just 1 / 4 of a cup is fine ( and the side effects are , um … well - known ) .
Green it : look for heirloom beans that are raised sustainably , like those from Rancho Gordo .
9. Pomegranate
Opt for the fruit over the juice so you get more fiber .
Pomegranates contain blueberry - like levels of antioxidants , which are essential for a healthy brain .
Your brain is the first organ to feel the effects of stress , so anything you can do to offset stress is probably a smart choice ( although note that the connection between pomegranate juice and stress reduction is currently both contested and unconfirmed ) .
Green it : pomegranates are seasonal and not generally local for most of us , so enjoy sparingly and rely on other berries like acai , grapes and cherries when you ca n’t get this fruit .
10 . Brown Rice
Brown rice is a low - glycemic complex carbohydrate that is excellent for people sensitive to gluten who still want to maintain cardiovascular health .
The better your circulation , the sharper your brain – and as part of a campaign to get the Philippines to switch from white to brown rice , it ’s been claimed that brown rice can boost your memory .
Green it : do n’t buy the excessively - packaged “ boil in a bag ” rice packets .
Just make up a big batch of brown rice in a rice cooker on Sunday so you have it on hand for easy lunches all week .
11 . Tea
You have to brew tea fresh or you wo n’t get the benefits of all those catechines ( antioxidants ) that boost your brain .
Because tea has caffeine , do n’t have more than 2 - 3 cups daily ( and make sure you do it right ) .
Green it : buy organic , fair trade loose leaf or packets to support sustainable business practices .
12 . Chocolate
Things are looking increasingly better for chocolate .
It ’s got brain - boosting compounds , it ’s loaded with antioxidants , and it has just the right amount of caffeine – not to mention a rich history of use for medicinal purposes ( PDF ) .
Chocolate sends your serotonin through the roof , so you ’ll feel happy in short order .
Dark chocolate is also rich in fiber .
( Remember , fiber = healthy cardiovascular system = healthy brain . )
Green it : go for super dark , fair - trade , pure organic chocolate , not the sugary , processed milk chocolate candy bars .
13 . Oysters
Oysters are rich in selenium , magnesium , protein and several other nutrients vital to brain health .
In one study researchers found that men who ate oysters reported significantly improved cognition and mood ( particularly certain types of mood ) .
Not all shellfish are good for you but oysters are a sure bet .
Green it : oysters are actually one of the most eco-friendly seafood options , so eat up !
14 . Olive Oil
Though we know the brain does need a small , steady supply of glucose , do n’t overlook fat .
Studies have consistently shown that a low - fat diet is not the health boon we hoped it would be ( remember the 90s low - fat craze ? ) .
In fact , avoiding fat can increase foggy thinking , mood swings , and insomnia ( although glutting yourself on it can have much the same effect ) .
A diet rich in the right amount of healthy fats is essential to clear thinking , good memory , and a balanced mood .
Your brain is made of fat , after all !
One study of men found that those who relied on the processed vegetable fats found in salad dressings , snacks and prepared foods had 75 % higher rates of mental degradation ( dementia , memory loss ) than men who ate healthy fats .
Most processed foods and fast foods use corn oil , palm oil , soybean oil and other Omega - 6 fats .
You do n’t want Omega 6 fats .
Even saturated fat is safer than Omega 6’s .
Choose healthy fats such as those present in olive oil , nut butters , nuts and seeds , flax , oily fish , and avocados – in other words , aim for a more Mediterranean diet ( and here ’s why ) .
Avoid processed fats found in pastries , chips , candy bars , snacks , junk food , fried foods and prepared foods .
Eating the wrong fat can literally alter your brain ’s communication pathways .
Green it : look for organic , local , or farmers ’ market options when it comes to your food .
You should also explore herbal remedies for mood swings and brain health .
15 . Tuna
There ’s a good chance we ’ve been eating tuna for a very long time – and no wonder .
In addition to being another rich source of Omega - 3’s , tuna , particularly yellowfin , has the highest level of vitamin B6 of any food .
Studies have shown that B6 is directly linked to memory , cognition and long term brain health .
Generally , the B vitamins are among the most important for balancing your mood .
B6 in particular influences dopamine receptors ( dopamine is one of your “ feel good ” hormones along with serotonin ) .
My personal cocktail : SAMe ( nature ’s happiness molecule ) and a mega - dose of B - complex keeps me humming even when I ’ve got a mountain of work to do .
Which , like you , is all the time .
Green it : only eat tuna from sustainable fisheries , and if you ’re looking for a B6 source that is vegetarian , opt for a banana , which contains a third of your day ’s requirement ( tuna offers nearly 60 % ) .
16 . Garlic
Garlic – the fresher the better – is one of the most potent nutritional weapons in your arsenal .
Eat it as much as your significant other can stand .
Not only is it fabulous for reducing bad cholesterol and strengthening your cardiovascular system , it exerts a protective antioxidant effect on the brain and can even fight bacteria more effectively than standard antibiotics .
Avoid : I know it makes life easier , but do n’t even think about buying the chopped or peeled garlic .
Nutritional benefits = zero .
Green it : just choose organic , and go for local if you can get it .
17 . Eggs
Eggs contain protein and fat to provide energy to your brain for hours , and the selenium in organic eggs is proven to help your mood .
You really need n’t worry about the overblown cholesterol fears .
( I have quite a bit to say on this topic but I ’ll restrain myself for once . )
Green it : choose organic , free range , vegetarian fed eggs .
18 . Green Leafy Vegetables
Spinach , kale , chard , romaine , arugula , lolla rossa – whatever green you like , eat it daily .
Green , leafy vegetables are high in iron ( slightly less “ green ” iron sources include beef , pork and lamb ) and manganese .
Americans tend to be deficient in iron , which is too bad , because the deficiency is linked to restless leg syndrome , fatigue , poor mood , foggy thinking , and other cognition issues .
Green it : choose organic , and shop at your farmers ’ market or order from a local CSA .
Leave out the red meat a few days a week and rely on a big , well - seasoned green stir fry or salad .
19 . Tomatoes
Go figure , but tomatoes do n’t usually make the brain - boosting food lists .
( Thank goodness I found the one that did so I ’m not the only one . )
Tomatoes contain lycopene , an antioxidant that is particularly good for your brain – it even helps prevent dementia .
You have to cook tomatoes to get the lycopene – take that , raw foodies !
Just kidding .
But this does mean that ketchup is good for your brain .
Although because of the sugar in it , you should look to other sources for most of your lycopene intake , such as fresh tomato sauce .
And while we ’re at it – ever wondered why the taste of tomatoes is so variable ?
Wonder no more .
Green it : try to eat tomatoes that are local and get your lycopene in vitamin form when tomatoes are n’t in season .
You ’ll know when that is – the tomatoes will be pale , tasteless , and pithy .
20 . Cacao nibs
That ’s right , I ’m putting chocolate on this list twice .
My boyfriend knows I need it .
I eat chocolate or cacao nibs daily and I think you might want to consider it , too .
Cacao nibs are among the top five most powerful brain foods , right next to wild salmon and blueberries .
My girlfriends and I like to mix cacao nibs with frozen blueberries and a generous splash of organic heavy cream while we watch really bad television on Sunday nights .
Green it : as long as it ’s fair trade and organic , it ’s green .
Things that drain your brain :
Alcohol , in excess , can massively inhibit the functioning of your brain , acting as a “ pharmacological hand grenade ” .
Alcohol also interferes with dopamine production .
Moderate amounts of alcohol , particularly resveratrol - rich red wine , can help improve your health , but anything beyond a glass or two of wine daily is a recipe for reduced brain function and energy loss .
Corn Syrup and Sugar lead to health problems like diabetes and obesity , and they ’re terrible for your brain .
Do n’t eat sugar except on special occasions or as an infrequent treat .
If you ca n’t cut back that much , try to limit yourself to just two bites of whatever tempts you daily .
Nicotine constricts blood flow to the brain , so while it may “ soothe ” jittery nerves , smoking will actally reduce your brain function severely – and the effects are cumulative .
However ( and incredibly ) , we may be on the verge of a vaccine against nicotine addiction – how cigarette manufacturers feel about that is certainly a matter for speculation …
A high carbohydrate lunch will make you sleepy and sluggish .
Opt for a light meal with some quality protein , such as a salad with grilled chicken breast or vegetables and hummus or wild American shrimp and avocado .
SEE ALSO :
20 Foods to Give You Energy
20 Foods For Radiant Skin , Healthy Hair & A Super Smile
20 Foods for Increased Energy and Better Sex Drive
20 Foods To Boost Your Metabolism
20 Foods To Help You Sleep Better
20 Foods To Banish Belly Fat
Vita Search
Public Library of Science
PubMed
– with additional reporting by Sarah Irani and Mike Sowden
Images : andymangold , Gudlyf , Rob Qld , jules : stone soup & EverJean , Andrea .
Pacheco , Rajmahal88888 , TheBusyBrain , jvc , puuikibeach , B * 2 , emrank , marfis75 , kevin dooley , janice^chan , Sarah_Ackerman , - Bert23 - , theilr , flowercarole , Stewart and Francesco Bartaloni .
Post sponsored by : Electricity Rates
Wine Announcement
The Wine team is proud to announce that Wine 1.0 is now available .
This is the first stable release of Wine after 15 years of development and beta testing .
Many thanks to everybody who helped us along that long road !
While compatibility is not perfect yet , thousands of applications have been reported to work very well .
Check http://appdb.winehq.org to see the details for your favorite applications .
The source is available from the following locations : http://ibiblio.org/pub/linux/system/emulators/wine/wine-1.0.tar.bz2
http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/wine/wine-1.0.tar.bz2
Binary packages for various distributions will be available from : http://www.winehq.org/site/download
You will find documentation on http://www.winehq.org/site/documentation
You can also get the current source directly from the git repository .
Check http://www.winehq.org/site/git for details .
Wine is available thanks to the work of many people .
See the file AUTHORS in the distribution for the complete list .
----------------------------------------------------------------
Bugs fixed in 1.0 : 3838
The Punisher demo crashes after the introduction movies 3898 Counter - Strike 1.6 performance issue 4755 X Error of failed request : BadDrawable ( X_PolyFillRectangle ) when switching to Virtual Desktop 6315 Starlancer draws ships as white when direct3d is enabled 7268 Oni not opening after install 8185 can't login in Skype 3.1 on wine / kubuntu 7 8634 antialiasing disabled in gtasa menu 9555 Wine crash when I click help in Stata 10 9589 Static / Scratchy Sound with OSS in Call of Duty 9903 WinRAR with NXServer - black icons 10009 QIP : window z- order is still wrong 10268 Robot Wars : Arena of Destruction crashes while quitting ( causing resolution to stay 640 x 480 ) 10322 Eve-online ( video memory misaddressed ? )
10700 Dragon Naturally Speaking 9 needs gdiplus .
GdipDrawArcI , gdiplus.GdipCreatePen2 , ... 11011 Call of Duty 1.0 does n't run after install .
11104 Dance Praise 2 : Does not respond to input 12415 Can not leave fullscreen Warcraft 3 x ( Regression ) 12963 Moto Racer 2 works with wine 0.9.60 and crashes with wine 0.9.61 13271
The demo of the punisher fails to install 13740 winebrowser gets wrong URL , problem with unicode
----------------------------------------------------------------
Changes since 1.0-rc5 : Alexandre Julliard ( 1 ) : Updated the authors list .
Francois Gouget ( 3 ) : Remove spaces before '...' in the Danish resources .
regedit : Remove spaces before '...'. winecfg : Remove spaces before '...'.
Jaime Rave ( 1 ) : wineconsole : Update Spanish translation .
Matthias Kupfer ( 1 ) : wordpad : Small typo fix for German translation .
-- Alexandre Julliard julliard@winehq.org
NASA 's Deep Impact Films Earth as an Alien World
Series of images showing the Moon transiting Earth , captured by NASA 's EPOXI spacecraft .
Credit : Donald J. Lindler , Sigma Space Corporation / GSFC ; EPOCh / DIXI Science Teams
Nancy Neal - Jones / Bill SteigerwaldNASA
Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md.301 286 0039 / 5017 Lee TuneUniversity of Maryland , College Park301 405 4679 DC
Agle / Carolina MartinezJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818 393 9011 / 818 354 9382 David L. ChandlerMassachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , Mass.617 253-2704COLLEGE
PARK , Md. -- NASA 's Deep Impact spacecraft has created a video of the moon transiting ( passing in front of ) Earth as seen from the spacecraft 's point of view 31 million miles away .
Scientists are using the video to develop techniques to study alien worlds .
" Making a video of Earth from so far away helps the search for other life - bearing planets in the Universe by giving insights into how a distant , Earth - like alien world would appear to us , " said University of Maryland astronomer Michael A’Hearn , principal investigator for the Deep Impact extended mission , called EPOXI .
Deep Impact made history when the mission team directed an impactor from the spacecraft into comet Tempel 1 on July 4 , 2005 .
NASA recently extended the mission , redirecting the spacecraft for a flyby of comet Hartley 2 on Nov. 4 , 2010 .
EPOXI is a combination of the names for the two extended mission components : a search for alien ( extrasolar ) planets during the cruise to Hartley 2 , called Extrasolar Planet Observations and Characterization ( EPOCh ) , and the flyby of comet Hartley 2 , called the Deep Impact eXtended Investigation ( DIXI ) .
During a full Earth rotation , images obtained by Deep Impact at a 15 - minute cadence have been combined to make a color video .
During the video , the moon enters the frame ( because of its orbital motion ) and transits Earth , then leaves the frame .
Other spacecraft have imaged Earth and the moon from space , but Deep Impact is the first to show a transit of Earth with enough detail to see large craters on the moon and oceans and continents on Earth .
" To image Earth in a similar fashion , an alien civilization would need technology far beyond what Earthlings can even dream of building , " said Sara Seager , a planetary theorist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , Mass . , and a co-investigator on EPOXI .
" Nevertheless , planet - characterizing space telescopes under study by NASA would be able to observe an Earth twin as a single point of light -- a point whose total brightness changes with time as different land masses and oceans rotate in and out of view .
The video will help us connect a varying point of planetary light with underlying oceans , continents , and clouds -- and finding oceans on extrasolar planets means identifying potentially habitable worlds . " said Seager .
" Our video shows some specific features that are important for observations of Earth - like planets orbiting other stars , " said Drake Deming of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. Deming is deputy principal investigator for EPOXI , and leads the EPOCh observations .
" A ' sun glint ' can be seen in the movie , caused by light reflected from Earth 's oceans , and similar glints to be observed from extrasolar planets could indicate alien oceans .
Also , we used infrared light instead of the normal red light to make the color composite images , and that makes the land masses much more visible . "
That happens because plants reflect more strongly in the near - infrared , Deming explained .
Hence the video illustrates the potential for detecting vegetated land masses on extrasolar planets by looking for variations in the intensity of their near - infrared light as the planet rotates .
The University of Maryland is the Principal Investigator institution , leading the overall EPOXI mission , including the flyby of comet Hartley 2 . NASA Goddard leads the extrasolar planet observations .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , manages EPOXI for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
The spacecraft was built for NASA by Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. , Boulder , Colo .
Please note that these images appear at the largest possible resolution , having been taken from 31 million miles away and cropped from a much larger photograph : Videos without globe graphic :
WASHINGTON  A federal watchdog agency has decided to open a new examination into political hiring practices at the Justice Department , and the department is facing the first in what could be a series of lawsuits from lawyers who say they were rejected for elite jobs because of their liberal politics .
The developments were prompted by a major report last week by the Justice Department inspector general , which concluded that department officials illegally used “ political or ideological ” factors in picking lawyers for nonpartisan positions .
The Office of Special Counsel , an agency that investigates political interference in the federal workplace , let the Justice Department know this week that it would be examining the issues raised in the report “ to discuss what our next step should be , ” said James P. Mitchell , a spokesman for the office .
The special counsel has offered to work with the department “ to determine whether disciplinary action is warranted , ” Mr. Mitchell said .
The inspector general ’s report noted that two department officials who it said were largely responsible for the abuses in 2006 , Michael Elston and Esther Slater McDonald , could not face disciplinary action because both had left the department .
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
The U.S. government has taken Fulbright scholarships away from eight students in the Palestinian territory of Gaza , citing Israeli travel restrictions imposed on the Hamas - ruled zone , a U.S. official said Friday .
Israel maintains tight control of the border with Gaza in such checkpoints as the Erez Crossing , here in December .
The scholarships , which bring international students to the United States to study at American universities , will be given to students in the West Bank , said Stacey Barrios , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem .
Barrios said the scholarships were taken away because of restrictions that the Israeli government placed on travel in and out of Gaza .
Israel maintains tight control of the border with Gaza and has imposed an embargo on the movement of people and goods since Hamas took over the territory last year .
The Islamic movement has refused to recognize Israel 's right to exist , and Israel , the United States and the European Union have designated Hamas a terrorist organization .
U.S. officials are pressing Israel to give exit visas to Palestinians who have won Fulbright scholarships , State Department spokesman Tom Casey said Friday .
" We would think frankly that a decision to let people who have been vetted for what is perhaps the most prestigious foreign education program run by the United States , certainly the most prestigious one run by the U.S. government -- it ought to be falling off a log for them to do this , " Casey said .
" We certainly hope they will ultimately come forward with the necessary exit visas to be able to allow these individuals to go forward and continue on with their program . "
Fulbright winners need exit visas from Israel to go to the U.S. Consulate for an interview and then to travel to the United States .
Barrios said earlier that neither the State Department - sponsored Fulbright program nor any other U.S. government exchange program was being canceled for Gazans .
In a short letter from the consulate , the Gaza students were told that U.S. government would " not be able to finalize " their scholarships for 2008 and that they would need to apply again if they wanted to be considered in 2009 .
The American government has raised the issue of students being allowed to leave Gaza for study overseas repeatedly with Israeli officials .
Aryeh Mekel , a spokesman for the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said that security was the paramount concern when considering applications for Gaza residents to travel through Israel .
Mekel pointed to recent attacks on border crossings by Palestinian militants as evidence of Israel 's security concerns .
But he said the Israeli government had made a " special effort " to facilitate the travel of the Fulbright scholars and said that a few of them have been allowed to leave Gaza .
The U.S. Consulate in Jerusalem could not immediately verify that statement .
CNN 's Charley Keyes in Washington contributed to this report .
All About Gaza • Hamas • Israel
By Erica Davidson
Guest Blogger , [ GAS ]
We all know that non-verbal cues are key for landing the new IT director position or scoring a coveted promotion .
But did you know that the way you dress could be the most important non-verbal communication of all ?
It ’s true .
Dressing for success extends beyond the initial interview , or even the final offer .
Your personal appearance is a critical part of the impression you leave on others throughout your career .
Dressing like a “ nerd ” ( wearing WOW t- shirts , taped glasses and black socks with tennis shoes ) is a no - no that could leave you pigeon holed in the data center until retirement .
Not sure what to change ?
Not to worry .
Follow these simple tips to boost your earning potential .
They ’re easier than developing IP - routing proficiency , and can strategically influence your workplace status .
1- Communicate your commitment
Practice the professional image you want to project .
Dressing nicely will give you a sense of confidence , and self - assurance is a pretty hefty leverage tool when it comes to climbing the geek ’s corporate ladder .
In addition , your coworkers may measure your attention to detail by your personal grooming habits .
No one wants a support staff member with dog breath and sweat stains .
2- Play your personality
No one ’s asking you to be someone you ’re not .
If you ’re happy being relegated to the cubicle in the corner , by all means wear the shirt you slept in the night before .
But if you want to project yourself as a credible , knowledgeable source of information , step it up a notch .
My guess is that if you ’re reading this article , you ’re in the latter category .
If you ’re looking to communicate power and authority , adopt nonverbal signals of masculinity .
Choose somber clothing shapes and color , like dark shades and tailored items .
Stay away from pink , purple and bright green and blue dress shirts .
Want to paint yourself as fun , cooperative and team - oriented ?
Go more feminine .
Light colors , patterns and loose shapes will signal relaxation and tolerance .
If you want to showcase technical knowledge and experience , build your wardrobe with black and white pieces .
Black signals commitment , expertise and book smarts .
White is a sign of purity , compassion and wisdom ( look at the Pope ! ) .
3- Silently scream confidence and competence
Use proven and trusted non-verbal clues to interact with power players .
Look interviewers , coworkers and superiors in the eye .
Do n’t act nervous — tapping your foot , chewing your pencil , clipping your nails and picking your teeth are all on the how - to - get - demoted list .
Shake hands firmly , but do n’t be intimidating .
You should n’t cut off blood flow with your grip .
4- For goodness sake , listen !
Open minds and receptive ears are an important part of your non-verbal persona .
When someone else is talking , pay attention and make eye contact .
Nod your head when appropriate .
Repeat concepts back to the speaker to communicate acceptance and understanding .
In short , just because you ’re in a technical field does n’t mean you ca n’t use the techniques executives are known for employing .
Working the non-verbal game is a surefire way to help you get noticed , and to help your paychecks start increasing .
The issue I 'm speaking of is torture , a matter that we as a nation have frowned - upon since the beginning of this great democracy .
We are co-signatures against torture when we signed the resolution for the Geneva convention , and as a society , to know that " 44 % of Americans favor torture for terrorist suspects " - is disheartening and proof that Bush 's propaganda machine and the mechanics of " selling fear " - have been successful in the United States .
It 's time for people to tune - out Faux News and other Mainstream News outlets that publish the fear tactics of the White House and take a look into your own conscience and understand the implications of what advocating torture does to our reputation as a nation , the effects it will have on our own troops , and the moral and ethical consequences of allowing fear to overtake our common sense !
Poll : 44 % of Americans favor torture for terrorist suspects By Nick Juliano , Tuesday , 24 June 2008 Majority disapprove of torture , 1 in 10 favor in any instance A new poll of citizens ' attitudes about torture in 19 nations finds Americans among the most accepting of the practice .
Although a slight majority say torture should be universally prohibited , 44 percent think torture of terrorist suspects should be allowed , and more than one in 10 think torture should generally be allowed .
The findings of the WorldPublicOpinion.org poll put the United States alongside countries like Russia , Egypt and the Ukraine and lagging far behind allies like Great Britain , Spain and France in how its citizens view torture .
The poll found 53 percent of Americans believed all torture should be prohibited ; the average in all 19 countries polled was 57 percent .
MUCH MORE
As much as I despise John McCain , unless he has flip - flopped on that issue too , he was strongly against torture being used by the United States .
Why ?
Because McCain was a prisoner of war , and whether or not be was personally tortured I do n't know , but I 'm sure he could hear the screams of those who were , and has had ample time to communicate with other prisoners of war - and is acutely aware of what torture does to someone that is being held by the enemy for interrogation .
Furthermore , torture as an interrogation tool is essentially useless !
If you torture someone long enough , and the torture is extreme , anyone , including you or I , would admit to anything just to stop the pain .
I 'm not speculating on this issue , as it's a proven fact :
Extraordinary rendition From Obsidian
Wings : Let 's talk about torture .
As any professional can tell you , as an intelligence - gathering mechanism , it 's worse than useless .
Consider that commonly invoked scenario where terrorists have planted a nuclear device in a city , scanning for radiation is mysteriously not an option , and you have some prisoners in custody who may or may not know the location of the device .
Those who like the idea of torture always ask whether it would n't be justified to torture those prisoners for information .
The practical answer is no , it would n't .
Someone who 's being tortured will tell you anything , and they 'll suddenly develop a real talent for figuring out what exactly what you want to hear , and giving it to you in detail .
Using intelligence obtained under torture can actually lower your chances of finding that hypothetical device , because all your guys will be out there trying to track down fictional leads invented by your prisoners , instead of working on finding the device via conventional investigative methods .
MUCH MORE , A Great Article !
Also , to those that have daughters and sons that are fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq , and future wars that are likely to come , why should our enemies honor the Geneva Convention when the so - called " Premier Democracy " - of the world does n't adhere to its own beliefs and the rule of law ?
To support torture is to guarantee that when we do get in a conflict that requires re-implementation of the draft , we are guaranteeing that our own sons and daughters will also be tortured , and murdered as well , as have several recipients of torture under the Bush administration :
The Bush secret ruling on interrogation methods may explain the Justice Department 's passivity on torture cases .
The CIA Inspector General recommended that the Justice Department prosecute a CIA agent involved in the demise of an Iraqi detainee at Abu Ghraib .
As the New Yorker reported , Manadel al - Jamadi died during an interrogation during which his head was covered in a plastic bag and he was " shackled in a crucifixion - like pose that inhibited his ability to breathe . " -
This was one of at least eight cases the CIA referred for prosecution , including cases of homicides during CIA interrogations in Afghanistan and Iraq .
But the Justice Department refuses to prosecute any of the alleged torturers .
The feds cannot prosecute CIA agents without risking public disclosure of the presidential order authorizing the torture of detainees .
LINK
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
TIMETABLE FOR NUCLEAR ACCORD
Approval required from 45 - member Nuclear Suppliers Group Congress to approve deal before President Bush signs it into law All this to happen before Mr Bush 's tenure expires in January 2009
A group of nations that regulates global civilian nuclear trade has met to decide whether India can trade in sensitive nuclear materials .
A waiver from the 45 - nation Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) in the Austrian capital Vienna would help India finalise a nuclear deal with the US .
The UN nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency has already backed the controversial deal .
India 's government says the deal is vital to meet its energy demands .
Critics of the deal say it creates a dangerous precedent - allowing India access to fuel and technology without requiring it to sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) as other countries must do .
Banned Indian officials made a presentation to explain India 's policy to the NSG members on Thursday .
The meeting is expected to conclude on Friday .
Indian Foreign Secretary Shivshankar Menon declined to comment after the briefing .
Other participants described the atmosphere at the morning session as cordial .
Officials say that the NSG may need to meet at least two more times after Friday before a decision is finally reached .
The deal must also be ratified by the US Congress .
Indian PM Manmohan
Singh has described the deal as ' historic '
The deal would allow India to enter the world market in nuclear fuel and technology - as long as it is for civilian purposes .
It had previously been banned from doing so under the terms of a 30 - year embargo imposed because of its testing of atomic bombs and refusal to join the global NPT .
Under the terms of the accord , India would get access to US civilian nuclear technology and fuel .
In return , Delhi would open its civilian nuclear facilities to inspection - but its nuclear weapons sites would remain off - limits .
Correspondents say that 14 of India 's 22 existing or planned reactors would come under regular International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) surveillance if the deal goes ahead .
The US restricted nuclear co-operation with India after it first tested a nuclear weapon in 1974 .
Critics fear assistance to India 's civil programme could free - up additional radioactive material for bomb - making purposes .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
AMD / ATI launched a new series of professional graphics cards today under the brand name FirePro .
So far , the company has announced two card models .
The V3700 is an entry - level solution for CAD / CAM users on a budget , while the V5700 is a $ 599 midrange card that drops into the sizable gap between the $ 199 FireGL V3600 and the $ 999 FireGL V7600 .
Going forward , the FirePro product series will serve as a midrange complement to the already established FireGL line , but in this case , ATI has equipped the V5700 with a few features that were formerly only to be found on its highest - end solutions .
At $ 599 , the FirePro V5700 is some $ 400 cheaper than the FireGL V7600 but carries a comparable — and potentially superior — feature set .
Both cards are 512MB solutions backed by 320 stream processors , and while the 5700 lacks the double set of DualLink DVI outputs that the FireGL card carries , it offers two Display Port outputs instead .
The DisplayPort interface 's very existence is somewhat controversial , as HDMI offers many of the same features and is already well established in the marketplace , but DisplayPort - compatible monitors have already appeared on the market , courtesy of Dell and HP .
HP 's Dreamcolor merits a mention in particular , as it's currently the only 30 - bit color display on the consumer market .
At $ 3,299 and just 24 " it 's hardly an impulse buy , but both the display and the ATI cards that power it will undoubtedly find traction with businesses in need of such accurate color reproduction .
30 - bit displays and video cards have both existed for years but have typically been confined to grayscale medical imaging .
AMD is n't betting the farm on wide consumer uptake of DisplayPort and 30 - bit color , but believes its support for both features is an important technological advantage for its professional product line .
NVIDIA 's most recent GTX 200 series is also capable of 10 - bit color output , but we 've yet to see Quadro versions of these cards .
ATI 's FirePro lineup
There 's another bit of difference between the V5700 and the V7600 , though you wo n't see it listed on ATI 's chart .
While the V7600 is based on the original R600 GPU that powered the 2900XT , the V5700 is actually built on the RV730 .
We 've yet to see any consumer - level RV730 implementations , but this architecture is expected to power the Radeon HD 46 xx series of cards .
It 's impossible to judge relative performance between the two solutions without clockspeed data , but the V5700 could give the older V7600 a serious workout in applications that are n't memory - bandwidth limited .
The V5700 also retains the full UVD ( Universal Video Decode ) engine we 've come to expect in an ATI product , and while it 's not a must - have feature on a professional card , it 's a nice perk .
Stats on the budget - model V3700 are quite modest , but the card's $ 99 price point makes it the cheapest professional 3D solution on the market ; even the G84 - derived Quadro FX 370 is $ 119 over at NewEgg .
It 's impossible to draw any meaningful performance data out of what we know thus far — AMD 's benchmark results show its winning , natch , and performance characteristics in 2D are very different from what we 'd expect in 3D .
We do know that V3700 is powered by an RV620 GPU , which is the same GPU that 's used on the HD 3430 , 3450 , and 3470 Radeon cards .
Both the HD 3470 and the V3700 offer 15.2 GBps of memory bandwidth ; if we extrapolate core clock based on that , the V3700's 40 stream processors are running at 800MHz .
The Quadro FX 370 appears to be a G84 variant running at low clockspeeds .
The card apparently runs at just 360MHz core , with 400MHz memory .
That 's well below even the clockspeeds on the old G84 - based 8600 GT , and while a G84 - based part should offer 32 stream processor units , it 's not clear if all of these are functional in the FX 370 or not .
Numbers are one thing , performance data quite another , but ATI 's new entry card has a significant memory bandwidth advantage ( 15.2 GB /s vs. 6.4GB /s ) if nothing else .
Why the professional price premium ?
One last topic I want to touch on is the question of why anyone would bother to buy a professional 3D card in the first place .
ATI 's professional cards do offer a few features the desktop line does n't , but the cards themselves are running on the same GPUs .
The FireGL V7700 is a Radeon HD 3870 down to the letter , but it costs $ 919.99 where the HD 3870 was considered a bad deal above $ 270 , even at launch .
The Quadro FX 4600 is the spitting image of the old G80 - based GeForce 8800 GTX , but runs $ 1,459 at NewEgg .
Given the prevalence of driver - level " soft mods " that fool programs into thinking that they 're actually running on the professional version of a consumer card , why would anyone pay two to three times as much for the same exact silicon ?
ATI was n't all that interested in discussing driver hacks or software mods , but the company was more than happy to discuss why 3D professionals should ( and do ) favor the more expensive FireGL line over a run -of - the - mill Radeon .
The difference between the two cards , according to ATI , is in the level of support dedicated to application optimization .
In the case of a FireGL or FirePro product , ATI has software engineers that work in concert with application developers to deliver the best possible experience within that particular program .
Professional customer feedback and information is apparently treated very seriously , as are any bug reports or issues that arise .
The implication behind the explanation is that ATI sees the relationship between itself , its customers , and application developers as a three - way partnership , of sorts .
This level of support is significantly stronger than anything we see on the consumer level , and it 's apparently a significant part of why video solutions at this level are so expensive — consumers are buying into an ongoing relationship , rather than making a simple product purchase .
I did n't have the opportunity to talk to NVIDIA on the topic , but nothing in ATI 's answer suggested that these were facts that applied only to Team Red .
With its new FirePro products , AMD has pushed professional 3D prices down to virtual parity with desktop options , while simultaneously introducing a compelling solution into the gap between its $ 199 and $ 999 price points .
Hopefully , the company 's work pays off in sales , as AMD could badly use the available revenue .
Everyone who has paid attention knows that political leaders regard the U.S. Constitution as , at best , a nuisance , and as , in general , an intolerable impediment to their quest for unlimited power .
George W. Bush has become justly infamous for his outburst to an aide : “ Stop throwing the Constitution in my face .
It ’s just a goddamned piece of paper ! ”
A remarkably similar outburst occurred during government leaders ’ deliberations with regard to forcibly removing persons of Japanese ancestry from a huge swath of the West coast states and confining them in concentration camps .
In a meeting on February 1 , 1942 , Assistant Secretary of War John J. McCloy bridled at what he took to be Justice Department criticism of the Army , telling Attorney General Francis Biddle : “ You are putting a Wall Street lawyer in a helluva box , but if it is a question of safety of the country , [ or ] the Constitution of the United States , why the Constitution is just a scrap of paper to me . ”
Notice that Bush ’s outburst came during a discussion of the USA Patriot Act , and McCloy ’s during a discussion of removing and confining persons alleged ( but not proven ) to pose a threat to national security .
Notice further that the USA Patriot Act was never necessary for the protection of the country , and neither was the action to remove and confine the Japanese and Japanese - Americans .
Existing laws and legal due process would have sufficed to deal with the prevailing conditions in both cases .
The government in the early 1940s and again in recent years simply grabbed and exercised great powers while the public , ignorant of the true situation , allowed its groundless fears and ethnic prejudices to dominate its thinking .
In every such national emergency , precisely when constitutional restraints on the government are most desperately needed , the Constitution becomes nothing but a scrap of paper .
Government leaders understand this fact , and they speak and act accordingly .
( My source for the quotation from McCloy is Kai Bird , The Chairman : John J. McCloy , the Making of the American Establishment ( New York : Simon and Schuster , 1992 ) , pp. 149-50 . )
JUST two months ago , Reba Meagher launched a campaign to beat binge drinking but last week the Health Minister seemed to forget her message and , by her own admission , had a drink too many at a Sydney bar .
After several drinks , the minister left a city bar , The Ivy , in a taxi with her boyfriend , the former Channel Nine reporter Adam Walters , forgetting to tell her parliamentary driver he could go home .
The driver waited for her all night in the basement of Governor Macquarie Tower but Ms Meagher 's staff maintain it was not her alcohol consumption but a breakdown in communication that forced her driver to sleep in his car .
Deb Wot , a teacher in the Northwest Territories , and I were exchanging emails about US and Canadian demographics last week .
Her blog is Making Sense of my World .
We were discussing a dynamic demographic chart from the US census bureau .
The chart shows a population pyramid every year from 1950 through 2050 in 5 year increments .
Everything past 2005 is a projection .
Here are four snapshots , 30 years apart .
Demographics 1950
click on chart for sharper image
Demographics 1980
Demographics 2010
Demographics 2040
The charts are interesting but to put things into perspective , I wanted to see workers vs. non-workers and workers vs. pensioners .
Given that the US and Canada break things down in 5 year increments , the logical breakdowns seem to be :
Youth : Age 0-19
Workers : Age 20 - 64
Pensioners : Age 65 and up
The dynamic chart has a provision for extracting data .
I also have an Excel spreadsheet of demographic data from Canada that Deb Wot extracted from a Canadian source .
Deb commented :
I looked closer at the numbers for Canada versus US , in particular the ratio of working age to senior age and I do n't like what I see at all .
The trend simply looks disastrous to me .
With that in mind , I contacted my friend Nick at Sharelynx Gold to see if he could make some charts for us .
Nick was kind enough to oblige .
Here are some interesting charts of US and Canadian demographics .
US Population Demographics
click on chart for sharper image
Canada Population Demographics
click on chart for sharper image
Ratio of Workers to Non-Workers
click on chart for sharper image
Ratio of Workers to Pensioners
click on chart for sharper image
The charts show the ratio of workers to non-workers will peak within the next 4 years or so in both the US and Canada .
Workers vs. pensioners in the US is peaking now .
Workers vs. pensioners in Canada has already peaked .
Fewer workers , making less money than their parents will be supporting both social security and more importantly medical expenses ( Medicare ) for retirees .
Retirees who think home prices will keep financing retirement , need to start thinking again .
Home prices are falling and will likely continue to fall for another four years or so .
That statement is based on logic presented in the following articles :
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
2 Bed , 2.5 Bath $ 2000
Lovely brand new townhouse for rent in 40220 !
On the first floor you will love the open floorplan !
With solid surface counter tops and all stainless steel appliances in the kitchen , this open space in ...
This paper compares four computer programming languages ( Ada95 , C , C++ , and Java ) with the requirements of " Steelman " , the original 1978 requirements document for the Ada computer programming language .
This paper provides a view of the capabilities of each of these languages , and should help those trying to understand their technical similarities , differences , and capabilities .
In 1975 the U.S. Department of Defense ( DoD ) established a " Common High Order Language " program with the goal of establishing a single high order computer programming language appropriate for DoD embedded computer systems .
A High Order Language Working Group ( HOLWG ) was established to formulate the DoD requirements for high order languages , to evaluate existing languages against those requirements , and to implement the minimal set of languages required for DoD use .
The requirements were widely distributed for comment throughout the military and civil communities , producing successively more refined versions from Strawman through Woodenman , Tinman , Ironman , and finally Steelman .
Steelman was released in June 1978 [ DoD 1978 ] .
An electronic version of Steelman is available at " http://www.adahome.com/History/Steelman/intro.htm " .
The original version of the Ada computer programming language was designed to comply with the Steelman requirements .
Today there are a number of high order languages in commercial and military use , including Ada95 , C , C++ , and Java .
I thought it would be an interesting and enlightening exercise to compare these languages to Steelman ; this paper provides the results of this exercise .
Other comparisons of these languages do exist ( for example , [ Sutherland 1996 , Seidewitz 1996 ] ) , but none use the Steelman requirements as a basis .
This paper compares four computer programming languages ( Ada95 , C , C++ , and Java ) with the requirements of " Steelman " .
The paper first describes the rules used in this comparison of these four languages with Steelman .
This is followed by conclusions summarizing how each language compares to Steelman .
After the references is a large table , the " meat " of this paper , showing how each of these languages compare to each of the Steelman requirements .
This paper does not attempt to determine if the Steelman requirements are still relevant .
In the author 's opinion , most of the Steelman requirements are still desirable for general - purpose computer languages when both efficiency and reliability are important concerns .
Steelman is no doubt incomplete ; in particular , object - orientation is not a Steelman requirement but is widely considered desirable .
However , desirability and completeness need not be true for this comparison to be useful , because this paper simply uses Steelman as a framework for examining technical issues of these computer languages .
Steelman is a useful framework because it was widely reviewed and is technically detailed .
The primary rule used in this paper is that a language provides a feature if :
Features that are only provided by a single implementation , or are defined but cannot be depended upon across the most commonly used implementations , are not considered to be part of the language .
Examples of features that cannot be depended on are features which are often unimplemented , implemented incorrectly on widely - used compilers , or implemented with significantly differing semantics .
Subset compilers for research or student work are not considered unless they are widely used by users of that language .
One area where some " benefit of the doubt " is given is for C++ templates .
C++ templates are part of the C++ language definition , but current C++ compilers implement templates with different semantics [ FSF 1995 ] and with different levels of quality [ OMG 1995 ] .
As a result , C++ templates are currently difficult to use in a portable way .
Still , credit is given for C++ templates since the intent is clear and they can be used today ( with trouble ) on most compilers .
The defining documents used for each of these languages are as follows :
The appendix shows how well each language supports each Steelman requirement .
The following table shows the number of Steelman requirements met by each language .
The leftmost column shows the name of the language .
The next columns are the number of requirements the language does not meet , only partially meets , mostly meets , and completely meets .
The final column shows the percentage of Steelman requirements mostly or completely met by the language .
Note that Ada meets the most , followed by Java , C++ , and C in that order .
The Java and C++ percentages are probably too close to be considered significantly different .
Caution is warranted , since differing percentages of " yes " values do not necessarily imply that a particular language is more suitable than another for a given specific task .
Note that the original version of Ada was specifically designed to meet the Steelman requirements , while none of the other languages were specifically designed to do so , so it is expected that Ada would meet more of the Steelman requirements than the rest .
Also , all of these languages have capabilities that are not Steelman requirements .
For example , direct support for object - orientation is a feature of Ada , C++ , and Java , but is not a Steelman requirement .
Readers should use this comparison to gain additional understanding of each of these different languages , and determine which " yes " and " no " values are of importance to them .
The following are high - level remarks comparing each language to Steelman based on the table in the appendix , including remarks on the language support for reliability ( requirement 1B ) :
Again , users of this paper should apply caution ; differing percentages of " yes " values and capabilities do not necessarily imply that a particular language is more suitable than another for a given specific task .
Readers should examine each answer and determine which " yes " and " no " values are of importance to them .
This information is intended to help readers gain additional understanding of each of these different languages .
** This paper is not endorsed by , and does not necessarily represent the views of , the Institute for Defense Analyses ( IDA ) , the U.S. Department of Defense ( DoD ) , or the U.S. Government .
I am grateful to Michael Kappel , Magnus Kempe , and James Kuehn for their constructive comments .
In this table , the left - hand column gives the Steelman requirement .
The next four columns show how well Ada , C , C++ , and Java meet this requirement .
An entry of " yes " indicates that the language and its major implementations generally meet the requirement , while a " no " indicates that requirement is generally not met .
There are two intermediate entries : " partial " indicates some of the requirement is met , but a significant portion ( or intent ) of the requirement is not met , " mostly " indicates that the requirement is generally met , but some specific capability of the requirement is not fully met .
Underneath the columns for each language is commentary explaining these entries .
I have tried to be fair to all of these languages .
Nevertheless , some of these entries , particularly in section 1 , are judgement calls .
Readers are encouraged to revisit each entry ( particularly in section 1 ) , compare each language , and draw their own conclusions .
Items which I felt are particularly questionable have been marked with a question mark ( " ? " ) .
Requirement Ada C C++ Java
1A . Generality .
The language shall provide generality only to the extent necessary to satisfy the needs of embedded computer applications .
Such applications involve real time control , self diagnostics , input - output to nonstandard peripheral devices , parallel processing , numeric computation , and file processing .
yes yes yes partial
Java can't directly control hardware ; Java programs must declare native methods and implement such operations in another language .
1B . Reliability .
The language should aid the design and development of reliable programs .
The language shall be designed to avoid error prone features and to maximize automatic detection of programming errors .
The language shall require some redundant , but not duplicative , specifications in programs .
Translators shall produce explanatory diagnostic and warning messages , but shall not attempt to correct programming errors .
yes no partial ?
mostly ?
Ada requires separate specifications for all modules other than stand - alone subprograms .
C and C++ contain many well - known traps ( = vs. == , & vs. && , premature semicolon in control structures , fall - through behavior in switch statements when " break " is omitted ) ; some were removed or made less likely in Java but others were not .
C permits separate specifications ( through prototypes ) but are optional ; function names are globally accessible by default and can be incorrectly redefined .
C++ supports separate specifications and has a slightly tighter type system than C .
Also , good use of C++'s object - oriented features should increase the likelihood of compile - time detection of some kinds of errors .
Java automatically generates specifications ( as opposed to using redundant specifications ) .
C and C++ do little checking at run-time .
Both Ada and Java perform a number of run-time checks ( e.g. bounds checking and checks for null values ) to detect errors early .
1C . Maintainability .
The language should promote ease of program maintenance .
It should emphasize program readability ( i.e. , clarity , understandability , and modifiability of programs ) .
The language should encourage user documentation of programs .
It shall require explicit specification of programmer decisions and shall provide defaults only for instances where the default is stated in the language definition , is always meaningful , reflects the most frequent usage in programs , and may be explicitly overridden .
yes ?
partial ?
partial ?
mostly ?
Ada was originally designed with readability in mind .
C was not , and can easily be ( ab) used to make impenetrable code .
C ( and hence C++ and Java ) includes a great deal of terse notation which reduces readability ( e.g. the " for " loop notation , using " && " instead of " and " , and operators such as " < < " ) .
C++'s object - oriented features , if used , are likely to improve maintainability ( because they force interfaces to be defined and used ) .
Java 's document comments ( //* ) and standard documentation conventions aid in readability .
Note that " readability " of a programming language is extremely subjective - well - structured programs can be read and maintained in any language by someone who knows the language , and no language can prevent all poor approaches .
At issue in this requirement is how strongly the language encourages readable and maintainable code .
1D . Efficiency .
The language design should aid the production of efficient object programs .
Constructs that have unexpectedly expensive implementations should be easily recognizable by translators and by users .
Features should be chosen to have a simple and efficient implementation in many object machines , to avoid execution costs for available generality where it is not needed , to maximize the number of safe optimizations available to translators , and to ensure that unused and constant portions of programs will not add to execution costs .
Execution time support packages of the language shall not be included in object code unless they are called .
yes yes yes partial ?
Ada functions returning unbounded size objects usually have hidden extra efficiency costs ( access types can be used where this is important ) .
C++ implicit conversion operations may be activated in situations not easily recognizable by its users .
C/C++ pointer arithmetic and aliasing prohibit some optimizations .
Java 's garbage collection raises questions about efficiency and guaranteed timing , especially in real - time systems .
1E . Simplicity .
The language should not contain unnecessary complexity .
It should have a consistent semantic structure that minimizes the number of underlying concepts .
It should be as small as possible consistent with the needs of the intended applications .
It should have few special cases and should be composed from features that are individually simple in their semantics .
The language should have uniform syntactic conventions and should not provide several notations for the same concept .
No arbitrary restriction should be imposed on a language feature .
yes yes mostly yes
Ada includes both Ada 83's discriminated records and the newer ( OO ) tagged types ( these have many similarities ) .
C is a very simple language ( though not necessarily simple to use ) .
C++ has C operations and its own operations ( new / delete vs. malloc / free , cout vs. printf ) .
1 F . Implementability .
The language shall be composed from features that are understood and can be implemented .
The semantics of each feature should be sufficiently well specified and understandable that it will be possible to predict its interaction with other features .
To the extent that it does not interfere with other requirements , the language shall facilitate the production of translators that are easy to implement and are efficient during translation .
There shall be no language restrictions that are not enforceable by translators .
yes yes yes yes
All of these languages have been reasonably implemented .
1G . Machine Independence .
The design of the language should strive for machine independence .
It shall not dictate the characteristics of object machines or operating systems except to the extent that such characteristics are implied by the semantics of control structures and built - in operations .
It shall attempt to avoid features whose semantics depend on characteristics of the object machine or of the object machine operating system .
Nevertheless , there shall be a facility for defining those portions of programs that are dependent on the object machine configuration and for conditionally compiling programs depending on the actual configuration .
yes yes yes yes
Approaches differ .
Ada includes a number of mechanisms to query the underlying configuration ( such as bit ordering conventions ) and C/ C++ include some querying mechanisms .
Conditional compilation in Ada and Java is handled through " if ( constant ) " statements ( this does not permit conditional compilation in cases where " if " statements are not permitted ) .
Java has few mechanisms for querying the underlying configuration and imposes requirements on bit length and semantics of numeric types that must be supported .
Java strives for machine independence by hiding the underlying machine .
1H . Complete Definition .
The language shall be completely and unambiguously defined .
To the extent that a formal definition assists in achieving the above goals ( i.e. , all of section 1 ) , the language shall be formally defined .
yes yes yes yes
2A . Character Set .
The full set of character graphics that may be used in source programs shall be given in the language definition .
Every source program shall also have a representation that uses only the following 55 character subset of the ASCII graphics : %&'( )*+,-./:;<=>?
0123456789 ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ_
Each additional graphic ( i.e. , one in the full set but not in the 55 character set ) may be replaced by a sequence of ( one or more ) characters from the 55 character set without altering the semantics of the program .
The replacement sequence shall be specified in the language definition .
yes mostly ( trigraphs and digraphs ) mostly ( trigraphs and digraphs ) no
C , C++ , and Java usually use a number of characters ( such as { , } , [ , ] , and # ) that are not available on some European terminals ( which only offer the seven - bit ISO 646 character set and use these positions for accented characters ) .
C added trigraphs to help European users , but trigraphs are horrible to use in practice .
Normative Addition 1 to C added digraphs and the < iso646.h > header in an attempt to make C easier to use in such cases ; while somewhat improved , such programs are still more difficult to read .
Note that supporting restricted character sets is becoming less important as old 7 - bit European terminals disappear , and restrictions to support upper - case - only users are now irrelevant .
2B . Grammar .
The language should have a simple , uniform , and easily parsed grammar and lexical structure .
The language shall have free form syntax and should use familiar notations where such use does not conflict with other goals .
yes yes partial yes
C has a few cases where parser state dependent feedback to the lexical analyzer is necessary ( e.g. typedef , preprocessor tokenization ) .
C++ is more difficult to parse because it is n't LALR ( 1 ) .
Java is n't really LALR ( 1 ) either , but known techniques make it so it can be handled as though it is LALR ( 1 ) .
2C . Syntactic Extensions .
The user shall not be able to modify the source language syntax .
In particular the user shall not be able to introduce new precedence rules or to define new syntactic forms .
yes no no yes
C/C++ preprocessor can be used to create some ( obscure ) syntactic forms .
A preprocessor ( such as cpp or m4 ) can be used with any language , including Ada and Java , but neither include a preprocessor in their definition .
2D . Other Syntactic Issues .
Multiple occurrences of a language defined symbol appearing in the same context shall not have essentially different meanings .
Lexical units ( i.e. , identifiers , reserved words , single and multicharacter symbols , numeric and string literals , and comments ) may not cross line boundaries of a source program .
All key word forms that contain declarations or statements shall be bracketed ( i.e. , shall have a closing as well as an opening key word ) .
Programs may not contain unmatched brackets of any kind .
yes mostly mostly mostly
C comments ( also supported by C++ ) cross multiple lines .
C, C++ , and Java do n't have " closing " key words , but use matching opening and closing braces .
Matching braces have the advantage of being easy to type and support with text editors , but permit errors in maintenance when the " wrong " matching braces are used .
2E . Mnemonic Identifiers .
Mnemonically significant identifiers shall be allowed .
There shall be a break character for use within identifiers .
The language and its translators shall not permit identifiers or reserved words to be abbreviated .
( Note that this does not preclude reserved words that are abbreviations of natural language words . ) yes yes yes yes
All support this .
Note that Ada is case - insensitive , while C , C++ , and Java identifiers are case - sensitive .
2 F . Reserved Words .
The only reserved words shall be those that introduce special syntactic forms ( such as control structures and declarations ) or that are otherwise used as delimiters .
Words that may be replaced by identifiers , shall not be reserved ( e.g. , names of functions , types , constants , and variables shall not be reserved ) .
All reserved words shall be listed in the language definition .
yes yes yes yes
2G. Numeric Literals .
There shall be built - in decimal literals .
There shall be no implicit truncation or rounding of integer and fixed point literals .
yes mostly mostly yes
All support numeric literals for integers .
C and C++ permit implicit rounding , though many compilers will catch this .
Only Ada directly supports fixed point numbers ( see 3 - 1G ) .
2H . String Literals .
There shall be a built - in facility for fixed length string literals .
String literals shall be interpreted as one - dimensional character arrays .
yes yes yes mostly
Java String and String_Buffer are considered special types , not one - dimensional character arrays .
2I . Comments .
The language shall permit comments that are introduced by a special ( one or two character ) symbol and terminated by the next line boundary of the source program .
yes no yes yes
Only C lacks comments automatically terminated by the end of line .
Note that in practice , many C compilers share the preprocessor with C++ and can permit //- style comments with special compilation options , but this is not permitted portably by the C standard .
3A . Strong Typing .
The language shall be strongly typed .
The type of each variable , array and record component , expression , function , and parameter shall be determinable during translation .
yes partial mostly yes
Note that C and C++ have compile - time types but both are more weakly typed .
Typedef does not define a new type , just a name synonym .
A pointer to an array of objects is considered equivalent to a pointer to an object .
In C , enumerations are considered identical to int , while in C++ enumerations are different types .
3B . Type Conversions .
The language shall distinguish the concepts of type ( specifying data elements with common properties , including operations ) , subtype ( i.e. , a subset of the elements of a type , that is characterized by further constraints ) , and representations ( i.e. , implementation characteristics ) .
There shall be no implicit conversions between types .
Explicit conversion operations shall be automatically defined between types that are characterized by the same logical properties .
yes no partial ?
partial ?
C , C++ , and Java do not have subtypes ( types with additional constraints ) for primitive types ( such as int or float ) .
Class structures can be used in C++ and Java to implement additional constraints on classes .
C and C++ have some representation control using bitfield locations ; this is not considered separate from the type .
C and C++ have a number of implicit conversions .
3C . Type Definitions .
It shall be possible to define new data types in programs .
A type may be defined as an enumeration , an array or record type , an indirect type , an existing type , or a subtype of an existing type .
It shall be possible to process type definitions entirely during translation .
An identifier may be associated with each type .
No restriction shall be imposed on user defined types unless it is imposed on all types .
yes mostly mostly mostly
C and C++ do n't have subtypes .
Java does n't have subtypes or enumerated types ; see 3B and 3 - 2A .
3D . Subtype Constraints .
The constraints that characterize subtypes shall include range , precision , scale , index ranges , and user defined constraints .
The value of a subtype constraint for a variable may be specified when the variable is declared .
The language should encourage such specifications .
[ Note that such specifications can aid the clarity , efficiency , maintainability , and provability of programs . ] mostly no no no
Ada supports user definition of range , precision , scale , and index ranges , but does not directly support arbitrary user - defined constraints .
With effort constructors and operations in C++ and Java could be used to enforce constraints .
3 - 1A . Numeric Values .
The language shall provide distinct numeric types for exact and for approximate computation .
Numeric operations and assignment that would cause the most significant digits of numeric values to be truncated ( e.g. , when overflow occurs ) shall constitute an exception situation .
yes partial ?
partial ?
partial ?
All support integers and floats .
C , C++ , and Java do n't raise exceptions on integer overflow .
C/C++ implementations often define ways to handle IEEE floating point exceptions .
Java does throw an exception for division by zero .
The question marks are noted because it's not clear how much a penalty should be assessed for this .
3 - 1B . Numeric Operations .
There shall be built - in operations ( i.e. , functions ) for conversion between the numeric types .
There shall be operations for addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , negation , absolute value , and exponentiation to integer powers for each numeric type .
There shall be built - in equality ( i.e. , equal and unequal ) and ordering operations ( i.e. , less than , greater than , less than or equal , and greater than or equal ) between elements of each numeric type .
Numeric values shall be equal if and only if they have exactly the same abstract value .
yes mostly mostly mostly
In C , C++ , and Java the exponentiation operator is pow ( ) , not the usual infix operator , and the built - in operation only takes arguments of type double ( not int ) .
C provides an absolute value function for int but not double .
3 - 1C . Numeric Variables .
The range of each numeric variable must be specified in programs and shall be determined by the time of its allocation .
Such specifications shall be interpreted as the minimum range to be implemented and as the maximum range needed by the application .
Explicit conversion operations shall not be required between numeric ranges .
yes yes yes yes
Counting built - in types ( such as " Integer " or " int " ) as specifying a range , all of these languages do so to some extent .
C , C++ and Java do not support user - defined numeric ranges ( see 3D ) .
3 - 1D . Precision .
The precision ( of the mantissa ) of each expression result and variable in approximate computations must be specified in programs , and shall be determinable during translation .
Precision specifications shall be required for each such variable .
Such specifications shall be interpreted as the minimum accuracy ( not significance ) to be implemented .
Approximate results shall be implicitly rounded to the implemented precision .
Explicit conversions shall not be required between precisions .
yes partial partial mostly
The standards for C and C++ define the minimum precision of double and float , but no control over actual precision .
Java defines specific precisions for double and float , and no other control over precision .
3 - 1E . Approximate Arithmetic Implementation .
Approximate arithmetic will be implemented using the actual precisions , radix , and exponent range available in the object machine .
There shall be built - in operations to access the actual precision , radix , and exponent range of the implementation .
yes yes yes no
Ada makes the precision , radix , and exponent range available through language - defined attributes .
C and C++ make these available through < float .h >.
Java defines these in the language itself .
Java requires IEEE arithmetic semantics ( with specific options ) to be used , regardless of the underlying machine 's floating point mechanisms .
3 - 1 F . Integer and Fixed Point Numbers .
Integer and fixed point numbers shall be treated as exact numeric values .
There shall be no implicit truncation or rounding in integer and fixed point computations .
yes partial partial mostly
C , C++ , and Java do n't support fixed point numbers .
C++ and Java classes could be used to build fixed point functionality .
C and C++ permit implicit truncation in integer computations .
3 - 1G . Fixed Point Scale .
The scale or step size ( i.e. , the minimal representable difference between values ) of each fixed point variable must be specified in programs and be determinable during translation .
Scales shall not be restricted to powers of two .
yes no no no
No built - in fixed point support in C , C++ , or Java .
3 - 1H . Integer and Fixed Point Operations .
There shall be integer and fixed point operations for modulo and integer division and for conversion between values with different scales .
All built - in and predefined operations for exact arithmetic shall apply between arbitrary scales .
Additional operations between arbitrary scales shall be definable within programs .
yes no no no
All support " modulo " operators ; C , C++ , and Java do n't support fixed point numbers .
3 - 2A . Enumeration Type Definitions .
There shall be types that are definable in programs by enumeration of their elements .
The elements of an enumeration type may be identifiers or character literals .
Each variable of an enumeration type may be restricted to a contiguous subsequence of the enumeration .
yes mostly mostly no
Java does n't support enumerations .
C enumerations are weakly typed ( integers can be freely assigned to them ) ; C++ tightens this slightly ( but still permits quiet conversions from enum to int ) .
C and C++ only permit identifiers ( not character constants ) as enumeration elements .
Neither C nor C++ support sub-sequences .
3 - 2B . Operations on Enumeration Types .
Equality , inequality , and the ordering operations shall be automatically defined between elements of each enumeration type .
Sufficient additional operations shall be automatically defined so that the successor , predecessor , the position of any element , and the first and last element of the type may be computed .
yes mostly ?
mostly ?
no
C and C++ do n't have operations to determine the first and last enumerated value .
3 - 2C . Boolean Type .
There shall be a predefined type for Boolean values .
yes no yes yes
C does n't have a " bool " type ; C++'s bool type is weakly typed .
Both Ada's and Java 's boolean type is fully distinct from their integer types .
3 - 2D . Character Types .
Character sets shall be definable as enumeration types .
Character types may contain both printable and control characters .
The ASCII character set shall be predefined .
yes yes yes partial
All languages have a predefined character type , though it 's not necessarily considered an enumerated type .
C and C++ enumeration types can be used to create " character sets " , though this is rarely done .
Java lacks enumeration types .
3 - 3A . Composite Type Definitions .
It shall be possible to define types that are Cartesian products of other types .
Composite types shall include arrays ( i.e. , composite data with indexable components of homogeneous types ) and records ( i.e. , composite data with labeled components of heterogeneous type ) .
yes yes yes yes
All have arrays and records ( Java and C++ classes may be used as records ) .
3 - 3B . Component Specifications .
For elements of composite types , the type of each component ( i.e. , field ) must be explicitly specified in programs and determinable during translation .
Components may be of any type ( including array and record types ) .
Range , precision , and scale specifications shall be required for each component of appropriate numeric type .
yes yes yes yes
Range , precision , and scale specifications are included in numeric type definitions ( with support varying , see 3 - 1 ) .
3 - 3C . Operations on Composite Types .
A value accessing operation shall be automatically defined for each component of composite data elements .
Assignment shall be automatically defined for components that have alterable values .
A constructor operation ( i.e. , an operation that constructs an element of a type from its constituent parts ) shall be automatically defined for each composite type .
An assignable component may be used anywhere in a program that a variable of the component 's type is permitted .
There shall be no automatically defined equivalence operations between values of elements of a composite type .
yes yes yes yes
The " constructor " meant here is simply the ability to declare or allocate a value of the given type , which all support .
Ada , C++ , and Java provide more sophisticated control over construction .
3 - 3D . Array Specifications .
Arrays that differ in number of dimensions or in component type shall be of different types .
The range of subscript values for each dimension must be specified in programs and may be determinable at the time of array allocation .
The range of each subscript value must be restricted to a contiguous sequence of integers or to a contiguous sequence from an enumeration type .
yes mostly mostly mostly
C , C++ , and Java array indexes may only start at zero and cannot use enumerations to define array subscripts .
In C enumerations may be used to access array elements .
In C++ enumerations can be cast into int's to access array values , while Java has no enumeration types .
3 - 3E . Operations on Subarrays .
There shall be built - in operations for value access , assignment , and catenation of contiguous sections of one - dimensional arrays of the same component type .
The results of such access and catenation operations may be used as actual input parameter .
yes no no no
C and C++'s memcpy and memcmp can be used to do some of these operations using an extremely low - level interface .
C , C++ , and Java do not have array concatenation operators ( Java has a string concatenator as a special case ) .
3 - 3 F . Nonassignable Record Components .
It shall be possible to declare constants and ( unary ) functions that may be thought of as record components and may be referenced using the same notation as for accessing record components .
Assignment shall not be permitted to such components .
no no yes yes
C++ and Java classes can include constants ( and functions ) .
3 - 3G . Variants .
It shall be possible to define types with alternative record structures ( i.e. , variants ) .
The structure of each variant shall be determinable during translation .
yes yes yes yes
Java and C++ class structures can be used to simulate at run time the typical uses of variants .
C and C++ also permit " unions " to define types with alternative record structures without tag fields .
3 - 3H . Tag Fields .
Each variant must have a nonassignable tag field ( i.e. , a component that can be used to discriminate among the variants during execution ) .
It shall not be possible to alter a tag field without replacing the entire variant .
yes no yes yes
Java operations ( e.g. instanceof ) and C++ RTTI can be used to simulate typical uses of tag fields .
Note that C unions do not have automatic tag fields .
3 - 3I . Indirect Types .
It shall be possible to define types whose elements are indirectly accessed .
Elements of such types may have components of their own type , may have substructure that can be altered during execution , and may be distinct while having identical component values .
Such types shall be distinguishable from other composite types in their definitions .
An element of an indirect type shall remain allocated as long as it can be referenced by the program .
[ Note that indirect types require pointers and sometimes heap storage in their implementation . ] yes yes yes yes
Ada access values , C/C++ pointers , and Java object references support this .
Note that Java requires garbage collection and Ada permits garbage collection as an option ( with a pragma for controlling it ) .
C/C++ implementations usually do not include garbage collection , although conservative garbage collection systems for C/C++ are available .
C and C++ permit pointers which reference deallocated storage .
Ada programs using Unchecked_Deallocation may reference deallocated storage .
3 - 3J . Operations on Indirect Types .
Each execution of the constructor operation for an indirect type shall create a distinct element of the type .
An operation that distinguishes between different elements , an operation that replaces all of the component values of an element without altering the element 's identity , and an operation that produces a new element having the same component values as its argument , shall be automatically defined for each indirect type .
yes yes yes mostly
Note that the " constructor " mentioned here is " new " ( in Ada , C++ , and Java ) or " malloc " ( in C or C++ ) .
Note that Ada , C++ , and Java ( but not C ) provide additional control over constructors .
Copying is n't defined automatically in Java .
3 - 4A . Bit Strings ( i.e. , Set Types ) .
It shall be possible to define types whose elements are one - dimensional Boolean arrays represented in maximally packed form ( i.e , whose elements are sets ) .
yes partial ?
yes yes
In Ada , declare a packed array of boolean values .
In C , short bit strings can be handled using " int " or " long " , but longer bit strings are best handled through user - defined functions or macros .
In C++ , use the STL template class bitset ( for short ones , use bitmask ) .
In Java , use class BitSet in package " java.util " .
3 - 4B . Bit String Operations .
Set construction , membership ( i.e. , subscription ) , set equivalence and nonequivalence , and also complement , intersection , union , and symmetric difference ( i.e. , component - by - component negation , conjunction , inclusive disjunction , and exclusive disjunction respectively ) operations shall be defined automatically for each set type .
yes partial ?
yes mostly
In C , such operations can be easily created with the built - in operations when there are sizeof ( long ) or fewer bits ; longer bit strings are typically handled by user - defined functions or macros .
Java BitSet does n't have a group negation ( " not " ) operation .
3 - 5A . Encapsulated Definitions .
It shall be possible to encapsulate definitions .
An encapsulation may contain declarations of anything ( including the data elements and operations comprising a type ) that is definable in programs .
The language shall permit multiple explicit instantiations of an encapsulation .
yes yes yes yes
Ada 's unit of encapsulation is the package .
C's is the " .h " file .
C++'s are classes and " .h " files .
Java's is the class .
3 - 5B . Effect of Encapsulation .
An encapsulation may be used to inhibit external access to implementation properties of the definition .
In particular , it shall be possible to prevent external reference to any declaration within the encapsulation including automatically defined operations such as type conversions and equality .
Definitions that are made within an encapsulation and are externally accessible may be renamed before use outside the encapsulation .
yes partial yes yes
C encapsulation requires extreme discipline using the " static " keyword ( the default is to make everything globally accessible ) .
C++ more strongly supports encapsulation when classes and the private modifier are used .
3 - 5C . Own Variables .
Variables declared within an encapsulation , but not within a function , procedure , or process of the encapsulation , shall remain allocated and retain their values throughout the scope in which the encapsulation is instantiated .
yes yes yes yes
4A . Form of Expressions .
The parsing of correct expressions shall not depend on the types of their operands or on whether the types of the operands are built into the language .
yes yes yes yes
4B . Type of Expressions .
It shall be possible to specify the type of any expression explicitly .
The use of such specifications shall be required only where the type of the expression cannot be uniquely determined during translation from the context of its use ( as might be the case with a literal ) .
yes yes yes yes
Ada qualifiers do this .
C , C++ , and Java " casts " can do this , but may also quietly invoke a conversion operation .
4C . Side Effects .
The language shall attempt to minimize side effects in expressions , but shall not prohibit all side effects .
A side effect shall not be allowed if it would alter the value of a variable that can be accessed at the point of the expression .
Side effects shall be limited to own variables of encapsulations .
The language shall permit side effects that are necessary to instrument functions and to do storage management within functions .
The order of side effects within an expression shall not be guaranteed .
[ Note that the latter implies that any program that depends on the order of side effects is erroneous . ] mostly partial mostly mostly
All permit side effects beyond their own variables of encapsulation ( e.g. global variables or other objects can be affected ) .
C encourages this , and combined with macros can cause unexpected results ( e.g. " putchar ( * p + + ) " ) .
Such use is not necessarily considered erroneous in C / C ++. C++ permits the same effects , though due to other language features ( such as OO features ) they tend to receive less use .
4D . Allowed Usage .
Expressions of a given type shall be allowed wherever both constants and variables of the type are allowed .
yes yes yes yes
4E . Translation Time Expressions .
Expressions that can be evaluated during translation shall be permitted wherever literals of the type are permitted .
Translation time expressions that include only literals and the use of translation time facilities ( see 11C ) shall be evaluated during translation .
yes yes yes yes
C , C++ , and Java specifications do not require all literals to be evaluated at compile time , but compilers typically do so .
4 F . Operator Precedence Levels .
The precedence levels ( i.e. , binding strengths ) of all ( prefix and infix ) operators shall be specified in the language definition , shall not be alterable by the user , shall be few in number , and shall not depend on the types of the operands .
yes mostly mostly mostly
C , C++ , and Java have a large number of precedence levels .
4G. Effect of Parentheses .
If present , explicit parentheses shall dictate the association of operands with operators .
The language shall specify where explicit parentheses are required and shall attempt to minimize the psychological ambiguity in expressions .
[ Note that this might be accomplished by requiring explicit parentheses to resolve the operator - operand association whenever a nonassociative operator appears to the left of an operator of the same precedence at the least - binding precedence level of any subexpression . ] yes yes yes yes
5A . Declarations of Constants .
It shall be possible to declare constants of any type .
Such constants shall include both those whose values - are determined during translation and those whose value cannot be determined until allocation .
Programs may not assign to constants .
yes yes yes yes
5B . Declarations of Variables .
Each variable must be declared explicitly .
Variables may be of any type .
The type of each variable must be specified as part of its declaration and must be determinable during translation .
[ Note , " variable " throughout this document refers not only to simple variables but also to composite variables and to components of arrays and records . ] yes mostly mostly yes
C and C++ permit " void * " as a type , which is really a pointer to an unknown type and subverts the type system .
5C . Scope of Declarations .
Everything ( including operators ) declared in a program shall have a scope ( i.e. , a portion of the program in which it can be referenced ) .
Scopes shall be determinable during translation .
Scopes may be nested ( i.e. , lexically embedded ) .
A declaration may be made in any scope .
Anything other than a variable shall be accessable within any nested scope of its definition .
yes partial mostly mostly
All support nested scopes of variable declarations .
Ada supports hierarchical packages , nested packages , and nested subprograms .
C only provides two scope levels for functions : static and non-static .
Java and C++ support class scoping mechanisms ( private , protected , and public ) and larger structuring mechanisms ( C++ namespaces and Java nested packages ) .
Neither Java nor C++ support nested functions ( functions declared in other functions ) .
5D . Restrictions on Values .
Procedures , functions , types , labels , exception situations , and statements shall not be assignable to variables , be computable as values of expressions , or be usable as nongeneric parameters to procedures or functions .
no no no no
Ada , C , and C++ support the use of access / pointer to subprograms / functions .
The original Ada83 did not permit access to subprograms ; this was later found to be too limiting .
Ada and C++ permit passing of exceptions as values .
Java does not support pointers to functions , though Java interfaces can be used as a somewhat clumsy workaround .
Java permits types and exceptions to be assigned and used as nongeneric parameters .
5E . Initial Values .
There shall be no default initial - values for variables .
partial yes yes partial
Ada defines an initial value for access values .
Java defines initial values for all types , though recommends against using them and Java compilers attempt to warn of such use .
In both Java and Ada , this is to support reliability .
5 F . Operations on Variables .
Assignment and an implicit value access operation shall be automatically defined for each variable .
yes yes yes yes
5G. Scope of Variables .
The language shall distinguish between open scopes ( i.e. , those that are automatically included in the scope of more globally declared variables ) and closed scopes ( i.e. , those in which nonlocal variables must be explicitly Imported ) .
Bodies of functions , procedures , and processes shall be closed scopes .
Bodies of classical control structures shall be open scopes .
yes yes yes yes
The languages differ significantly in their notions of " importing " and how scoping is handled , but all support the essence of this requirement .
6A . Basic Control Facility .
The ( built - in ) control mechanisms should be of minimal number and complexity .
Each shall provide a single capability and shall have a distinguishing syntax .
Nesting of control structures shall be allowed .
There shall be no control definition facility .
Local scopes shall be allowed within the bodies of control statements .
Control structures shall have only one entry point and shall exit to a single point unless exited via an explicit transfer of control ( where permitted , see 6G ) , or the raising of an exception ( see 10C ) .
yes yes yes yes
C , C++ , and Java have both " continue " and " break " operations , which could be viewed as two " exit " points from a control structure .
Java has a multi - level break statement , but these goes to specific exit points in specific control structures .
6B . Sequential Control .
There shall be a control mechanism for sequencing statements .
The language shall not impose arbitrary restrictions on programming style , such as the choice between statement terminators and statement separators , unless the restriction makes programming errors less likely .
yes yes yes yes
All use statement terminators .
6C. Conditional Control .
There shall be conditional control structures that permit selection among alternative control paths .
The selected path may depend on the value of a Boolean expression , on a computed choice among labeled alternatives , or on the true condition in a set of conditions .
The language shall define the control action for all values of the discriminating condition that are not specified by the program .
The user may supply a single control path to be used when no other path is selected .
Only the selected branch shall be compiled when the discriminating condition is a translation time expression .
yes yes yes yes
6D . Short Circuit Evaluation .
There shall be infix control operations for short circuit conjunction and disjunction of the controlling Boolean expression in conditional and iterative control structures .
yes yes yes yes
6E . Iterative Control .
There shall be an iterative control structure .
The iterative control may be exited ( without reentry ) at an unrestricted number of places .
A succession of values from an enumeration type or the integers may be associated with successive iterations and the value for the current iteration accessed as a constant throughout the loop body .
yes mostly mostly mostly
In C , C++ , and Java , the loop control variable is not considered a constant .
6 G. Explicit Control Transfer .
There shall be a mechanism for control transfer ( i.e. , the go to ) .
It shall not be possible to transfer out of closed scopes , into narrower scopes , or into control structures .
It shall be possible to transfer out of classical control structures .
There shall be no control transfer mechanisms in the form of switches , designational expressions , label variables , label parameters , or alter statements .
yes yes yes partial
The Java language does not include the " goto " ( though it does reserve the keyword ) .
Java does have a multi - level break and continue statement which can serve the role of " goto " in many cases .
K&R does not list any restrictions on C's goto statement , so some implementations may permit entry into control structures .
7A . Function and Procedure Definitions .
Functions ( which return values to expressions ) and procedures ( which can be called as statements ) shall be definable in programs .
Functions or procedures that differ in the number or types of their parameters may be denoted by the same identifier or operator ( i.e. , overloading shall be permitted ) .
[ Note that redefinition , as opposed to overloading , of an existing function or procedure is often error prone . ] yes no yes yes
C does not permit multiple functions to share the same name even when the parameter signatures differ .
7B . Recursion .
It shall be possible to call functions and procedures recursively .
yes yes yes yes
7C . Scope Rules .
A reference to an identifier that is not declared in the most local scope shall refer to a program element that is lexically global , rather than to one that is global through the dynamic calling structure .
yes yes yes yes
7D . Function Declarations .
The type of the result for each function must be specified in its declaration and shall be determinable during translation .
The results of functions may be of any type .
If a result is of a nonindirect array or record type then the number of its components must be determinable by the time of function call .
mostly mostly mostly mostly
Ada permits any type as a function return value , and does not require the number of components to be determined by function call time ( which gives flexibility at the cost of efficiency when using this capability ) .
Java also permits a function to return an array without knowning the number of components at call time ; Java 's approach to arrays is different than that implied by this requirement .
7 F . Formal Parameter Classes .
There shall be three classes of formal data parameters : ( a ) input parameters , which act as constants that are initialized to the value of corresponding actual parameters at the time of call , ( b ) input - output parameters , which enable access and assignment to the corresponding actual parameters , either throughout execution or only upon call and prior to any exit , and ( c ) output parameters , whose values are transferred to the corresponding actual parameter only at the time of normal exit .
In the latter two cases the corresponding actual parameter shall be determined at time of call and must be a variable or an assignable component of a composite type .
yes partial partial no
C , C++ , and Java do not identify in , out , and in - out parameters .
C and C++ can identify in - only parameters using " const " or by using non-pointer types .
C++ supports passing by reference as well as passing by value ( which implies that the item already exists ) .
7G. Parameter Specifications .
The type of each formal parameter must be explicitly specified in programs and shall be determinable during translation .
Parameters may be of any type .
The language shall not require user specification of subtype constraints for formal parameters .
If such constraints are permitted they shall be interpreted as assertions and not as additional overloading .
Corresponding formal and actual parameters must be of the same type .
yes mostly mostly yes
C and C++ permit re-specification in other places , permitting the specifications to go " out of sync " .
C and C++ also permit recasting of pointers that can subvert the type specification .
7H . Formal Array Parameters .
The number of dimensions for formal array parameters must be specified in programs and shall be determinable during translation .
Determination of the subscript range for formal array parameters may be delayed until invocation and may vary from call to call .
Subscript ranges shall be accessible within function and procedure bodies without being passed as explicit parameters .
yes no no partial ?
Subscript ranges are not accessible in C and C++. C , C++ , and Java do n't support multidimension arrays , though arrays of arrays permit some similar operations ( particularly in Java ) .
7I . Restrictions to Prevent Aliasing .
The language shall attempt to prevent aliasing ( l.e. , multiple access paths to the same variable or record component ) that is not intended , but shall not prohibit all aliasing .
Aliasing shall not be permitted between output parameters nor between an input - output parameter and a nonlocal variable .
Unintended aliasing shall not be permitted between input - output parameters .
A restriction limiting actual input - output parameters to variables that are nowhere referenced as nonlocals within a function or routine , is not prohibited .
All aliasing of components of elements of an indirect type shall be considered intentional .
yes no no no
Aliasing is a well - known problem when trying to optimize C and C++ code .
Java defines all non-primitives as references and does not permit " internal " references , so in some sense all aliases are intended .
8A . Low Level Input -Output .
There shall be a few low level input - output operations that send and receive control information to and from physical channels and devices .
The low level operations shall be chosen to insure that all user level input - output operations can be defined within the language .
mostly ?
partial partial no
Ada , C , and C++ permit access to memory - mapped locations but do not have standard I /O channel operations .
Ada 's machine code insertion capability can perform I /O channel operations in the language .
8B . User Level Input -Output .
The language shall specify ( i.e. , give calling format and general semantics ) a recommended set of user level input - output operations .
These shall include operations to create , delete , open , close , read , write , position , and interrogate both sequential and random access files and to alter the association between logical files and physical devices .
yes yes yes yes
Ada and Java applets may be restricted further by the environment , but this is determined by the local applet security manager and user , not by the language .
8C . Input Restrictions .
User level input shall be restricted to data whose record representations are known to the translator ( i.e. , data that is created and written entirely within the program or data whose representation is explicitly specified in the program ) .
yes yes yes yes
8D . Operating System Independence .
The language shall not require the presence of an operating system .
[ Note that on many machines it will be necessary to provide run-time procedures to implement some features of the language . ] yes yes yes yes
8E . Resource Control .
There shall be a few low level operations to interrogate and control physical resources ( e.g. , memory or processors ) that are managed ( e.g. , allocated or scheduled ) by built - in features of the language .
mostly no partial partial
Ada supports memory storage pool management ( managed by the allocation / deallocation language features ) , task scheduling policies , and task priorities .
The C++ " new " operator can be overridden to support memory storage pool management .
Java supports thread priorities .
8 F . Formating .
There shall be predefined operations to convert between the symbolic and internal representation of all types that have literal forms in the language ( e.g. , strings of digits to integers , or an enumeration element to its symbolic form ) .
These conversion operations shall have the same semantics as those specified for literals in programs .
yes partial partial partial
C and C++ do n't have built - in enumeration reading and writing ; Java does n't have enumerated types .
9A . Parallel Processing .
It shall be possible to define parallel processes .
Processes ( i.e. , activation instances of such a definition ) may be initiated at any point within the scope of the definition .
Each process ( activation ) must have a name .
It shall not be possible to exit the scope of a process name unless the process is terminated ( or uninitiated ) .
yes no no yes
C and C++ do not have have built - in thread or process facilities - the assumption is that these are to be provided by operating system dependent libraries ( such as the POSIX p- threads library ) .
Java 's parallel processing facilities differ in approach from the wording of this requirement , but can provide these facilities .
9B . Parallel Process Implementation .
The parallel processing facility shall be designed to minimize execution time and space .
Processes shall have consistent semantics whether implemented on multicomputers , multiprocessors , or with interleaved execution on a single processor .
mostly no no mostly
Both Ada and Java leave some semantics open to permit efficient implementation on different operating systems .
9C . Shared Variables and Mutual Exclusion .
It shall be . possible to mark variables that are shared among parallel processes .
An unmarked variable that is assigned on one path and used on another shall cause a warning .
It shall be possible efficiently to perform mutual exclusion in programs .
The language shall not require any use of mutual exclusion .
partial no no partial
Neither Ada nor Java require shared variables to be marked with an attendant warning .
Ada 83 's obsolete pragma shared does n't really meet this requirement .
Both Ada and Java support shared variables and high - efficiency locking ( using protected types / synchronized guards ) , and both permit the circumventing of such if the programmer determines it to be necessary .
Ada , C , and C++ support marking variables as " volatile " , and Ada supports marking variables as " atomic " .
9D . Scheduling .
The semantics of the built - in scheduling algorithm shall be first - in - first - out within priorities .
A process may alter its own priority .
If the language provides a default priority for new processes it shall be the priority of its initiating process .
The built - in scheduling algorithm shall not require that simultaneously executed processes on different processors have the same priority .
[ Note that this rule gives maximum scheduling control to the user without loss of efficiency .
Note also that priority specification does not impose a specific execution order among parallel paths and thus does not provide a means for mutual exclusion . ] yes no no mostly
Java in general runs the highest priority thread , but permits occasional running of lower priority threads ( see " http://java.sun.com/Series/Tutorial/java/threads/priority.html " ) .
Java does not guarantee first - in first - out within a priority .
9E . Real Time .
It shall be possible to access a real time clock .
There shall be translation time constants to convert between the implementation units and the program units for real time .
On any control path , it shall be possible to delay until at least a specified time before continuing execution .
A process may have an accessible clock giving the cumulative processing time ( i.e. , CPU time ) for that process .
yes no no yes
C/C++ provide some functions for handling local and calendar time ; real - time calls are operating system dependent .
Java supports delays in centiseconds and clock access in milliseconds .
9G. Asynchronous Termination .
It shall be possible to terminate another process .
The terminated process may designate the sequence of statements it will execute in response to the induced termination .
partial no no yes
C/C++ programs can call an OS - dependent library to perform this task .
Ada and Java permit asynchronous termination ( via the abort statement and stop ( ) call respectively ) .
Ada does not permit statement sequences to be run on termination in general ( though asynchronous transfer of control and the terminate alternative can permit this in some cases ) .
Java can do this by catching Error ThreadDeath .
9H . Passing Data .
It shall be possible to pass data between processes that do not share variables .
It shall be possible to delay such data transfers until both the sending and receiving processes have requested the transfer .
yes no no yes
Ada rendezvous and Java synchronized calls permit controlled passing of data .
9I . Signalling .
It shall be possible to set a signal ( without waiting ) , and to wait for a signal ( without delay , if it is already set ) .
Setting a signal , that is not already set , shall cause exactly one waiting path to continue .
mostly no no mostly
Java objects can be used as synchronized guards .
Ada does not have a " signal " type , but protected types can trivially implement them ( see Ada LRM D.12 for an example ) .
C and C++ have a file " signal.h " but this file does not provide this functionality .
9J . Waiting .
It shall be possible to wait for , determine , and act upon the first completed of several wait operations ( including those used for data passing , signalling , and real time ) .
mostly no no mostly ?
Ada select statement supports such capabilities .
Java does not have an equivalent structure , but intermediate structures could be used to easily implement such functionality .
10A . Exception Handling Facility .
There shall be an exception handling mechanism for responding to unplanned error situations detected in declarations and statements during execution .
The exception situations shall include errors detected by hardware , software errors detected during execution , error situations in built - in operations , and user defined exceptions .
Exception identifiers shall have a scope .
Exceptions should add to the execution time of programs only if they are raised .
yes no yes yes
C's " signal.h " and setjmp / longjmp can be used to handle some exceptions , but do n't really satisfy these requirements .
10B . Error Situations .
The errors detectable during execution shall include exceeding the specified range of an array subscript , exceeding the specified range of a variable , exceeding the implemented range of a variable , attempting to access an uninitialized variable , attempting to access a field of a variant that is not present , requesting a resource ( such as stack or heap storage ) when an insufficient quantity remains , and failing to satisfy a program specified assertion .
[ Note that some are very expensive to detect unless aided by special hardware , and consequently their detection will often be suppressed ( see 10G ) . ] mostly partial partial mostly
None normally detect uninitialized variables access .
Ada's Normalize_Scalars pragma aids in detecting uninitialized variables .
Java attempts to detect uninitialized variables at compile - time .
Ada and Java do n't have assertions built into the language , while C and C++ can detect assertion errors .
C and C++ do n't detect out - of - bound array accesses .
C , C++ , and Java do n't detect range errors ( of either kind ) nor overflow .
All can detect out - of - memory errors .
10C . Raising Exceptions .
There shall be an operation that raises an exception .
Raising an exception shall cause transfer of control to the most local enclosing exception handler for that exception without completing execution of the current statement or declaration , but shall not of itself cause transfer out of a function , procedure , or process .
Exceptions that are not handled within a function or procedure shall be raised again at the point of call in their callers .
Exceptions that are not handled within a process shall terminate the process .
Exceptions that can be raised by built - in operations shall be given in the language definition .
yes no yes yes
C has an assert macro , but it does n't have the kind of enclosure described here .
10D . Exception Handling .
There shall be a control structure for discriminating among the exceptions that can occur in a specified statement sequence .
The user may supply a single control path for all exceptions not otherwise mentioned in such a discrimination .
It shall be possible to raise the exception that selected the current handler when exiting the handler .
yes no yes yes
10E . Order of Exceptions .
The order in which exceptions in different parts of an expression are detected shall not be guaranteed by the language or by the translator .
yes no yes yes
10 F . Assertions .
It shall be possible to include assertions in programs .
If an assertion is false when encountered during execution , it shall raise an exception .
It shall also be possible to include assertions , such as the expected frequency for selection of a conditional path , that can not be verified .
[ Note that assertions can be used to aid optimization and maintenance . ] no , not built - in mostly mostly no , not built - in
C and C++ include a simple assert ( ) facility .
Neither Ada nor Java have a built - in assert checking facility , though they can be trivially implemented .
GNAT Ada compiler has pragma assert , but this is compiler - specific .
None permit simple assertions of frequency .
10G . Suppressing Exceptions .
It shall be possible during translation to suppress individually the execution time detection of exceptions within a given scope .
The language shall not guarantee the integrity of the values produced when a suppressed exception occurs .
[ Note that suppression of an exception is not an assertion that the corresponding error will not occur . ] yes no no no
11A . Data Representation .
The language shall permit but not require programs to specify a single physical representation for the elements of a type .
These specifications shall be separate from the logical descriptions .
Physical representation shall include object representation of enumeration elements , order of fields , width of fields , presence of " do n't care " fields , positions of word boundaries , and object machine addresses .
In particular , the facility shall be sufficient to specify the physical representation of any record whose format is determined by considerations that are entirely external to the program , translator , and language .
The language and its translators shall not guarantee any particular choice for those aspects of physical representation that are unspecified by the program .
It shall be possible to specify the association of physical resources ( e.g. , interrupts ) to program elements ( e.g. , exceptions or signals ) .
yes partial partial no
C and C++ bitfields provide some data representation control , but do n't control big-endian / little - endianness .
Lack of endianness control makes control over portable representation of lower - level constructs very difficult .
C and C++ also do n't provide mechanisms to control the exact bit size of basic types , nor hooks to interrupts .
Java does not provide representation control .
11C . Translation Time Facilities .
To aid conditional compilation , it shall be possible to interrogate properties that are known during translation including characteristics of the object configuration , of function and procedure calling environments , and of actual parameters .
For example , it shall be possible to determine whether the caller has suppressed a given exception , the callers optimization criteria , whether an actual parameter is a translation time expression , the type of actual generic parameters , and the values of constraints characterizing the subtype of actual parameters .
partial partial partial no
Ada , C , and C++ all provide some mechanisms to query the compilation environment , though not to the extent given in this requirement .
11D . Object System Configuration .
The object system configuration must be explicitly specified in each separately translated unit .
Such specifications must include the object machine model , the operating system if present , peripheral equipment , and the device configuration , and may include special hardware options and memory size .
The translator will use such specifications when generating object code .
[ Note that programs that depend on the specific characteristics of the object machine , may be made more portable by enclosing those portions in branches of conditionals on the object machine configuration . ] partial no no no ?
Ada requires that separately compiled modules be compatible when linked together , implying some of the requirements here .
Java is designed to make this generally unnecessary , by translating to system - independent bytecodes first , so it 's arguable if this requirement applies to Java .
11E . Interface to Other Languages .
There shall be a machine independent interface to other programming languages including assembly languages .
Any program element that is referenced in both the source language program and foreign code must be identified in the interface .
The source language of the foreign code must also be identified .
yes partial yes partial
Ada has standard interfaces to C , Fortran , COBOL , and machine language , and standard pragmas Import , Export , and Convention for interfacing to other languages .
Some C implementations support the " asm " keyword .
C has little support for interfacing to other languages , but on many systems it is the " standard " host language and serves as a common interface standard for other languages .
C++ has a general external linkage system using extern " language " , though often only C is supported as the external language .
Java has an external link to C .
11 F . Optimization .
Programs may advise translators on the optimization criteria to be used in a scope .
It shall be possible in programs to specify whether minimum translation costs or minimum execution costs are more important , and whether execution time or memory space is to be given preference .
All such specifications shall be optional .
Except for the amount of time and space required during execution , approximate values beyond the specified precision , the order in which exceptions are detected , and the occurrence of side effects within an expression , optimization shall not alter the semantics of correct programs , ( e.g. , the semantics of parameters will be unaffected by the choice between open and closed calls ) .
yes partial ?
partial ?
no ?
Ada programs can specify whether to optimize for speed or space .
C and C++ code cannot make such specifications , but do provide the " register " keyword to provide optimization hints .
Most compilers support external optimization flags .
12A . Library .
There shall be an easily accessible library of generic definitions and separately translated units .
All predefined definitions shall be in the library .
Library entries may include those used as input - output packages , common pools of shared declarations , application oriented software packages , encapsulations , and machine configuration specifications .
The library shall be structured to allow entries to be associated with particular applications , projects , and users .
yes yes yes yes
All provide mechanisms to make reusable components available to a library .
12B . Separately Translated Units .
Separately translated units may be assembled into operational systems .
It shall be possible for a separately translated unit to reference exported definitions of other units .
All language imposed restrictions shall be enforced across such interfaces .
Separate translation shall not change the semantics of a correct program .
yes partial mostly yes
All support separate compilation .
C separately compiled units need not agree on their interface .
This is true for C++ as well , but C++ programs using classes and header files in normal ways obtain most such protection .
12D . Generic Definitions .
Functions , procedures , types , and encapsulations may have generic parameters .
Generic parameters shall be instantiated during translation and shall be interpreted in the context of the instantiation .
An actual generic parameter may be any defined identifier ( including those for variables , functions , procedures , processes , and types ) or the value of any expression .
yes no mostly no
Ada types cannot be directly made generic , but can be generic via encapsulation .
C/C++'s # define preprocessor is not sufficiently powerful to meet these requirements .
C++'s templates provide this capability , though weaknesses and different semantics render C++ templates less useful at this time .
Java lacks this ability .
13A . Defining Documents .
The language shall have a complete and unambiguous defining document .
It should be possible to predict the possible actions of any syntactically correct program from the language definition .
The language documentation shall include the syntax , semantics , and appropriate examples of each built - in and predefined feature .
A recommended set of translation diagnostic and warning messages shall be included in the language definition .
yes mostly mostly yes
The C and C++ defining documents include a very large number of undefined results .
13B . Standards .
There will be a standard definition of the language .
Procedures will be established for standards control and for certification that translators meet the standard .
yes yes partial no
Official standards are available for Ada and C .
There is no official C++ standard , but work to develop one is ongoing .
Work to standardize Java is at an extremely early stage .
13C . Completeness of Implementations .
Translators shall implement the standard definition .
Every translator shall be able to process any syntactically correct program .
Every feature that is available to the user shall be defined in the standard , in an accessible library , or in the source program .
mostly ?
yes in practice mostly ?
yes
Some Ada compilers have not completed their transition to Ada95 ; the Ada validation process ( including the ACVC test suite ) helps to ensure that Ada compilers implement the entire Ada language .
C implementations need not implement the entire language , but production compilers generally do so .
Since the definition of C++ is changing , C++ compilers are mostly complete as of some version of the C++ standard .
Note that all compilers have bugs , so none can truly process " any " correct program .
13D . Translator Diagnostics .
Translators shall be responsible for reporting errors that are detectable during translation and for optimizing object code .
Translators shall be responsible for the integrity of object code in affected translation units when any separately translated unit is modified , and shall ensure that shared definitions have compatible representations in all translation units .
Translators shall do full syntax and type checking , shall check that all language imposed restrictions are met , and should provide warnings where constructs will be dangerous or unusually expensive in execution and shall attempt to detect exceptions during translation .
If the translator determines that a call on a routine will not terminate normally , the exception shall be reported as a translation error at the point of call .
yes partial partial ?
yes
All provide at least some error reporting and warnings , all have optimizing compilers , and all permit separate compilation .
Translator characteristics for detecting errors in the presence of separate compilation are undefined by C and C ++.
Shared definitions are not required in C ; they are generally used in C ++.
Many C compilers do not do full type checking ; lint ( where available ) can supplement checking .
13E . Translator Characteristics .
Translators for the language will be written in the language and will be able to produce code for a variety of object machines .
The machine independent parts of translators should be separate from code generators .
Although it is desirable , translators need not be able to execute on every object machine .
The internal characteristics of the translator ( i.e. , the translation method ) shall not be specified by the language definition or standards .
mostly mostly mostly mostly
Many compilers are implemented in their own language , though not all .
Java implementations may have two code production stages , one that generates virtual machine code and a second that converts virtual machine code to a specific machine 's code .
13 F . Restrictions on Translators .
Translators shall fail to translate otherwise correct programs only when the program requires more resources during translation than are available on the host machine or when the program calls for resources that are unavailable in the specified object system configuration .
Neither the language nor its translators shall impose arbitrary restrictions on language features .
For example , they shall not impose restrictions on the number of array dimensions , on the number of identifiers , on the length of identifiers , or on the number of nested parentheses levels .
yes partial yes yes
The C language definition still permits externally - visible identifiers to be considered identical if the first 6 characters are equal ignoring case ( as a concession to old linkers ) .
C++ recommends large maximums ( see " Implementation Quantities " ) , though these are not mandated .
Credit is given if the limits are sufficiently large that encountering them is very unlikely .
13G . Software Tools and Application Packages .
The language should be designed to work in conjunction with a variety of useful software tools and application support packages .
These will be developed as early as possible and will include editors , interpreters , diagnostic aids , program analyzers , documentation aids , testing aids , software maintenance tools , optimizers , and application libraries .
There will be a consistent user interface for these tools .
Where practical software tools and aids will be written in the language .
Support for the design , implementation , distribution , and maintenance of translators , software tools and aids , and application libraries will be provided independently of the individual projects that use them .
yes yes yes yes
QuirksMode.org is the prime source for browser compatibility information on the Internet .
It is maintained by Peter - Paul Koch , mobile platform strategist in Amsterdam , the Netherlands .
QuirksMode.org is the home of the Browser Compatibility Tables , where you ’ll find hype - free assessments of the major browsers ’ CSS and JavaScript capabilities , as well as their adherence to the W3C standards .
It is also increasingly the home of ground - breaking mobile web research .
