Корреспондент.net , 4 апрел я 2009 , 21:14
Украина отменит безвизовый режим с
Европой в ближайшее время , возможно , даже до 7 мая .
Об этом в субботу , 4 апреля , заявил заместитель глав ы
Секретариата Президента , представитель Президента в Верховной Раде Игорь Попов в эфире радио Cвобода .
" Вскоре мы упраздним безвизовый режим с Европой и выиграем от этого .
Это произойдет очень скоро .
Возможно , даже , до Пражского саммита 7 мая этого года " , - отметил Попов .
По его словам , " правоохранительны е органы жалуются , что из - за того , что европейцы заходят к нам без виз , каждые три месяца они отлавливают какого - то педофила или маньяка " .
" Заезжая в Украину , иностранец показывает на границе паспорт - 10 секунд - и он пошел .
Потом , оказывается по базе данных , что его не нужно было пускать .
В итоге - розыск по всей Украине из - за того , что он зашел без визы и его нет в базе данных ” , - прибавил Попов .
Кроме того , такие действия подтолкнут европейцев отменить визы для украинцев , считает представитель Президента .
Напомним , ранее глав а Секретариата Президента Виктор Балога заявил о том , что Украина изучает возможность отмены безвизового режима для ЕС .
Как известно , в 2005 году граждане государств - членов ЕС получили право посещат ь
Украину без оформления виз .
В то же время визы для украинцев отменены не были , но с 2008 года вступило в силу соглашение об упрощении визового режима со странам и
ЕС .
A $ 50,000 legal claim alleges that Greenfield Middle School teachers falsely imprisoned a student when they put her in a time - out room , and that the experience caused the girl to hyperventilate and feel nauseous .
The claim also accuses a teacher of allowing students to commit a " battery " against the girl in a classroom .
Greenfield Superintendent Conrad Farner said he could not respond specifically to the allegations , in order to protect the privacy of the student , who is not identified by name in the claim .
But Farner defended the actions of employees .
" I 'm confident that the district has acted in an appropriate manner and will continue to do so , " he said .
Farner said three claims have been filed against the school district in the past 3 1/2 years , none involving allegations of misconduct by staff .
Two claims pertained to playground injuries and one to the instruction of a special education student , he said .
The claim involving the girl was filed Feb. 13 .
The School Board discussed it during a closed session portion of its meeting Monday , but took no action .
The claim was filed on behalf of the girl by Brookfield attorney William Rettko
" The ball , frankly , is in the school district 's court , " Rettko said of negotiations to settle the claim .
If the claim is not settled or rejected within 120 days , a lawsuit could be filed .
Retail electricity prices have risen much more in states that adopted competitive pricing than in those that have retained traditional rates set by the government , new studies based on years of price reports show .
The findings , by advocates for both sides in the market - versus - regulation debate , raise questions about the reasons market competition produced higher retail prices than government regulation .
The difference in prices charged to industrial companies in market states compared with those in regulated ones nearly tripled from 1999 to last July , according to the analysis of Energy Department data by Marilyn Showalter , who runs Power in the Public Interest , a group that favors traditional rate regulation .
The price spread grew from 1.09 cents per kilowatt - hour to 3.09 cents , her analysis showed .
It also showed that in 2006 alone industrial customers paid $ 7.2 billion more for electricity in market states than if they had paid the average prices in regulated states .
Veronika Zemanova holds her perfect boobs
You can follow us on our Hot Babes Twitter feed , and you can follow more babes on Twitter @bullzeyedotcom .
Models can submit photos to us at .
Also , check out our Model Mayhem profile page if you ’d like to schedule a shoot .
Astronomy photography ( astrophotography ) is probably one of the most difficult types of photography that can be undertaken by the amateur photographer .
It is also one of the most inspirational types of photography and is always immensely popular .
Attention : Grab your free cheat sheet for Milky Way photography !
Click Here
Luckily for us , some amateur photographers still take the time to equip and train themselves and so are able to show us remarkable work like the astronomy photos below .
But it is not an easy thing to do this type of photography .
In fact , a quick look at the Flickr pools available to photographers of astronomical images quickly shows that this niche requires a lot of dedication and practice – not many images turn out as well as the astrophotography below !
Astrophotography – How to Shoot the Stars
While astrophotography is definitely a specialised area of photography , it is n't quite as difficult as many people seem to think .
In fact , with some basic gear and a bit of knowledge , you can start this rewarding hobby without too much fuss .
Gear for Astrophotography
While it 's difficult to shoot astrophotography with poor gear , you do n't need top - end gear either .
Let 's look at what you need :
The Best Camera for Astrophotography
While you can go to the upper end of astrophotography shooting by investing in a Nikon D850 or Sony A7RII which are considered the best cameras for this type of photography , believe it or not , almost any DSLR or Mirrorless camera is perfectly capable of getting a respectable astro photography shot .
Hell , even an 11 year old cropped sensor DSLR ( that you can get on ebay for $ 50 ) is capable if you know what you 're doing , so do n't overthink your camera .
These days , even the Google Android phone is starting to produce some passable astrophotography using artificial intelligence ( they have a whole team dedicated to this ) , so again , do n't get carried away with worrying about gear .
The Best Lens for Astrophotography
In general terms , you want a fast and wide lens .
What that means is that you want the aperture to be at least f/3.5 and preferably f/2.8 or , even better , f/1.8 .
You probably want the focal length of 20 mm or wider .
While something like a 12 - 24 mm f/2.8 is well regarded , you will get even better shots with a 14 mm f/1.8 as it allows in more light .
But again , do n't overthink this part .
The lens you have , at its widest aperture is going to get you something so it 's worth trying .
Take a look at our guide to choosing the best lens for astrophotography for a deeper look at the issues .
Other Gear for Astrophotography
Do n't forget a way to stabilise your camera – a tripod is essential .
Some way to remotely trigger ( remote shutter release ) your camera is also extremely useful as camera shake in astrophotography can be a real downer .
Camera Settings for Astrophotography
The simple explanation is to set your camera to its widest aperture ( probably f/ 2.8 ) and ISO 1600 or ISO 3200 and then divide 500 by your focal length to get the shutter speed .
For example , 500 / 24 mm would mean a shutter speed of 21 seconds .
That is called the 500 rule .
Read our 500 rule article to get a more thorough understanding of it and give out 600 rule article a read too to round out your knowledge for astrophotography camera settings .
A Deeper Dive into Specifics
All of the astrophotography images below would have been roughly guided by those rules .
For a deeper dive into camera settings and general tips , you should also delve into our series of night sky photography articles .
These articles will take you deeper into various sub-genres of astrophotography such as specifics on shooting light trails , camera skills like focussing and also shooting the moon .
These Apps for Astro Are Really Useful
The Best Exposure Calculator iPhone Apps for Astrophotography
The Exposure Calculator Android Apps That Are Useful
Beautiful Examples
Below we have found 13 stunning examples of astrophotography ( astronomy photos ) taken by backyard astronomers – of stars and galaxies , that we think are some of the most beautiful examples of what can be done with a telescope , camera and some know - how from anyone 's backyard .
Believe it or not , achieving these types of results in astrophotography is not as difficult as a lot of people tend to think .
By knowing your gear and a few relevant rules , you should be able to get some reasonable results quite quickly .
Please feel free to link to any other examples of great backyard astronomy photography , night sky or astrophotography in the comments .
photo by jeremy thomas
photo by teddy kelley
photo by mark basarab
photo by greg rakozy
photo by manolo franco
photo by jacob dyer
photo by skeeze on pixabay
photo by felix plakolb
photo by teddy kelley
photo by nathan anderson
photo by Clarisse Meyer
photo by jeremy thomas
photo by skeeze on pixabay
Where to Next ?
Do n't forget to take a look at how to get shots like these with Milky Way Mastery .
This is one of the best courses online for digging deep on astrophotography .
by : A_tx_nude_guy
an image from A_tx_nude_guy Uploaded about 12 years ago
Bookmark & Share
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert the CEO Dogbert says , " Our new financial product is a hybrid of risky mortgage loans and a ponzi scheme . "
Dogbert says , " We 'll cover our bad losses with our profits from making even worse loans . "
Dogbert says , " I 'll need some wagging room while
It tell you how this ties into my bonus structure . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama ’s push to revamp the costly and inefficient U.S. healthcare system was facing delay even before Tom Daschle , who was chosen to head the initiative , withdrew his nomination as health secretary .
With the administration and Congress preoccupied with righting the foundering economy , work on Obama ’s promise to make affordable care available for all Americans has been limited in Obama ’s first weeks in power .
Health care reform advocates are pushing for quick action and want Congress to act by the end of the year , well before lawmakers start political maneuvering for congressional elections next year .
But the Democratic - led Congress is taking longer than expected to approve Obama ’s economic stimulus plan , which has topped $ 900 billion in the Senate , and Obama has to cope with a budget deficit some estimate could top $ 1 trillion this year .
Creating a comprehensive plan to control soaring healthcare costs and cover 46 million uninsured Americans has eluded previous administrations and is an ambitious goal for lawmakers with so much on their plates .
Daschle ’s decision to withdraw from consideration as Health and Human Services Secretary on Tuesday , citing a political backlash over his late income tax payments , dealt Obama ’s health care overhaul a serious blow .
Daschle , a former Senate majority leader who was also named to a White House post in which he would lead the overhaul of the $ 2.3 trillion industry , was seen as an inspired choice .
“ Senator Daschle ’s withdrawal could make the process harder , but it does n’t change the urgency of reform , ” said Nancy LeaMond , executive vice president of AARP , an influential advocacy group for people over age 50 .
ACROSS THE RIVER
Any health care overhaul would require an all - out effort by Obama and administration officials to bring business , unions and other interest groups in line behind legislation and to build public support .
Advocates of change note the impact the current system has across the economy , especially at a time of severe budget deficits .
Michigan Democratic Senator Debbie Stabenow , for example , pointed out that U.S. automobile manufacturing plants have been moving from Detroit across the river to Canada because Canada ’s national healthcare system means companies do not have to provide expensive health insurance to workers .
Daschle ’s decision to bow out caught many lawmakers by surprise .
The White House scrambled to find a replacement but the vetting and confirmation process for the new choice could take weeks .
Congressional Democrats put on a brave face .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said on Wednesday there was “ no question ” Daschle would have been a “ great leader ” in the effort .
“ But the effort is one that will happen . ”
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus said congressional committees were continuing work on developing legislation and did not see Daschle ’s withdrawal having a major effect on the timetable .
“ Maybe a little blip , but I do n’t think it ’s much , ” said Baucus , who as head of the Finance Committee will play a major role in writing the legislation .
Obama plans to hold a “ fiscal responsibility summit ” with members of Congress to address major budget issues involving the Social Security retirement program and Medicare health care program for the elderly , key elements in any major changes .
I hope you guys dig the new art style and the bold direction I ’m taking with the story line .
I felt like this comic worked really well without dialog , but if you want to … oh , I do n’t know , ADD YOUR OWN , and POST YOUR EFFORTS ONLINE and maybe PUT A LINK TO IT IN THE COMMENTS I guess that would be ok .
[ RSS Readers and anyone else that did n’t come in on the main page might want to click HERE ]
[ NOTE : I do n’t actually read CAD , nor do I have any sort of grudge or hatred toward it ’s creator .
The original comic in question turned into a meme almost instantly and became one of the most parodied things on the internet .
This is just a “ me too . ”
If this joke does not make you laugh , please come back Friday and there will be a new comic . ]
Page 1 of 2 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] >>
From : almsforawhore
2009-02-05 09:06 pm ( UTC )
this is how my last marriage ended .
From : pavel_lishin
2009-02-05 09:15 pm ( UTC )
Precisely why I plan to marry a woman short enough to climb over .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-02-05 09:17 pm ( UTC )
Was n't this a Doctor Seuss bit ?
I think I remember something like this , but I 'm not sure from where .
From : affectionjunkie
2009-02-05 09:26 pm ( UTC )
Are you sure you are not thinking of Saved By the Bell ?
It 's easy to get them confused .
From : bendriscoll
2009-02-05 09:18 pm ( UTC )
They are so mad that they are creating electric fields .
I thought only the Japanese could do this .
Please explain .
From : nedroidcomics
2009-02-05 09:47 pm ( UTC )
They had Japanese food for lunch .
From : bookofbiff
2009-02-05 09:24 pm ( UTC )
Beartato should have been nominated for secretary of state .
He knows how to solve territorial disputes .
From : alexisjulian
2009-02-05 10:51 pm ( UTC )
I was thinking exactly this .
" is Anthony perhaps making an analogy to the dispute over Palestine ?
perhaps Iran 's domestic nuclear ambitions ?
perhaps it 's a parable for the recent change of power in American government . "
Then i remembered that this is the man who once drew a pumpkin with legs firing guns wildly into the air .
From : hitbycars
2009-02-05 09:28 pm ( UTC )
I was hoping things were about to get battle ready
From : __lys_fleurx__
2009-02-05 09:54 pm ( UTC )
potAto potAHto do you pronounce it Bear - tAto , or Bear - tahto ?
because I find myself saying bear - tahto , and then thinking " but who says Patahto ? "
From : nedroidcomics
2009-02-05 09:58 pm ( UTC )
Re : potAto potAHto
That 's easy , it 's Beart * BANG BANG * auuuuuuuuugh
From : bendriscoll
2009-02-05 10:13 pm ( UTC )
Is it okay if I imagine them singing at each other , opera -style ?
BearTAAAAAAAAAAAAtooooooo
I - am - going - to NEEEEED you to MOOOoooooovvvveeeeee out of my WAAAAAaaaaaay
Why do n't YOU move
Out of MY way
They are both Earth shakingly deep baritones .
From : nedroidcomics
2009-02-05 10:21 pm ( UTC )
That is okay , and in fact from now on I will insist on it
( Deleted comment )
From : queenalex
2009-02-05 10:46 pm ( UTC )
Beartato is asking the questions that need to be asked
From : megacoleman
2009-02-05 11:06 pm ( UTC )
They have mastered the Twin-Forehead Lightning Attack !
Nobody has been able to do that since Tesla and Twain ...
From : megacoleman
2009-02-06 12:16 am ( UTC )
Re : ALTERNATE ENDING !
Teleportation too ?
These guys are getting crazy powerful .
Its from all the Valentine 's submissions I bet .
They are eating peoples love .
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-02-06 12:03 am ( UTC )
Looking at that panel ...
Reginald started climbing before Beartato said anything , did n't he ?
From : ( Anonymous )
2009-02-06 01:29 am ( UTC )
Reginald began climbing over him , then Beartato sarcastically suggested doing it .
We all remember that Reginald has trouble detecting sarcasm , it 's part of the canon .
From : shihtzu
2009-02-06 12:14 am ( UTC )
Hooray !
You can't spell " cooperation " without " oop ratio " !
From : starprincess035
2009-02-06 04:18 am ( UTC )
Good thing Beartato is such a genius !
The comic would have been kind
of boring if all they did from now on was stand in that doorway .
From : donkeymoney
2009-02-06 07:55 am ( UTC )
Alternate ending - C'est terrible !
Take THAT , photorealism !
Take THAT , photorealism !
From : donkeymoney
2009-02-06 08:00 am ( UTC )
I like bear - taht - to , he is hispanic .
Taliban insurgents have rejected a United States offer of " honourable reconciliation " as a " lunatic idea " and said the withdrawal of foreign troops was the only way to end the war in Afghanistan .
With the Afghan conflict now in its eighth year , NATO - led forces and the Taliban are locked in a bloody stalemate with violence set to rise further this year as more US troops arrive and seek to contain the insurgency ahead of August elections .
President Barack Obama is redoubling US efforts with more troops , more diplomatic effort and more economic assistance , but he has also already spoken of the need for an " exit strategy " .
If the US plan fails to show results , analysts say , time is on the Taliban side .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told an international conference on Afghanistan on Tuesday that those members of the Taliban who abandoned extremism must be granted an " honourable form of reconciliation " .
" This matter was also raised in the past , " said Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid , referring to comments by Mr Obama last month who spoke of reaching out to moderate Taliban .
" They have to go and find the moderate Taliban , their leader and speak to them .
This is a lunatic idea , " Mr Mujahid said by telephone from an unknown location .
The 21,000 extra US troops ordered by Mr Obama to join the 70,000 foreign soldiers now fighting insurgents in Afghanistan showed the United States wanted the war to continue , Mr Mujahid said , and the Taliban would keep fighting till they left .
" There is no other way .
We want our freedom and respect for our independence , " he said .
- Reuters
DNA Structure and Topology DNA GEOMETRY DNA is a double - stranded macromolecule in which each strand is a polymer of deoxyribonucleotide monomers .
The monomers are linked by " phosphodiester bonds " between the 3 ' carbon of one deoxyribose molecule and the 5 ' carbon of another .
Since an ester is a condensation product of an alcohol ( sugars are " polyalcohols " ) and an acid ( PO 4 3 - is an acid ) , the term " diester " signifies the formation of two ester linkages by each phosphate molecule .
The following is a dimer of the deoxribonucleotide monomers adenine ( A ) and guanine ( G ) , drawn such that A is to the left of and above G. According to the naming convention , we would call this : Deoxyadenynyl - 3', 5 ' - guanylyl - 3'- phosphate and we would use a shorthand notation , d( AGp ) , to represent the structure .
Notice that a phosphate group acts as a bridge between the two deoxyribose sugars , and that the order , from left to right ( also from top to bottom here ) is from the 3 ' carbon of the first sugar to the 5 ' carbon of the second .
The two bonds thus formed are ester bonds .
The second sugar has a phosphate hanging from its 3 ' carbon , and this is indicated by the end of the name , " - 3 ' - phosphate " .
The " p " that follows AG in the notation d( AGp ) represents this feature .
Also , notice the negative charges on the oxygen atoms , as shown , in the phosphate groups .
At physiologic pH , the hydrogens from these oxygens are ionized .
By convention , these structures are drawn with the 5 ' end of the molecule to the left .
It 's designated " 5 ' - " because the 5 '- carbon of the first sugar is unesterified .
It 's the first piece of the molecule that is seen upon " reading " from left to right .
If we were to replace the hydrogens on the 2 '- carbons of the sugars with - OH groups , then we would have a dimer of ribonucleotides , in this case AGp .
Exercise : Draw the CG dinucleotide as d( CpG ) .
This dinucleotide is present in the vertebrate genome at only about 20 % of what would be expected , statistically , except in upstream regions of many genes .
These regions are known as " CG islands " and it is in these regions that gene expression can be modulated by methylation of cytosines in the 5th position .
DNA probably is in a Z - conformation in these islands .
So much for the naming / drawing conventions .
What 's really important to recognize , however , is that the conventions specify " direction " and this concept will appear over and over again as we study DNA .
The dimer above has a direction indicated by the notation 5 '--> 3 '. A DNA molecule is composed of two strands of deoxyribonucleotide polymers , in a very special geometric relationship in which one is entwined about the other such that an overall helical shape results .
This is the familiar " double helix " , described by Watson and Crick , in which the two helices share a common axis , and both are wound in a right - handed manner .
A " right - hand " rule is a mnemonic that will allow you to always visualize this directionality correctly .
Make a fist with your right hand , with the thumb pointing upward .
As the helix rises in the direction of the thumb , the fingers curl in the direction of the turn .
Each nucleotide base of one strand is paired with a nucleotide base on the other strand to create a stable structure of the two polymers .
Early on , Erwin Chargaff recognized that , in DNA molecules , the number of A molecules equaled the number of T molecules , and that the number of G molecules equaled that of C molecules .
A similar relationship did not hold for RNA , however .
This was before the discovery of the double - helical structure of DNA , and it is explained by the further demonstration that the pairing of bases is not random , but rather follows the rule that an A pairs with a T and a G pairs with a C .
These relationships are known as " complementarity rules " .
The nature of the forces between the complementary bases is hydrogen bonding and vanderWaals forces and the hydrophobic force .
We will say more about these later .
It turns out that it takes a stretch of 10.5 paired nucleotide bases to make a complete turn of the helix .
When we look at DNA topology below , we will approximate this as 10 bases per turn to make the mathematics simpler .
Looking at the dimer drawn above , then , we can pair it to its complementary dimer , d( CTp ) , where we have written from the direction 5 ' - 3 ' , but we cannot appreciate the double - helical nature of DNA until we have 10 - 11 bases on one strand paired with their complements on the other .
( Note that this discussion has centered on DNA .
RNA is not a double - stranded helical molecule .
It is usually single - stranded , although small stretches of it may be doubly wound if the right relationship between contiguous bases in the " linear " strand exist .
RNA does not , therefore , display " Chargaff "s Rules " . )
It should be readily apparent that the direction of the strand complementary to the 5 ' - 3 '- strand is 3 ' - 5 ' .
The double helical structure of DNA can be described as analogous to a helical staircase , with the two chains of sugar - phosphate bonds representing the rails .
Since the bases are attached to the sugars , and each base is paired to its complementary base , the edges of the bases are exposed to solvent within two grooves along the helix , the " major groove " and the " minor groove " .
It is within these grooves that DNA interacts with solvent molecules , ions , protein and other molecules .
Structural variation of these grooves is one mechanism by which reactivity of DNA is modulated .
There are three major structural variations that we will come across , " A " , " B " and " Z " DNA , and they differ in the relationship between the bases and the helical axis : B - DNA :
This is the structure of fully hydrated DNA , and is the most common encountered in vivo .
There is about a 6o tilt of the bases to the helix axis and the axis goes through the center of the base pairs .
The diameter of B - DNA is 20 A , and there are about 10 bases per helical turn ( 36 o of twist along the helix for each base pair ) .
The major groove is wide , while the minor groove is narrow .
Owing to the location of the helical axis in the center of the base pairs , the edges of the base pairs are about equally deep in the interior .
Exercise : Study B-DNA structure A - DNA :
When B - DNA is dehydrated , there is a reversible structural change to A - DNA , in which there is an increase in the tilt of the bases to about 20o with respect to the helical axis , which does not pass through the base pairs at all , but rather is shifted into the major groove .
The result is a structure with a narrow and deep major groove and a wide and shallow minor groove , a diameter of about 26 A , and 11.6 bases per helical turn .
When looking at A - DNA end - on , there is a 6 - A diameter hole at the helical axis .
Z- DNA : Unlike B-DNA and A - DNA , Z - DNA is a left - handed helix .
It has a base tilt of about 7o and a diameter of about 18 A .
There are 12 bases per helical turn , a narrow and deep minor groove and a flat major groove .
Sequences of DNA consisting of alternating purine and pyrimidine bases have been shown to adopt this conformation .
Such sequences include poly d( GC ) , poly d( AC ) , poly d( GT ) etc. in varying combinations and can be formed at high salt concentrations , under dehydrating conditions in the presence of Mn2 + or Co2+ , or in " supercoiled " DNA .
The conformational change from B - DNA to Z - DNA is one mechanism for relief of the torsional strain found in B - DNA in vivo , and may serve as a switch mechanism to regulate gene expression .
DNA TOPOLOGY DNA in its relaxed ( ideal ) state usually assumes the B configuration , a right - handed 20A diameter helix in which the nucleotide base planes are nearly perpendicular to the helix axis , with a vertical distance of 3.4
A between them and with10 base pairs per helix turn , giving a " pitch " of 34 A. Linear DNA in solution assumes this configuration because it is the one of minimum energy .
Any deviation from this relaxed state increases the energy of the DNA molecule .
A piece of circular DNA with a diameter that is large when compared to the double helix thickness will have an energy only slightly greater than that of the same length of DNA in its linear form , because the curvature of the molecule is small .
The helix axis of DNA in vivo is usually curved , rather than linear .
This is a necessary condition , as the stretched length of the human genome is about 1 meter and this length needs to be " packaged " in order to fit in the nucleus of a cell .
In eukaryotes , nature solved this problem by complexing linear DNA to histones ( protein ) to form nucleosomes .
In prokaryotes , the entire genome is typically a circular DNA molecule and this , in turn , exists in further compact form in which the helical axis does not lie in a plane .
This packaging of DNA deforms it physically , thereby increasing its energy .
Such an increase in stored ( potential ) energy within the molecule is then available to drive reactions such as the unwinding events that occur during DNA replication and transcription .
Too much stored energy is not necessarily a good thing , though .
Think about the consequences of disturbing a typical explosive with tremendous strain energy stored in its rings .
In nature , this problem is addressed by having DNA form supercoils , in which the helical axis of the DNA curves itself into a coil .
The supercoil or superhelix structure is one of nature�s solutions to the problem of minimizing the excess energy that builds up when DNA molecules are deformed during the process of storage .
At the same time , whatever energy that is stored gets put to good use , as mentioned previously .
We will look at the supercoiling of closed circular DNA that occurs in prokaryotes , and develop a physical and mathematical model that describes this phenomenon .
This will serve as an introduction to chemical topology and will provide insight into the workings of a class of enzymes known as " topoisomerases " , which control DNA supercoiling .
We already know that the linear form of DNA is the one of minimum energy and , if we can�t have linear DNA , then the next best thing would be to have a closed circle of DNA with a " large " diameter .
If you take a length of double - stranded DNA and tie the ends of each strand together , you have circular DNA .
In doing this , you have curved the axis of the double helix and , if you are careful , you can form a circle ( the helical axis lies in a plane ) .
( 1 ) Take 2 pieces of electrical wire , each with a different color , and wrap one piece around the other to approximate a double helix .
In this construct , each wire represents a sugar - phosphate backbone of a DNA molecule .
Connect the light - colored ends and place it flat on the table .
The axis around which the wires wind is now circular in shape , and parallel to the tabletop .
This configuration , with the axis forming a circle in a plane , is the loop of minimum energy .
You can deform the circle to any other kind of loop in the plane , but the resulting loop of DNA will have a slightly higher energy .
If you further deform the loop so that it is no longer confined to the plane , the energy increases .
If you fold part of the loop over itself one or more times , the energy will be higher still .
Topology is the branch of mathematics that studies properties of objects that are invariant to continuous deformations of the object .
In chemistry we often talk about various kinds of isomers , molecules with the same formula but with different configurations .
Sometimes the connectivity of the atoms is different , sometimes the molecules are non-superimposable mirror images , and so forth .
In a topoisomer , the atom connectivity ( the covalent bonds ) are identical but some other topological property is altered .
In the loop of double stranded DNA , each strand maintains its identity in terms of atom connectedness , no matter how you deform it .
Furthermore , the number of times that one strand wraps around the other also does not change during deformation .
This property is called the " linking number " L k and it is a topological invariant .
If you want to change the linking number , you must break a bond in one of the two strands of DNA .
Without that , the two strands are permanently linked to each other by a " topological bond " .
The topological bond is not a covalent bond , but some covalent bond must be broken in order to change the linking number .
Topoisomerases are enzymes that can change the linking number of circularly wound double - stranded DNA .
( 2 ) It might be difficult to look at a piece of circular DNA and determine the linking number .
We can do a topological experiment with the 2 twisted wires that we formed into a loop to get more insight into the concept .
Since the linking number is a topological constant , that means that no matter how we deform the object , provided it is a continuous deformation ( no " bonds " are broken ) then the linking number remains the same .
Pull one of the wires such that it is stretched into a circle along the plane of the tabletop .
The other wire is twisted around it .
If you stretch an imaginary membrane or drumhead over the wire circle , you can ask yourself how many times the other wire pierces the drumhead from above ( or below ) .
This number is the linking number .
To get a physical understanding of how a topoisomerase changes the linking number , you can do another experiment with the wires : ( 3 ) Carefully detach the ends of one of the wires , leaving the other wire connected to itself .
Swing one end of the loose wire a full turn around the connected wire ( in either direction ) and reattach the ends .
Now determine the new linking number .
It should have changed by � 1 .
If this were DNA , and the first structure that you made with the wires represented the relaxed state , then the new structure with the new linking number is at a higher energy ( less stable ) .
To partially relieve the strain introduced by the change in linking number , the DNA must distort in other ways .
There are , physically , two ways that the DNA can do this : by " twisting " and " writhing " .
Twisting and writhing turn out to be geometric , rather than topologic , properties ; that is , they do change when the molecule is deformed .
It is the combination of twists and writhes that impart the supercoiling , and these occur in response to a change in the linking number .
Remember , it is the topoisomerases that can change the linking number ( some directly and some indirectly ; see below ) , and it is the change in the linking number , D L k , that turns out to be the measure of the supercoiling .
If you compare the D L k to the L k in the relaxed state ( both of which must be integers ) , you get a ratio : D L k /L k = s = the superhelical density .
A s of 0.1 means that 10 % of the helical turns in a sample of DNA ( in its B configuration ) have been removed .
This underwinding results in negative supercoiling .
In a cell , s is usually 5 � 7 % .
Supercoiling turns out to be a very common phenomenon in DNA .
The polyoma viruses and human papilloma viruses contain supercoiled DNA , and mitochondrial DNA is also supercoiled .
The majority of small genomes , including genetic factors for fertility and drug resistance , are supercoiled .
In order for a vector ( like a bacterial plasmid ) to be integrated into a larger piece of DNA , it must be supercoiled .
Natural DNA circles are " underwound " ; their linking numbers are less than their corresponding relaxed circles .
They compensate by twisting and writhing ( i.e. , supercoiling ) .
The supercoiling is not random ; it is highly regulated by the cell and , in particular , each type of cell exhibits its own characteristic supercoiling .
If you start with a circular piece of double stranded DNA and deform it , without making any cuts in the strands , the linking number remains constant , while the twist and writhe change .
The mathematical relationship between these quantities is : L k = T +
W and what is really interesting about this relationship is that a topological property is equal to the sum of two geometric properties .
Unfortunately , twist and writhe are not at all intuitive concepts .
In the special cases in which axis of the double helix remains in a plane or on the surface of a sphere , then twist equals the linking number , and there is no writhe , but all other cases are considerably more complex .
In order to get a better feel for these geometric properties , it is helpful to look more closely at our model for DNA and at the mathematics of supercoiling .
A simple model for DNA is that of a ribbon , where each edge of the ribbon represents a sugar - phosphate backbone , and with one edge having a " direction " opposite to the other .
The center of the ribbon is its symmetry axis , though , and when you twist the ribbon to approximate a linear piece of double - stranded DNA , the symmetry axis winds around the axis of the double helix .
( 4 ) Take a strip of paper , about 6 " � 12 " long , and draw a line ( the axis ) down the center of it .
Now , wrap the paper around a dowel rod ( a pencil will do ) .
Notice how the axis curves in a helical manner .
The mathematics ars a lot simpler if the symmetry axis coincided with the double helix axis , and the ribbon representation of the DNA can be modified as follows to achieve this .
If you look at a diagram of DNA , you will see that there is an axis , in the plane of each base pair , around which the bases can be rotated 180 degrees such that the base pairs switch places .
Since the base pairs are not totally identical to each other , this is not a true symmetry axis , so it is called a " pseudodyad " axis .
There is also a similar axis between each successive nucleotide pair .
In the new ribbon model of DNA , a line drawn down the center of the ribbon represents the axis of the double helix and , when the ribbon is twisted around this line , the pseudodyad axes are always perpendicular to the surface of the ribbon at the double - helix axis of the ribbon .
If you think about another line that is perpendicular to the plane formed by these 2 lines and that intersects the plane at the crossing of these two lines , then you can imagine a base situated at each end of this new line .
The edges of the ribbon are assigned opposite directions .
( 5 ) Take a wide rubber band that has been cut and draw a line longitudinally down the center of the strip .
Twist the ribbon around the line , gently pulling each end as you twist .
The line is the helix axis .
Pick any point on the line and insert a straight pin perpendicular to it .
The pin represents the pseudodyad axis .
That is the model for DNA that is typically used .
You will see that , although the edges do not coincide with the sugar - phosphate backbone , when we manipulate this model , the edges will represent the DNA backbones .
If you were now to connect the two ends of the rubber band together , you would have a circular piece of DNA in which there were no helices .
In this case , the edges , which represent the backbone of each strand , are not linked , as there are no covalent bonds between them ( only H - bond interactions between the bases ) .
If you twist the ribbon a few complete revolutions and then attach the ends , now you have closed circular helical DNA .
Now the edges are " linked " .
( 6 ) Take the strip of paper and twist it one complete turn .
Attach the two ends with a piece of tape .
Take a scissor and cut carefully along the center line that you drew , and pull gently .
The two loops are linked by a chain of two .
Since each loop represents the covalent backbone of a DNA strand , the two strands are linked by a " topological bond " .
You cannot separate the strands unless you cut one of them ( that is , you have to break a covalent bond ) .
No matter how you deform these two curves , the linking number remains " 1 " Since the edges were given orientations , we have to take this into account when we determine how two curves are linked .
If you had made a clockwise turn in the ribbon before joining the ends and cutting , the topological relationship would be opposite to that which would occur had you first twisted it counterclockwise .
( The relationship between the two can also be seen by putting one of them in front of a mirror and looking at its reflection . )
Given two curves linked in three - dimensional space , the following procedure will give you the correct linking number :
Project the curves onto a two - dimensional surface , being careful to note which curve lies over the other whenever two curves cross .
Whenever two curves cross , assign either a + 1 or a � 1 depending on which way the top piece must be rotated to coincide with the bottom .
If clockwise , assign +1 ; if counterclockwise , assign � 1 .
Add up all of the crossing numbers and divide by " 2 " .
( 7 ) Determine the L k for each of the projections on the handout .
Linking number as a topological constant should now be perfectly clear .
This is important of you are to understand the physical and mathematical consequences of DNA being underwound in the cell ( at least for part of the time ) .
To summarize thus far : ( 1 ) Relaxed DNA is in the " B " configuration , with ~ 10 base pairs per helical turn .
( 2 ) The following structures are consistent with the relaxed state : ( a ) Linear DNA ( either straight or curved ) ( b ) Closed circular DNA , provided its axis lies in a plane or on the surface of a sphere .
( 3 ) In any other naturally found geometry , the DNA is either under - or overwound .
Its helical axis does not lie in a plane or on the surface of a sphere because of writhing and twisting of it .
This is the physical solution to the potential ( torsional ) energy minimization problem . ( 4 ) A linking number is (+ ) for right - hand turns and ( -) for left - hand turns .
( 5 ) Linking numbers are invariant to continuous deformation .
( 6 ) Linking numbers can be changed by discontinuous deformation : cutting .
( 7 ) If the linking number is changed from its relaxed value , the amount of change , D L k , is the measure of supercoiling .
( 8 ) DNA in its natural state is underwound by about 5 � 7 % .
At this point , it�s a good idea to mention that supercoiling is not necessarily the only solution to the problem of normalizing the number of base pairs per helix in an unwound piece of DNA .
You could also separate the two strands by breaking the hydrogen bonds between complementary bases in contiguous base pairs until the remaining DNA has the correct number of base per per turn .
In terms of energy needed , though , it requires a lot more energy to break the H - bonds than to supercoil .
Nevertheless , strand separation does occur during replication and transcription and it turns out that it is the physics of the underwinding that facilitates the strand separation .
Cruciform structures also require some unpairing of the base pairs and , again , it is the underwinding that maintains the required strand separation .
How , then , are linking numbers of DNA changed in the cell ?
Two classes of enzymes are involved in changing of a linking number : ( 1 ) Type I topoisomerases :
They break one strand , rotate the end of the broken strand around the intact strand , and then seal the ends .
( " Nicking - closing " enzymes ) ( 2 ) Type II topoisomerases :
They break both strands , rotate both ends by 360 degrees and then reconnect the respective ends .
In this case , D L k = � 2 .
In E.Coli , type IA includes Topoisomerase I and Topoisomerase III , and they generally relax DNA by removing negative supercoils , increasing the L k in units of +1 .
Type II topoisomerase , of which " DNA gyrase " is an example .
It can introduce negative supercoils by decreasing the linking number in units of " 2 " .
In eukaryotic cells , there are two Topoisomerase Is ( IA and IB ) and one Topoisomerase II .
Both types can relax both positive and negative supercoils , but neither can introduce negative supercoils ( neither can underwind DNA ) .
To understand how topoisomerases work , it is necessary to look more closely at how the linking number is related to twisting and writhing .
We already stated that L k = T + W , and that T and W are geometric , structural properties whose values change during deformation .
When you turned the strip of paper 360 degrees before taping together the ends , you imparted a twist to it .
Twist has something to do with spatial relationships between neighboring base pairs .
The next exercise will give you a more intuitive feel for the concept of twist .
( 8 ) Take the wide rubber band with the line drawn down its center and draw series of arrows perpendicular to it down the entire length and pointing to one edge only .
Now twist the ends 360 degrees in a right - handed direction by holding each end , twisting clockwise , and pulling gently .
( By convention , such a twist has a value of +1 ) .
The arrows swing around the helical axis , and their 2 - dimensional projection " shrinks " down to nothing at the first node , only to reappear at the second node steadily increase again .
The rate of rotation of the arrow with respect to the length of the helix axis is the twist .
If you twist the ends by 720 degrees , you will see that the arrow rotates around the axis twice for the same length .
Twist is altered by deformation and twist is a local phenomenon .
The total twist is the sum of all of the local twists .
The trivial case of twist = 0 results from connecting the ends of the rubber band without imparting any torsional strain ( by twisting ) to the band .
Here , you can see that the arrows remain up ( or down ) along the circumference and don�t change in length .
But , in this example , the L k is zero , also .
( 9 ) Twist the ends of the band a full 360 degrees clockwise , and notice the twist .
Attach the ends ( you can staple them together or just hold them together with your fingers ) .
Let the rubber band relax on the tabletop .
Notice that it will relax into a figure of eight , and that all of the arrows are pointing in roughly the same direction .
What can you say about the total twist in this case ?
What is the linking number ?
Notice that , if the helical axis is constrained to lie in a plane , the twist , T , is always equal to the linking number , Lk .
Twist can be geometrically quantified .
Let the angle that the helical turn makes with the horizontal be " a " .
If there are " N " turns , each with the same inclination angle , then the total twist is Nsin a .
This example will come in handy when we look at writhe , " W " .
Writhe is a measure of the coiling of a superhelix , and it is a geometric , structural property like twist and subject to changes as deformation occurs .
If you know both L k and T , then W equals L k - T .
When the helical axis lies in a plane , as in linear or curved DNA or in closed circular DNA , or when it lies on the surface of a sphere , then L k = T and W=0 .
The following three experiments will give an intuitive understanding of writhe .
( 10 ) Wrap a wide rubber band around a cylinder with a screwtop lid that is in a closed position .
You might have to secure the band to the top and bottom of the cylinder with tape .
What is the L k , T , and W ?
Now , twist the top counterclockwise a turn or two .
Try to compensate for the deformational effect of the friction between the band and the container .
What is L k ?
Try to estimate the value of T ( you will need " a " ) and then W. ( 11 ) A thought experiment : A telephone cord in its relaxed state has its helical axis twisted into a solenoid ( a coiled coil ) .
This is almost all writhe and almost no twist .
Stretch the cord so that the axis is almost straight .
Now , there is almost no writhe but mostly twist .
By now , you should have a sense that twist is a measure of deformation due to a twisting motion , while writhe is a measure of bending .
When the linking number is reduced in closed circular DNA , the molecule supercoils by minimizing twisting and bending .
The following experiment is a classroom demonstration , which you can also do on your own .
( 12 ) Take a 3 or 4 � length of flexible rubber tubing and lay it flat on the table .
In this state , there should be no twist to the tubing .
With a colored marker , draw a line on the top of the tube for its entire length .
Draw a similar line opposite to that line ( on the bottom surface of the tubing ) .
These two lines will represent the 2 strands of DNA .
Now wrap the tubing around a cylinder for a number of turns in a left - handed direction .
One thing that might happen is that the tube twists as you wrap it .
We don�t want this to happen , so we can relieve most of the twist by wrapping as horizontally as we can and by keeping the set of lines that we drew oriented parallel to the cylinder wall .
Attach the loose ends with tape , making sure to minimize the twist .
The lines that you drew should run into each other .
The structure that you made is called a left - handed solenoidal superhelix .
Carefully remove the solenoid from its template , the cylinder .
What you will observe is that , when removed from the cylinder , it jumps into an interwound right - handed superhelix .
If there were " N " turns in the left - handed solenoid , then there will be N / 2 upward turns and N / 2 downward turns in the interwound superhelix .
If the helical pitch , a 1 , is small for the solenoid , it will be large ( a 2 ) for the interwound superhelix .
What is the linking number for each of the configurations ?
What approximations can you make for the twist and writhe for each ?
In non-dividing eukaryotic cells , chromosomal DNA is wrapped around a nucleosome core which consists of highly basic proteins called histones .
This is the fundamental unit of organization of chromatin and the individual nucleosomes are regularly arranged as " beads on a string " connected by linker DNA .
The DNA is wrapped around the nucleosome in a left - handed solenoidal arrangement .
This negative supercoiling is one of the forms taken up by underwound DNA .
How can eukaryotic DNA be underwound if they do not have enzymes that decrease the linking number ?
This can be demonstrated as follows : ( 13 ) Take a large rubber band , of medium width and lay it flat on the table top .
It should assume a relaxed state and thereby represent closed circular DNA .
Take a sphere about the size of a ping pong ball , and wrap the rubber band around it in such a way that you make a left - handed solenoid of one complete turn in which there is no twist ( the rubber band lies flat against the sphere ) .
Notice that ( 1 ) you have not altered the L k of the rubber band and ( 2 ) a compensatory positive supercoil has occurred in the free part of the rubber band .
Eukaryotic topoisomerases can relax positive ( and negative ) supercoils .
If you cut through the rubber band and reattach the ends after removing the supercoil , you will be left with a negative supercoil fixed to the nucleosome , and a change in L k of � 1 .
Further explore the structure of the nucleosome .
We mentioned Z- DNA previously , and commented that reversible transitions of DNA segments , under appropriate conditions , between their B - and Z - forms , may be important in regulation of gene expression .
Each change of a right - hand turn to a left - hand turn would be associated with the removal of two supercoils .
The resulting , more relaxed state of the B - DNA that remains , would present previously unaccessible segments of DNA to potential interactions with proteins .
A Look at Topoisomerases in More Detail Link here to see Power Point presentation on DNA Structure : DNA STRUCTURE
Link here to see Power Point presentation on Topoisomerases : Slide 1 Link to Study Questions : StudyQwsDNATop.doc
In the next lecture , we will study DNA - protein interactions .
Such interactions are very important when looking at regulation of DNA transcription and replication .
I 'll assume that you know the basics regarding both DNA transcription onto mRNA and DNA duplication .
Link here to get to the DNA - protein Interaction Page : DNA - protein Interactions
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Sitting down ?
It 's time to tally up the federal government 's bailout tab .
There was $ 29 billion for Bear Stearns , $ 345 billion for Citigroup .
The Federal Reserve put up $ 600 billion to guarantee money market deposits and has aggressively driven down interest rates to essentially zero .
The list goes on and on .
All told , Congress , the Treasury Department , the Federal Reserve and other agencies have taken dozens of steps to prop up the economy .
Total price tag so far : $ 7.2 trillion in investment and loans .
That puts a lot of taxpayer money at risk .
Now comes President - elect Barack Obama 's economic stimulus plan , some details of which were made public on Monday .
The tally is getting awfully close to $ 8 trillion .
Obama 's plan would combine tax cuts with infrastructure job creation efforts .
Economists say it could serve as an integral piece to the government 's remaining economic recovery puzzle .
" This plan will be the first direct tool to make additions to disposable income , " said Lyle Gramley , an economist with Stanford Group and former Fed governor .
" None of the other efforts have done that directly . "
Gramley said that a stimulus program from the government is a necessary complement to the Fed 's traditional rate - cutting tool .
Together with existing actions , stimulus can provide a wider reach to the government 's economic intervention .
" Monetary stimulus alone is not enough - it must be combined with fiscal stimulus if you want more bang for your buck , " he noted .
But the new program , which Obama aides have said could total $ 775 billion , will also weigh heavily on the ballooning federal deficit .
The current fiscal year is barely a few months old and already the government is running a deficit exceeding $ 400 billion -- nearly the same amount as all of last year .
Many economists believe it will top $ 1 trillion , not even counting stimulus .
Some say that the benefits of massive spending outweigh the cost of inaction .
" While it seems like quite a lot , we do n't really need to focus on the cost due to the depth of the recession , " said Mark Vitner , economist with Wachovia .
Others , while saying that government action is needed , question the vast sums that are being allocated and proposed .
" The government says it can spend the money better than you can , but that has n't been the case in the past , " said Bill Beach , director of the center for data analysis at the conservative - leaning Heritage Foundation .
" That will really show up when they have to raise taxes in the future to make up for the increasing deficit . "
Step 1 : Trying to stave off the recession
So where does Obama 's plan fit in with Uncle Sam 's unprecedented onslaught of efforts to stabilize the economy ?
The story begins more than a year ago with the Federal Reserve .
In September 2007 , with the housing market in its early decline and credit markets showing signs of trouble , the Fed began to lower its key fund rates from 5.25 % in an attempt to boost economic activity and ward off a recession .
The economy nevertheless entered a recession in December 2007 .
Though the Fed rate is now at a targeted level of close to 0 % , economists have noticed little change by way of increased availability of credit , lower private interest rates or a booming stock market .
" None of those things have happened , " said Gramley .
" Fed policy has not had any kind of impact like it normally has , even as the Fed lowered the funds rate a long way . "
Concerned about the threat of a recession , lawmakers passed $ 168 billion in tax breaks to consumers and businesses in February of last year .
The aim : boost spending , which accounts for more than two - thirds of the nation 's gross domestic product .
The rebates had a short - lived impact , helping to boost GDP 2.8 % in the second quarter of 2008 , compared to a measly 0.9 % in the first quarter .
But last summer 's rapidly rising fuel prices undid the spending trend , sending GDP down 0.5 % in the third quarter .
Step 2 : Stopping the bleeding
The credit crisis that began in mid-September unwound any hopes of staving off a recession .
The government 's focus instead became a massive effort to keep systemically significant institutions from collapsing .
After Bear Stearns ' $ 29 billion bailout in March , and the $ 200 billion government takeover of mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) in early September , the Treasury and Fed shifted bailout efforts into top gear after Sep. 15 .
They bailed out AIG for $ 152.5 billion , Citigroup for $ 325 billion and the automakers for $ 23.4 billion in just the past few months .
Treasury also took hold of the $ 700 billion Emergency Economic Stabilization Act , dedicating $ 250 billion to capital investments in banks .
In a status report delivered last week , Treasury said its efforts have prevented widespread failure of financial institutions , but they conceded that the credit crisis wo n't ease until the economy recovers .
" The financial system is fundamentally more stable than it was when Congress passed the legislation , " said the report .
" As long as confidence remains low , banks will remain cautious about extending credit , and consumers and businesses will remain cautious about taking on new loans . "
Step 3 : Recovery efforts
To help the economy heal , the government has committed record sums since September 2008 in an attempt to restore the flow of credit , boost the job and housing markets and - with Obama 's plan - get consumers spending again .
In the past three months , the Federal Reserve launched a $ 600 billion money market guarantee program , a $ 1.4 trillion program to boost the commercial paper market - a key source of short - term business financing , a $ 200 billion consumer loan - backed securities purchasing program , a $ 500 billion mortgage - backed securities purchasing program and a $ 100 billion program to buy up Fannie and Freddie debt .
As a result , the Fed 's balance sheet - the total worth of the assets the Fed obtained as a result of its lending - currently totals $ 2.3 trillion , up from $ 933 billion on the week before Lehman Brothers collapsed .
Obama 's estimated $ 775 billion plan could serve as the next step in the recovery efforts .
While most of the Fed 's programs have been aimed at boosting lending , Obama 's economic stimulus plan is aimed primarily at job creation and consumer spending .
I ’m a big believer in eating a good breakfast to start your day .
A healthy , high - protein , low - fat breakfast provides the fuel you need to get going in the morning .
The problem is that most mornings are really busy .
When your alarm goes off , you have to take a shower , get dressed , find your stuff , complete a little task or two , and if you have kids , help them get ready for the day as well .
To put it simply , most mornings we do n’t have time to prepare such a breakfast .
Of course , one could stop by a fast food place or a coffee shop for a quick breakfast , but that eats five or ten minutes during the commute – and is ridiculously expensive , too .
A tiny breakfast burrito from a fast food restaurant costs two bucks , is pretty unhealthy , and does n’t taste all that great , either .
A cup of coffee and a pastry from Starbucks might hit the spot , but is it really worth five or six bucks every day ?
My solution to all of these problems is pretty simple : just make a big batch of healthy breakfast burritos during the weekend and freeze them up .
Not only are the burritos really healthy , they ’re also very cheap to prepare , and they ’re very convenient in the morning since you can microwave them as you ’re getting ready and eat them on the go .
You can make a big pile of healthy , tasty breakfast burritos for less than seventy five cents a pop in less than an hour .
In fact , I recently did it myself and I ’ll walk you through the whole process .
The Stuff You Need
All you need for your basic burritos are 32 burrito - sized flour tortillas , two dozen eggs , four cans of black beans , a jar of salsa , some saran wrap , and some green onions ( optional ) and shredded cheese ( optional ) .
That ’s all you need to make thirty two delicious breakfast burritos .
Let ’s figure up the total cost .
Three dozen tortillas – $ 8.85 ( $ 2.95 per dozen )
Two dozen eggs – $ 4.40 ( $ 2.20 per dozen )
Four cans of black beans – $ 6.00 ( $ 1.50 per can )
Saran wrap – $ 3.95
Jar of salsa – $ 2.95
Total cost – $ 26.15 ( $ 0.72 per burrito )
You can easily save $ 4 on the black beans by buying a bag of dried black beans and boiling them yourself , but it would add some significant time to the cooking process .
( And remember to take advantage of the opportunity if you have a cash back credit card with a grocery bonus . )
Preparing the Burritos
If you ’re adding any vegetables ( see below , “ Some Optional Ideas ” ) , put these in a medium pot and cook them over medium high heat for a few minutes before doing anything else .
This caramelizes onions and peppers , for example .
Open up all of the cans of beans and drain off the sauce .
I put the beans in a strainer and run water over the top because I do not like the sauce that beans are packed in .
Crack all of the eggs into a bowl and beat them with a fork until they ’re roughly consistent .
Pour this egg mixture into a medium pot ( with the vegetables , if you ’re using them ) and begin cooking the eggs over medium heat .
Stir them constantly , scraping any cooking eggs off of the bottom of the pan .
As soon as the eggs just start to cook , add all of the beans to the pot .
Keep cooking the egg / bean / vegetable mix , stirring continuously and scraping eggs off the bottom and side of the pan , until the eggs are thoroughly cooked .
Remove from heat .
Take out a single tortilla and put a large spoonful of egg mixture onto the tortilla ( about two heaping tablespoons ) .
Put a tablespoon or so of salsa on top , along with anything extra ( see below , “ Some Optional Ideas ” ) .
You ’ll want to put the eggs and salsa in the middle of the burrito , near the bottom , as shown below .
Folding these up is easy .
First , fold over the sides of the burrito , mostly covering the ingredients …
… then just roll this up from the bottom tightly .
Burrito ’s done !
Just wrap it in Saran Wrap and move onto the next one .
In the end , I wound up with thirty two burritos and a bit of leftover eggs and beans which I ’m saving for lunch .
The entire process , by myself with no help , took about an hour .
The burritos themselves cost about seventy cents a piece , though I could have done things to make them cheaper ( like using dried beans and cooking them myself and using cheaper ingredients ) .
Some Optional Ideas
Here are a few good optional things that can jazz these up some more .
Spicing the eggs
While cooking the egg mixture , add one or more of these : tarragon , chili powder , garlic powder , black pepper , red pepper .
Green onions or peppers Chop up some green onions or peppers and cook them in the pan for a few minutes before you add the eggs .
Tip : if you do green onions , use scissors to cut them up directly over the pot instead of using a knife .
Cheese
Put a bit of grated cheddar cheese on top of the eggs and salsa just before you close up the burritos .
Warming Up the Burritos
Reheating these burritos is quite easy – and they do n’t have to be dry , either .
Simply take a burrito out of the freezer , take off the saran wrap , and wrap the burrito in a paper towel .
Put it in the microwave on defrost for two minutes , then cook on high for a minute and a half or so .
This will produce a warm , moist burrito .
You may need to play with the exact times a bit depending on your elevation , your microwave , and the size of the burrito you made .
Let it cool for a minute or two in the microwave , then you can easily carry the burrito with you in the paper towel .
The paper towel will help prevent any leakage and can provide a napkin when you ’re finished .
These burritos are ovo-vegetarian , quite healthy , delicious , and packed with protein .
You can prepare them in just a few minutes in the microwave when you ’re busy in the morning and , best of all , they cost less than a dollar .
Sounds like a deal to me .
Posted on April 17 , 2009 in Political Cartoons
See Also : CNN Goes Hard , Take the Tea Bag Challenge , Texas will secede and you ’ll finally get that pony , My favorite tea party pic , A Question For The Tea Partyers , The Tea Parties : A Warning For Obama , “ They do n’t know f*ck all about tyranny ” , A Taxing Subject , Tea Party - Fox News Alliance A Big Boon To The Left , Red Eye Skewers MSM Tea Party Coverage ! , CNN ’s Conception of Patriots , and The Million Taxpayer March .
[ tags ] barack hussein obama , hitler , is obama hitler , osama bin laden , fascism , socialism , karl marx , tea party protests , barack obama , democrats , spendocrats , holocaust , tax payers , tax payers are obamas jews , tea parties , tea protests , teabaggers , idiots , morons , in pictures , photographs , white america [ / tags ]
If you 've been looking to make a little bank off that awesome flatulence soundboard you put together for the G1 , take heart : Google 's ready for you .
As expected , it 's been announced that developers can now submit end - user pricing for applications in the US version of the Android Market , with Germany , Austria , the Netherlands , France , and Spain coming later in the quarter .
It 's no big surprise that Google Checkout is the only form of payment accepted , which publishers can sign up for right from the dev site .
As for you Yanks , look for the first paid apps to be available for download in the middle of next week .
Update :
We 've just gotten official word from T - Mobile that the G1's RC33 build -- which has just been rolled out to owners -- contains paid app support .
Thumbs - up for spending money !
VANCOUVER–The lawyer for one of the RCMP officers scheduled to appear before the Taser inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski revealed this morning that the Polish government is considering questioning police for legal proceedings .
David Butcher , representing Const .
Bill Bentley , filed a motion asking for restrictions on the official transcripts from the inquiry .
Butcher did not go into details on whether the officers have received notice but hinted that there are proceedings under way .
Dziekanski , a Polish citizen , left his home in southern Poland in October 2007 to start a new life in Canada .
At the Vancouver International Airport , he was left wandering for hours when he could not make connect with his mother , Zofia Cisowski , who had travelled three hours from Kamloops to pick him up .
Dziekanski , 40 , was shot five times with a Taser gun and died minutes later .
" There is a court order that will enable ( the government of Poland ) to interview witnesses , " said Butcher .
Butcher said he's not trying to stop news of the proceedings from being transmitted internationally .
It 's unclear whether the Polish government is seeking to charge the officers involved in the incident .
The matter of restricting the transcripts was adjourned until later .
Poland 's consul general in Vancouver is attending the inquiry as an observer .
For a third day , Const .
Gerry Rundel , a two - year veteran of the force , was on the witness stand .
Under aggressive questioning , Rundel said repeatedly that Dziekanski appeared to be acting aggressively when he picked up a stapler .
" In training , when anything is grabbed and somebody goes to a combative stance , that object — no matter what it is , whether it's a stapler or anything else — is considered a weapon , " said Rundel .
" There 's no doubt in my mind that he took up a combative stance and he intended to harm us officers and anyone else in the public was also a possibility .
No doubt in my mind . "
Read more about :
There I was , browsing through the Ikea catalog , when I came upon this remarkable chair .
On first blush it looks like those ill - fated ergonomic chairs of the 1980s , but it ’s really just a bench at two heights .
The user is meant to straddle the lower height and use the upper to rest his arms while holding a videogame controller , avoiding the strenuous and annoying work of holding up his own arms .
Even more remarkable is the seat ’s name : Jesper .
No matter the commonality of this forename , surely we can only conclude that this product represents the Swedish company ’s attempt to take advantage of fellow scandinavian and well - known games researcher Jesper Juul .
The difference between him and his namesake bench ?
Juul can hold his own arms up while playing videogames .
Thank god someone , somewhere digitizes Ellen every day for posterity , because today the Where the Wild Things
Are trailer premiered , and holy shit :
I 'll probably have more to say on this later , but right now I 'm busy re-watching it over and over .
This film looks like warm Krispy Kreme donuts taste .
( Thanks , Jonah . )
The Egg : Fountain Of Youth For Sperm
Botox and face lifts only give the appearance that you 've turned back the clock , and although expensive procedural looks are deceiving , your telomeres do n't lie .
As your cells divide , telomeres become shorter , eventually leading to cell death over time .
Unfortunately , scientists are far from curing this universal " disease " known as aging .
However , understanding the mechanisms of aging will have a more immediate impact on the development of stem cell therapies , and researchers at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden have discovered that the female egg is capable of reversing this telomere molecular clock .
In stem cell therapy , stem cells are introduced into areas of damaged tissue .
To create healthy replacement tissue , somatic cell nuclei of the patient are inserted into undifferentiated cells ( egg cells for example ) .
These transformed cells now have the capacity to develop into any tissue type that the patient requires .
On paper , this approach to cure damaged tissue sounds " simple . "
But alas , since molecular biology is involved , surely we know better than to make such an assumption .
Case in point : the telomere shortening problem .
Telomeres are specialized genetic structures at the very ends of chromosomes .
Their primary function is to protect genes that are more internally located on chromosomes during replication .
When cells complete replicating their genetic material , an enzyme called " telomerase " is recruited which is responsible for the production of telomeres .
Unlike unicellular organisms , eukaryotes have a limited supply of telomerase and that supply is dependent on how many divisions the cell has previously gone through .
In prior research , telomere shortening has been shown to limit the life span of stem cells .
Since telomere length is a function of age , transferring the aged nuclei of donors into undifferentiated cells to promote new tissue growth is recognized as a potentially serious problem .
Therefore , establishing precisely how telomere length affects stem cell longevity is crucial in the development of therapeutic strategies .
The best evidence that supports the notion that telomeres have a direct role in organismal aging comes from studying diseases such as Werner Syndrome which is characterized by having an abnormally high rate of telomere attrition .
In contrast , cancer cells are often found to have increased levels of telomerase which is believed to be partially responsible for their immortality .
As telomerase supplies deplete in normal cells , the cells become less efficient at sustaining optimal telomere length .
Telomere attrition can cause abnormalities during cell division and even alter the expression of other genes that reside next to telomeres ( this is known as the " telomere position effect " ) .
Although there is a great deal of concern with decreasing stem cell life span as a consequence of introducing aged nuclei , researchers have discovered that egg cells are able to re-extend depleted telomeres , thus turning back the molecular clock .
" The genetic stability of the transplanted cells has been a serious concern until now , and it was feared that the life time of these cells would depend on the age of the cell nucleus that was transferred .
Our results suggest that this is not the case , " explains Associate Professor Tomas Simonsson .
It is well documented that the age of a mother is correlated with an increased risk for fetal genetic abnormalities .
In other words , the age of a female 's egg cell directly affects the health of a developing fetus .
Males on the other hand , are fertile throughout life and their age does not reduce fetal health .
However , this does not imply that male sperm nuclei are not susceptible to telomere aging .
With these facts in mind , it was speculated that perhaps the female egg might actually extend sperm telomeres —t he Swedish research team proved this .
" We are the first to show that egg cells have the ability to rejuvenate other cells , and this is an important result for future stem cell research , " says Simonsoon .
The discovery that the egg cell can extend the telomeres of a fertilizing sperm cell is important because it can be used as an undifferentiated cell in stem cell therapy .
Upon patient nuclei introduction , this research suggests that eggs cells have the potential to elongate aged telomeres .
To date , reprogrammed stem cells have only been used in animal experimentation .
Although the telomere shortening problem may have been solved , more research is necessary considering other literature suggests that other known and possibly unknown variables also play a role in stem cell vitality .
Overall , it is only a matter of time before stem cell therapy becomes an available treatment option for diseases such as Parkinson's , Diabetes Type I and Muscular Dystrophy .
References :
Blasco , M. A. ( 2007 ) .
Telomere length , stem cells and aging .
Nature Chemical Biology 3(10):640-649 .
Ljubuncic , P. and Reznick , A. Z. ( 2009 ) .
The evolutionary theories of aging revisited ; a mini-review .
Gerontology 55:205-216 .
Marion , R. M. , Strati , K. , Li , H. , Tejera , A. , Schoeftner , S. , Ortega , S. , Serrano , M. , Blasco , M. A. ( 2009 ) .
Telomeres acquire embryonic stem cell characteristics in induced pluripotent stem cells .
Cell Stem Cell 4:141-154 .
Amazing customer service
Contact us should you have any problems with your product or order .
We have agents available from 9 AM to 5 PM PST Monday - Friday .
We are here to help .
Getty Images
HIS bedside manner would unnerve the most stoical of patients .
In the past eight years , says Barack Obama , health - insurance premiums have grown four times faster than wages .
Every year a million Americans lose their coverage .
The crushing cost of health care causes a bankruptcy every 30 seconds , and by the end of the year it could cause 1.5 m
Americans to lose their homes .
In short , America 's health - care system is sick , and “ there 's no easy formula ” for fixing it .
After the financial crisis , health reform is Mr Obama 's most urgent domestic priority .
This week he named his second choice for health secretary ( Kathleen Sebelius , the governor of Kansas ) and was due to convene a health summit at the White House as The Economist went to press .
His first choice for the health job , Tom Daschle , had clout on Capitol Hill and a mastery of health - care policy , but had not paid all his taxes and so had to drop out .
Mrs Sebelius is no lightweight .
As the Democratic governor of a Republican state , she is used to working with the centre .
As a former state insurance commissioner , she knows the subject .
But her own efforts at health reform in Kansas came to little .
If confirmed , she is more likely to implement policy than to drive it .
Mr Obama also named Nancy - Ann DeParle , a veteran of the Clinton era health - reform battles , as director of the White House Office for Health Reform .
Mr Daschle would have done both of these jobs .
The two women have a tough task .
America spends at least twice as much per head on health care as other rich countries .
Yet for $ 2.2 trillion a year — twice the GDP of India — Americans get mediocre results .
They die , on average , nearly two years earlier than west Europeans .
Some 46 m of them lack health insurance .
And ever - rising medical costs could break the budget .
Mr Obama promises several reforms .
He has already signed an expansion of state health insurance for children .
And he promised on February 26th to set aside more than $ 630 billion over ten years as a “ down - payment ” towards making health care affordable for everyone .
Mr Obama wants to oblige all parents to obtain health insurance for their children , subsidising those who cannot afford it .
He would create a national health - insurance exchange to help individuals and small firms join larger risk pools and so reduce their premiums .
He would bar private insurers from rejecting people because of pre-existing illnesses , and offer everyone the option of buying into a government health plan .
It is too early to say what kind of reform bill will eventually emerge from Congress .
Unlike Hillary Clinton in the 1990s , Mr Obama favours a gradual approach to reform , refusing for example to make it compulsory for everyone to buy health insurance , at least for now .
Nonetheless , his proposals are radical .
He insists that Americans who like the health insurance they currently get through their employer can keep it .
But Michael Tanner of the Cato Institute , a libertarian think - tank , predicts that government insurance will crowd out private insurance .
The government could offer insurance cheaply by dumping part of the cost on future taxpayers , and so crush its private competitors .
If that happens , hospitals will be squeezed .
Currently , patients with private insurance cross-subsidise those in government schemes .
( A typical hospital enjoys a profit margin of 48 % on each privately insured patient and suffers a 44 % loss on each patient covered by Medicaid , the government programme for the poor , according to McKinsey , a consultancy . )
If that subsidy disappears because there are fewer private patients left to pay it , hospitals will have to cut back .
European - style queues may form , the sceptics fret .
Mr Obama dismisses such fears .
He says he can expand coverage while curbing costs by cutting waste and encouraging healthy living .
Critics grumble that he provides few details .
He wants to computerise medical records , of course .
He would promote “ evidence - based medicine ” ( the novel idea that you measure what works and offer only treatments that do ) .
The facts on the ground
And Obamaworld is buzzing with ideas to help people keep fit .
Taxes on booze , cigarettes and sugary drinks , which are low by rich world standards , could rise .
There is talk of making companies install gyms in the same way as they do fire escapes .
Some favour giving people a “ nudge ” ( the title of a recent book popular among Obamaites ) to live more healthily .
For example , people eat less if restaurants serve smaller portions ; children eat better if the school cafeteria puts healthy food at eye level .
The cultural obstacles to all this , however , may be greater than Mr Obama 's lean , sporty advisers understand .
Consider the shoppers at the Save - A - Lot supermarket in Hamlin , West Virginia .
At the beginning of the month , when the food stamps arrive , they snap up buckets of lard so big that the label says : “ Warning — Children can fall into bucket and drown . ”
The manager , Key - Ray Adkins , shrugs : “ People now say lard is n't good for you .
But it 's what we grew up with . ”
Hamlin is near the Huntington metro area , one of the unhealthiest in America .
Some 77 % of adults are overweight ; an incredible 46 % are clinically obese .
Some 13 % of adults have diabetes , 22 % of those over the age of 45 have heart disease , and nearly half the over - 65s have lost all their teeth .
The local cuisine dates back to the days when people burned off calories at work .
But the coal mines these days use more machines and fewer people .
“ That 's good , in that people are n't getting torn apart [ in mining accidents ] , ” says Rob Walker , a local doctor .
“ But bad in that they are gaining a lot of weight . ”
Some 26 % of West Virginians smoke too , despite the warning on every packet and 16 % of the men chew tobacco , the highest rate in the country .
Because West Virginians are unhealthy , they cost a lot to insure .
The Riedel - Wilks building firm in Huntington , for example , saw its premiums soar by nearly a quarter in the past year because the boss fell ill .
Paul Riedel , the firm 's president , needed $ 58,000 - worth of treatment for diabetes and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
A couple of his middle - aged colleagues racked up large bills , too .
“ A big illness can knock [ a small firm ] sideways , ” says Mr Riedel .
Some firms stop offering health insurance .
Under Mr Obama 's plan , they will have to pay a penalty for this , but probably less than the amount they save by dropping coverage .
Firms that go on offering insurance must worry about things unrelated to their true business , such as whether a prospective employee has a chronically sick child .
“ You can't legally discriminate , but no sane employer would hire that person , ” says a local businessman .
Roman Prezioso , a Democratic state senator in West Virginia , is not holding his breath for Mr Obama to shake up the system .
“ How many times have we heard that ? ” he asks .
Regardless of what happens in Washington , “ it 's up to us ” to boost preventive care , he reckons .
What works , he says , is making sure people have a primary - care doctor who knows them well and can recommend not only treatment but also lifestyle changes .
Dr Walker is one of those .
He says that you need to know your patients to be able to persuade them .
“ You may say : ‘ Eat less salt because you have high blood pressure . '
He may reply : ‘ But I feel fine . '
You have to be able to say : ‘ I know , but your wife and your three kids need you to be around for a long time . ' ”
Geologists have mapped 6,000 miles of large rock formations in the United States that could be used to store some of the excess carbon dioxide building up in Earth ’s atmosphere .
The carbon dioxide released by fossil fuel burning has been continually accumulating in the atmosphere since the start of the Industrial Revolution .
While some of the greenhouse gas is taken up by plants and absorbed by the ocean , a significant amount is still hanging out in the air , trapping some of the heat that Earth 's surface would otherwise radiate to space and thereby warming the globe .
Scientists and engineers have proposed several ways to artificially trap and store some of this excess carbon dioxide in underground aquifers and other large rock formations .
Now scientists at Columbia University ’s Earth Institute and the U.S. Geological Survey have surveyed the United States and found 6,000 square miles ( 15,500 square kilometers ) of so - called ultramafic rocks at or near the surface that could be ideal for storing the excess gas .
The locations of the rocks are detailed in a USGS report .
Originating deep in the earth , these rocks contain minerals that react naturally with carbon dioxide to form solid minerals , a process called mineral carbonation that could make for an ideal storage mechanism .
Other so - called carbon sequestration schemes have focused on storing carbon dioxide in liquid or gas form , but these proposals have met with concerns about leaks .
The major drawback to natural mineral carbonation is its slow pace : normally , it takes thousands of years for rocks to react with sizable quantities of carbon dioxide .
But scientists are experimenting with ways to speed the reaction up by dissolving carbon dioxide in water and injecting it into the rock , as well as capturing heat generated by the reaction to accelerate the process .
" It offers a way to permanently get rid of carbon dioxide emissions , ” said Juerg Matter , a scientist at Columbia ’s Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , where a range of projects to tackle the issue is underway .
The United States ' ultramafic rocks could be enough to stash more than 500 years of U.S. carbon dioxide production , said the report 's lead author , Sam Krevor , a graduate student working through the Earth Institute 's Lenfest Center for Sustainable Energy .
Most of the locations are conveniently clustered in strips along the east and west coasts — some near major cities including New York , Baltimore and San Francisco .
" We 're trying to show that anyone within a reasonable distance of these rock formations could use this process to sequester as much carbon dioxide as possible , " Krevor said .
Klaus Lackner , who helped originate the idea of mineral sequestration in the 1990s , hopes a global mapping effort can be undertaken to find more such storage areas .
" It 's a really big step forward , " he said .
Another rock , common volcanic basalt , also reacts with carbon dioxide , and efforts are underway to map this rock type in detail as well .
Video – Goldilocks and the Greenhouse
Global Warming News and Information
What is a Carbon Sink ?
For every 100,000 Washington D.C. residents over the age of 12 , there are nearly 3,000 people living with HIV or AIDS .
Or , put more frankly : A full three percent of Americans calling our nation ’s capital home are infected .
And that ’s just what D.C’s HIV / AIDS Administration can count .
“ Our rates are higher than West Africa , ” said Shannon L. Hader , director of the District ’s HIV / AIDS Administration , who once led the Federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ’s work in Zimbabwe .
“ They ’re on par with Uganda and some parts of Kenya . ” “ We have every mode of transmission ” — men having sex with men , heterosexual and injected drug use — “ going up , all on the rise , and we have to deal with them , ” Hader said .
In addition to the epidemiology report , the city is also releasing a study on heterosexual behavior tomorrow .
That report , funded by the CDC , was conducted by the George Washington University School of Health and Health Services .
Among its findings :
Almost half of those who had connections to the parts of the city with the highest AIDS prevalence and poverty rates said they had overlapping sexual partners within the past 12 months , three in five said they were aware of their own HIV status , and three in 10 said they had used a condom the last time they had sex .
And which demographics are most at risk ( emphasis ours ) ?
The District ’s report found a 22 percent increase in HIV and AIDS cases from the 12,428 reported at the end of 2006 , touching every race and sex across population and neighborhoods , with an epidemic level in all but one of the eight wards .
Black men , with an infection rate of nearly 7 percent , carry the weight of the disease , according to the report , which also underscores that the District ’s HIV and AIDS population is aging .
Almost 1 in 10 residents between the ages of 40 and 49 has the virus .
The report notes that “ this growing population will have significant implications on the District ’s health care system ” as residents face chronic medical problems associated with aging and fighting a disease that compromises the immune system .
Men having sex with men has remained the disease ’s leading mode of transmission .
Heterosexual transmission and injection drug use closely follow , the report says .
Three percent of black women carry the virus , partly a result of the increase in heterosexual transmissions . [… ]
More than 4 percent of blacks in the city are known to have HIV , along with almost 2 percent of Latinos and 1.4 percent of whites .
More than three - quarters — 76 percent — of the HIV infected are black , 70 percent are men and 70 percent are age 40 and older .
Heterosexual sex was the principal mode of transmission for blacks with the disease , 33 percent .
Men having sex with men was the chief mode of transmission for white residents , 78 percent ; and Latinos , 49 percent .
Black women represent more than a quarter of HIV cases in the District , and most , about 58 percent , were infected through heterosexual sex .
About a quarter of black women were infected through drug use .
So , is there any good news ?
More people are getting HIV diagnoses early , while they are still healthy , as a result of a policy of routine testing implemented by the city in mid-2006 .
Publicly supported HIV testing expanded by 70 percent .
[ Washington Post ]
Higher Computing ( University of New South Wales , by Richard Buckland , COMP1917 )
Course description :
This is the introductory course for computer science at UNSW .
This course consists of three strands : programming , systems , and general computer - science literacy .
The programming strand is further divided into two parts .
For the first half of the course we cover small scale programming , in the second half we look at how to effectively use teams to produce more substantial software .
In the systems strand we will look at how computers work .
Concentrating on microprocessors , memory , and machine code .
In the literacy strand we will look at topics drawn from : computing history , algorithms , WWW programming , ethics and law , cryptography and security , and other topics of general interest .
The strands will be covered in an intermingled fashion .
Course topics :
Higher Computing .
Inside a computer .
Machine Code . Simple C Program .
Clarity ( C programming # 2 ) .
Solving Problems .
Side Effects .
A simple recursive function .
The Amazing Alan Turing .
The Turing Test .
Frames .
Arrays .
Pass by reference .
Game design .
Everything you need to know about pointers .
Sudoku solver .
Stack Frames .
eXtreme Programming .
VS programming .
Programming in the Large .
Stress . Random Numbers .
The Trouble with Concrete Types. Abstract Data Types in C. Blackadder and Baldrick .
ADT .
Steganography ( hidden messages ) .
Do n't give up .
File I /O. Linked lists .
Experimenting with CMOS .
Complexity & Trees .
Errors , Risks , Snarks , Boojums .
Taste of Graphics .
Sample Tree Code : loop detection .
Ethics .
Hamming Error Correcting Code . Professionalism .
What makes a good programmer ?
Learning and Teaching Computing .
Coding samples .
Introduction to Computer Science ( Harvard , professor David J. Malan )
Course description :
Introduction to Computer Science I is a first course in computer science at Harvard College for concentrators and non-concentrators alike .
More than just teach you how to program , this course teaches you how to think more methodically and how to solve problems more effectively .
As such , its lessons are applicable well beyond the boundaries of computer science itself .
That the course does teach you how to program , though , is perhaps its most empowering return .
With this skill comes the ability to solve real - world problems in ways and at speeds beyond the abilities of most humans .
Course topics :
How Computers Work , Binary .
Introduction to Programming and Scratch .
Threads and Programs with Multiple Scripts .
Binary Numbers , Programming Languages , Working in Linux , and Programming in C. Secure File Transfer , Variable Types , and Arithmetic Operators .
Standard Input Functions , Boolean Expressions , and Loops .
Cryptography , Bugs , Integer Casting , and Functions .
Local and Global Variables , the Stack , Return Values , and Arrays .
Strings as Arrays , Command - Line Arguments , and more Cryptography .
Run Times and Algorithms , Recursion .
Sorting : Bubble Sort , Selection Sort , and Merge Sort. Hardware , Processors , and Implications for Software .
Greedy Algorithms , Software Design and Debugging .
Pointers .
Pointers and Arrays , Dynamic Memory Allocation .
Pointer Arithmetic , Structures , File I /O. Linked Lists .
Inserting and Deleting Elements in Linked Lists , Doubly - Linked Lists .
Hash Tables , Dealing with Collisions .
Pointers to Pointers , Binary Search Tree , Tries , Heaps .
Heapsort , Jeopardy .
Huffman Coding
Theory .
Bitwise Operators , Underneath the Hood - From Code to Executable File .
Dangerous Functions , Secure Code .
The Internet and Webpages - HTTP and XHTML .
Introduction to PHP .
User Input , Setting up a Login Page , SQL .
Threats .
Introduction to LISP .
Brief Introduction to System Programming and Machine Organization .
Conclusions .
Data Structures ( Berkeley , professor Paul Hilfinger )
Course description :
Fundamental dynamic data structures , including linear lists , queues , trees , and other linked structures ; arrays strings , and hash tables .
Storage management .
Elementary principles of software engineering .
Abstract data types .
Algorithms for sorting and searching .
Introduction to the Java programming language .
Course topics :
Developing a Simple Program .
More on Simple Programs .
Values and Containers .
Simple Pointer Manipulation .
Arrays and Objects .
Object - Oriented Mechanisms .
Interfaces and Abstract Classes .
Abstract Methods and Classes , Continued .
Examples of Interfaces .
Misc. Support for Abstraction ; Exceptions .
Numbers .
Algorithmic Analysis .
Collections Overview .
Paradox of Voting .
Resource Curse .
Getting a View - Sublists .
Data Structures Exam Review .
Trees .
Trees , Searching .
Generic Programming .
Priority Queues , Range Queries .
Hashing .
Sorting .
Balanced Search Structures .
Pseudo - Random Sequences .
Backtracking Search , Game Trees .
Enumeration Types , Threads , and Concurrency .
Graphs , Introduction .
Graphs , Minimal Spanning Trees , Union - find .
Dynamic Programming .
Storage Management .
Storage Management , Continued , Reflection .
Data Structures Course Summary .
Compiler Optimization
Course description :
This course introduces students to modern techniques in efficient implementation of programming languages .
Modern processors and systems are designed based on the assumption that a compiler will be able to effectively exploit architectural resources .
This course will examine in detail techniques to exploit instruction level parallelism , memory hierarchy and higher level parallelism .
It will examine classic static analysis approaches to these problems and introduce newer feedback directed and dynamic approaches to optimisation .
Course topics :
Scalar Optimisation - Redundant Expressions .
Scalar Optimisation - Dataflow Framework and SSA .
Code Generation .
Instruction Scheduling .
Register Allocation .
Dependence Analysis .
Program Transformations .
Vectorisation .
Parallelisation .
Adaptive and Profile Directed Compilation .
Iterative + Dynamic Compilation .
Dynamic Compilation .
Machine Learning based Compilation .
Understanding Computers and the Internet
Video course description :
This course is all about understanding : understanding what 's going on inside your computer when you flip on the switch , why tech support has you constantly rebooting your computer , how everything you do on the Internet can be watched by others , and how your computer can become infected with a worm just by turning it on .
In this course we demystify computers and the Internet , along with their jargon , so that students understand not only what they can do with each but also how it all works and why .
Students leave this course armed with a new vocabulary and equipped for further exploration of computers and the Internet .
Topics include hardware , software , the Internet , multimedia , security , website development , programming , and dotcoms .
This course is designed both for those with little , if any , computer experience and for those who use a computer every day .
Course topics :
Hardware - Computation .
Overview .
Bits and bytes .
ASCII .
Processors .
Motherboards : buses , connectors , ports , slots , and sockets .
Memory : ROM , RAM , and cache .
Secondary storage : floppy disks , hard disks ( PATA and SATA ) , CDs , and DVDs .
Virtual Memory .
Expansion buses and cards : AGP , ISA , PCI , PCI Express , and SCSI .
I/O devices .
Peripherals .
How to shop for a computer .
History .
The Internet - Networks : clients and servers , peer - to - peer , LANs and WLANs , the Internet , and domains .
Email : addresses ; IMAP , POP and SMTP ; netiquette ; spam ; emoticons ; snail mail ; and listservs .
SSH .
The World Wide Web : URLs and HTTP .
Blogs .
Instant messaging .
SFTP .
Usenet .
Network topologies .
The Internet : backbones , TCP / IP , DHCP , and DNS .
NAT .
Ethernet : NICs , cabling , switches , routers , and access points .
Wireless : IR , RF , Bluetooth , and WiFi. ISPs .
Modems : dialup , cable , and DSL .
Multimedia - Graphics : file formats , bitmaps and vectors , and compression .
Audio : file formats and compression .
Video ( and audio ) : file formats and compression .
Streaming .
Security - Threats to privacy : cookies , forms , logs , and data recovery .
Security risks : packet sniffing , passwords , phishing , hacking , viruses and worms , spyware , and zombies .
Piracy : WaReZ and cracking .
Defenses : scrubbing , firewalls , proxy servers , VPNs , cryptography , virus scanners , product registration and activation .
Website Development - Webservers : structure , permissions , and implementations .
Static webpages : XHTML , well - formedness , and validity .
Dynamic webpages : SSIs , DHTML , AJAX , CGI , ASPs , and JSPs .
Programming - Pseudocode .
Constructs : instructions , variables , conditions , branches , and loops .
Languages : interpreted and compiled .
Scratch .
Introduction to Clojure
Clojure video description :
Ten videos on Clojure .
Presents the big ideas in Clojure , a new dialect of Lisp .
Assumes basic knowledge of Java but not Lisp .
Clojure for Lisp Programmers
Clojure for Java Programmers
Clojure Data Structures
Misc. Clojure Video Lectures
Cryptography - Science or Magic ?
Lecture description :
Examples of the " tricks " that can be performed with modern cryptographic techniques will be presented and each trick explored to see whether it is " science " ( i.e. , it can be proved to do what it seems to do ) or " magic " ( i.e. , what it seems to do is , or may be , only an illusion ) .
The tricks considered will include no - break cryptography , no - leak secret sharing , no - key cryptography , no - see signatures , no - watch coin tossing , and no-knowledge proofs .
The Akamai Story : From Theory to Practice
Lecture description :
If you have ever wondered what it means for a website to become " Akamaized , " this lecture about the company 's origins explains much of the mystery .
But before there was an Akamai , there were research problems — lots of them .
Nearly 15 years ago , Tim Berners - Lee , architect of the World Wide Web , asked Tom Leighton to think about solutions to future -- and now familiar -- Internet issues : bottlenecks that form when users flood to a particular site , often along a single Internet supply line .
Leighton 's team generated algorithms ( and publications and advanced degrees ) while figuring out the fastest means to move information from here to there .
Along the way , they learned some tricks to outsmart Internet service providers who slow traffic down by bumping competitors ' data from their network lines .
Akamai ( which means clever and cool in Hawaiian ) got its start in the MIT 50 k competition , and took off when some big name clients decided to give the company a trial run .
Paramount , ESPN , Apple , and Microsoft recognized the importance of Akamai's Internet optimization strategy : distributing servers and routing software to the “ edge ” or end users , rather than centralizing services .
Akamai survived the stock market “ bubble ” and collapse , and now serves a diverse global market .
EECS Colloquium at Case Western Reserve University
Related Posts
Greetings everyone !
A new month and a new post on free science online .
This month I have a bunch of computer science video lectures .
Video lectures include : basics of computation theory , intro to computer science , data structures , compiler optimization , intro to computers and internet , intro to clojure , and some videos from EECS colloquium at Case Western Reserve University .
Have fun watching all these computer science videos !
Until next time .
Do n't forget to check out the right menu bar for more lectures !
As he so often does , Gideon Levy cuts to the heart of the matter :
The soldiers ' transgressions are an inevitable result of the orders given during this brutal operation , and they are the natural continuation of the last nine years , when soldiers killed nearly 5,000 Palestinians , at least half of them innocent civilians , nearly 1,000 of them children and teenagers .
Everything the soldiers described from Gaza , everything , occurred during these blood - soaked years as if they were routine events .
It was the context , not the principle , that was different .
An army whose armored corps has yet to encounter an enemy tank and whose pilots have yet to face an enemy combat jet in 36 years has been trained to think that the only function of a tank is to crush civilian cars and that a pilot 's job is to bomb residential neighborhoods .
To do this without any unnecessary moral qualms we have trained our soldiers to think that the lives and property of Palestinians have no value whatsoever .
It is part of a process of dehumanization that has endured for dozens of years , the fruits of the occupation .
It 's honest , fearless Israelis like Levy who give me hope that Israel might just have a chance of pulling back from its insane descent into the moral abyss .
By the way , if you 're wondering what he means by " the only function of a tank is to crush civilian cars " , here 's an example :
I took this picture in 2002 a few blocks from Arafat 's compound in Ramallah ( just before we headed to the compound ) .
As you can see , the Israelis not only used tanks to crush cars , they actually used the crushed cars to build roadblocks .
Hey , at least they were n't letting them go to waste .
The Israelis had crushed all the cars in the parking lot outside Arafat 's compound , too .
It 's just a thing with them .
By Kerry Fitzpatrick
Belfast , March 13 , 2009 -- Green Left Weekly --
The killing of two British soldiers and a Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) officer by Irish republicans opposed to the peace process have threatened to destabilise the political situation in the six counties in the north of Ireland still claimed by Britain .
However , eirigi concluded : “ As with all of the countless and avoidable deaths that have occurred throughout the centuries of British interference in Ireland , the ultimate political responsibility for these most recent deaths lies with the British government and wider British establishment . ”
Eirigi argued that a “ Democratic Socialist Republic can only be established and sustained through the collective action of a progressive social movement incorporating local communities , organised labour , cultural organisations , campaigns groups , and political parties ” .
Socialist republican group eirigi ( see below ) , which split from Sinn Fein in 2006 and is opposed to the party ’s position of engaging with the PSNI , said in a March 12 statement : “ While supporting the right of any people to defend themselves from imperial aggression , eirigi does not believe that the conditions exist at this time for a successful armed struggle against the British occupation . ”
On the armed struggle formerly waged by the IRA against British occupation , he stated : “ In the days , when there was no peaceful or democratic way forward for those who wanted basic rights , civil rights , or for those who wanted national rights as well , Sinn Fein spokespersons , including myself , defended the IRA ’s armed struggle [ which occurred in ] the context of British Army occupation . ”
In a March 9 speech , Gerry Adams argued : “ I want to see an end to British rule on this island … This can only be achieved by peaceful and democratic means . ”
Sinn Fein blocked the functioning of the power - sharing executive for five months last year as a result of the DUP ’s refusal to allow progress on the full devolution of policing and justice powers from Westminster to the six counties .
“ The British Army , MI5 or any other covert force should have no role in this response and , in fact , no role in Ireland at all . ”
“ It is vitally important that all responses to these killings are strictly within the law , are compliant with human rights obligations and are carried out by the PSNI .
“ I have no doubt that there are still people within the British system who would like to turn back the clock , to justify their own existence and to perpetuate their militarist organisations .
This must not be allowed to happen either .
Speaking in the Dail ( Dublin parliament ) on March 11 , Sinn Fein TD ( MP ) Caoimhghin O Caolain said : “ The tiny splinter groups that carried out these murders are pursuing a militarist agenda , primarily designed to justify their own existence …
He went on to argue : “ Irish republicans and democrats have a duty to oppose this and to defend the peace process .
The logic of this is that we support the police in the apprehension of those involved in last night 's attack . ”
In a March 8 statement ( see below ) , Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams argued : “ Those responsible have no support , no strategy to achieve a united Ireland .
Their intention is to bring British soldiers back onto the streets .
Sinn Fein condemned the killings as “ an attack on the peace process ” and on the process of demilitarisation that has taken place over the past decade .
In response to the killings , thousands of people in Belfast and other centres across the north joined demonstrations for peace that were organised by the trade union movement on March 10 .
“ Sinn Fein and its members have on countless occasions been targeted by these groups in collusion with Unionist murder gangs ; as have many others across Ireland . ”
Sinn Fein condemned Orde ’s announcement as a “ retrograde decision ” with “ very real consequences ” , stating : “ There can be no place for so called British Special Forces within any civic and accountable policing structures .
The SRR is an amalgamation of notorious special forces units that were involved in countless assassinations and cover-ups during the conflict .
The day before the attack on the Massereene barracks , PSNI chief constable Hugh Orde announced that he had requested the deployment of the British military Special Reconnaissance Regiment for “ surveillance ” of dissident republicans .
While the IRA decommissioned its weapons in 2005 ( under intense pressure from the British government , which used the issue to threaten to end the peace process ) , in January the British government gave loyalist paramilitary groups yet another year ’s “ extension ” , or “ amnesty ” , to decommission their weapons .
The Progressive Unionist Party , affiliated to the UVF , has called for calm in the wake of the attacks and Sinn Fein met for talks with the Ulster Political Research Group , linked to the UDA , for the first time on March 11 .
Such death squads , in particular the Ulster Volunteer Force ( UVF ) and Ulster Defence Association ( UDA ) , actively aided by the British state and the RUC during the armed conflict , were responsible for killing more than 1000 Catholic civilians in an effort to terrorise the Irish nationalist population into abandoning their political aspirations for Irish reunification .
Fears have been raised that the attacks may lead to either the re-deployment of British troops on the streets of the north or a response from loyalist death squads , who have largely maintained a ceasefire for the past decade — but who remain fully armed .
Since then , far - reaching reforms have been attempted as part of the peace process aimed at de-politicising and increasing the accountability of what has long been viewed as a loyalist ( pro-unionist ) militia .
He was the first police officer killed in a politically motivated attack since 1997 , and the first since the old Royal Ulster Constabulary ( RUC ) — hated by the Catholic and nationalist community for its history of brutal repression — was re-branded as the PSNI in 2001 .
On March 9 , PSNI officer Stephen Carroll was shot dead by the Continuity IRA ( which split from the IRA in 1986 and also opposes the peace process ) while responding to an emergency services call in county Armagh .
The GFA established “ power - sharing ” institutions between nationalists and unionists ( those who support the “ union ” between the six counties and the British state ) in a devolved Belfast administration , as well as increased “ cross - border ” cooperation between the six counties and the southern Irish state .
In 2007 and 2008 , British security agency MI5 , which is unaccountable to anyone except the British government , spent 15 % of its overall budget in the six counties .
While the six counties have been significantly demilitarised since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement ( GFA ) in 1998 , and the 38 - year - old British military operation in the six counties was formally ended in July 2007 , 5000 British troops still remain .
The soldiers , hours away from being deployed to Afghanistan , were collecting a pizza delivery at the barracks gate when they were shot .
Two other soldiers and the two pizza delivery men were also shot and injured .
This was the first political killing of a British soldier or security force member in the six counties since 1998 .
British soldiers Mark Quinsey and Patrick Azimkar were shot dead on March 7 in an attack on Massereene Barracks in county Antrim , with responsibility claimed by the Real Irish Republican Army , which split from the IRA in 1997 in opposition to the peace process that sought the end the decades - long armed conflict .
March 8 , 2009 -- Ógra Shinn Féin --
Commenting on last night 's attack in county Antrim Mr. Adams said : " Last nights attack was an attack on the peace process .
It was wrong and counter productive .
" Those responsible have no support , no strategy to achieve a United Ireland .
Their intention is to bring British soldiers back onto the streets .
They want to destroy the progress of recent times and to plunge Ireland back into conflict .
" Irish republicans and democrats have a duty to oppose this and to defend the peace process .
Sinn Fein has a strategy to bring about an end to British rule in our country by peaceful and democratic means .
" There should be an end to actions like the one in Antrim last night .
The popular will is for peaceful and democratic change .
" Sinn Fein has a responsibility to be consistent .
The logic of this is that we support the police in the apprehension of those involved in last night ’s attack .
" The police also have a responsibility to give leadership and to behave at all times in a transparent and accountable manner .
The British government has a duty to uphold the new political arrangement and the peace process .
" I particularly want to appeal to republicans once again for calm , thoughtful and decisive leadership .
" The peace process was built against the odds and not least because of the willingness of republicans to take risks and to be strategic and long sighted .
" There are elements within Unionism and within the British system who do not want the peace process to achieve its objectives .
Our responsibility is to defend the peace process and the progress that has been made to achieving national and democratic rights .
" We will not be deflected from our republican and democratic objectives .
Gerry Adams statement in the Assembly
The only way to go is forward
March 9 , 2009 -- Sinn Féin --
On Saturday night I was in County Clare .
The local government elections in the south are in 12 weeks ' time .
That ’s on June 5 .
The elections to the European Parliament in both parts of Ireland are on the 4th and 5th .
Twelve weeks is n’t a long time and I travelled to Clare from Dublin after a hectic two days , including an Ard Chomhairle meeting , in the capital .
The Ard Chomhairle was meeting for the first time since the recent Ard Fheis and it was a positive and forward looking gathering which set out a programme of work for the next 12 months .
We also discussed PSNI Chief Hugh Orde ’s decision to deploy undercover British Army operatives against so - called dissident elements .
Understandably Republicans and democrats , including myself , have protested against and are strongly opposed to that decision .
Apart from anything else it is a harking back to the old days when such units created havoc in our society by perpetuating conflict and destabilising communities .
There was also a brief discussion about the so - called dissidents and their failure to advance any coherent strategy – in fact any strategy at all .
Hugh Orde made a mistake .
But none of us should be naive about this .
Huge progress has been made in developing a new political dispensation here but the British jurisdiction remains , albeit in a conditional form and that jurisdiction involves British agencies , including their spooks and spies .
Republicans and democrats are clearly opposed to this .
Anyway we had a good discussion about all of this and then off to the Banner County .
The event there took the form of a public meeting in Ennis , the County town .
When it was over , somewhere around 11 pm , I got news of a shooting incident in Antrim Town .
The next few hours were spent trying to catch up on what had happened .
Early next morning it was clear , and since then Ireland is once again in the news big time !
So what ’s it all about ?
It ’s an attack on the peace process , that ’s what it is about .
There can be no ambiguity or ambivalence about that .
Back in the north on Monday the Assembly was clear on this issue .
But what of the popular mood ?
In my view the vast majority of people are opposed to what happened .
In the days when there was no peaceful or democratic way forward for those who wanted basic rights – civil rights – or for those who wanted national rights as well – Sinn Féin spokespersons , including myself , defended the IRA ’s armed struggle .
We did n’t accept everything that was done and in most instances the case we made was in defence of the legitimacy of IRA actions in the context of British Army occupation .
There is no such legitimacy today .
Our political position was based also on the absence of any alternative way to bring about positive change .
Today there is an alternative .
As I told the Assembly : “ I stand here today as an unrepentant , unapologetic Irish republican .
I want to see an end to British rule on this island and the unity of orange and green .
This can only be achieved by peaceful and democratic means and Sinn Féin is wedded to that . ”
It ’s also my conviction that these objectives can be achieved .
Sinn Fein has a strategy to do just that and we are building the political support and structures to advance this .
The political institutions , the peace process and Sinn Féin are as much a target of the perpetrators of Saturday nights attack as those they killed or injured .
That is why they have to be resisted .
Politically .
Democratically .
Peacefully .
They want to destroy the hard won progress of recent times .
They can not be allowed to succeed .
The gains made for and by the people of this island cannot be surrendered .
So why do n’t those who have set themselves as political spokespersons for the so called dissidents come forward to explain this attack ?
Why do n’t they outline a rationale ?
Why do n’t they defend the legitimacy of this action ?
In the absence of any other explanation I can only presume it is because there is no rationale other than that they could do what they did .
And let there be no ambiguity about this .
That is not good enough .
There is also an onus on the British government and the PSNI to resist any temptation or any demands for a return to the bad practices of the past .
This would be equally wrong .
It would also sideline the peace process and political leaders .
That would be foolhardy and play into the hands of those who were responsible for the Antrim attack .
In particular , this means that the transparent and accountability arrangements around the PSNI must be adhered to and defended .
That ’s what I told British Prime Minister Gordon Brown when we met on Monday morning .
For our part genuine republicans and democrats will work with the PSNI to ensure that those involved in this attack are apprehended and subjected to due process .
The popular will in Ireland is for peaceful and democratic change .
I ’m sure that ’s shared by our neighbours in Britain and further afield .
So everyone has a responsibility to defend the peace .
There can be no going back .
The only way to go is forward .
éirígí response to recent events
March 10 , 2009 --
In response to repeated requests for éirígí to clarify its position with regard to recent events , spokesperson Breandán Mac Cionnaith today commented on the attacks upon the British Army and PSNI .
“ I would like to take this opportunity to restate éirígí ’s view of how British rule in Ireland should be challenged at this time .
I would also take this opportunity to outline éirígí ’s position with regard to the events of recent days .
“ éirígí is an open , independent , democratic political party which is not aligned to , or supportive of , any armed organisation .
“ It is éirígí 's position that the British occupation is the underlying cause of the ongoing conflict in Ireland .
Our history demonstrates that until that underlying cause is addressed that conflict will continue indefinitely .
“ éirígí unequivocally supports the right of Irish people to oppose British rule in Ireland .
“ éirígí believes that British interference in Ireland can best be challenged at this time through the building of an all - Ireland popular movement in support of national reunification and independence .
“ When éirígí was founded we asserted our belief that a Democratic Socialist Republic can only be established and sustained through the collective action of a progressive social movement incorporating local communities , organised labour , cultural organisations , campaigns groups , and political parties .
We believe that the creation of such a popular movement represents the best potential to create the conditions which will make British rule and capitalist exploitation in Ireland untenable .
“ Over the course of the last two and a half years éirígí has organised countless public events aimed at building public opposition to British rule and imperialism in Ireland .
éirígí ’s protest in opposition to the controversial RIR parade in Belfast in November past is an example of just one such event .
“ While supporting the right of any people to defend themselves from imperial aggression éirígí does not believe that the conditions exist at this time for a successful armed struggle against the British occupation .
“ As can be seen from the recent attacks on Britain ’s armed forces it is clear that not all republicans agree on how the British occupation should be resisted at this time .
Those who carried out those attacks are best placed to explain their own rationale .
“ As with all of the countless and avoidable deaths that have occurred throughout the centuries of British interference in Ireland , the ultimate political responsibility for these most recent deaths lies with the British government and wider British establishment . ”
Socialist Democracy : Republicans attack British Army base in Antrim
March 10 , 2009 -- Socialist Democracy --
Following hard on the heels of the controversy over the deployment of the SRR [ Special Reconnaissance Regiment ] , though probably not related directly to it , came a republican attack on a British Army base in Antrim that killed two soldiers .
These was the first British Army fatalities in the north since 1997 , and the first time that republicans have inflicted military casualties .
Claims of responsibility for this attack came from both the “ Real IRA ” and “ ONH ” .
This is latest in a growing number of attacks carried out by republicans , which have ranged from shootings to car booby trap bombs , landmines to the large 250 lb - plus car bomb only last month .
There is no doubt that the level of activity of republicans is growing and that they are picking up some degree of support , particularly in the most marginalised nationalist areas .
The main reason for the growth of republican groups is the increasingly obvious failure of Sinn Fein to make any advances on even the most minimal nationalist demands , never mind a republican agenda .
There is also the ongoing decay of Sinn Fein from an activist party with grassroots support to one staffed by full timers who are dependent on patronage that flows from Stormont .
In the most marginalised nationalist areas , Sinn Fein are increasingly seen as corrupt and out of touch .
A particular touchstone for discontent is the issue of anti-social behaviour .
It has gotten much worse in recent years -- serving to highlight both Sinn Fein ’s diminishing authority and failure to improve policing .
This has provided the opportunity for republicans to build a degree of support through vigilantism .
It is this general social and political decay that has enabled republicans to build up a base to sustain a low level military campaign .
This in no way poses a challenge to the British state , but it does put pressure on Sinn Fein as it faces demands from the British and Unionists to support more repressive measures against republicans .
It the wake of the Antrim attack Sinn Fein are being urged to give their full support to the Chief Constable and his decision to deploy special forces .
If republican groups have any form of strategy it is to provoke more a repressive response from the British state that they hope will boost their own support and further discredit Sinn Fein .
It is a variation of the old guerrilla concept than repression will inevitably provoke revolt .
However , in most cases this has proved to be an illusion .
More repression has just meant more repression and defeat .
The republicans also have a flawed assessment the Provisional [ Irish Republian Army ] campaign – putting its failure down to the development of a political program rather than its adherence to armed struggle .
The reality was that the armed struggle was defeated because of its own inherent limitations .
Once it was defeated the republican political program went down with .
The critical point is that the Provisionals ' political defeat followed their military defeat , not the other way round as the republicans claim .
Despite their criticism of Provisional movement they have actually adopted its strategy and are bound to repeat its failure .
Socialist Democracy : Sinn Fein's Michael Collins moment
By John McAnulty
March 14 , 2009 -- Socialist Democracy --
There has been a unlted response by all the Irish and British political parties to the killing of British soldiers in Antrim and the later killing of a policeman in Craigavon .
They all say that :
Republican militarists have nothing to offer .
The militarists have no support .
The political process in the North of Ireland is secure .
Only one of these assertions is true .
It is true that the militarists offer absolutely no way forward for Irish workers .
It is not true to assert that they have no support nor that the political process is secure .
In fact , it is precisely because the political settlement is failing that the militarists are gaining in support .
It is highly unlikely that any outside the most frantic of Sinn Fein supporters believed that that the end result of the peace process would be a united Ireland .
What they all believed was that that the Northern statelet could be reformed to become a more equal society .
Right from the beginning that proved too much .
Democratic rights were mutated by the Good Friday Agreement into supposedly equal sectarian and communal rights .
It was a settlement that did n't give enough to Britain 's Unionist base and it was tweaked towards Unionist majority rule in the St. Andrews agreement .
During St. Andrews the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) agreed to devolve policing and justice and Sinn Fein were promised sops around a centre recording the hunger strike and a unified sport stadium and an Irish language act .
It proved impossible to get the DUP administration to honour these promises and a Sinn Fein work to rule blocking the functioning of the executive failed .
The British gave them substantial backhanders to compensate them .
More recently , alongside the decision to block any full investigation of state terror , came an offer of £ 12 000 to the relatives of those killed .
Unionist outcry led to the withdrawal of the offer .
Even the backhanders have dried up .
On the economic front the shootings led the Sinn Fein and DUP leaders to cancel an investment tour of the USA -- one of many such trips , all failures , serving to underline the absence of any real economic strategy for the North of Ireland .
This has not led to a mass nationalist rejection of the Northern settlement .
The Irish capitalists will support any imperialist plan .
The power of the Catholic Church has greatly increased under the sectarian set - up .
The middle class wallow in sectarian privilege marked by ``equality '' positions in the public service earmarked for one confessional group or the other .
Sinn Fein itself has a backbone of ``community workers '' paid by the state .
A minority of republicans have rejected Sinn Fein and the partitionist settlement , aiming to revive a military campaign against British rule .
They have been completely ineffective because of the demoralisation caused by decades of militarism and state repression , because of their fragmented and divided movement and because of the absence of support .
Above all , the total absence of any political program has fatally handicapped them .
They are still not large , but they have now seen the exodus of the last of the militarists holding on in the Provos .
More generally there is a growing revulsion at the aroma of corruption around Sinn Fein .
A growing number of working - class youth are unable to see the new world that the Shinners promised .
The result of that growth is that state intelligence has degraded .
They still know the old hands , but have only partial penetration of the new cells .
There is also the growth of a new infrastructure of supporters willing to provide money , intelligence , safe houses and weapons dumps .
For all that their opponents are right when they say that republican militarism offers no way forward .
In the tradition of pure physical force republicanism , RIRA boast that it has no political organisation .
Without a thought they include pizza delivery men as targets , apparently unaware of the extent to which the policy of the ``soft target '' demoralised their own supporters and besmirched the name of republicanism in the past .
They have no explanation , other than betrayal , for the abysmal failure of decades of military struggle and the relatively easy absorption of their compatriots into the structure of colonial rule .
Above all they seem completely unaware that the southern capitalists are the most frantic supporters of the settlement and the chief mechanism through which the political dissolution of the Provos was obtained .
Yet within the narrow grounds of the physical force tradition , the republicans have a clear strategy .
Their military capacity represents nothing in relation to British military might , but they believe that even a low level of activity will be enough to bring down the new Stormont regime .
A major target is Sinn Fein .
The republicans calculate that the pressures of their campaign will collapse the organisation and win supporters to the RIRA .
They also calculate that it will act as a recruiting sergeant , bringing disaffected nationalist youth into their ranks .
Politically their belief that armed action can bring down the northern statelet makes little sense .
It is true that the Good Friday Agreement has been decaying since its inception , but it has been decaying to the right , into a more naked and reactionary expression of imperialist interest , driven by increasing Unionist reaction and republican capitulation .
Militarism can only play a traditional role of stirring up and accelerating the political process -- in this case speeding up a drive to the right .
A sign of that drive to the right came quickly , with what one reporter called ``Martin McGuinness 's ' Michael Collins moment ' ' ' .
( Collins was a leading figure in the Irish war of independence who then led the Free State repression of the republicans ) .
McGuinness called the republicans ``traitors to the island of Ireland ' ' .
He called on his supporters to inform on them and to support state repression .
He claimed that the new dispensation guaranteed political progress , despite being unable to show any such progress other than the presence of themselves and their supporters within the state apparatus .
Such was the determination of Sinn Fein to prove its worth that it did not stop with assurances to the British and DUP .
A special meeting with representatives of the loyalist paramilitaries brought them in on the act .
Apparently the fact that they retain a full arsenal of weapons aimed at Catholic workers is no longer a cause for censure .
Sinn Fein have little choice .
They themselves are targets of the republicans .
Any suggestion that the good Friday process failed would lead to the collapse of their organisation .
They must support instant state repression in the hope that it quickly defeats the militarists .
In any case any hesitation on their part might well lead to their expulsion from the administration .
British Tory leader David Cameron has already indicated that he wants to replace the current forced coalition of Sinn Fein and DUP with a ``voluntary coalition '' -- in other words , Unionist majority rule .
So already we have a step - change to the right .
The Irish peace process has left behind any pretence that jaw - jaw will be enough to sustain it .
There is to be war - war in the form of state repression .
This new dispensation will be spearheaded by Sinn Fein and will enjoy widespread public support .
In the short term the militarists have strengthened the imperialist settlement .
In the long run there are still many contradictions .
Sinn Fein will be isolated from significant sections of the nationalist working class and will continue to decay .
The state will want to target the repression so that the republicans are isolated , but this will be difficult to do given the intelligence deficit .
The DUP leadership has welcomed the Provos role in spearheading the reaction , but that does not mean they will reward them by supporting any reform .
At the grassroots the reaction of many members of the DUP to the attacks will be to look for Sinn Fein 's expulsion from the administration .
The Irish peace process will continue its march to the right .
A military campaign offers no solution , but then neither does the position of their opponents , which offers frantic support to the British and denounces any political criticism of the settlement as a form of terrorism .
Trade union demonstrations on the days following the deaths illustrated this perfectly .
They went well beyond protests about the shooting of the two workers or more general protests about militarism to hysterical calls by Peter Bunting [ of the Irish Congress of Trade Unions ] for unconditional support for the sectarian status quo .
In an even more extreme development Patricia McKeown of Unison claimed that the trade unions would act as ``civic society '' in coordination with the state to make the repression successful .
The widespread hysteria from all sides is not aimed at the relative handful of militarists .
The disquiet about the corrupt society that has been brought into existence is much wider and a consistent theme of the supporters of the current settlement has been to demonise the opposition and attempt to convince workers that the only alternative to supporting the status quo is a sectarian bloodbath .
It is this unconditional support for an imperialist settlement , rather than a criticism of militarism that makes this Sinn Fein ’s Michael Collins moment and makes the organisation an obstacle to the resolution of the Irish question .
The settlement in the North of Ireland is not a democratic settlement .
It hardly pretends any longer to be one , depending on popular rejection of a failed militarism and on unconditional support for the state from the formerly anti-imperialist opposition .
That 's not enough to prevent its eventual collapse .
The former radicals bay their hatred of the militarists , but by blocking any political critique they are telling the disaffected and marginalised that only physical force remains as a response .
It is for socialists and democrats to prove the former radicals wrong and build a political opposition .
Socialist Workers Party Ireland : Pointless and counterproductive action that will only strengthen the forces of reaction
March 11 , 2009 -- SWP.ie --
The killing of two soldiers and a police officer by the Real IRA and Continuity IRA is an attempt to re-launch a campaign of armed struggle that has been abandoned by the Provisional IRA .
It is a pointless and counterproductive action that will only strengthen the forces of reaction on this island .
It will provide our rulers with a chance to promote a law and order agenda and to deploy the SAS under the pretence of providing security .
Irish republicanism was born from an honourable opposition to colonialism and empire .
But it soon adopted a method whereby decisions on tactics are decided by a tiny minority behind the backs of the population .
The authority of an army council and an absurd claim to an unbroken connection with first IRA leadership who asserted that they were the real government of Ireland , is deemed sufficient justification to launch armed struggle – regardless of the conditions or beliefs of the majority of workers .
The last phase of this struggle lasted nearly thirty years – and produced a settlement in which former IRA leaders now sit in government with the right wing bigots of the DUP .
Despite their historic emnity , both have no difficulty in implementing Thatcherite - style attacks on working people .
The tragic truth of Irish republicanism is that no phase of their armed struggle has ever ended differently .
Virtually all Irish governments have contained former members of the Army Council of the IRA who proceeded to attack the interests of working people with the same gusto as the rest of establishment .
Former IRA leaders such as Frank Aiken , Sean McBride or Martin McGuiness behaved no differently when it came to crossing the line between the gun and cabinet table
It is perfectly clear that Irish republicanism has reached a dead end and that those who seek a genuinely radical solution to the problems caused by capitalism and imperialism must look elsewhere .
Despite its claims to be the inheritors of the ‘ authentic ’ republican tradition , the Real IRA – or any other republican movement – will act no differently to its predecessors .
Its former leader Michael McKevitt , for example , has already indicated that his ambitions go no further than that of his former comrades in the Provisional IRA .
He too wants to join the official ‘ peace process ’ in order to make the transition from gunman to respectable politician .
There could be no stronger confirmation of the political bankruptcy of the Real IRA .
Given these circumstances , the Real or Continuity IRA have absolutely no right to try to drag the working people back into a form of communal violence that will produce huge suffering but no gain for any section of workers .
Their description of workers who deliver pizzas as " collaborators " shows a deep contempt for people who are condemned to live on poverty wages .
Our opposition to the Real IRA has nothing to do with the hypocritical utterances of Gordon Brown or Brian Cowen .
The two British soldiers who were killed in Afghanistan were about to be deployed within a few hours to Afghanistan .
It is a tragic commentary on the lives of working - class soldiers that if they had not been killed by the IRA , they might have suffered a similar fate from the Taliban .
All of which begs the question :
How has Gordon Brown the slightest right to condemn the violence of the Real IRA when he sends working class soldiers to colonise Afghanistan and to risk their lives for the American Empire .
The Real IRA are a puny terrorist force when compared to the violence perpetrated by Blair and Brown in their horrible wars of empire .
Brian Cowen may equally condemn the violence of the Real IRA – but the blood that drips from his own hands is equally visible .
Over one million US troops have travelled to Iraq to kill and be killed in order to protect the US empire – thanks to the collaboration of Brian Cowen who preaches peace even while he supports wars of occupation .
As socialists , the SWP is implacably opposed to empire and the presence of imperial troops .
Even while opposing the Real IRA actions , we openly state that the British Army has no right to occupy Afghanistan or even maintain a presence in Northern Ireland .
We want an Ireland that is free of state violence and the paramilitarism which originally arose in response to that violence .
Our methods , however , differ fundamentally from all variants of the republican tradition .
We look to the mass of working people , who are forced to confront the daily ravage of capitalism , as the real agents of change .
Despite differences in outlook that were produced by the sectarian settlement of the Irish question , Catholic and Protestant workers have the capacity to unite to challenge a system that exploits them both .
But they will do so from a class perspective that seeks fundamental social change throughout the whole of Ireland rather than underneath a green flag that surfs a wave of militarism until it eventually accommodates itself to the system .
Socialist Party ( CWI Ireland ) : Real IRA killings shock working class people
Danger of sectarianism shows need for socialist alternative
Belfast , March 9 , 2009 -- SocialistWorldNet --
At a time when the working class in Northern Ireland is suffering record job losses and deep cuts in pay and public services , the Real IRA ’s shooting of soldiers and two workers in Antrim [ and the killing of a police officer near Craigavon town , last night ] raise the perspective of a possible return to sectarian conflict and outlines the utter reactionary role of such attacks .
The shooting dead of two British soldiers by the Real IRA ( RIRA ) at the entrance of Massereene army barracks , on the edge of Antrim town , shocked many people across Northern Ireland .
Another two soldiers were shot on the scene but survived .
Two pizza delivery drivers , one from Poland , were also gunned down – in the eyes of the RIRA they are “ legitimate targets ” .
Such incidents were commonplace in the seventies , eighties and early nineties , and would have had little impact on the wider political situation .
This attack , however , is the first of its kind in over ten years , and was carried out by dissident republicans opposed to the peace process and the participation of Sinn Fein in the power - sharing Assembly Executive .
Over the past few years , dissident republican groups have stepped up their campaign of targeting PSNI ( Police Service of N. Ireland ) and army personnel .
They have launched fifteen attacks in the last six months .
Last month , a 300 lb car bomb was abandoned in Castlewellan .
If it had reached its intended target , Ballykinlar Army Barracks , significant casualties could have resulted .
While there is little support in Catholic working class areas for a return to ‘ war ’ at this time , and the dissident groups are small and relatively isolated , there is little doubt that they are growing in strength and confidence .
Dissidents ’ aims
The dissidents ’ goal for the moment is to undermine the power - sharing institutions by provoking a reaction from unionists , in particular the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) , in response to attacks on the police and army .
Because of the sectarian nature of Sinn Fein ’s politics , the party now finds itself in a very difficult position .
The logic of Sinn Fein ’s political trajectory over the last twenty years , and its current position in government , means that it must condemn the attack and call for co-operation with the police .
Sinn Fein states that it is opposed to any return to severe state repression , of course , but its call for people to go to the PSNI with information on the dissidents will further undermine its credibility with young Catholics .
The DUP is calling for an increase in repression , including shoot - to - kill policies .
DUP figures acknowledge that Sinn Fein has moved in its position on the police but put it under pressure by implying that Sinn Fein actually know who is involved in the dissident groups and could hand suspects up to the police , if it so chose , and by criticising its support for the PSNI as half - hearted .
An echo of the repressive policies of the state in the past was heard a few days before the Antrim attack , when it was revealed that the ‘ Special Reconnaissance Regiment ’ of the British Army has been deployed in Northern Ireland .
The SRR was formed primarily from the ‘ 14th Intelligence Company ’ , a unit responsible for many shoot - to - kill incidents during the Troubles .
This limited return of the army to a combat role was a propaganda gain for the dissidents .
The 32 - County Sovereignty Committee ( the political group linked to the Real IRA ) claimed it as evidence that Britain has “ failed to pacify Ireland ” and that it is a major embarrassment to Sinn Fein .
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness [ a former leader of the Provisional IRA ] described the decision to deploy the SRR as “ stupid and dangerous ” but he has no power to stop this move .
If policing is devolved to Stormont [ the seat of local power - sharing government ] in the next one to two years , the storm generated by the future killing of a soldier or police officer will be even greater .
And the intentions of the dissidents are clear - they do not have the resources for a campaign on the scale of the Provisional IRA campaign but they will continue with intermittent attacks in an attempt to destabilise the power - sharing Executive .
Opposition to Sinn Fein in its heartlands is growing .
This opposition is not just based on its failure to deliver on the national question but on the correct perception that Sinn Fein is a right - wing party on social and economic issues .
As the recession deepens , the potential for dissident groupings to garner more support will increase , especially among young people .
Dead end of paramilitary campaigns
This Antrim attack comes at a time when working class people are facing a future of rising unemployment and deepening poverty .
In such a context , an increase in united working class struggles , such as strikes and movements against health cutbacks , is on the cards .
An attack , such as the Antrim killings , has the capacity to increase sectarian division and cut across working class unity in struggle .
While there is no support amongst the parties for a collapse of the power - sharing Executive , outside of economic policy there are deep divisions on every major issue which could lead to the Executive falling .
It is more likely that the Executive will continue to be characterised by paralysis on a number of key issues , including attitudes to dissident attacks .
And a major dispute on an unforeseen sectarian issue could explode at any time .
From the beginning of the peace process , in the 1990s , the Socialist Party argued that no lasting solution could be found on the basis of an uneasy compromise between sectarian politicians .
The Socialist Party also argued however that the relative peace ushered in by the paramilitary ceasefires in 1994 would open up possibilities for the development of class politics and greater working class unity .
This opportunity will not last forever .
The working class and young people cannot rely on the Assembly to deliver lasting peace , a decrease in sectarian division or improved living standards .
The dead - end of paramilitary campaigns is no way out for young people in either community and only deepens division .
Working class people need their own party : a mass party which attracts support by posing a socialist alternative to the right wing policies of the Assembly parties and the various paramilitary groups and seeks to overcome sectarian division not cement it .
The inaction of the leadership of the trade union movement , by refusing to support the building of a mass working class party and by continuing to prop up the Assembly parties , only allows the sectarian forces intent in dragging us back into conflict more scope to grow .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
An audition in New York for the TV show America 's Next Top Model turned ugly when chaos broke out , leaving six people injured and three arrests .
Thousands were queuing outside a Manhattan hotel hoping to be selected for the hit reality show , created and hosted by former supermodel Tyra Banks .
Police cancelled the audition but could not say what had sparked the panic .
Reports suggest matters were made worse when a man charged into the crowd attempting to steal handbags .
Sleeping bags
Clothes and shoes were abandoned in the street as women tried to escape the melee .
Tyra Banks created America 's Next Top Model
Some of those waiting in line at the Park Central New York hotel had camped out overnight with chairs and sleeping bags to get their shot at fame .
Of those injured only two were taken to hospital , according to the fire service .
The arrests of two women and a man were on charges of inciting to riot and disorderly conduct .
The CW network , which airs the show , said it was working with authorities to investigate what had happened .
This 13th series of the show is seeking 12 finalists who are shorter than the average model , with auditions only open to those under 5ft 7ins .
The 40 studies were thorough and conclusive :
The morning - after contraceptive pill is safe and effective , and teenage girls understand just as much as young women do about how to use it safely .
Also well studied were the Bush administration ’s attempts to keep the pill out of the hands of American women and girls , at least for as long as it could .
The conclusion , just as clear , in a 2005 report by the Government Accountability Office : The Food and Drug Administration abdicated its duty , overriding and overruling scientists so that it could delay and limit access to the pill and thus allay the concerns of religious conservatives .
A federal court ruling this week spared no criticism of the FDA , saying that the agency ’s reason for limiting behind - the - counter sales of the pill to women 18 or older and to minors with a prescription “ lacks all credibility ” and was politically motivated .
Perhaps most scathing was the court ’s order to the FDA :
Go back and reexamine the issue solely on its scientific merits .
Within 30 days , the FDA also must make the pill available to 17 - year - olds without a prescription .
The FDA stalled for years with subterfuges that were all too transparent .
First it rejected nonprescription use of the pill , which was marketed as Plan B .
Then it told the manufacturer , Barr Laboratories , to submit a proposal for allowing the pill for older teens and adults .
Once the company did so , the FDA said it was n’t sure that limiting use by age was valid .
Finally , in 2006 , the agency decided to give women 18 and older behind - the - counter access -- but only as a sop to senators who were threatening to hold up President Bush ’s nomination of Andrew C. von Eschenbach as FDA commissioner .
The campaign to make Plan B available without a prescription was based on solid medical grounds :
The pill is most effective when used within 24 hours of intercourse .
The response of the FDA , which the public relies on to make equally solid medical decisions , was an embarrassing new low that prompted the agency ’s director of women ’s health to resign .
Objections that the pill would entice girls into earlier and more promiscuous sex were not only unfounded -- among the studies were findings that access to Plan B did not affect sexual behavior -- but irrelevant .
It was never part of the FDA ’s job to monitor moral behavior among adolescents .
Advertisement
There is justified glee in the scientific community over the announcement by President Obama that science will be shown due respect under his administration .
As welcome as this new direction is , the court ’s review of the FDA ’s actions provides an even more significant reassurance that the government will be held to account no matter who is in power at the moment .
California Congressman Darrell Issa ( need I say he's a Republican ? ) has introduced a bill to restore honor to the White House by prohibiting Michelle Obama from doing any substantive work .
Advertisement
Issa 's bill is required because , according to a 1993 federal appeals court ruling when a bunch of conservatives sued the Clinton Administration over Hillary Clinton 's health care task force .
Republicans had sued claiming that Hillary 's participation in the White House Health Care Task Force — since she was n't a federal employee — made the group an outside advisory panel to which federal laws requiring that its meetings be public and announced ages in advance applied .
The appeals court ruled that the First Lady was functionally a government employee , meaning that she could participate in policy discussions and debates like any other member of the Administration without complying with the onerous requirements on outside advisory groups designed to limit the ability of lobbyists and special interests to influence policy .
And if you 're wondering why this has n't come up in more than 15 years , well , Issa technically did introduce the bill early last year ( though he did n't push for its passage the way he is now ) .
It probably was n't aimed at Michelle at the time — and it strains credibility that Issa thought it was important to limit Laura Bush 's role in policy debates .
When Issa introduced his bill he was , of course , trying to go after Bill Clinton and Bill Clinton 's ability to shape policy debates .
Advertisement
But why Michelle ?
" We are trying actually to protect the historic role of the first lady , " Issa insisted , repeatedly invoking the " transparency " mantra of the Obama administration .
" I believe this is open government at its finest . "
You know , the " historic " role of the First Lady in which she behaves like a proper lady , does n't contribute to policy debates and hosts the White House East Egg roll .
God forbid we have another Edith Wilson , Eleanor Roosevelt or Hillary Clinton in the White House when we could have a " traditional " First Lady .
GOP Transparency Push Seen As Attack On Michelle O. [ Politico ]
On Tuesday , Apple refreshed several of its Macintosh products , including the iMac , the Mac mini , and the Mac Pro .
The refresh brought a little life back to the aging Mac mini line and a nice power boost to the Mac Pro , but it also highlighted again the pricing gap between Apple goods and similarly configured third party offerings .
Are Apple products overpriced ?
It depends whether you 're thinking in real dollars or Apple dollars .
The mini's base configuration is about $ 110 more expensive than a best - comparison Dell Studio hybrid , but the mini has a superior integrated GPU and uses DDR3 - 1067 instead of DDR2 - 667 .
Apple has an excellent track record of delivering quality components and avoiding systems that might compromise its standards .
But that does n't mean that consumers would n't welcome solutions that did .
A Hackintosh is a system that runs Mac OS X on non-Apple hardware .
The entire Hackintosh phenomenon is built on the desire to use Apple 's superb operating systems on less exacting and more budget - friendly hardware .
For a retail Leopard DVD ( $ 129 ) plus the cost of a computer , hobbyists are creating robust and varied Hackintosh installations that highlight the consumer gap in Apple 's retail line .
Popular Hackintosh installations include towers , laptops , and netbooks .
The Mac Pro tower retails from upwards of $ 2,499 .
Hackintosh towers generally cost under $ 1,000 , often far less .
While these towers cannot match the power of the Pro , they offer users a tower configuration that is completely missing from Apple 's lower - end offerings .
With the iMac and the mini as the only options , Apple 's consumer lineup lacks a low - priced tower entry .
It 's clear that consumer towers do n't fall into the Apple mindset .
Towers target power users who prefer to configure their systems throughout the unit 's life .
With a tower , users can add memory , ports , and hard drives as needed .
Apple consumer products , as a rule , provide solutions , not configurability .
From iPods to iMacs , Apple has built a market for end - users who want to buy a working product and get the job done rather than messing with how that product is put together .
Apple 's laptops offer a standard of excellence , but it's a standard that comes at a high price .
With Windows laptops regularly retailing below the $ 1,000 price - point , Apple 's offerings are notable for prices that just get started at $ 1,000 .
Getting Mac OS
X where it 's not supposed to go
Hackintoshed laptops let users place Mac OS X onto good - quality hardware , often at a price point that hovers closer to $ 500 than $ 1,000 .
In the case of netbooks , recent sales of the Dell Mini 9 and the MSI Wind have placed OS X onto units that retail for under $ 300 .
This enormous price gap , amounting to a 75 % price break in some cases , makes the Hackintosh laptop or netbook extra-appealing for anyone who wants to travel without giving up the convenience and friendliness of a Mac OS X - based computer .
Yes , there are compromises to take into account .
In situations where Mac OS X and the system 's non-Apple - standard hardware do n't line up to the letter , unit functionality may be reduced .
Hackintosh systems may not be 100 % hardware compatible .
The Dell Mini 9 , notable for its Hackintosh - friendly configuration , will not hibernate properly in its standard distribution .
For a unit that might cost just $ 250 shipped , that 's a compromise that many users are willing to live with . �
Apple 's stance on the Hackintosh phenomenon is clear : do n't do it .
Mac OS X end user licensing agreement ( EULA ) prohibits installation on any platform that is not Apple - labeled .
Its ongoing lawsuit against Hackintosh supplier Psystar emphasizes that stance .
Psystar initially offered a consumer tower for just $ 399 , $ 200 less than the non-configurable Mac mini and over $ 2,000 less than the lowest - end Pro tower .
Its current " Open with Mac OS X " system sells for $ 554.99 , including a Leopard license .
And yet each of these systems , including the $ 550 consumer tower , the $ 250 netbook , and the $ 400 bargain laptop has no equivalent in the Apple line .
During Apple 's first quarter 2009 earnings call , Apple acknowledged that it is watching the sub -$ 500 market , but said it had no plans to enter that arena .
" Our view is that the products in there are products that are much less powerful than what customers want , " Apple stated over and over .
" We do n't think people are gonna be pleased with those types of products .
We 've watched ; we 've got some ideas .
But some of those products are inferior and do n't provide the kind of experience users are happy with . "
With Apple declining to pursue that market segment and with a large and dedicated hobbyist community who feels that legally purchasing the Leopard license holds more moral sway than a EULA , Hackintoshing seems to have emerged from this refresh with an undiminished goal to offer Mac OS X on non-Apple hardware . �
The core fact remains : Mac OS
X means more than the hardware it runs on .
In terms of total system value , Mac OS X running on a non-Apple platform remains the solution many users are looking for .
Nothing that Apple released this week contradicts that fact .
Despite the dreary weather , about 10 gay couples made the trip to Phoenix City Hall Monday morning to be among the first to register with the city as domestic partners .
The registry , which is open to unmarried gay or straight couples who share a Phoenix residence , grants partner visitation rights in all hospitals , nursing homes , rehabilitation centers and other health - care facilities in the city .
" It 's sad that we have to deem this a huge deal , but this is a step in the right direction , " said Lisa Smith , 41 , standing with her partner , Reagan Bennion moments after signing up and paying a $ 50 registration fee .
" Progress is progress , and we 're here to support those who made this possible . "
The couple has been dating for a year and became engaged a few months ago .
They arrived before the registry officially opened at 9 a .m. in case there was a crowd .
Yet there were no lines early Monday and the initial turnout to register was lower than city officials had expected .
" We got up early and wanted to be first , " said Bennion , 28 .
Registration continues on the ground floor of City Hall in Assembly Room B through Friday .
After that , partners can register on the 15th floor at the City Clerk Department .
The City Council voted in December to create the registry , making Phoenix the second city in the state to offer such a program .
Tucson created a similar registry in 2003 .
A fact sheet outlining requirements for the new registry is available at phoenix.gov .
by Unity
Hello LC readers I have a treat for you .
Today we start publishing the first of our briefings – a document I ’ve been working on for the past month or so .
It ’s not coming out all at once because there are some legal and other issues still to be resolved .
But in coming days and weeks , more will be revealed .
Our focus is on the Department for Work and Pensions ( DWP ) and in particular its recent decision to use lie detection technology to catch out benefit claimants .
We think that this is not only unethical , but the technology itself is so prone to error as to be useless for the purpose for which is it supposedly intended .
So why is the DWP spending over a million pounds promoting it across local authorities ?
Has it done research into its drawbacks and limitations ?
If yes , then why is it still using it ?
The background
In December last year the Queen ’s speech contained a proposal by the Dept of Work & Pensions ( DWP ) to make benefits claimants go through lie - detector tests .
If found guilty they would lose benefits for a month .
Various media outlets have earlier been fed examples of local authorities using lie detection technology to tackle benefit fraud : this BBC article , this Times piece and in the Birmingham Post .
But while some local authorities claim success in saving money – none of the coverage has questioned the scientific validity of the technology or its [ lack of ] reliability .
DWP plans
In December 2008 it was a revealed in the House of Commons that the ‘ voice risk analysis ’ system , that was piloted in Harrow , and in several other local authorities with large IT / business services contracts with Capita will be trialled in up to twenty - five local authorities over the next year .
Funding for the expanded trial is being provided by the DWP and will , according to Kitty Ussher MP , Parliamentary Under - Secretary , include “ independent social research to determine the impact on customers ’ behaviour ” .
The trial does not , however , appear to include any kind of independent scientific validation of the system itself .
According to academics , this ‘ voice risk analysis ’ system is sold in the United States as a package consisting of a $ 2,000 laptop , software and operator training for around $ 25,000 per system .
Our own investigations suggest that the DWP are paying around £ 10,000 for each system it provides to a local authority and that the funding for this year will provide an additional 150 systems over an above those used in the first stage of the trial .
Our assessment of the costs of the system , to the taxpayer , have been confirmed by information obtained by MPs and Peers via Parliamentary questions , which shows that that the first stage of the DWP ’s trial ( 2007 / 8 ) cost the taxpayer over £ 720,000 and that a further £ 1.5 million pounds has been allocated for the current phase of the trial .
Nowhere in this has there been any mention of any funding for the ‘ independent social research ’ that the government claims will be part of the current trial .
We can also reveal that one of UK ’s largest and , for some , most controversial players in the outsourced public sector business services sector , Capita , is behind these trials and that all the councils testing the system , to date , have outsourced IT and business services contracts with Capita .
Millions more will be spent if the trial is successful .
There is a lot of public money at stake here and , based on our own investigations , a lots of ordinary people who could face serious hardship for no valid reason if this system is adopted by the DWP and rolled out across the entire benefits system .
In the worst case , some people could lose their home as a result of being erroneous flagged as a ‘ high risk ’ claimant by a piece of technology that rightly belongs , with perpetual motion machines and cold fusion , in the realms of pseudoscience .
Does it work ?
Harrow Council were quick enough to trumpet the sums of money they claim to have saved by piloting this system , which cost them a reported £ 63,000 , but much less was made of the fact that of the 119 claimants identified by the system as presenting a risk of fraud , only 43 were found to have been incorrectly paid benefits , a ‘ false positive ’ rate of almost 64 % .
Two out every three claimants investigated by Harrow Council as a result of their being flagged up by this supposedly ‘ proven ’ technology ’ as a potential benefit cheat were found to be entirely legitimate claimants .
Is that really an acceptable rate of ‘ success ’ for a system that claims to be carry out a sophistical mathematical analysis of an individual ’s voice and accurately identify their mental and emotional state of mind ?
We do n’t think so …
Academics say it only works in the sense it tricks and / or intimidates benefit claimants into disclosing information they might otherwise have withheld , or into withdrawing their claims , outright .
Does the DWP even care whether the system works , or not , as long at it propels enough people out the benefits system ?
Why are we doing this briefing ?
A key issue is the huge sums involved in the trial , the software and , if successful , the cost of rolling it out across the country .
Using lie - detector tests has become a cornerstone to cabinet minister James Purnell ’s attempts to reform and ‘ modernise ’ the DWP .
But we are not convinced the department has adequately researched the technology that it is advocating .
The DWP actually claims , on its website , that this is proven technology – we disagree and we are confident that we can demonstrate that , in the absence of independent scientific validation , the system the DWP is ‘ testing ’ should be regarded as being nothing more than a hoax and no more a reliable method of assessing benefits claimants than flipping a coin or employing a tarot reader to process claims .
There are other implications too .
The same technology is being used in the insurance industry to purportedly detect people who lie about their claims .
If the technology does n’t work however , then there should be no reason to use it .
On the other hand , if the government and corporations buy into the view that it does work well , then it may come into widespread use , with potentially devastating consequences for people .
So …
We ’ll tell you exactly why it does n’t work in the way the DWP claims , what it actually does and how it does it .
We ’ll explain how easily the technology can be manipulated to produce results ‘ to order ’ and how this may have played a major part in convincing insurance companies and the DWP to buy into this system .
We ’ll also explain how any council in the UK could generate the same results as Harrow with nothing more than a couple of press releases and some minor alterations to the scripts used by its staff when taking telephone calls about benefits claims .
We ’ll also explain why something as simple and commonplace as the common cold , asthma or heavy smoking could get you branded a ‘ high risk ’ claimant by the Councils using this technology .
And …
This may be the biggest story we ’ve run to date .
It ’s certainly the biggest investigation – over four weeks of detailed research , discussions with scientists and academics and hunting down the evidence which shows that the DWP ’s much vaunted ‘ lie detection ’ system is a complete waste of public money that stigmatises benefits claimants on what amounts , in practice , to a coin flip .
Officials are trying to get to the bottom of how vaccine manufacturer Baxter International Inc. made " experimental virus material " based on a human flu strain but contaminated with the H5N1 avian flu virus and then distributed it to an Austrian company .
That company , Avir Green Hills Biotechnology , then disseminated the supposed H3N2 virus product to subcontractors in the Czech Republic , Slovenia and Germany .
Authorities in the four European countries are looking into the incident , and their efforts are being closely watched by the World Health Organization and the European Centre for Disease Control .
Though it appears none of the 36 or 37 people who were exposed to the contaminated product became infected , the incident is being described as " a serious error " on the part of Baxter , which is on the brink of securing a European licence for an H5N1 vaccine .
That vaccine is made at a different facility , in the Czech Republic .
" For this particular incident ... the horse did not get out ( of the barn ) , " Dr. Angus Nicoll of the ECDC said from Stockholm .
" But that does n't mean that we and WHO and the European Commission and the others are n't taking it as seriously as you would any laboratory accident with dangerous pathogens – which you have here . "
Accidental release of a mixture of live H5N1 and H3N2 viruses – if that indeed happened – could have resulted in dire consequences .
Nicoll said officials still are n't 100 per cent sure the mixture contained live H5N1 viruses .
But given that ferrets exposed to the mixture died , it likely did .
H5N1 does n't easily infect people , but H3N2 viruses do .
They are one of two types of influenza A viruses that infect people each flu season .
If someone exposed to the mixture had been co-infected with H5N1 and H3N2 , the person could have served as an incubator for a hybrid virus able to transmit easily to and among people .
That mixing process , called reassortment , is one of two ways pandemic viruses are created .
Research published last summer by scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control found that in the laboratory , H5N1 and H3N2 viruses mated readily .
While less virulent than H5N1 , a number of the offspring viruses appeared to retain at least a portion of the killing power of their dangerous parent .
Baxter International , which is based in Deerfield , Ill. , said the contamination was the result of an error in its research facility in Orth - Donau , Austria .
The facility had been contracted by Avir Green Hills to make what Baxter refers to as " experimental virus material " based on human H3N2 viruses .
Christopher Bona , Baxter 's director of global bioscience communications , said the liquid virus product was not a vaccine and was developed for testing purposes only .
He deferred questions about the purpose of the testing to Avir Green Hills , but said the batch was to be used in animals and was never intended for use in humans .
Avir Green
Hills said in an email that it took possession of the material in late December .
It later sent the product to the sub -contractors .
The email said the material was stored and handled throughout under high biosafety conditions .
Alarm bells rang in early February when researchers at the Czech sub - contractor inoculated ferrets with the material and the animals promptly died .
Baxter learned about the problem on Feb. 6 , Bona said from Deerfield .
Ferrets are susceptible to human flu strains , but they do n't die from those infections .
Preliminary investigation found the material was contaminated with H5N1 flu virus , which is lethal to ferrets .
Nicoll said the fact the ferrets died supports the working assumption that there were live H5N1 viruses in the material Baxter produced .
Bona said Baxter has identified how the contamination happened and has taken steps to ensure it does n't happen again .
He said Austrian authorities audited Baxter 's Orth - Donau research operations after the problem came to light and are satisfied with the steps taken .
Baxter is the only flu vaccine manufacturer to work with wild type flu viruses , felt to be more dangerous than the altered and attenuated ( weakened ) viruses other manufacturers use .
The company uses what is known as BSL3 level precautions in all its vaccine research facilities , Bona said .
( Researchers at the U.S. CDC use BSL3 - plus biocontainment when working with H5N1 viruses , a spokesperson for the agency said . )
People familiar with biosecurity rules are dismayed by evidence that human H3N2 and avian H5N1 viruses have somehow co-mingled in the Baxter research facility .
That should not be allowed to happen , a number of experts insisted .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The company is n't shedding much light on how it did .
" It was a combination of just the process itself , ( and ) technical and human error in this procedure , " Bona said .
When asked to elaborate , he said to do so would give away proprietary information about Baxter 's production process .
Bona said when Baxter realized its error , it helped the various companies destroy the contaminated material and clean up their facilities .
And staff who had been exposed to the contaminated product were assessed and monitored by infectious diseases doctors .
They were also offered the antiviral drug oseltamivir ( Tamiflu ) .
Baxter 's error is reminiscent of a 2005 incident where a U.S. manufacturer of kits used by laboratories to test their detection capabilities included vials of H2N2 virus in several thousand proficiency kits .
H2N2 , the virus that caused the 1957 pandemic , has not circulated since 1968 and is thought to be a prime candidate to cause the next pandemic .
That mistake , discovered by Canada 's National Microbiology Laboratory , set authorities around the world scrambling to retrieve and destroy the vials of virus , which had been sent to labs in 18 countries .
More health news :
Report calls for $ 700 million heart disease war
Maple Leaf says wiener recall is complete
Should men take prostate cancer drugs when they do n't even have symptoms ?
Justice sought for nurse who died of SARS
Drink a day boosts women 's cancer risk
Home Linear Logic and Permutation Stacks -- The Forth Shall Be First Linear Logic and Permutation Stacks -- The Forth Shall Be First by Henry Baker , 1993 .
Girard 's linear logic can be used to model programming languages in which each bound variable name has exactly one " occurrence " -- i.e. , no variable can have implicit " fan-out " ; multiple uses require explicit duplication .
Among other nice properties , " linear " languages need no garbage collector , yet have no dangling reference problems .
We show a natural equivalence between a " linear " programming language and a stack machine in which the top items can undergo arbitrary permutations .
Such permutation stack machines can be considered combinator abstractions of Moore 's Forth programming language .
I remembered this paper while chatting with a friend who 's designing a stack - based instruction set and looking for relevant compilation techniques ( imagine compiling C to Forth ) .
Do you have some relevant references ?
Today I found this paragraph particularly intriguing : Since Forth is usually implemented on a traditional von Neumann machine , one thinks of the return stack as holding " return addresses " .
However , in these days of large instruction caches , in which entire cache lines are read from the main memory in one transaction , this view should be updated .
It is well - known that non-scientific programs have a very high rate of conditional branches , with the mean number of instructions between branches being on the order of 10 or less .
Forth programs are also very short , with " straight - line " ( non-branching ) sequences averaging 10 items or less .
In these environments , it makes more sense to view the return stack itself as the instruction buffer cache !
In other words , the return stack does n't hold " return addresses " at all , but the instructions themselves !
When a routine is entered , the entire routine is dumped onto the top of the return stack , and execution proceeds with the top item of this stack .
Since routines are generally very short , the transfer of an entire routine is about the same amount of work as transferring a complete cache line in present architectures .
Furthermore , an instruction stack - cache - buffer is normally accessed sequentially , and therefore can be implemented using shift register technology .
Since a shift register can be shifted faster than a RAM can be accessed , the " access time " of this instruction stack - cache - buffer will not be a limiting factor in a machine 's speed .
Executing a loop in an instruction stack - cache - buffer is essentially the making of connections necessary to create a cyclic shift register which literally cycles the instructions of the loop around the cyclic shift register .
Imagine that !
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
If humans took their cues from ants , they might spend less time in traffic .
When opposing streams of leafcutter ants share a narrow path , they instinctively alternate flows in the most efficient way possible .
Studying how ants manage this could provide the basis for a system of driverless cars running on ant traffic algorithms .
" They never get stuck in traffic , " said Audrey Dussutour , a University of Sydney entomologist .
" We should use their rules .
I 've been working with ants for eight years , and have never seen a traffic jam — and I 've tried . "
People have long been fascinated with the ability of ants to organize colonial activities in patterns as sophisticated as any urban engineer 's megalopolis blueprint .
In recent years , scientists have turned ant traffic flows into algorithms applicable to data transmission and vehicular traffic .
Dussutour , whose earlier work showed that leafcutter ants organize themselves into separate and tightly - regulated streams of load - carrying and unburdened individuals when traveling in opposite directions on wide paths , was curious about their dynamics on narrow paths such as the tip of a treebranch — the ant equivalent of a one - lane road .
In the latest findings , published in the February issue of the Journal of Experimental Biology , Dussutour 's team found that ants leaving the colony automatically gave right - of - way to those returning with food .
Of the returning ants , some were empty - mandibled — but rather than passing their leaf - carrying , slow - moving brethren , they gathered in clusters and moved behind them .
This seemingly counterintuitive strategy — when stuck behind a slow - moving truck , are you content to slow down ? — actually saved them time .
" Leafcutters paths in particular look very much like car traffic , " said Dussutour .
" There 's a lot of times on the highway when you 're stuck behind a truck , and sometimes overtaking it is not optimal . "
The results are an example of how individual behaviors optimized to serve a collective good can ultimately benefit the individual as well .
If humans would let a network take the wheel , these principles might manage our own congested thoroughfares .
" We essentially would have to hand over control of the vehicle to a collectively intelligent
system that would move all vehicles from their source to destination , " said Marcus Randall , a Bond University software mathematician .
People would be reluctant , he said , but " accidents would be virtually non-existent and travel would become much more efficient .
If ants in the experiment behaved like the average human driver , they 'd routinely run head - first into each other , causing insect versions of pile - ups and gridlock .
Dussutour 's team calculated that patience reduced the average delay experienced by an individual ant crossing a crowded three - meter bridge from 64 to 32 seconds .
" One dominating factor in human traffic is egoism , " said University of Zoln traffic flow theorist Andreas Schadschneider .
" Drivers optimize their own travel time , without taking much care about others .
This leads to phantom traffic jams which occur without any obvious reason .
Ants , on the other hand , are not egoistic . "
Another way of understanding the difference between human and ant navigation decisions , he said , comes from optimization theory .
In human traffic , " the user optimum is relevant , whereas in ant traffic it is the system optimum , which can be quite different , " and produces a different set of behaviors .
Guiding the individual ants ' decisions is their inherited , colony - serving programming and on - the - ground traffic updates , acquired from an immersive cloud of information that takes the form of pheromone trails and physical contact .
Though scientists have studied and pheromones for decades , the latter exchange is less understood .
" We have good evidence that encounters between inbound and outbound workers are important , " said study co-author Sam Beshers , an entomologist at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign .
" It 's not just that they 're managing the traffic flow .
They 're managing the information flow , too .
That 's about all we know , but it 's potentially very important . "
An experimental navigational system called Inter - Vehicle Communication tries to emulate this , with on - board navigation computers exchanging data as they pass each other and roadside base stations .
It 's yet to be deployed in real - world conditions , though , reflecting the difficulty in replacing a culture and infrastructure of solitary driving .
A compromise , said Schadschneider , may be systems that improve communication between drivers and cars .
" This has already been achieved by new devices which transmit information about abrupt velocity decreases to the following cars , which then start to brake automatically , before the driver even realizes the need to brake , " he said .
Beshers is optimistic about the potential of driverless cars running on ant traffic algorithms , but cautious about the timeline of their acceptance .
Embracing such a system , he said , " assumes that humans could agree on an upper speed limit , which has never yet happened . "
Citation : " Priority rules govern the organization of traffic on foraging trails under crowding conditions in the leaf - cutting antAtta colombica . "
By Dussutour , A. , Beshers , S. , Deneubourg , J. L. and Fourcassié , V.. Journal of Experimental Biology , Vol. 212 Issue 4 , Feb. 15 , 2009 .
Image : Clinton and Charles Robertson
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Jump to content
Q From Bonnie Lee : Long ago I read a story of a monk transcribing religious documents , who continued to transcribe one Latin word incorrectly , even after having it pointed out .
The word is something like mumpsimumps .
Can you help me locate this word ?
A You ’re nearly right : it ’s mumpsimus .
But the story is not quite the way you tell it .
According to the tale , there was once a medieval monk who persistently said a phrase in the Latin Eucharist wrongly , either because he was illiterate and had learned it that way or because it had been transcribed incorrectly in his copy .
Instead of “ quod in ore sumpsimus ” , he would say “ quod in ore mumpsimus ” .
Now sumpsimus is Latin for “ we have taken ” ( the full phrase means “ which we have taken into the mouth ” ) , but mumpsimus is just nonsense .
What made this particular mistake memorable is what the monk was supposed to have said when he was corrected .
According to the version of the incident told in 1517 by Richard Pace , later the Dean of St Paul ’s Cathedral in London , the monk replied that he had said it that way for forty years and “ I will not change my old mumpsimus for your new sumpsimus ” .
As a result , the word came to be applied to someone who sticks obstinately to their old ways , in spite of the clearest evidence that they are wrong .
The word can also have the related meaning of some custom or notion that is adhered to , even though it has been shown to be unreasonable .
Some references suggest that the story may have been first told by Pace ’s friend Erasmus ; there ’s also a hint that it may really have been an oft - told joke in medieval times .
The word is first recorded in 1530 in a book by William Tyndale , the first translator of the Bible into English , called The Practice of Prelates .
It was given royal approval in 1545 , when Henry VIII referred to it in a speech : “ Some be too stiff in their old mumpsimus , others be too busy and curious in their sumpsimus ” .
It has , perhaps surprisingly , stayed in the language as a learned joke for more than 400 years , and is still to be stumbled over from time to time .
The next Yao Ming wo n't be crowned the " Best Dunker on YouTube . "
Without explanation , China on Tuesday locked down access to the popular video - sharing site , according to Scott Rubin , a spokesman for YouTube 's parent - company , Google .
" We do n't know the reason for the block .
Our government relations people are trying to resolve it , " he said .
The Times of London reported that a graphic video depicting Chinese police beating handcuffed Tibetan prisoners may have prompted the block .
The Center for Democracy and Technology , a Washington - based advocacy group , criticized the move in an BBC article :
" China 's apparent blocking of YouTube is at odds with the rule of law and the right to freedom of expression , " said CDT president Leslie Harris .
" Anytime a country limits or takes down content online , it must be forthright and specific about its actions and do so only in narrowly defined circumstances consistent with international human rights and the rule of law , " Harris said .
Just over a year ago , China blocked YouTube and most chat rooms in response to news about Tibet .
The Monitor 's Peter Ford had the story .
Officially iPhone ?
Though the YouTube function may not work when it arrives , Apple 's iPhone appears headed for China .
A regional site for mobile provider China Unicom posted images of the smartphone this week on a page promoting the 3G wireless network the company is building , the IDG news service reported .
( Anyone care to translate ? )
" Apple and China Mobile , the country 's largest carrier , have negotiated off and on for over a year about bringing the iPhone to China but have thus far failed to reach a deal , " writes CNET 's Tom Krazit .
Venturebeat reminds , of course , that the iPhone has been in China for some time now , if one counts Hong Kong and Macau .
The Obama administration signalled today that it was ready to repudiate the prohibition and " war on drugs " approach of previous presidents , and steer policy towards prevention and " harm reduction " strategies favoured by Europe .
David Johnson , an assistant secretary of state , said the new administration would embrace policies supporting federally funded needle exchanges .
The aim , he said , was to establish a policy based on public health needs .
" This will result in a policy that is broader and stronger than the one we had in the past , " Johnson said on the sidelines of a UN drug strategy conference in Vienna .
His words come days after the nomination of the Seattle police chief , Gil Kerlikowske , to the post of director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , the nation 's drug czar .
Kerlikowske has built a reputation in Seattle for pursuing drug policies based on harm reduction .
The state has an established needle exchange programme , has legalised marijuana for medicinal purposes and has made marijuana among the lowest priorities for law enforcement .
In a further sign of a new approach in Washington , congressional committee hearings last week heard lawmakers argue for a shift in national drug policy , largely in response to the rising drug - related violence seeping into the US from Mexico .
Those hearings followed a report by the former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil , which dubbed the war on drugs a " complete failure " .
Ernesto Zedillo , César Gaviria and Henrique Cardoso , all conservative politicians , blamed the US emphasis on criminalisation for the continuing toll caused by drug trafficking , and called for an approach based on public health , including the legalisation of marijuana .
Johnson said the latest shift came as a result of a direct instruction from the new administration .
" There was very much an official directive from Washington , " he told Reuters .
" There was no confusion whatsoever .
The [ switch on ] needle exchange was the clear signal of that . "
Ethan Nadelmann , the executive director of the Drugs Policy Alliance , which lobbies for alternatives to the war on drugs , welcomed the change .
" These statements really indicate a significant shift , " he said .
" It 's not just a repudiation of the Bush administration , it 's a repudiation of the Clinton administration .
This signals a new direction in US drug policy .
This is about all the leading scientists and all the public health people pushing in the same direction and Obama saying he 's putting science above politics . "
In a statement last week announcing the nomination of the new drug czar , Obama said : " With escalating violence along our Southwest border and far too many suffering from addiction here at home , never has it been more important to have a national drug control strategy guided by sound principles of public safety and public health . "
Kerlikowske faces bruising confirmation hearings in the Senate .
After his name was floated for the position , it emerged his stepson has been arrested several times on drug - related charges .
Kerlikowske alluded to this at the announcement of his nomination .
" Our nation 's drug problem is one of human suffering , " he said , " and as a police officer , but also in my own family , I have experienced the effects that drugs can have on our youth , our families and our communities . "
The real danger to President Obama comes not from the knee - jerk nihilism of Rush Limbaugh , but from within the Democratic Party .
Obama , who famously observed as a candidate that a president has to be able to do more than one thing at a time , has rejected internal counsel to postpone his healthcare proposal in favor of a single - minded focus on the economy .
Recovery is obviously a central test for him .
But as he sees it , his mission is not simply to undo Republican damage ; it is to achieve the fundamental change , including health care reform , for which he campaigned .
Several of Obama ’s most impressive economic advisors , including OMB director Peter Orszag and Jason Furman , director of the National Economic Counsel , have argued in the past that national health care should be paid for by taxing employer - provided health insurance .
Without endorsing such a policy , Orszag told a Senate committee recently that the idea “ should remain on the table . ”
The Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus and Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Widen actually want the health care tax included in a final bill .
But in a debate with John McCain last fall , candidate Obama ruled the idea out of bounds .
That ’s exactly where it should stay .
Even in modified form , taxing what McCain called “ gold - plated ” health insurance policies could doom health care reform once again .
Orszag and Furman may have a fine policy point , but let me preview the opposition ad .
Husband at kitchen table : “ I thought he was going to fix health care , but now Obama wants to tax our health coverage . ”
Wife holding newspaper : “ They say our coverage is ‘ gold - plated . ’ ”
Husband : “ Well for you last year , it was a lifeline . ”
Wife : “ I just want to keep what we have . ”
We ’re told Obama wo n’t stop Congress if it decides to tax employee health coverage .
That masterfully kills the proposal without offending its champions .
Most liberal Democrats oppose it ; Republicans say they wo n’t go along unless Obama explicitly advocates it .
However , this episode reflects a wider danger — the tendency of Democrats to break ranks far more readily than Republicans do under a new President .
Baucus , who by gift of seniority runs one of the Senate ’s most powerful committees , may favor taxing the health coverage of millions ; but he opposes the Obama plan to limit tax deductions for the very wealthy to what they were under Ronald Reagan ’s administration .
Does Baucus think Reagan was too hard on the rich ?
Likewise , while Senate Agriculture Committee Chairman Tom Harkin favors Obama ’s farm subsidy reforms , Budget Committee chairman Kent Conrad says he ’s “ opposed to any effort to cut support of the farm safety net . ”
( Never mind that Obama has proposed no change for farmers earning $ 250,000 or less a year . )
Congressional Republicans also want to scuttle Obama proposals — for reasons that are far less well intentioned .
The GOP ’s leaders calculate that by delaying change , they increase their chances of defeating it .
The history of the Clinton health care effort , which dragged on past the early potential of his presidency and into the partisan deadlock of 1994 , validates their strategy .
Democrats would do well to remember 1994 , as well , especially if they do n’t want to repeat it .
Many Democrats who broke with Clinton in the hope of saving themselves were swept away in the Republican landslide that resulted from Clinton ’s apparent failure .
Of course , there will be differences to settle , details to thrash out , and compromises to be made on Obama ’s agenda .
But it ’s useful for Democrats to heed the adage that if they do n’t hang together , they will hang separately .
The difference is that Obama , like Clinton , will survive the 2010 elections , with two years remaining before he has to face the voters .
Obama understands that postponing major initiatives , however well intentioned , is wrong .
Health care reform , for example , is now an economic as well as a moral issue , as soaring costs burden businesses and hobble America ’s ability to compete and sustain a recovery .
Similarly , a new energy policy is not just central to combating global warming ; it ’s also an indispensable spur for the green industries and jobs of the future .
The one thing that could defeat Democrats in 2010 is Democrats themselves .
That wo n’t happen , in my view , because Democrats readily recall the 1994 debacle and because they ’re led by a President who ’s already demonstrated his capacity to bend history to forge a path .
Watching his first two months in office , I do n’t doubt that the Strategist - in - Chief will listen to advice , weigh the politics and then push through his agenda largely intact .
He will change America .
I ca n’t wait to hear what talk radio ’s Mouth Rushmore says about that .
Jump to follow - up
I ’m perfectly happy to think of alternative medicine as being a voluntary , self - imposed tax on the gullible ( to paraphrase Goldacre again ) .
But only as long as its practitioners do no harm and only as long as they obey the law of the land .
Only too often , though , they do neither .
When I talk about law , I do n’t mean lawsuits for defamation .
Defamation suits are what homeopaths and chiropractors like to use to silence critics .
heaven knows , I ’ve becomes accustomed to being defamed by people who are , in my view .
fraudsters , but lawsuits are not the way to deal with it .
I ’m talking about the Trading Standards laws Everyone has to obey them , and in May 2008 the law changed in a way that puts the whole health fraud industry in jeopardy .
The gist of the matter is that it is now illegal to claim that a product will benefit your health if you ca n’t produce evidence to justify the claim .
I ’m not a lawyer , but with the help of two lawyers and a trading standards officer I ’ve attempted a summary .
The machinery for enforcing the law does not yet work well , but when it does , there should be some very interesting cases .
The obvious targets are homeopaths who claim to cure malaria and AIDS , and traditional Chinese Medicine people who claim to cure cancer .
But there are some less obvious targets for prosecution too .
Here is a selection of possibilities to savour ..
Universities such as Westminster , Central Lancashire and the rest , which promote the spreading of false health claims
Hospitals , like the Royal London Homeopathic Hospital , that treat patients with mistletoe and marigold paste .
Can they produce any real evidence that they work ?
Edexcel , which sets examinations in alternative medicine ( and charges for them )
Ofsted and the QCA which validate these exams
Skills for Health and a whole maze of other unelected and unaccountable quangos which offer “ national occupational standards ” in everything from distant healing to hot stone therapy , thereby giving official sanction to all manner of treatments for which no plausible evidence can be offered .
The Prince of Wales Foundation for Integrated Health , which notoriously offers health advice for which it cannot produce good evidence
Perhaps even the Department of Health itself , which notoriously referred to “ psychic surgery ” as a profession , and which has consistently refused to refer dubious therapies to NICE for assessment .
The law , insofar as I ’ve understood it , is probably such that only the first three or four of these have sufficient commercial elements for there to be any chance of a successful prosecution .
That is something that will eventually have to be argued in court .
But lecanardnoir points out in his comment below that The Prince of Wales is intending to sell herbal concoctions , so perhaps he could end up in court too .
The laws
We are talking about The Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008 .
The regulations came into force on 26 May 2008 .
The full regulations can be seen here , or download pdf file .
They can be seen also on the UK Statute Law Database .
The Office of Fair Trading , and Department for Business , Enterprise & Regulatory Reform ( BERR ) published Guidance on the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008 ( pdf file ) ,
Statement of consumer protection enforcement principles ( pdf file ) , and
The Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations : a basic guide for business ( pdf file ) .
Has The UK Quietly Outlawed “ Alternative ” Medicine ?
On 26 September 2008 , Mondaq Business Briefing published this article by a Glasgow lawyer , Douglas McLachlan .
( Oddly enough , this article was reproduced on the National Center for Homeopathy web site . )
“ Proponents of the myriad of forms of alternative medicine argue that it is in some way “ outside science ” or that “ science does n’t understand why it works ” .
Critical thinking scientists disagree .
The best available scientific data shows that alternative medicine simply does n’t work , they say : studies repeatedly show that the effect of some of these alternative medical therapies is indistinguishable from the well documented , but very strange “ placebo effect ” ” “ Enter The Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008 ( the “ Regulations ” ) .
The Regulations came into force on 26 May 2008 to surprisingly little fanfare , despite the fact they represent the most extensive modernisation and simplification of the consumer protection framework for 20 years . ”
The Regulations prohibit unfair commercial practices between traders and consumers through five prohibitions :- General Prohibition on Unfair Commercial
Practices ( Regulation 3 )
Practices ( Regulation 3 ) Prohibition on Misleading Actions ( Regulations 5 )
Prohibition on Misleading Omissions ( Regulation 6 )
Prohibition on Aggressive Commercial Practices ( Regulation 7 )
Prohibition on 31 Specific Commercial Practices that are in all Circumstances Unfair ( Schedule 1 ) .
One of the 31 commercial practices which are in all circumstances considered unfair is “ falsely claiming that a product is able to cure illnesses , dysfunction or malformations ” .
The definition of “ product ” in the Regulations includes services , so it does appear that all forms medical products and treatments will be covered .
Just look at that !
One of the 31 commercial practices which are in all circumstances considered unfair is “ falsely claiming that a product is able to cure illnesses , dysfunction or malformations ”
Section 5 is equally powerful , and also does not contain the contentious word “ cure ” ( see note below )
Misleading actions 5 . — (1 ) A commercial practice is a misleading action if it satisfies the conditions in either paragraph ( 2 ) or paragraph ( 3 ) . ( 2 ) A commercial practice satisfies the conditions of this paragraph — ( a ) if it contains false information and is therefore untruthful in relation to any of the matters in paragraph ( 4 ) or if it or its overall presentation in any way deceives or is likely to deceive the average consumer in relation to any of the matters in that paragraph , even if the information is factually correct ; and ( b ) it causes or is likely to cause the average consumer to take a transactional decision he would not have taken otherwise .
These laws are very powerful in principle , But there are two complications in practice .
One complication concerns the extent to which the onus has been moved on to the seller to prove the claims are true , rather than the accuser having to prove they are false .
That is a lot more favourable to the accuser than before , but it ’s complicated .
The other complication concerns enforcement of the new laws , and at the moment that is bad .
Who has to prove what ?
That is still not entirely clear .
McLachlan says
“ If we accept that mainstream evidence based medicine is in some way accepted by mainstream science , and alternative medicine bears the “ alternative ” qualifier simply because it is not supported by mainstream science , then where does that leave a trader who seeks to refute any allegation that his claim is false ?
Of course it is always open to the trader to show that his the alternative therapy actually works , but the weight of scientific evidence is likely to be against him . ”
On the other hand , I ’m advised by a Trading Standards Officer that “ He does n’t have to refute anything !
The prosecution have to prove the claims are false ” .
This has been confirmed by another Trading Standards Officer who said
“ It is not clear ( though it seems to be ) what difference is implied between “ cure ” and “ treat ” , or what evidence is required to demonstrate that such a cure is false “ beyond reasonable doubt ” in court .
The regulations do not provide that the maker of claims must show that the claims are true , or set a standard indicating how such a proof may be shown . ”
The main defence against prosecution seems to be the “ Due diligence defence ” , in paragraph 17 .
Due diligence defence 17 . — (1 ) In any proceedings against a person for an offence under regulation 9 , 10 , 11 or 12 it is a defence for that person to prove — ( a ) that the commission of the offence was due to — ( i ) a mistake ; ( ii ) reliance on information supplied to him by another person ; ( iii ) the act or default of another person ; ( iv ) an accident ; or ( v ) another cause beyond his control ; and ( b ) that he took all reasonable precautions and exercised all due diligence to avoid the commission of such an offence by himself or any person under his control .
If “ taking all reasonable precautions ” includes being aware of the lack of any good evidence that what you are selling is effective , then this defence should not be much use for most quacks .
Douglas McLachlan has clarified , below , this difficult question
False claims for health benefits of foods
A separate bit of legislation , European regulation on nutrition and health claims made on food , ref 1924/2006 , in Article 6 , seems clearer in specifying that the seller has to prove any claims they make .
Article 6 Scientific substantiation for claims 1 . Nutrition and health claims shall be based on and substantiated by generally accepted scientific evidence .
2 . A food business operator making a nutrition or health claim shall justify the use of the claim .
3 . The competent authorities of the Member States may request a food business operator or a person placing a product on the market to produce all relevant elements and data establishing compliance with this Regulation .
That clearly places the onus on the seller to provide evidence for claims that are made , rather than the complainant having to ‘ prove ’ that the claims are false .
On the problem of “ health foods ” the two bits of legislation seem to overlap .
Both have been discussed in “ Trading regulations and health foods “ , an editorial in the BMJ by M. E. J. Lean ( Professor of Human Nutrition in Glasgow ) .
“ It is already illegal under food labelling regulations ( 1996 ) to claim that food products can treat or prevent disease .
However , huge numbers of such claims are still made , particularly for obesity ” “ The new regulations provide good legislation to protect vulnerable consumers from misleading “ health food ” claims .
They now need to be enforced proactively to help direct doctors and consumers towards safe , cost effective , and evidence based management of diseases . ”
In fact the European Food Standards Agency ( EFSA ) seems to be doing a rather good job at imposing the rules .
This , predictably , provoked howls of anguish from the food industry
There is a synopsis here .
“ Of eight assessed claims , EFSA ’s Panel on Dietetic Products , Nutrition and Allergies ( NDA ) rejected seven for failing to demonstrate causality between consumption of specific nutrients or foods and intended health benefits .
EFSA has subsequently issued opinions on about 30 claims with seven drawing positive opinions . ” “. . .
EFSA in disgust threw out 120 dossiers supposedly in support of nutrients seeking addition to the FSD ’s positive list .
If EFSA was bewildered by the lack of data in the dossiers , it need n’t hav been as industry freely admitted it had in many cases submitted such hollow documents to temporarily keep nutrients on - market . ”
Or , on another industry site , “ EFSA ’s harsh health claim regime ”
“ By setting an unworkably high standard for claims substantiation , EFSA is threatening R&D not to mention health claims that have long been officially approved in many jurisdictions . ”
Here , of course , ” unworkably high standard ” just means real genuine evidence .
How dare they ask for that !
Enforcement of the law
Article 19 of the Unfair Trading regulations says
19 . — (1 ) It shall be the duty of every enforcement authority to enforce these Regulations .
(2) Where the enforcement authority is a local weights and measures authority the duty referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) shall apply to the enforcement of these Regulations within the authority ’s area .
Nevertheless , enforcement is undoubtedly a weak point at the moment .
The UK is obliged to enforce these laws , but at the moment it is not doing so effectively .
A letter in the BMJ from Rose & Garrow describes two complaints under the legislation in which it appears that a Trading Standards office failed to enforce the law .
They comment
” . . . member states are obliged not only to enact it as national legislation but to enforce it .
The evidence that the government has provided adequate resources for enforcement , in the form of staff and their proper training , is not convincing .
The media , and especially the internet , are replete with false claims about health care , and sick people need protection .
All EU citizens have the right to complain to the EU Commission if their government fails to provide that protection . ”
This is not a good start .
A lawyer has pointed out to me
“ that it can sometimes be very difficult to get Trading Standards or the OFT to take an interest in something that they do n’t fully understand .
I think that if it does n’t immediately leap out at them as being false ( e.g “ these pills cure all forms of cancer ” ) then it ’s going to be extremely difficult .
To be fair , neither Trading Standards nor the OFT were ever intended to be medical regulators and they have limited resources available to them .
The new Regulations are a useful new weapon in the fight against quackery , but they are no substitute for proper regulation . ”
Trading Standards originated in Weights and Measures .
It was their job to check that your pint of beer was really a pint .
Now they are being expected to judge medical controversies .
Either they will need more people and more training , or responsibility for enforcement of the law should be transferred to some more appropriate agency ( though one hesitates to suggest the MHRA after their recent pathetic performance in this area ) .
Who can be prosecuted ?
Any “ trader ” , a person or a company .
There is no need to have actually bought anything , and no need to have suffered actual harm .
In fact there is no need for there to be a complainant at all .
Trading standards officers can act on their own .
But there must be a commercial element .
It ’s unlikely that simply preaching nonsense would be sufficient to get you prosecuted , so the Prince of Wales is , sadly , probably safe .
Universities who teach that “ Amethysts emit high Yin energy ” make an interesting case .
They charge fees and in return they are “ falsely claiming that a product is able to cure illnesses ” .
In my view they are behaving illegally , but we sha n’t know until a university is taken to court .
Watch this space .
The fact remains that the UK is obliged to enforce the law and presumably it will do so eventually .
When it does , alternative medicine will have to change very radically .
If it were prevented from making false claims , there would be very little of it left apart from tea and sympathy
Follow - up
New Zealand must have similar laws .
Just as I was about to post this I found that in New Zealand a
“ couple who sold homeopathic remedies claiming to cure bird flu , herpes and Sars ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) have been convicted of breaching the Fair Trading Act . ”
They were ordered to pay fines and court costs totalling $ 23,400 .
A clarification form Douglas McLachlan
On the difficult question of who must prove what , Douglas McLachlan , who wrote Has The UK Quietly Outlawed “ Alternative ” Medicine ? , has kindly sent the following clarification .
“ I would agree that it is still for the prosecution to prove that the trader committed the offence beyond a reasonable doubt , and that burden of proof is always on the prosecution at the outset , but I think if a trader makes a claim regarding his product and best scientific evidence available indicates that that claim is false , then it will be on the trader to substantiate the claim in order to defend himself .
How will the trader do so ?
Perhaps the trader might call witness after witness in court to provide anecdotal evidence of their experiences , or “ experts ” that support their claim – in which case it will be for the prosecution to explain the scientific method to the Judge and to convince the Judge that its Study evidence is to be preferred .
Unfortunately , once human personalities get involved things could get clouded – I could imagine a small time seller of snake oil having serious difficulty , but a well funded homeopathy company engaging smart lawyers to quote flawed studies and lead anecdotal evidence to muddy the waters just enough for a Judge to give the trader the benefit of the doubt .
That seems to be what happens in the wider public debate , so it ’s easy to envisage it happening a courtroom . ”
The “ average consumer ” .
The regulations state
(3) A commercial practice is unfair if — ( a ) it contravenes the requirements of professional diligence ; and ( b ) it materially distorts or is likely to materially distort the economic behaviour of the average consumer with regard to the product .
It seems , therefore , that what matters is whether the “ average consumer ” would infer from what is said that a claim was being made to cure a disease .
The legal view cited by Mojo ( comment # 2 , below ) is that expressions such as “ can be used to treat ” or “ can help with ” would be considered by the average consumer as implying successful treatment or cure .
The drugstore detox delusion .
A nice analysis “ detox ” at .
Science - based Pharmacy
It 's a rare opportunity that one has in a lifetime to personally experience the teachings of a master .
Some people lived through the Gandhi era .
Others lived through the Dalai Llama era .
Luke lived through the Yoda era .
We my friends have been fortunate enough to live in a wondrous time .
A time of invention , innovation and technological advancements that has inspired an evolution of the human species never before seen .
And we have been chosen to live in the time of one of the greatest masters of them all .
A teacher among teachers .
A Jedi knight of the first order .
The master educator Bernie Madoff .
Oh yes my eager little beavers , Bernie Madoff is a teacher .
His lesson : Moral Hazard .
Here 's Master Madoff 's message in a nutshell : Moral hazard is the prospect that a party insulated from risk ( consumers ) may behave differently from the way it would behave if it were fully exposed to the risk .
Moral hazard arises because an individual does not bear the full consequences of its actions , and therefore has a tendency to act less carefully than it otherwise would .
People who understand moral hazard , such as Ron Paul , Peter Schiff and other conscientious , educated people , have been preaching this message for years .
Unfortunately , it would seem that Dr. Paul and Mr. Schiff just simply never finished their Jedi training as master Madoff did .
He brought us the lesson of lessons in a way that everyone can understand and will never forget .
One student , Alexandra Penney from Palm Beach , Florida , appeared on CNN today to talk about what she 's learned .
She is spreading master Madoff 's teachings daily on her blog : since the SEC had audited Madoff on many occasion 's and found no reason to suspect any sort of criminal activity  in fact they gave him their seal of approval — she thought her investments were safe .
There was obviously no reason for her to do her own due diligence before investing , so she did n't .
In fact she put ALL her money in master Madoff 's care .
No one said education was cheap , but that lesson is something no one can ever take away from Alex .
And in these troubling economic times , that 's a lot more than some have .
Alex was attracted to master Madoff 's dojo by the up to 46 % return on her money and given the frontal lobotomy that Alex underwent at birth she truly thought such a sustained return was possible in the market .
Once again , my frontal lobe keeps me from living life to the " foolest . "
Not the first time and I am sure it wo n't be the last .
One disgruntled former student , Boston money manager Harry Markopolos , appeared on 20 /20 four years ago commenting on the simple investigation he had undertaken regarding master Madoff 's activities and the facts unequivocally indicated fraud :
Madoff did n't make buys or sells , he was making consistently above average returns for his clients , etc .. .
He implied that the SEC should have caught those simple , basic aspects of trading in securities .
He even had the audacity to suggest that they did n't because either the SEC was an over - bloated , inefficient bureaucracy and / or so incompetent they could n't do the simplest things and therefore a waste of taxpayer 's money and / or — and this is just mean - spirited and obviously a product of Mr. Markopolos ' resentment — the SEC was bought off by a billionaire .
Oh right .
Please , like that can happen .
What would Mr. Markopolos suggest ?
We get the SEC out of the securities markets so there 's no moral hazard and people will take responsibility for doing the necessary due diligence themselves before investing ?
Hah !
Then what would the master 's like master Madoff do ?
Freak .
March 14 , 2009
The Best of Don Cooper
Hey everybody I think this post round I would do a poem , and I figured a nice Zen poem was due , after all not all of ancient Chinese writings for me necessarily need to be ancient Chinese stories to be enjoyable ..
Now I already had a Zen poem ( aka Chan Buddhism ) but I found one written by a woman and it ’s always pleasing to read ancient poetry of any sort from anyone .
I figured though since I really never mentioned a woman from ancient China ( and there a quite a few famous ones from ancient Chinese times as well as modern ) in any of my stories , so this one I post up from the book “ The Poetry of Zen , ” by Sam Hammill and J.P. Seaton .
We do not know who this woman was but all we know was that she was a Zen monk in the Song Dynasty which really ( at least from what I have researcged ) was the last time Chan or Zen Buddhism really had strong influence in China .
—-
Searching for spring all day , I never saw it ,
straw sandals treading everywhere
among the clouds , among the bank .
Coming home , I laughed , catching
the plum blossom ’s scent :
spring at each branch tip , already perfect .
—
Now the Song dynasty is not so ancient but was still of significance because it still was a full dynasty which followed the Tang after the time of the five dynasties which was about 60 years sometime in the 10th century .
Chinese Buddhism had significantly declined after the Tang because the Tang had blamed the Buddhists for their difficulties .
As a result , Song China made a return to Confucianism and made Neo-Confucian ideas .
However , Zen in it ’s time and even now in other areas of the world greatly affected poetry and aesthetic writing in general .
I am uncertain if I should try to interpret this particular poem , but it seems to be very similar to searching for enlightenment .
If you try to look for it , you will not find it .
It will come suddenly without you even knowing it .
This nun realistically came from the school of sudden enlightenment .
I put up this photo simply because Zen is a form of Mahayana here I am next to one of the most famous of Mahayana Bodhisattvas ( none exist in Theravada ) , the Buddha of wealth and good fortune .
Hope everyone enjoyed this Chinese Poem from old China .
Next time I will have a more ancient Chinese tale to add to our Chinese story list .
Till the next ancient Chinese Tale .
Iraqi military helicopters fly over the spectators to secure the Shaab stadium before the start of a local soccer match in Baghdad , August 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Thaier al - Sudani
BAGHDAD ( Reuters ) -
An Iraqi soccer fan shot dead a player of the opposing team as he tried to score an equalizing goal in the final minutes of a match , police said on Monday .
The shooting on Saturday in Hilla , 100 km ( 60 miles ) south of Baghdad , during a match between local teams , underscored the country ’s propensity to lawlessness even as violence by militant groups falls to lows not seen since mid-2003 .
“ As soon as Haider Kadhim ( the player ) was alone in front of the goalkeeper and close to equalizing , a fan in the crowd fired a pistol at him , ” a senior police officer in Hilla , who declined to be named , told Reuters .
“ We arrested this fan immediately but unfortunately the player died . ”
Iraqis love soccer and have often expressed hope the game would help reconcile warring ethnic groups and sects .
Iraq ’s surprise victory in the 2007 Asian Cup brought rare joy and unity to the shattered nation , with Shi’ites , Sunni Arabs and Kurds pouring into the streets to celebrate their team ’s 1 - 0 win over Saudi Arabia in the Jakarta final .
Residents across Melbourne have been rattled by an earth tremor that struck about 100 km south - east of the city .
The United States Geological Survey reported on its website the tremor measured 4.7 on the Richter scale , about 96 kilometres from Melbourne , and Geoscience Australia says the tremor was centred near Korumburra .
There have been no reports of injury and police are urging people not to call 000 unless they have been injured or suffered property damage .
Victoria Police and the State Emergency Service also say there has been an earth tremor but said there are no reports of any damage so far .
Terry Ryan from the Bureau of Meteorology says the tremor struck just before 9:00 pm ( AEDT ) .
" At 8:55 pm there was an earthquake 5.5 kilometres north - west of Korumburra , which of course is in South Gippsland , " he said .
" At this stage the estimation was 8 kilometres deep . "
James Sandman of Drouin , in Victoria 's east , was watching TV when the tremor struck .
" We were just sitting down watching the TV and then the whole house absolutely shook , " he said .
" The foundations shook , the walls moved , they wobbled , and myself and my wife just looked at each other and we were both then looked at the exits wondering ' do we need to get out ? ' "
Reports to ABC News Online say the suburbs of Frankston , Knoxfield , Lang Lang , Caulfield North and Yarra Junction have felt tremors .
" We just felt an earth tremor in Yarra Junction Victoria at 8.56 pm ( AEDT ) , " one reader said .
" It seemed to travel from west to east . "
" We are in Gippsland in Krowera , and the earth tremor sounded like an explosion here , " another reader said .
" [ It ] felt like something very big had hit the house .
Our power also went out for about eight to 10 minutes . "
Reader Jacob Murray - White shared his experience during the tremor .
" We live in Brunswick and it felt like a very long truck was driving past or maybe the washing machine getting extremely excited , " he said .
" [ For ] 10 to 15 seconds ... the wall and associated fittings [ shook ] quite noticeably .
" Funnily enough , I looked at decanter of booze and it was not shaking which was a surprise , given my experiences of quakes and tremors in Los Angeles . "
Stephanie Pradier said it was over as quickly as it started .
" We could hear it first , then we felt it , it stopped for a second and then was much more violent , " she said .
" My stomach dropped to my feet , I have never felt anything quite like it .
" We went and stood under the door frame .
It just kept going .
" Most the neighbours in my street were out of their houses .
We all had a chat , now life [ is ] back to normal . "
Kim from Reservoir also wrote in .
" My partner and I were watching TV when we what felt like a huge gust of wind hit the house , " he said .
" There was a pause and then there was another tremor which was much stronger than the first and caused shaking of the house .
Cabinets , photo frames all moved .
" The second time we felt it there was no mistaking it was an earthquake !
Freaky ! "
Kate Bruce said she lives in a new estate in Doreen .
" Being so close to the fire areas and having been on alert the last two to three weeks , our only thought was ' oh my God , what now ? ' " she said .
" My kids though that the roof was coming off , that 's how loud it was here . "
Further information and comment is being sought from Geoscience Australia , which monitors earthquake activity .
- ABC/AAP
Hughley : Ron Paul ' too human ' to be Republican David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday March 9 , 2009
Print This Email This Post - Limbaugh apology , Hughley says call Steele ' aluminum '
Comedian D.L.
Hughley is not famous for flattery .
Especially when his guests are not Democrats .
But one Republican , Congressman Ron Paul of Texas , seems to have found another liberal admirer in the CNN variety show host .
" Ron , you are too human to be Republican , " he jested on a Sunday broadcast of D.L. Hughley Breaks the News .
" Ron , you ran for president , " began Hughley .
" And when you dropped out , you did not back John McCain .
You have some issues with some members of your party , right ? "
" Yeah , when they do n't live up to their promises , if they call themselves fiscal conservatives and then they double the size of the budget and the deficit , then I can't with a clear conscience support them , " Paul said without hesitation .
Of course , Paul is n't only at odds with his party .
He refused to support President Obama 's economic stimulus package as well : a point of inquiry for Hughley .
" Well , I do n't think it 's going to do any good , " he said .
" Most of that money so far has n't helped the little guy .
Going to Wall Street , if they would have taken all of that money and just sent checks out , we would have been better off .
" I would like to get the money into the hands of the people .
I do n't trust the government and do n't trust the politicians and the bureaucrats because they bail out their buddies .
What we want is to get more money in the hands of the people .
That 's why should suspend the income tax and everybody would get a pay raise immediately .
There are still a few people employed .
So this would be a big boost to the economy .
And the people make the decisions rather than bailing out corporate giants and banks , and then they take their money and they get billions of dollars worth of bonuses . "
He called the current state of affairs , " absolutely out of control . "
" The amazing thing is you almost -- you do n't seem like a Republican to me that I have ever heard , " exclaimed Hughley .
" You seem so reasonable .
No , honestly , you really do .
You seem to make sense , which I do n't attribute to very many politicians . "
" ... Ron , you are , you are too human to be Republican , " he said .
Earlier in the interview , Hughley had joked about RNC Chairman Michael Steele 's apology to talk show host Rush Limbaugh after he had made borderline disparaging remarks on Hughley 's show .
" I like Michael Steele a lot , " he said . " ... I dont think he should resign .
This is like , I started all of this .
This is like black - on - black crime .
That s what it is .
I want him to keep his job .
But since then Michael Steele has apologized which , I hate .
I think if you say something you mean , you should just stand by it .
" ... Why is his name Steele ?
You should call him aluminum .
He folded that fast .
I dont understand .
Does Rush Limbaugh run the GOP ?
It seems like it to me . "
ThinkProgress is featuring the video .
Asked his opinion on the controversial radio pundit , Congressman Paul stated bluntly : Rush Limbaugh " certainly does n't represent me . "
Hughley also carried an interview with former religious right evangelical leader Frank Schaeffer , who castigated the GOP , calling them a " fifth column " and " anti-American . "
This video is from CNN's D.L Hughley Breaks the News , broadcast Mar. 8 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
CNN has the full transcript here .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Back in December 2008 , I wrote a post called " the coming return of inflation " .
Since inflation has in fact returned now , I will copy that post 's name except for that part about " coming " , as it has already come .
This week 's news that the Fed will inflate at a much faster rate than previously announced seems to have actually been a statement of an already initiated policy .
The Fed balance sheet expanded a full $ 163.7 billion to $ 2041.4 billion in the week to March 18 , most of it in the form of mortgage backed securities and agency bonds on the asset side .
This reverses some of the decline in the size of the balance sheet that we saw earlier in the year .
At the same time , money supply continues to expand rapidly .
M2 expanded $ 39.8 billion to $ 8343.1 billion in the week to March 9 , and is up 10.1 % compared to 52 weeks earlier .
Most of this increase came in the latest 26 weeks , with the annualized gain during that period being 17.8 % .
MZM meanwhile expanded $ 58.7 billion to $ 9505 billion during the same week .
It is up 12 % in the latest 52 weeks and up an annualized 17.8 % in the latest 26 weeks .
This rapid increase in money supply is now finally starting to show up in prices , with the PPI being up 0.9 % in the first two months of the year and the CPI 0.7 % Different commodity price indexes show somewhat different increases , but they are all up several percent since their lows late last year .
The Reuters Continuous Commodity index is for example up 11 % from its November low , while the CRB spot index is up 4 % .
Oil , which briefly traded as low as $ 30 per barrel in December , closed at $ 52 , an increase of more than 70 % .
Gold is up 32 % from its
October low of $ 720 per ounce
The evidence is clear then that the significant monetary inflation is beginning to revive price inflation .
And as monetary inflation continues , so will likely price inflation .
Senate quietly stripped measure restricting bonuses from bailout legislation John Byrne
Published : Wednesday March 18 , 2009
Print This Email
This A new revelation in the scandal surrounding AIG 's decision to pay multi-million dollar bonuses to executives -- a provision that would have restricted companies receiving federal government bailout aid from paying bonuses was quietly stripped from a bill last month .
The measure , introduced by Sen. Ron Wyden ( D - OR ) , was removed by negotiators in a late - night , close door meeting .
In the negotiations , senators agreed to limit executive compensation but decided to forgo barring excessive bonuses -- in fact , they specifically exempted it .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) ( above right ) dodged a question about the decision when asked by a reporter .
" I 'm wondering sir , if that was a mistake by Democrats to drop that and you wish you had n't at this time ? " the reporter asked .
" I think we should look at what we did put in the bill , " Reid replied .
" We did put the Dodd language . "
In an interview with The Huffington Post , Sen .
Wyden bemoaned the removal of his bonus - limiting provision .
Senator Ron Wyden said on Tuesday that the furor surrounding AIG 's bonus payments could have been avoided had the Obama White House and members of Congress simply backed legislation that he and Sen.
Olympia Snowe introduced more than a month ago .
In an interview with the Huffington Post , the Oregon Democrat noted that during the crafting of the stimulus package , he and his Republican colleague from Maine introduced a provision that would have forced bailout recipients to cap their bonuses at $ 100,000 .
Any amount paid above that would have been taxed at 35 percent .
The language made it through the Senate , but during conference committee with the House , it was inexplicably removed .
" The reality is , had that legislation been passed it would have been a very strong disincentive to anybody paying out bonuses in the future , " said Wyden .
" Earlier , the President had denounced those bonuses that came at the end of the year .
And when Senator Snowe and I said it is not enough for those in elected office to say it was wrong , that they have got to have a plan to have them pay it back , we were able to get legislation through the United States Senate .
Not a single United States Senator was willing in broad daylight to stand up and oppose our bipartisan amendment ... but it died in conference . "
Looking back ,
Wyden laments the missed opportunity , saying that it remains unclear who got the language stripped -- " it did n't die by osmosis . "
More of Wyden 's interview can be read here .
Meanwhile , the Associated Press reports that the White House knew AIG executives would be paid hefty bonuses well in advance of their self - professed " outrage . "
For months , the Obama administration and members of Congress have known that insurance giant AIG was getting ready to pay huge bonuses while living off government bailouts .
It was n't until the money was flowing and news was trickling out to the public that official Washington rose up in anger and vowed to yank the money back .
Why the sudden furor , just weeks after Barack Obama 's team paid out $ 30 billion in additional aid to the company ?
So far , the administration has been unable to match its actions to Obama 's tough rhetoric on executive compensation .
And Congress has been unable or unwilling to restrict bonuses for bailout recipients , despite some lawmakers ' repeated efforts to do so .
The situation has the White House and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on the defensive .
The administration was caught off guard Tuesday trying to explain why Geithner had waited until last Wednesday to call AIG chief executive Edward M. Liddy and demand that the bonus payments be restructured .
The Washington Post , however , says Obama was n't informed until the day before the AIG bonuses became public .
" Senior White House officials said last night that President Obama did not learn that bonuses worth $ 165 million were to be paid to executives of American International Group until Thursday , one day before they were issued and two days after his Treasury secretary was informed that the payments were going forward , " the Post reported Wednesday .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Colbert mocks ' crazy eyes ' Beck with ' Doom Bunker ' segment David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 5 , 2009
Print This Email This
It 's the end of the world as we know it , maybe , according to Glenn Beck .
But , at least one fake pundit feels fine cracking wise .
Among media pundits ripe for parody , Beck must seem an easy target , especially for a weathered comedian .
After Beck once asked his audience to look into his eyes and see how serious he is , Colbert underwent an on - air anal exam to jokingly one - up the Fox editorialist , finding plenty of red comedic meat in his " crazy eyes . "
Colbert 's words then -- " Glenn climbed into his genius cannon and lit the fuse " -- hold especially true today , especially if you 're a satirist .
Recently , Beck 's recurring jibe on the coming Obama - fueled apocalypse was enough to scare a fellow Fox host under a table .
The effects on Colbert , however , were slightly more hilarious .
Riffing on Beck 's newest addition to his show -- a segment he 's titled " The War Room , " in which so - called experts discuss end - of - the - world scenarios -- Colbert examined Beck 's first suggested endgame .
" It 's the year 2014 , " said Beck .
" All the US banks have been nationalized , Unemployment is at about 12 percent .
DOW is trading at 2,800 .
The real estate market has collapsed . "
" That , " injected Colbert , " is the most terrifying future I have ever heard yanked out of someone 's ass . "
One of Beck 's guests suggested that at this point , major cities will begin to " look like Calcutta . "
He specifically pointed to " people who are ignorant , functionally illiterate and whacked - out on drugs , hillbilly heroin and you name it , meth , go down the line , and they have nothing to lose . "
In other words , he pre-blamed the " ignorant , illiterate , whacked - out hillbillies with nothing to lose , " summarized Colbert .
" Terrifying !
But , more viewers for Fox News ! "
To prepare for Beck 's forecasts of turmoil and desperation , Colbert took it upon himself to introduce a new segment : Stephen Colbert 's Doom Bunker .
" I am not saying that these things are going to happen , " said Colbert , his on - screen graphics a pitch - perfect mockery of Beck's .
( Except for the fornicating lions . )
" I 'm saying , they are going to happen , I think ? "
As eerily post - apocalyptic stage smoke billowed across the set , Colbert pinged his guests with preposterous doomsday scenarios including werewolves and the discovery that all cars in America are actually Decepticons .
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast Mar. 4 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Apply all of the browser , application and OS patches you want , your machine still can be completely and silently compromised at the lowest level –without the use of any vulnerability .
Apply all of the browser , application and OS patches you want , your machine still can be completely and silently compromised at the lowest level –without the use of any vulnerability .
That was the rather sobering message delivered by a pair of security researchers from Core Security Technologies in a talk at the CanSecWest conference on methods for infecting the BIOS with persistent code that will survive reboots and reflashing attempts .
Anibal Sacco and Alfredo Ortega ( above ) demonstrated a method for patching the BIOS with a small bit of code that gave them conplete control of the machine .
And the best part is , the method worked on a Windows machine , a PC running OpenBSD and another running VMware Player .
“ It was very easy .
We can put the code wherever we want , ” said Ortega .
“ We ’re not using a vulnerability in any way .
I ’m not sure if you understand the impact of this .
We can reinfect the BIOS every time it reboots . ”
Sacco and Ortega stressed that in order to execute the attacks , you need either root privileges or physical access to the machine in question , which limits the scope .
But the methods are deadly effective and the pair are currently working on a BIOS rootkit to implement the attack .
“ We can patch a driver to drop a fully working rootkit .
We even have a little code that can remove or disable antivirus , ” Ortega said .
The work by the Core team follows on to research done on persistent rootkits by John Heasman of NGSS , who was able to devise a method for placing rootkits on PCs using the memory space on PCI cards .
In a presentation at Black Hat DC in 2007 , Heasman showed a completely working method for loading the malware on to a PCI card by using the flashable ROM on the device .
He also had a way to bypass the Windows NT kernel and create fake stack pointers .
In an interview at the time , he told me : “ At that point it ’s game over .
We ’re executing 32 - bit code in ring zero . ”
As application and operating system protection mechanisms continue to become more sophisticated and more difficult to evade , expect to see more and more attacks targeting the hardware and low - level software , where there are still opportunities for success .
Temporal Anomalies in Time Travel Movies
unravels
Terminator
the timelines of Terminator .
One of the most interesting temporal anomalies in fiction is that set up by the Terminator movies .
Given the excessive number of trips through time which are made , we would expect the entire timeline to totally incohere and become impossible ; yet with a few simple extrapolations , it all fits together .
If we can find the beginning , we can trace the thread of time as it weaves forth and back .
So we consider
Original History
The first movie presents a story in which a robot from the future comes back in time to kill the mother of an as - yet - unborn rebel leader .
During the course of the movie , the child is conceived , as son of a man he has sent back from the future to protect his mother ; the robot is destroyed and the father killed .
The patent absurdity of this immediately presents itself : the birth of the rebel leader is dependent upon his adult self sending his father back in time to meet his mother .
Most reasoning adults would immediately write this off as impossible .
However , in studying the patterns of temporal anomalies , we discover a form elsewhere referred to as an " N - Jump " , which , properly understood , resolves this difficulty .
In an N - Jump , time extending from the past reaches point A , the point in time to which a traveler from the future will return , and beyond to point B , the point from which the traveler leaves for the past .
During this segment of the time line , no changes have been made ; it is the original unaltered sequence of events .
When our traveler leaves point B , that time line ends -- the history based on the A - B segment cannot progress , because the instant the traveler reaches point A , it is changed by his presence , and is re-named point C ; this creates an alternate C - D timeline , with D being the same point in time as B .
If at point D , the traveler can and does return to point C with the same intentions , history is able to continue into the future .
This is an N - Jump .
( The temporal anomalies mentioned here are defined and described more completely in Appendix 11 : Temporal Anomalies , of the Referee 's Rules of Multiverser , an RPG from Valdron Inc , and in the Primer on Time on this site . )
If upon reaching point D , there is any reason why the traveler cannot return to point C , or if there is no reason for him to do so , the result is an infinity loop : the original A - B segment is restored , ending with the return to the C - D segment , reverting to the A - B segment in a perpetual cycle .
In this case , there is no future beyond the time represented by points B and D . The N - Jump provides the solution to the absurdity of the first Terminator movie .
It suggests that this is not the original timeline , but the altered timeline .
Although the story of the original timeline has not been told , a substantial amount of it can be reconstructed .
In the original timeline , Sarah Conner 's life was fairly ordinary .
Very near point A , she met a guy unknown to the altered timeline ; he is the necessary original father of John Conner .
So little remains of this timeline that almost anything is possible .
John Conner might have had a different name , if his mother married .
He might in this original timeline have been a girl .
One thing is certain : when the war came , Sarah Conner 's child was a thorn in the flesh of Skynet .
Of course , Skynet also must have been created in the original timeline , or there would be no war .
However , the details of this creation are unknown , as will become clear as the thread unravels .
Back to top of page .
First Change : Sky Net
Sarah Conner 's child is a major problem for Skynet , so the computer devises the ill - considered plan of sending a machine into the past to destroy Sarah Conner before the child is born .
It is important to recognize that this is point B ; nothing done after this moment follows from the same history .
That gives us information about the C - D timeline , because we know that certain things did not happen .
Of first importance , we know that the birth of Sarah Conner 's child still occurred , because had that not happened , no one would have been sent back to protect her .
In fact , had the Terminator successfully prevented the birth of that child , then the Terminator would not have been sent back ( at point D ) , and the original timeline would have been restored , forcing the world into an infinity loop .
However , something must have happened which John Conner needed to change ; otherwise , no one would have come back to protect Sarah .
The fact that John sends Reese tells us first that the Terminator failed , but second that something was dreadfully wrong .
This is a difficult point .
John must know that the Terminator failed , or he would not be alive .
Sending Reese is a calculated risk ; if it goes wrong , John may cease to exist .
However , there is a possible reconstruction of this segment which solves the problem .
Remember that when the Terminator reached the past , he began killing people named Sarah Conner .
Perhaps Sarah became aware of this , and fled .
It is still necessary that she have a child .
It may or may not have the same father as the other .
The Terminator , intent on its mission , pursues her , catches her , and kills her .
Its simple logic tells it the mission is accomplished , and it finds a place to shut down .
It does not understand the basic failure : John Conner has been born .
The first N - Jump resolves , and there is a future .
Back to top of page .
Second Change : Rebels
The grown Conner child does n't like that future .
He wants to save , not himself , but his mother .
So he sends Reese back to protect his mother .
Reese does n't realize that the Terminator had to fail in order for this time line to exist ; he thinks he 's there to save Sarah 's child .
However , his presence drastically changes the entire timeline in several ways .
First , he interferes with the birth of Sarah Conner 's child , replacing the original father with himself .
Second , he gives information to Sarah which she uses to protect herself and to prepare John to be a more formidable opponent .
Third , he jump - starts the Skynet program .
This third point will require some reflection .
In the second film , we are introduced to Cyberdyne Systems , the company which created Skynet by studying parts from Terminator .
However , in the original timeline , someone created Skynet , and it was most likely someone else , someone who was very near the technological breakthrough when , in this timeline , the system goes on line .
So now the dates are all shifted earlier , and the company credited with the development has changed .
This could create a minor loop .
After all , it appears that the technology for Skynet is created sooner , preventing it from being created by someone else later .
However , this is not insoluble if we recognize the creation of a brief sawtooth snap .
The Terminators sent back by the original SkyNet may have been created by someone else , but as Cyberdyne takes over that technology those in the next timeline are built by them and sent back at the same point in time to do the same tasks , but with a different memory of their constructions .
Reese succeeds in saving Sarah 's life .
Normally , this would create an infinity loop , because the reason for sending Reese back is gone , so he would n't be sent back .
But this new history gives birth to the John Conner we know , and he knows from his mother that Reese is his father , and that he saved his mother 's life , so this John has a different reason to send Reese back .
It is this segment which is shown in the first movie , and which forms the history for the second .
( This actually creates another sawtooth snap .
John will have given Reese information which Reese will give Sarah , who will give it to John .
This timeline may repeat several times until the information stabilizes -- that is , what John tells Reese affects what Sarah tells John , and vice versa , so that information may be in flux for several repeats of the events , changing history slightly but not critically . )
Back to top of page .
Third Change : Skynet
This timeline still brings the war , and John and Skynet are still primary combatants .
The computer , still not comprehending the hazards of attempting to change history , sends a more advanced Terminator back , this time to kill John .
Remember : that instantly changes history .
No one can remember a past in which that Terminator did not return .
There is therefore an altered time segment again lost to us in which the T - 1000 tried to kill John Conner and failed , but which John Conner felt it vital to alter by sending the first Terminator model back to protect himself from a machine which he knew from his perspective had already failed in its mission .
Let 's reconstruct it .
As unlikely as it seems , John Conner must manage to evade the T - 1000 with the aid of such friends as he can find .
The T - 1000 's backup plan was to capture Sarah , to use her as bait in his effort to catch John .
John does n't take the bait ; he recognizes that his one hope is to survive .
His mother , perhaps aided by police or military authorities , manages to destroy the T - 1000 before it reaches John .
However , she dies in the process .
Thus at the end of this altered timeline , John determines once again to save his mother .
Only the stakes are higher .
If in sending help for his mother he opens the door for the Terminator to kill him , he has lost everything , even time itself .
So he sends the original model Terminator back to protect himself , knowing that as a boy he would have saved her if he could have , and knowing that if he succeeded he would know that he saved his mother because he sent the Terminator back , and so would do so at the right time .
The future is preserved .
Back to top of page .
Fourth Change : Rebels
Unfortunately , Sarah does n't realize the complications of temporal anomalies .
She thoroughly questions the machine , discovering how Skynet comes to be .
No one realizes that all of this information is based on a time line which has been altered not less than five times from the original .
All of the critical facts have changed .
Relying on this information , Sarah Conner destroys all trace of the Skynet project at Cyberdyne , and ( with a lot of help ) both Terminator machines .
She believes that she has stopped the war .
She has not stopped the war .
She has merely created a new timeline .
The company which originally invented Skynet will now invent it on the original schedule .
The destruction of Cyberdyne and the original terminator will only shift the construction of Skynet back to its original timetable , unknown to us but undoubtedly slightly later .
She may have also changed her information .
In this timeline she by destroying Cyberdyne has thrown Skynet back to the unknown company , but the sequence is again fforced to repeat itself .
Just as in this timeline the Terminator has no knowledge of the company who would have developed Skynet had Cyberdyne failed , so too the Terminator who returns at the end of this link would know only that Sarah Conner destroyed the wrong company : it was not Cyberdyne but its competitor who created Skynet .
Here our story halts .
We are in the second leg of our fourth temporal anomaly .
To review , the first terminator killed Sarah after John was born , creating an N - Jump .
Reese saved Sarah , but jump - started Skynet , creating a second anomaly , but because at the end of the second leg of this anomaly John sends
Reese back not to save his mother but to become his father , and information flows in a circuitous manner from the future to the past to the future , this becomes a sawtooth snap resolved into an N - Jump escape .
The T - 1000 returns and , unable to kill John , instead kills his mother , creating a third anomaly , also an N - Jump .
The fourth anomaly begins when the original terminator returns , ostensibly to protect John but actually to save Sarah ; we are in the second leg of this anomaly .
But this anomaly is going to become a problem , not because a person or a machine returned to the present , but because information did .
The problem begins when Sarah Conner questions the Terminator about the future .
Changes begin to occur when Sarah Conner begins to question the Terminator regarding the future , because she in the segment we saw has changed that future , and so the machine 's information regarding its past should be different .
According to its version of the future , Sarah Conner attacked and destroyed Cyberdyne Systems , for no apparent reason .
John Conner knows this ; he knows it was based on information from the terminator which for some reason proved incorrect .
Another company , the company which built the terminator , was responsible for the development of Skynet , which went on line at a date later than Sarah expected .
Sarah would probably , and foolishly , attempt to destroy the research at that other facility as well .
This would be more difficult , since that is genuine original research , not based on the study of pieces of a machine from the future ; therefore , it will be spread out , stored in pieces in dozens of separate databases throughout the company , duplicated in the files of several individuals in several departments .
However , she is obsessed with stopping the war , so she will probably try .
If she succeeds , an infinity loop is created -- an extremely complex one .
She is not only still in the C - D segment of the fourth anomaly , she is still in the C - D segment of every anomaly , including the first .
If she stops the war , time is thrown back to the first segment , the segment in which she knew nothing and made no effort to stop anything , the segment in which she had a child of unknown name by a man not mentioned in the stories , and an unknown company launched a system called Skynet which became sentient and started a war to protect itself .
All of time is caught in the loop .
Let us hope she cannot stop the war .
It does n't matter whether in this segment she destroys Cyberdyne .
If she destroys the other company , the original terminator cannot come back , therefore Cyberdyne cannot have the pieces of the technology from the future , therefore neither company can create Skynet , war is averted , and time is restored to the original segment in which war is inevitable : the loop occurs .
If she fails , the original company continues on the original schedule .
Cyberdyne is out of the picture , immaterial to the future .
The war comes on the never - revealed original date , and the future is preserved .
All that matters is that the war must begin , and Sarah Conner 's child must survive to become SkyNet 's enemy .
Back to top of page .
Looking Ahead
The Chevrolet Camaro convertible and Z28 high performance variant ’s launch has been postponed for an unknown period of time by General Motors .
According to sources , it has been done in order to save some cash .
Camaro will be getting an addition of a four cylinder engine version that will be ready for shipment later this week .
Sneaking inside let us know that GM ’s executives are hoping for the restore convertible to production plan .
They are planning to launch it in 2010 with the Z28 following suit .
The production plans have only been delayed , but not canceled , as also been acknowledged by Terry Rhadigan , Chevrolet ’s spokesman .
He told that neither one has been outright got canceled .
The Camaro ’s four cylinder engine ’s production plans has been rolled back as Camaro did well on federal fuel economy tests whereas the gasoline prices ducked .
Vice Chairman Bob Lutz told last year that said GM was thinking for the same four cylinder engine to be installed in Camaro .
Previously the four cylinder engine was used in the Pontiac Solstice and Saturn Sky roadsters by GM .
This 4 cylinder is 2.0 liter turbocharged direct injection engine that is rated at 260hp .
Along with the drop in fuel prices , GM has also observed that their own estimation of highway mileage rating that was 27mpg for the V6 Camaro .
That vehicle was rated at 29 mpg in highway driving by EPA last week .
It has also been known that due to the strong fuel economy performance of the 3.6 liter , 304hp V6 diminishes the attraction of a four cylinder engine .
Looking to buy Chevvy Camaro ?
LemonFree.com is an automobile search engine with over 1.9 million new and used cars for sale including Chevy Camaro For Sale
A Sydney man who raped a woman in front of her four - year - old son before igniting the gunpowder he had poured into her eyes , has been sentenced to at least 18 years in prison .
Mark James
Dennis will serve up to 24 years in prison , after being found guilty of 13 sex and robbery charges , including rape and indecent assault .
Dennis , 38 , of Tregear , in Sydney 's west , admitted abducting and sexually assaulting a woman and a schoolgirl at knifepoint in separate attacks in Sydney 's south - west in 2003 and 2005 .
12 Man-tastic Man Caves
12 Best Man Caves Ideas
Men are not your “ typical ’ decorators .
They do n’t care about the drapes , whether you use lemon , maize or tangerine yellow paint for the kitchen and they do n’t care if you get a throw for the sofa .
But if you give them their own turf , they ’ve got ideas galore , many of which involve the latest hi-tech gadgets , comfy leather chairs and a beer fridge .
A “ Man Cave ” is a room in the house ( although some men have been known to renovate sheds ) , where a man can get away from the pressures of daily family life .
It is his personal refuge full of his favorite things .
Man Caves come in all shapes , sizes and themes but one thing they all have in common is loads of testosterone .
The “ Man Cave ” is no longer an elusive dream .
According to a recent survey by Servicemagic.com , 40 % of homeowners say that their home already has a man cave and another 13 % said a man cave is either in the planning stage or in the process of being built .
“ These are n’t ordinary recreation rooms , ” said David Lupberger , a home improvement specialist with ServiceMagic.com .
“ These are rooms that fall solely under the jurisdiction of the man of the house . ”
So what goes into the typical Man Cave ?
Flat screen TV ( 75 % )
Recliner ( 69 % )
Stereo ( 68 % )
Refrigerator ( 67 % )
DVD player ( 67 % )
Computer ( 65 % )
Bar ( 64 % )
However , men need not limit their dream room to just these items .
Many hobbies and collections have taken center stage when creating a personal Manctuary .
Themes cover the gamut , ranging from favorite sports teams to favorite hobbies .
There always seems to be room for just one more piece of memorabilia… well maybe not .
Man Caves are so popular now ; they even have their own TV show , called Man Caves , of course .
The Man Caves team has renovated and built some spectacular Caves and any guy would drool at the prospect of getting these guys into their basement or garage .
Not all “ Man Caves ” are created equal .
They start at one end of spectrum , displaying massive hi-tech , home theater glory , to the fantastically creative and less expensive but equally enjoyable DIY version .
They span the ingenious depths of drinking , debauchery and self - indulgence .
And some include such Man-tastic features that you will have to see them to believe them .
Golf Garage
With the help of Man Caves team , Tony Siragusa and Jason Cameron , this former garage has become a high - end golf practice area and lounge .
Key Features :
A media center featuring a beautiful flat screen
Sports Storage
Comfy seating
Man-tastic Feature :
An indoor virtual - reality driving range with a curved wall
Shea Stadium - theme
What major Mets fan does n’t want to create a Shea Stadium - themed Man Cave in his basement ?
Key Features :
2 side - by - side flat - screen TVs
A huge cutout of the Mets Apple and various other Mets memorabilia
A signed jersey
Dartboard
Man-tastic Feature :
Custom - made stand - alone bar complete with a built - in beer tap , hot dog machine and a glass - top display case full of baseballs .
Pool Hall
This enormous man cave is like a pool hall and lounge area all in one .
Key Features :
Leather couch
Entertainment cabinet
50 - inch LCD TV
Pool table
Pool table lighting
Built - in bench seat along the back wall
Man-tastic Feature :
Recycled rubber tile flooring – no stray billiard balls are going to damage this spongy flooring .
Built - In MAME
This unique home bar is an arcade gamers dream .
Key Features :
Stand alone arcade game
Slot Machine
Touch screen jukebox
Custom Bar
Flat panel TV
Games table and chairs
Man-tastic Features :
The custom bar comes complete with built - in MAME ( Multiple Arcade Machine Emulator – an emulator application that lets you play older arcade games ) and a 4 - player flip - out control panel .
The control panel was designed to flip up into the bar to keep the controls safe from spillage when the game is not being used .
Snoop Dogg
Snoop Dogg ’s old Man Cave was a shed with plastic chairs .
So to get back his rep he enlisted the Man Caves team to help him build a new hang - out , more befitting of his Hip - Hop mogul status .
Key Features :
Hardwood floors
Two 50 - inch flat screen TVs
Media storage system
An art homage to himself and his friends ( including a custom painting of himself )
Security system with video surveillance cameras
Plush leather couch
Direct phone line to Denny ’s , his favorite restaurant
Man-tastic Feature :
The Cadillac Couch – custom made from the bumper of a 1961 Cadillac .
Harley Bar
This converted garage is a great hang - out after a long ride on your Hog .
Key Features :
Humidor
Beer Fridge
46 ” LCD TV
Gaming System
Custom Bar with glass top
Man-tastic Feature :
Harley Davidson parked right next to you .
Rock - climbing Room
Not all Man Caves are built completely for relaxation .
Key Features :
Leather Theater Seating
Retractable Projector Screen
Projector
Dart Board
Man-tastic Feature :
Rock climbing handholds all over the place .
Stripper ’s Pole
You just never know when your own personal stage and stripper ’s pole are going to come in handy .
Key Features :
Fireplace
Dartboard
Flat screen TV
Leather Seating
Bar
Guitars and Amp
Man-tastic Feature :
6 ’ x 6 ’ Stage with Stripper Pole and Spotlight .
Sauna
Who does n’t need a sauna after expending all of that energy watching the game on the big screen ?
Key Features :
50 ” Plasma TV
Bose speakers
xbox360 , WII and PS2
Red leather stadium seating
Gamepod chair
Popcorn popper
Bar
Poker table
Air hockey table
Stand alone video arcade
Man-tastic Features :
Hottub and sauna
Media Wall
Some people are sure that you can never have enough TVs .
Key Features :
72 - inch Samsung DLP HDTV
Two 32 - inch Samsung LCDs
Onkyo receiver
CD player
DVD player
All three TVs are on separate satellite receivers so you can watch three games at once .
42 ” Samsung Plasma TV in Poker Nook
Poker Table
Man-tastic Feature :
Urinal with Polaroid TV above it so you do n’t miss a minute of the game .
The Earnhardt Room
Some collectors just love their collections .
Key Features :
50 ” Samsung DLP HDTV
Yamaha Amp and DVD
PSB Image Series speakers ( 5 ) with a 12 ” sub
Wall to wall Diamond Plate Flooring by www.racedeck.com
( 43 ) 1/24 diecast cars featuring legends of yesterday and famous paint schemes on the Daytona Track
( 195 ) Dale Sr. and Dale Jr. 1/24 scale diecast
Converted Craftsmen Workbench into a bar
Kegerator
Beer Fridge
6 Bottle Shot Steward
Race Fan Furniture
APX Home Security System
Man-tastic Feature :
Custom built 16ft 1/24 scale front stretch section of the Daytona Superspeedway .
Secret Man Cave
Some Man Caves are too good to share , so it ’s best to keep them under lock and key to keep the riffraff out .
Key Features :
Video cameras to watch where the kids are
Computers
Projector and a giant screen that doubles as a virtual shooting range and a movie theater
Theater seating
Sound - proof walls
Refrigerator
Mini bar
A hidden door that leads to the all - important , never out - dated workshop
Man-tastic Feature :
The hidden keypad which opens the hidden entrance .
http://www.wjla.com/news/stories/0109/585568.html
How To Build Your Own Man Cave
With all this talk of Man Caves , you must be wondering how you can build your own .
It ’s important to plan your project first and a great way to start is by following these tips on building the ultimate man cave .
For more Man Cave Inspiration :
http://mancaveforum.forumotion.net
http://www.mancavesite.org
http://perfectmancave.com
http://www.ireport.com/ir-topic-stories.jspa?start=0&topicId=5282
http://www.boston.com/realestate/gallery/mancaves/
[ Update : Welcome Slashdotters !
Thanks for dropping by . ]
The government of Illinois , an an obvious attempt to distract America from Blagojevich 's hair , has declared that Pluto is a planet .
RESOLVED , BY THE SENATE OF THE NINETY - SIXTH GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS , that as Pluto passes overhead through Illinois ' night skies , that it be reestablished with full planetary status , and that March 13 , 2009 be declared " Pluto Day " in the State of Illinois in honor of the date its discovery was announced in 1930 .
Thank heavens -- so to speak -- Pluto does n't pass over any other states .
That could propagate a Constitutional crisis .
So what would drive the government of a state to go out of its way to do such a ridiculous thing ?
WHEREAS , Clyde Tombaugh , discoverer of the planet Pluto , was born on a farm near the Illinois community of Streator
Oh , right , misplaced local pride .
They obviously did n't planet that way .
They should have nixed the whole idea .
But OK then , surely they would n't say anything else that brazenly dumb in the resolution , right ?
WHEREAS , Dr. Tombaugh is so far the only Illinoisan and only American to ever discover a planet ; and
Uh , Illinois legislators .
Psssst !
Americans have discovered hundreds of planets .
Their confusion is obvious ; they thought they were doling out justice , but they got confused because Pluto is just ice .
That 's OK though , Illinois congresscritters .
I 'm sure there 's nothing else for you to do with all your spare time .
But y'know , I hear those pesky Hoosiers next door want to make π equal to 3 !
Hurry !
You can still beat them to it !
[ Update : Speaking of dumb state legislature resolutions ... ]
Tip o' the dew shield to Larry Klaes .
Digg 's Kevin Rose has a solid ( but far from perfect ) track record when it comes to Apple rumors , and he just drove the nerds of SXSWi crazy with his latest gaze into the crystal ball : he says the iPhone 3.0 will have copy and paste .
Kev says that the interface is much like the magnifying glass -- you use two fingers to select the text you want , and then you can cut or copy .
Sure , that 's great , but we think the bigger news is that Rose says 3.0 wo n't have support for background apps -- which makes his claim that that 3.0 will bring the iPhone " up to speed with the Palm Pre " a little suspect .
We 'll find out what 's what in just a few days , but in the meantime check the video of Rose after the break .
Chriszwolle said :
This is the border ;
Luxembourg - German border on the A1 This is the border ; Click to expand ...
on the luxemburgian side of this border , they are 2 big gas stations / rest areas ( one for each direction ) where many germans from nearby get only to get gas , cigarettes and coffee as it is much cheaper than in Germany ( you enter Luxemburg , immediately after the border ( the border is the Sauer / Sûre River , so immediately when the bridge over it ends ) you enter the gas station / rest area and then take the integrated exit to Wasserbillig just to turn and get back to Germany ( or you directly take the exit to turn and get to the gas station on the other side ) .
I also ride there at least once a week , but ca n't take pictures at the moment because my cam is not working ) .
Last night , an endless volley of entrepreneurs and would - be startups stepped up to a mic at Nedspace and provided a 2 - 3 minute pitch on what they would do with $ 250,000 over the next year .
And man , were there some incredible ideas — some incredibly cool , some incredibly wacky — but all incredible nonetheless .
There was only one problem : I did n’t see you up there .
I can watch the video again , just to be sure .
But I ’m fairly certain you wo n’t appear .
[ HTML1 ]
I mean , sure .
I got to see Ron Barrett , Carolynn Duncan , Dave Howell , Scott Kveton , Sasha Mace , John Metta , Chris Logan , Bob Uva , Ken Westin , and Steve Woodward .
I love all of those folks .
And I ’ll applaud anyone who gets up in front of a crowd to speak , because I certainly do n’t relish it .
Heck , somebody from the Office of the State Treasurer for Oregon even showed up .
But I did n’t see you .
And that made me kind of sad .
But , then again , I ’m all about second chances .
So how about this ?
How about you take a few seconds to provide some details about one , two , or 12 of your current side projects ?
Take a moment to reflect on what you could do with $ 250,000 in the next year , to help bring your product or idea to fruition .
Do n’t think you ’re worthy ?
Not interested in getting funding ?
I ’d still encourage you to take a few moments to respond .
Really , what could it hurt ?
The point is this : rising water floats all boats .
And our state treasurer needs convincing that we have a viable entrepreneurial environment filled with viable startups just waiting to take form .
What ’s more , if these folks can pull off putting together a $ 100 million fund for Oregon startups , it ’s going to help all of us .
But do n’t just take my word for it .
David Abramowski has some great insights about what funding Oregon startups could do for the local economy .
Come to think of it , I do n’t even care if you live in Oregon right now .
If you ’d be willing to relocate to Oregon to start your business , you ’re more than welcome to fill out the form , as well .
So maybe you ’re trying to build a music service or a calendar aggregator or a niche social network or a new form of CRM or an iPhone agency or a mobile development shop focused on usability or a better support tool or charting where you ’ve been or figuring out where your friends are or providing space for your peers to work and socialize or archiving the Web or finding happy hours or producing a weekly podcast or providing information about every Web site ever .
Maybe what you ’re really interested in doing is n’t even geeky .
Maybe you ’re more interested in building out a photography business or covering the Portland scene or building some tangible product or creating a new kind of agency .
I do n’t really care .
We just need smart people like you to share their ideas about what could be done , if the money was there .
And I know you ’ve got some ideas .
But here ’s the catch : you need to respond , now .
And I mean right now .
The team pursuing the fund wants to get this information assembled by Wednesday , March 25 .
So take a deep breath and dive in .
I ’ll keep this form open until Wednesday at midnight .
Then , I ’ll gather up all of the responses and ship them off to the folks working on this .
They , in turn , will crate them up and dump them on the Oregon Treasurer ’s , the Governor ’s , and the various Mayors ’ desks .
Remember , there were some cool ideas pitched , last night .
But none of them were as cool as yours .
[ HTML2 ]
Like this : Like Loading ...
( CNN ) -- The U.S. Postal Service will reduce the amount it pays for homes of employees who are relocating in the wake of a CNN investigation that found it was buying large homes for more than $ 1 million .
The Postal Service bought this 8,400 - square - foot South Carolina home so an employee could relocate .
The new policy , which is expected to take effect June 14 , will set a limit of $ 800,000 for a home .
The limit is now $ 1 million , but before February there was no maximum .
In a statement to CNN , Postal Service spokesman Gerald J. McKiernan said , " It became apparent at the height of the real estate bubble that a number of relocations involved high value homes , thereby moving the Postal Service to reevaluate and change its policy . "
A CNN investigation revealed in February that the Postal Service had no limit on the amount it would pay for a home of a relocating employee .
It paid more than $ 1 million for 14 homes in the past five years .
That included $ 1.2 million for an 8,400 - square - foot , six bedroom lakefront home in Lake Wateree , South Carolina .
The South Carolina home belonged to Ronald Hopson , the former postmaster in Lexington , South Carolina , and his wife , Evelyn .
The property includes 5 acres , four bathrooms , two half - baths and an indoor swimming pool .
Watch more on the house that $ 1.2 million bought »
The CNN investigation prompted Sen. Chuck Grassley to request a review of the relocation policy by the USPS inspector general 's office .
That review , completed this month , found that " while Postal Service relocations are generally comparable to other federal and private sector companies , the benefits it provides to relocating employees are very costly to the Postal Service . "
The inspector general 's report found that the Postal Service spent $ 73 million for relocation benefits to more than 2,000 employees last year .
" In our view , some of the relocations that occurred during this time period were exorbitant , " the report states .
For example , the report cites a home in Indian River Shores , Florida , that was purchased by the Postal Service for $ 2.8 million in November 2007 .
The home was sold eight months later for $ 1.1 million , a $ 1.7 million loss .
Grassley criticized the amount paid for relocations .
" My reaction is that it 's outrageous , particularly if you look at specific instances within that report , but overall surely it goes against what the Postal Service has recently been mandated to do , operate within their income , operate in a more businesslike , cost - effective way , " Grassley said .
The report said that " underlying the high cost of relocating employees is the fact that the Postal Service does not limit the loss it will take on an employee 's home sale . "
McKiernan said the Postal Service relocation policy " is to enable highly qualified employees to relocate as quickly as possible to where they may provide the best use of their skills in support of the organization 's goals . "
He said in the statement to CNN that the Postal Service has purchased 2,646 homes in the past five years as part of the relocation assistance program .
All have been resold .
The report found that Hopson received more than $ 75,000 in relocation benefits , including $ 16,075 for a house - hunting trip .
" We spoke directly with the relocating employee who told us that he and his wife indeed had traveled back and forth to Texas from South Carolina on house - hunting trips , " the report states .
" Consequently , this relocation appears to have been made in accordance with the policies and procedures in effect at the time of the relocation . "
The report revealed that the home is now under contract for $ 950,000 , which would mean the Postal Service would lose $ 250,000 if the sale goes through .
" He wanted to voluntarily move , " Grassley said .
" Nobody was making him move .
They bought his house .
They lost $ 250,000 on his house .
So I think it gets to a point where they ought to make more efficient use of their personnel , and they would n't be wasting this $ 73 million . "
Hopson , who is now the customer service manager for the USPS branch in Carrollton , Texas , has declined to discuss the sale , referring questions to the USPS media office .
All About Chuck Grassley • South Carolina • U.S. Postal Service
. “ Audition or die . ”
Delivered by a trio of psychotic clowns , this ultimatum plunges Jamie into the centuries - old Pilo Family Circus , a borderline world between hell & earth from which humankind 's greatest tragedies have originated .
Yet , in this horrible alternate universe where violence & savagery are the norm , Jamie finds that his worst enemy is himself .
For when he applies the face paint , Jamie is transformed into JJ , the most vicious clown of all .
And JJ wants Jamie dead ...
“ Kitty Raises Hell ” is the sixthnovel and is a direct continuation of “ Kitty and the Dead Man ’s Hand ” .
“ The Pilo Family Circus ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
. Sometimes what happens in Vegas does n't stay in Vegas… Kitty and Ben flee The City That Never Sleeps , thinking they were finished with the dangers there , but the sadistic cult of lycanthropes and their vampire priestess have laid a curse on Kitty in revenge for disrupting their rituals .
In order to break the curse , Kitty and friends must trap a supernatural being . . . a supernatural being that none of them ever thought to face …
Welcome to theedition ofmonthlywhich covers fantasy , science fiction , horror , thrillers , YA , and more .
With over a hundred titles in the Spotlight this month , there were just too many notable books to choose from .
My best advice is to browse through the article at your leisure , because March offers a little bit of everything ... Previous spotlights are listed at the end of this article Also , unless stated otherwise , all release dates are for the US .
Providing valuable assistance with the Spotlight as usual is .
Finally , for moretitles , please check out Walker of Worlds “ Kitty Raises Hell ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Order “ The Pilo Family Circus ”
HERE
Read Excerpts
HERE
Read Reviews via
Blogcritics
+
HorrorScope
NOTE : “ The Pilo Family Circus ” was first published in Australia in 2006 ( ABC Books ) and published in limited edition (
Hardcover
+
Slipcased Hardcover
) by
PS Publishing
“ Firefight ” by Kate Wild .
Release Date : March 1 , 2009 .
Published by in August 2008 .
“ Firefight ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Scholastic
.
Recruited into a black ops unit after bringing down an illegal fight club , Freedom Smith is now an agent for Phoenix , investigating criminal underworlds .
His next assignment is solving the mystery of the Screamer — a viral video that 's already made thirteen kids vanish .
When Freedom faces the music , he finds himself imprisoned in a nightmare fortress .
To escape , he 'll have to master Dragon Fire , the ultimate fighting technique , and battle a supernatural enemy immune to his strength ...
Official Kate Wild Website
Order “ Firefight ”
HERE
NOTE : “ Firefight ” is the second book starring Freedom Smith after “ Fight Game ” and was first released in the UK in July 2008 ( Chicken House ) .
“ Bayou Dogs ” by Tony Abbott .
Release Date : March 1 , 2009 .
Published by “ Firefight ” is the second book starringafter “ Fight Game ” and was first released in the UK in ( Chicken House ) .
“ Bayou Dogs ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Scholastic
.
Could the road to the afterlife be a two - way street ?
Derek 's brother Ronny is n't himself .
No , really .
Ronny 's body has been taken over by the long - dead soul of a man named Virgil Black .
Lucky for him , Virgil is one of the good guys .
Not all of them are .
In fact , a Legion of evil souls is staging a serious comeback .
And they 're staging it at Bayou Malpierre , the site of Derek 's most horrible nightmare .
That nightmare is about to get even worse ...
Official Tony Abbott Website
Order “ Bayou Dogs ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
Armchair Interviews
NOTE : “ Bayou Dogs ” is the second novel in The Haunting of Derek Stone series after “ City of Dead ” .
“ Arch Wizard ” by Ed Greenwood .
UK Release Date : March 2 , 2009 .
Published by “ Bayou Dogs ” is the second novel inseries after “ City of Dead ” .
“ Arch Wizard ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Solaris
.
Having been drawn into a fantasy world of his own creation , Rod Everlar continues his quest to defeat the corruption he has discovered within ... “ Arch Wizard ” is the second thrilling adventure in The Falconfar Saga , a classic sword and sorcery adventure that displays all the hallmarks of Ed Greenwood 's ( Forgotten Realms ) reputation for creating a richly realized fantasy setting , and characters that shine ...
Official Ed Greenwood Wikipedia
Order “ Arch Wizard ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
“ Necroscope : Harry and the Pirates ” by Brian Lumley .
UK Release Date : March 2 , 2009 .
Published by ( UK ) “ Necroscope : Harry and the Pirates ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Solaris
. Harry Keogh makes his long - awaited return as the Necroscope in two novella - length stories .
Set during the fan - favourite Lost Years - era of Harry Keogh 's career , “ For the Dead Travel Slowly ” and “ Harry and the Pirate ” see the Necroscope do battle with horrors both real and imagined , eternal and ethereal ...
Official Brian Lumley Website
Order “ Necroscope : Harry and the Pirates ”
HERE
NOTE : The US version will be published in Hardcover on July 21 , 2009 ( Tor ) .
“ Patient Zero ” by Jonathan Maberry .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by The US version will be published in Hardcover on ( Tor ) .
“ Patient Zero ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
St. Martin ’s Griffin
. Joe Ledger is a Baltimore detective that has just been secretly recruited by the government to lead a new taskforce created to deal with the problems that Homeland Security can't handle .
This rapid response group is called the Department of Military Sciences or the DMS for short .
His first mission : help stop a group of terrorists from releasing a dreadful bio -weapon that can turn ordinary people into zombies ...
Official Jonathan Maberry Website
Order “ Patient Zero ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Sign Up for the FREE Short Story “ Countdown ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
Fangoria
,
Graeme ’s Fantasy Book Review
+
The Wertzone
NOTE : “ Patient Zero ” will be released in the UK on April 16 , 2009 ( Gollancz ) .
“ Storm from the Shadows ” by David Weber .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Patient Zero ” will be released in the UK on ( Gollancz ) .
“ Storm from the Shadows ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Baen
. Rear Admiral Michelle Henke was commanding one of the ships led by Honor Harrington in an all - out space battle .
During the battle , she was taken prisoner and then repatriated to Manticore with the task of carrying a request for a summit conference between the leaders of the two sides which might end the war .
Unfortunately , she finds herself on a collision course with the interstellar syndicate of criminals known as Manpower who have their own plans for eliminating Manticore ...
Official David Weber Wikipedia
Order “ Storm from the Shadows ”
HERE
Read Excerpts
HERE
Read Reviews via
King of the Nerds
NOTE : “ Storm from the Shadows ” is the sequel to “ The Shadow of Saganami ” , which is set in David Weber ’s ultra-popular Honor Harrington series .
“ A Magic of Nightfall ” by S.L. Farrell .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Storm from the Shadows ” is the sequel to “ The Shadow of Saganami ” , which is set inultra - popularseries .
“ A Magic of Nightfall ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
DAW
. “ A Magic of Nightfall ” , the second novel in the Nessantico Cycle — after “ A Magic of Twilight ” — by S.L. Farrell ( Cloudmages Trilogy , Stephen Leigh ) continues the epic tale of an empire at its height , yet poised on the brink of what could be a devastating descent into ruin .
It is a story of murder and magic , of deception and betrayal , of Machiavellian politics , star - crossed lovers , and a realm facing war on every front ...
Official S.L. Farrell Website
Order “ A Magic of Nightfall ”
HERE
Read Excerpts
HERE
“ The Alchemist ’s Pursuit ” by Dave Duncan .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Alchemist ’s Pursuit ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Ace
. Someone is murdering the courtesans of Venice .
All were well - known , admired for their skills — and somehow connected by a sinister event involving one of the great families of the city .
While Nostradamus attempts to use the dark arts to solve riddles which confound explanation , Alfeo finds himself led by a possibly demonic force through a maze of deceit & death .
And when the master & apprentice come to the end of their intertwined paths , there may be hell to pay ...
Official Dave Duncan Website
Order “ The Alchemist ’s Pursuit ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
NOTE : “ The Alchemist ’s Pursuit ” is the third Alchemist novel after “ The Alchemist ’s Apprentice ” and “ The Alchemist ’s Code ” .
“ Act of Will ” by A.J. Hartley .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Alchemist ’s Pursuit ” is the thirdnovel after “ The Alchemist ’s Apprentice ” and “ The Alchemist ’s Code ” .
“ Act of Will ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Tor
. Will Hawthorne , a medieval actor and playwright , flees the authorities only to find himself inextricably bound to a group of high - minded adventurers on a deadly mission .
In the course of Will ’s uneasy alliance with his new protectors , he has to get his pragmatic mind to accept selfless heroism ( which he thinks is absurd ) and magic ( which he does n’t believe in ) , while eventually deciding where his loyalties really lie and how much he is prepared to do to stand up for them ...
Official A.J. Hartley Website
Order “ Act of Will ”
HERE
“ The Last Paladin ” by Kathleen Bryan .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Last Paladin ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Tor
.
Averil , once hunted across the land and sea by her uncle the king , is now the Queen Lys .
But if she cannot defy and defeat her late uncle ’s sorcerous masters , she will never live to be crowned ...
“ The Last Paladin ” is the conclusion to Kathleen Bryan ’s highly praised romantic fantasy trilogy , The War of the Roses , after “ The Serpent and the Rose ” and “ The Golden Rose ” .
Official Kathleen Bryan LiveJournal
Order “ The Last Paladin ”
HERE
“ The Shadow Queen ” by Anne Bishop .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Shadow Queen ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Roc
. Theran Grayhaven is the last of his line , desperate to find the key that reveals a treasure great enough to restore Dena Nehele to its former glory .
But first he needs to find a Queen who remembers the Blood ’s code of honor and lives by the Old Ways .
The woman chosen to rule Dena Nehele , Lady Cassidy , is not beautiful and believes she is not strong .
But she may be the only one able to convince bitter men to serve once again ...
Official Anne Bishop Website
Order “ The Shadow Queen ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
NOTE : “ The Shadow Queen ” is the newest volume in the Black Jewels series after “ Tangled Webs ” .
“ Coyote Horizon ” by Allen Steele .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Shadow Queen ” is the newest volume in theseries after “ Tangled Webs ” .
“ Coyote Horizon ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Ace
.
The planet of Coyote has become the last , best hope of humankind But it has also become the principal point of contact with the alien race , the hjadd .
Although the hjadd have built an embassy near the original colony , they remain a mystery .
And as the colonists make preparations to explore the rest of the new world , ex-convict Hawk Thompson discovers more about the hjadd than anyone has learned before — and his knowledge will change human history …
Official Allen Steele Website
Official Coyote Series Website
Order “ Coyote Horizon ”
HERE
NOTE : “ Coyote Horizon ” is the newest Coyote novel after “ Galaxy Blues ” .
“ Corsair ” by Richard Baker .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Coyote Horizon ” is the newestnovel after “ Galaxy Blues ” .
“ Corsair ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Wizards of the Coast
.
When pirates threaten his home , Geran is elected by the city council to track the blood - thirsty pirates to their hidden base , infiltrate them , and find a way to stop them before it 's too late .
But the pirates are motivated by more than greed .
Kin to his enemies , they seek a deeper revenge , one Geran only begins to glimpse when they kidnap the woman he loves ... “ Corsair ” is the second Blades of the Moonsea novel after “ Swordmage ” .
Official Richard Baker Wikipedia
Order “ Corsair ”
HERE
“ Prophets ” by S. Andrew Swann .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Prophets ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
DAW
.
It ’s been nearly two hundred years since the collapse of the Confederacy , the last government to claim humanity ’s colonies .
So when signals come in revealing lost human colonies that could shift the power balance , the race is on between the Caliphate ships and a small team of scientists and mercenarys .
But what awaits them all is a threat far beyond the scope of any human government ...
Official S. Andrew Swann Website
Order “ Prophets ”
HERE
Watch the Book Trailer
HERE
NOTE : “ Prophets ” is the first book in the Apotheosis series , which is the long - awaited sequel to the Hostile Takeover trilogy .
“ Living With Ghosts ” by Kari Sperring .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Prophets ” is the first book in theseries , which is the long - awaited sequel to thetrilogy .
“ Living With Ghosts ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
DAW
.
For centuries , Merafi ’s safety & prosperity have relied on a pact sealed in blood between its first king and the land ’s elemental forces .
But now a priestess and a prince weave a sorcerous plot to shatter the pact and only a failed assassin - priest , a noble lord , an officer of the city guard , a woman warrior who was the former lover of a now - dead lord , and the ghost of that lord himself stand between Merafi and the ruin that may soon be flooding down upon the city ...
Official Kari Sperring Website
Order “ Living With Ghosts ”
HERE
“ Ages of Wonder ” by Julie E. Czerneda & Rob St. Martin .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Ages of Wonder ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
DAW
. Fantasy — the very word conjures infinite possibilities .
And yet far too often , writers limit themselves to a few well - mined areas of the vast fantasy realms .
But the history of our world offers many cultures and areas rich in lore and legend that have barely been explored .
And so we have “ Ages of Wonder ” .
Here are nineteen original stories of myth , magic , and the creatures of fantasy , as seen through different historical eras — from the Age of Antiquity to the Age of Sails , the Colonial Age , the Age of Pioneers , the Pre-Modern Age , and the Age to come ...
Official Julie E. Czerneda Website
Official Rob St. Martin Website
Order “ Ages of Wonder ”
HERE
“ The Kindly Ones ” by Jonathan Littell .
US Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Kindly Ones ” by .
US Release Date :.
Published by
HarperCollins
. UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by
Chatto & Windus
.
“ Oh my human brothers , let me tell you how it happened . ”
So begins the chilling fictional memoir of Dr. Maximilien Aue , a former Nazi officer who has reinvented himself , many years after the war , as a middle - class family man and factory owner in France .
A supreme historical epic and a haunting work of fiction , Jonathan Littell 's masterpiece is intense , hallucinatory , and utterly original .
A morally challenging read , “ The Kindly Ones ” holds up a mirror to humanity ...
Official Jonthan Littell Wikipedia
Order “ The Kindly Ones ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Browse Inside
HERE
Read Reviews via
The Observer
+
Times Online
NOTE : “ The Kindly Ones ” was first published to critical acclaim in France in 2006 , and went on to win the Prix Goncourt , France ’s most prestigious literary award .
“ Angels of Destruction ” by Keith Donohue .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Kindly Ones ” was first published to critical acclaim in France in 2006 , and went on to win the , France ’s most prestigious literary award .
“ Angels of Destruction ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Shaye Areheart Books
. “ Angels of Destruction ” is the story of Norah , a nine - year - old girl who seems to materialize out of thin air when she arrives one night on the doorstep of Margaret Quinn .
A widow who lives alone , Margaret has never gotten over the loss of her own missing child .
So Norah becomes Margaret 's secret , a child possessed of magical qualities .
But who is she really ?
What is her purpose on earth ?
And what is her connection to Margaret 's missing daughter ?
Official Keith Donohue Wikipedia
Order “ Angels of Destruction ”
HERE
NOTE : The UK version will be published on July 2 , 2009 ( Jonathan Cape Ltd ) .
“ The Tourist ” by Olen Steinhauer .
US Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by The UK version will be published on ( Jonathan Cape Ltd ) .
“ The Tourist ” by .
US Release Date : .
Published by
St. Martin ’s Minotaur
. UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by
HarperCollins UK
. Milo Weaver used to be a “ tourist ” for the CIA — an undercover agent with no home , no identity — but he ’s since retired from the field and now has a wife , a daughter , and a brownstone in Brooklyn .
However , when the arrest of a long - sought - after assassin sets off an investigation into one of Milo ’s oldest colleagues and exposes new layers of intrigue in his old cases , he has no choice but to go back undercover and find out who ’s holding the strings once and for all ...
Official Olen Steinhauer Website
Order “ The Tourist ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read An Excerpt
HERE
NOTE : “ The Tourist ” is being adapted into a movie by
Warner Bros .
George Clooney possibly starring .
“ Lowboy ” by John Wray .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by withpossibly starring .
“ Lowboy ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Farrar , Straus and Giroux
. UK Release Date : March 19 , 2009 .
Published by
Canongate
. “ Lowboy ” tells the story of a 16 - year - old paranoid schizophrenic ’s fantastic & terrifying odyssey through New York City ’s tunnels , back alleys , and streets in search of Emily Wallace , his one great hope , and of Violet Heller ’s desperate attempts to locate her son before psychosis claims him completely ...
Suspenseful and comic , devastating and hopeful by turns , “ Lowboy ” is a fearless exploration of youth , sex , and violence in contemporary America , seen through one boy ’s haunting and extraordinary vision ...
Official John Wray Wikipedia
Order “ Lowboy ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read An Interview with John Wray
HERE
Read Reviews via
BookGeeks
“ The Little Sleep ” by Paul Tremblay .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Little Sleep ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Henry Holt & Company
. Mark Genevich is a South Boston P.I. with a little problem : he ’s narcoleptic , and he suffers from the most severe symptoms , including hypnogogic hallucinations .
These waking dreams wreak havoc for a guy who depends on real - life clues to make his living ...
Wildly imaginative and with a pitch - perfect voice , “ The Little Sleep ” is the first in a new series that casts a fresh eye on the rigors of detective work , and introduces a character who has a lot to prove — if only he can stay awake long enough to do it .
Official Paul Tremblay Website
Order “ The Little Sleep ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
“ Pain Killers ” by Jerry Stahl .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Pain Killers ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
William Morrow
.
From the acclaimed and controversial author of “ Permanent Midnight ” comes one of the most vividly subversive , savagely funny , and explosive novels yet unleashed in our tender century .
Capturing one man 's struggle against a perverse and demented scheme of global proportions , “ Pain Killers ” is a violent , original and mind - wrenching masterpiece in the gonzo noir style that has earned Jerry Stahl his legion of avid fans ...
Official Jerry Stahl Website
Order “ Pain Killers ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
“ Breathers : A Zombie ’s Lament ” by S.G. Browne .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Breathers : A Zombie ’s Lament ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Broadway
. Meet Andy Warner , a recently deceased everyman and newly minted zombie .
Resented by his parents , abandoned by his friends , and reviled by a society that no longer considers him human , Andy is having trouble adjusting to his new existence .
But all that changes when he goes to an Undead Anonymous meeting and finds kindred souls .
When the group meets a rogue zombie who teaches them the joys of human flesh though , things start to get messy , and Andy embarks on a journey of self - discovery ...
Official S.G. Browne Website
Official Breathers Website
Order “ Breathers ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
Dark Scribe Magazine
NOTE : A film adaptation of “ Breathers : A Zombie ’s Lament ” will be produced by Diablo Cody ( Juno , Jennifer ’s Body ) .
“ New Blood ” by Gail Dayton .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by A film adaptation of “ Breathers : A Zombie ’s Lament ” will be produced by ( Juno , Jennifer ’s Body ) .
“ New Blood ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Tor
.
In 1636 , the last blood sorceress was burned at the stake .
More than two hundred years later , her blood servant Jax has found her successor .
Amanusa at first turns down the opportunity to learn what she perceives as an evil art .
But she craves justice , and innocent blood cries out for justice .
Needing each other for their very survival , Amanusa and Jax grow ever closer on their journey to discover answers — about magic , blood sorcery , the dead zones , and even love ...
Official Gail Dayton Website
Order “ New Blood ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
Night Owl Romance
“ Deathwish ” by Rob Thurman .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Deathwish ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Roc
.
In the fourth Cal Leandros novel after “ Madhouse ” , half - human Cal Leandros and his brother Niko are hired by the vampire Seamus to find out who has been following him — until Seamus turns up dead ( or un-undead ) .
Worse still is the return of Cal ’s nightmarish family , the Auphe .
The last time Cal and Niko faced them , they were almost wiped out .
Now , the Auphe want revenge .
But first , they ’ll destroy everything Cal holds dear ...
Official Rob Thurman Website
Order “ Deathwish ”
HERE
“ Second Skin ” by Caitlin Kittredge .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Second Skin ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
St. Martin’s
.
While investigating the murders of werewolves from Nocturne City ’s oldest packs , police officer Luna Wilder traces the killings to a band of shapeshifters made of smoke and shadow .
Now their leader , Lucas Kennuka , is out to wrest Luna ’s heart from her beloved Dmitri .
To make matters worse , Dmitri is suffering from a mysterious illness brought on by a demon bite , and his condition grows more grave with each passing day .
Now Luna must rely on Lucas to defeat an invisible enemy — a serial were - killer bringing death and destruction to all who stand in its path …
Official Caitlin Kittredge Website
Order “ Second Skin ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
Darque Reviews
NOTE : “ Second Skin ” is the third Nocturne City novel after “ Night Life ” and “ Pure Blood ” .
“ A Drop of Red ” by Chris Marie - Green .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Second Skin ” is the thirdnovel after “ Night Life ” and “ Pure Blood ” .
“ A Drop of Red ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Ace
.
Hollywood stuntwoman - turned - vampire - hunter Dawn Madison and her comrades managed to wipe out the Los Angeles Vampire Underground — and uncovered not only her own dark family heritage but also a terrible truth about the man she loves .
When a new Underground is found in England , Dawn and a vampire - fighting team are dispatched to London .
Dawn knows by now how deceiving appearances can be — and she is about to find out that it ’s not only the beautiful people of Hollywood who are willing to bargain with evil …
Official Chris Marie - Green Website
Order “ A Drop of Red ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
Darque Reviews
NOTE : “ A Drop of Red ” is the fourth Vampire Babylon novel after “ Break of Dawn ” .
“ Angels ’ Blood ” by Nalini Singh .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ A Drop of Red ” is the fourthnovel after “ Break of Dawn ” .
“ Angels ’ Blood ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Berkley
. Vampire hunter Elena Deveraux is hired by the dangerously beautiful Archangel Raphael .
But this time , it ’s not a wayward vamp she has to track .
It ’s an archangel gone bad .
The job will put Elena in the midst of a killing spree like no other — and pull her to the razor ’s edge of passion .
Even if the hunt does n’t destroy her , succumbing to Raphael ’s seductive touch just may .
For when archangels play , mortals break ...
Official Nalini Singh Website
Order “ Angels ’ Blood ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
Babbling About Books
,
Errant Dreams Reviews
,
Literary Escapism
,
LoveVampires
+
Monsters & Critics
NOTE : “ Angels ’ Blood ” is the first volume in The Guild Hunter series which introduces a world of beauty and bloodlust , where angels hold sway over vampires .
“ As Shadows Fade ” by Colleen Gleason .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Angels ’ Blood ” is the first volume inseries which introduces a world of beauty and bloodlust , where angels hold sway over vampires .
“ As Shadows Fade ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Signet
.
While Sebastian Vioget appears to be both the perfect warrior and lover to ensure the Gardella legacy , Victoria cannot forget Max Pesaro — the former slayer still haunted by the vampire queen Lilith who may be the key to saving all of humanity .
Demons , enemies of both mortals and the undead , have found their way to earth .
To defeat them , vampires and slayers must fight side by side .
But Lilith wants
Max in return for her cooperation ...
Official Colleen Gleason Website
Order “ As Shadows Fade ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
All About Romance
NOTE : “ As Shadows Fade ” is the fifth novel in the Gardella Vampire Chronicles after “ When Twilight Burns ” .
“ Truancy : Origins ” by Isamu Fukui .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ As Shadows Fade ” is the fifth novel in theafter “ When Twilight Burns ” .
“ Truancy : Origins ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Tor
. Fifteen years ago , the Mayor of the Education City was presented with twin six - month - old boys .
Raised in the comfort of the Mayoral mansion , Umasi & Zen are complete opposites .
Umasi is a good student ; Zen an indifferent one .
They love their adoptive father , but when they discover that he is responsible for their suffering , affection turns to bitterness .
Umasi & Zen are thrust onto two diverging paths .
One will try to destroy the City .
The other will try to stop him ...
Official Truancy Website
Order “ Truancy : Origins ”
HERE
“ Jo - Jo and the Fiendish Lot ” by Andrew Auseon .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Jo - Jo and the Fiendish Lot ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
HarperCollins
. Jo -Jo
Dyas does n't believe he has any reason to live , but then he meets the surprisingly lively dead girl .
She and her punk band , the Fiendish Lot , come from the Afterlife , a place where souls sometimes pause on the journey between this world and the next .
When Jo-Jo follows her there , he gets a chance to make right all the things that have gone wrong in his life . . . but only if he can figure out how before he fades away into nothing ...
Official Andrew Auseon Website
Order “ Jo - Jo and the Fiendish Lot ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
The Book Muncher
“ Godmother ” by Carolyn Turgeon .
US Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ Godmother ” by .
US Release Date : .
Published by
Three Rivers Press
. UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by
Headline
. Lil is an old woman living in a Manhattan apartment .
Once though , she was the fairy godmother responsible for getting Cinderella to the ball to unite with Prince Charming .
But on that fateful night , Lil allowed herself to feel the emotions of human beings , falling in love with the prince herself , and went to the ball disguised as Cinderella .
For her unforgivable mistake , she was banished to live among humans .
Now Lil ’s been given a chance at redemption , if she can find a soul mate for Veronica ...
Official Carolyn Turgeon Website
Order “ Godmother ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read An Excerpt
HERE
NOTE : “ Godmother : The Secret Cinderella Story ” has been optioned for film adaption by
Random House Films
Focus Pictures .
“ The Amaranth Enchantment ” by Julie Berry .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Amaranth Enchantment ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Bloomsbury USA
.
When Lucinda Chapdelaine was a small child , her parents left for the royal ball and never returned .
Ever since , Lucinda has been stuck in perpetual servitude at her evil aunt ’s jewelry store .
Then one day , a mysterious visitor and a bizarre piece of jewelry both enter the shop , setting in motion events that will forever alter Lucinda ’s path .
In this magical story filled with delightful surprises , Lucinda will dance at the royal ball , fall under the Amaranth Witch ’s spell , avenge her parents ’ death , and maybe — just maybe — capture the heart of a prince ...
Official Julie Berry Website
Order “ The Amaranth Enchantment ”
HERE
NOTE : “ The Amaranth Enchantment ” was the winner of the 2007 Vermont College Program Scholarship Prize and is a Junior Library Guild selection .
“ Serendipity Market ” by Penny Blubaugh .
Release Date : March 3 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Amaranth Enchantment ” was the winner of the 2007 and is aselection .
“ Serendipity Market ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
HarperCollins
.
When Toby breathes on Mama Inez 's bird - shaped invitations , giving them the power to fly , plans for the Serendipity Market begin .
Soon , eleven honored guests travel from afar and make their way to the storytellers ' tent to share their stories .
Each tale proves what Mama Inez knows — that magic is everywhere .
Sometimes it shows itself subtly and sometimes it makes itself known with trumpets & fireworks .
But when real magic is combined with the magic of storytelling , it can change the world ...
Official Penny Blubaugh Blog
Order “ Serendipity Market ”
HERE
“ The Hunt for Dark Infinity ” by James Dashner .
Release Date : March 4 , 2009 .
Published by “ The Hunt for Dark Infinity ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Shadow Mountain
.
It ’s been a quiet summer for Tick , Paul , and Sofia , but the latest message from Master George changes everything .
The Realities are in danger and from something more terrible than Mistress Jane and the mutated Chi karda of the Thirteenth Reality — a mysterious new weapon called Dark Infinity .
Now , Mistress Jane and Tick find themselves in a race to reach the weapon first , but who will destroy it and who will become its master ?
Official 13th Reality Website
Official James Dashner Blog
Order “ The Hunt for Dark Infinity ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Fantasy Book Critic’s
Review
NOTE : “ The Hunt for Dark Infinity ” is the second volume in The 13th Reality children ’s fantasy series after “ The Journal of Curious Letters ” .
“ Rides a Dread Legion ” by Raymond E. Feist .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by of “ The Journal of Curious Letters ” “ The Hunt for Dark Infinity ” is the second volume inchildren ’s fantasy series after “ The Journal of Curious Letters ” .
“ Rides a Dread Legion ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
HarperVoyager
. US Release Date : March 31 , 2009 .
Published by
EOS Books
.
Ten years after the cataclysmic events of “ Wrath of a Mad God ” took place , Midkemia now faces a new danger — the Clan of the Seven Stars , the last remnants of an ancient advanced race who have returned to Midkemia to reclaim their lost homeworld .
But close on their heels is the Dread Legion , relentless demon hordes that are sweeping through their galaxy and destroying the elves ' vast empire planet by planet ...
Official Raymond E. Feist Website
Order “ Rides a Dread Legion ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read An Excerpt
HERE
NOTE : “ Rides a Dread Legion ” is the first book in the new Demonwar Saga .
“ This Is Not a Game ” by Walter Jon Williams .
UK / US Release Date : March 5 / March 24 , 2009 .
Published by “ Rides a Dread Legion ” is the first book in the new “ This Is Not a Game ” by .
UK / US Release Date :.
Published by
Orbit
. Dagmar is a producer for an ARG ( Alternate Reality Game ) gaming company , but her latest project is spiraling out of control , and she finds herself dodging the Russian Mob as she tries to figure out why her game seems to be causing an international financial crisis and murder .
To survive , Dagmar must draw on all her resources — including millions of online gamers — to track down a killer ...
Official Walter Jon Williams Website
Order “ This Is Not a Game ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read Reviews via
Concept Sci-Fi
+
From A Sci-Fi Standpoint
“ Firebirds Soaring ” edited by Sharyn November .
Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ Firebirds Soaring ” edited by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Puffin
.
First there was “ Firebirds ” .
Then “ Firebirds Rising ” .
Now there is “ Firebirds Soaring ” , the third anthology of original stories by some of today ’s finest writers of fantasy and science fiction .
These authors have brought new worlds and Old Magic to life in nineteen remarkable short stories which continue to set the standard for short fiction for teenagers and adult fans of the genre ...
Official Sharyn November Website
Order “ Firebirds Soaring ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
Green Man Review
NOTE : Includes contributions by Christopher Barzak , Nancy Farmer , Ellen Klages , Margo Lanagan , Chris Roberson , Sherwood Smith , Jo Walton , Jane Yolen , and many others .
Decorative vignettes are provided by
Mike Dringenberg
“ Seeds of Earth ” by Michael Cobley .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by ( Neil Gaiman ’s Sandman , co-creator of Death ) .
“ Seeds of Earth ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Orbit
.
The first intelligent species to encounter Mankind attacked without warning and swarmed locust - like through the solar system .
With little hope of halting the savage invasion , Earth sent out three colony ships , seeds of Earth , to different parts of the galaxy .
150 years later , the human colony on the planet Darien has established a new world for Humanity and forged a peaceful relationship with the planet ’s indigenous race .
But there are secrets buried beneath the surface of Darien ’s forest moon and life is about to change for the last children of Earth ...
Official Michael Cobley Website
Order “ Seeds of Earth ”
HERE
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
BookGeeks
,
Concept Sci-Fi
,
The Bookbag
+
Walker of Worlds
NOTE : “ Seeds of Earth ” is the first volume in the Humanity ’s Fire sequence — a multi-layered , 21st century take on the classic tropes of space opera by a bold new voice in British science fiction .
“ Thicker Than Water ” by Mike Carey .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ Seeds of Earth ” is the first volume in thesequence — a multi-layered , 21st century take on the classic tropes of space opera by a bold new voice in British science fiction .
“ Thicker Than Water ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Orbit
. Names and faces he thought he'd left behind in Liverpool resurface in London , bringing Felix Castor far more trouble than he 'd anticipated .
See , Castor ’s stepped over the line this time , and he knows he ’ll have to pay .
The only question is : how much ?
Not the best of times , then , for an unwelcome confrontation with his holier - than - thou brother , Matthew .
And just when he thinks things can't possibly get any worse , along comes Father Gwillam and the Anathemata ...
Official Mike Carey Website
Order “ Thicker Than Water ”
HERE
NOTE : “ Thicker Than Water ” is the fourth Felix Castor novel after “ Dead Men ’s Boots ” .
“ Thieving Fear ” by Ramsey Campbell .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ Thicker Than Water ” is the fourthnovel after “ Dead Men ’s Boots ” .
“ Thieving Fear ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Virgin Books
.
For Charlotte Nolan and her cousins Ellen , Hugh and his brother Rory , much more than their jobs begin to go wrong as something reaches out of the past for them .
What has it to do with the summer night they spent on Thursaston Common and the Victorian occultist Arthur Pendemon ?
Before the nightmare can end , more than one of them will have to enter what remains of Pendemon 's house and confront what still lives there in the dark …
Official Ramsey Campbell Website
Order “ Thieving Fear ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
The Curmudgeon
NOTE : “ Thieving Fear ” was released in June 2008 in limited edition via
PS Publishing
.
The US version will be published by
Tor
“ Handling the Undead ” by John Ajvide Lindqvist .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ Handling the Undead ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Quercus
. Something very peculiar is happening in Stockholm .
There 's a heatwave going on and people cannot turn their lights out or switch off their appliances .
Then the terrible news breaks .
The dead are waking up .
What do they want ?
To come home .
John Ajvide Lindqvist 's second novel , “ Handling the Undead ” , is a haunting story about our greatest fear and about a love that defies death …
Official John Ajvide Lindqvist Wikipedia
Order “ Handling the Undead ”
HERE
NOTE : John Ajvide Lindqvist is also the author of the Swedish bestselling vampire novel “ Let the Right One In ” — or Let Me
In as it is known in the US — and was adapted into a Swedish film that won the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival Founders Award for Best Narrative Feature .
“ Hell ’s Horizon ” by D.B. Shan .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by is also the author of the Swedish bestselling vampire novel “ Let the Right One In ” — or Let Me
In as it is known in the US — and was adapted into a Swedish film that won thefor Best Narrative Feature .
“ Hell ’s Horizon ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
HarperVoyager
.
When Al Jeery investigates the murder of a woman at a hotel , he little suspects that the dead woman will turn out to be his girlfriend .
Soon he is involved in a terrifying mystery that draws in the dead , the city 's Incan forefathers , the imposing figure of The Cardinal himself , and the near - mythical assassin , Paucar Wami — a mysterious figure who can apparently kill anyone he chooses without fear of punishment or retribution .
And Al is about to find out that he has a lot more in common with Wami than he could ever have imagined ...
Official Darren Shan Website
Order “ Hell ’s Horizon ”
HERE
NOTE : “ Hell ’s Horizon ” is the second volume in The City Trilogy after “ Procession of the Dead ” .
“ Vlad : The Last Confession ” by C.C. Humphreys .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ Hell ’s Horizon ” is the second volume inafter “ Procession of the Dead ” .
“ Vlad : The Last Confession ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Orion
. Dracula .
A name of horror , depravity and the darkest sensuality .
Yet the real Dracula was just as alluring , just as terrifying , his story not of a monster but of a man and a contradiction .
For the one they called ' The Devil 's Son ' was both tyrant and lawgiver , crusader and mass slaughterer , torturer and hero , lover and murderer .
“ Vlad : The Last Confession ” spins legend and facts together into a monumental novel of blood , love and terror .
This is the true story of Dracula as it has never been told before …
Official C.C. Humphreys Website
Order “ Vlad : The Last Confession ”
HERE
Read An Extract
HERE
Read Reviews via
Quill & Quire
“ Hand of Isis ” by Jo Graham .
UK / US Release Date : March 5 / March 23 , 2009 .
Published by “ Hand of Isis ” by .
UK / US Release Date :.
Published by
Orbit
.
Against the rising power of Rome , Egypt is the last and strongest bastion of the Eastern Hellenistic kingdoms .
Charmian is Cleopatra 's half sister , daughter of Pharaoh and a woman of the harem , and together with their sister Iras , they are fated to defend Egypt from those who would destroy her .
So when Roman Julius Caesar comes to Egypt in pursuit of his enemies , Charmian and her sisters are drawn into a deadly struggle .
One that will shape the world to come ...
Official Jo Graham LiveJournal
Order “ Hand of Isis ”
HERE
( US ) +
HERE
( UK )
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read Reviews via
My Favourite Books
“ In Great Waters ” by Kit Whitfield .
UK Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ In Great Waters ” by .
UK Release Date :.
Published by
Jonathan Cape
.
Since the ninth century , when the deepsmen invaded Venice , an uneasy alliance has held between the people of the land and the sea .
Now , centuries later , no navy can cross the seas without allies in the ocean — and without deepsmen guarding its shores , no nation can withstand invasion .
The hybrid kings keep the treaty between both sides , protecting their people from the threat of war .
But change is on the horizon ...
In this work of stunning imagination , Kit Whitfield has written a fictional history at once familiar and alien .
Official Kit Whitfield Website
Order “ In Great Waters ”
HERE
“ Private Midnight ” by Kris Saknussemm .
Release Date : March 5 , 2009 .
Published by “ Private Midnight ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
The Overlook Press
. Detective Birch Ritter is a man on the edge — of himself .
His past is filled with secrets , shadows , guilt , and ghosts .
Then a dubious police buddy introduces him to a mysterious woman who says her business is shadows .
What she knows about what lies between the darkness and the light inside men is more than Ritter may want to find out , and much more than he can resist learning .
It ’s said that to try to forget is to try to conceal , and concealing evidence is a crime .
But maybe revelation is another kind of crime — against nature ...
Official Kris Saknussemm Website
Order “ Private Midnight ”
HERE
Watch the Book Trailer
HERE
“ The Warded Man ” by Peter V. Brett .
Release Date : March 10 , 2009 ( US Debut ) .
Published by “ The Warded Man ” by .
Release Date : ( US Debut ) .
Published by
Del Rey
.
Touched by the demon plague , Arlen leaves the safety of the wards to discover a different path …
Her future destroyed by betrayal and a lie , Leesha becomes the guardian of dangerous knowledge …
Orphaned & crippled in a demon attack , Rojer takes solace in the arts of a Jongleur , only to learn that his unique talent gives him power over the night …
Together , these three young people will offer humanity a last , fleeting chance of survival …
Official Peter V. Brett Website
Order “ The Warded Man ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
Blood of the Muse
,
Fantasy Book Critic
,
Graeme ’s Fantasy Book Review
,
NextRead
,
Realms of Speculative Fiction
,
SFFWorld
,
SFRevu
,
SF Site
+
The Wertzone
Read An Excerpt
HERE
Read An Interview with Peter V. Brett
HERE
NOTE : The UK version was published September 1 , 2008 ( HarperVoyager ) under the title “ The Painted Man ” .
The sequel , “ The Desert Spear ” , will be released in the UK in August 2009 .
“ Midwinter ” by Matthew Sturges .
Release Date : March 10 , 2009 .
Published by The UK version was published ( HarperVoyager ) under the title “ The Painted Man ” .
The sequel , “ The Desert Spear ” , will be released in the UK in “ Midwinter ” by .
Release Date :.
Published by
Pyr
.
Winter comes to the land only once in a hundred years .
But the snow covers ancient secrets — secrets that could topple a kingdom .
Mauritaine was a war hero .
Then he was accused of treason and sentenced to life without parole at Crere Sulace , a dark and ancient prison in the mountains , far from the City Emerald .
But now the Seelie Queen — Regina Titania herself — has offered him one last chance to redeem himself . . . an opportunity to regain his freedom and his honor ...
Official Matthew Sturges Blog
Order “ Midwinter ”
HERE
Read Reviews via
Grasping for the Wind
Read BookSpot Central’s
Interview
with Matthew Sturges
It was bound to happen and we got to say , it 's pretty to look at : load Street View at a scenic location , take a screen - shot at every click , then run 'em through an image editor .
Advertisement
Click to view
An especially awesome development would be to automate this , requiring only a starting and a finishing point .
Suddenly , the nightly rituals of Google Mapsing great drives or pleasant strolls would be even more fun .
Advertisement
Video Credit : joelaz / Flickr via Gizmodo
Traditional conservatories have been around for centuries .
Traditionally , the conservatory was not a place to live but instead served as a place to spend times with family and friends as well as guests .
Because of the atmosphere that is usually created inside a traditional conservatory , the many advantages of conservatories is undeniable .
In today ’s modern day conservatories , though , the needs have changed Wooden Conservatories .
A modern conservatory has many features to provide comfort and convenience .
Some areas of your conservatory are required to be blocked off to prevent insects from entering your conservatory and causing damage to your furnishings and fixtures .
Also , your conservatory is not a place for recreation but rather it is an area where you can spend time relaxing and enjoying the warmth of your home .
When designing your conservatory , it is important to consider the size of your conservatory see Traditional Conservatories for more .
This will allow you to create the ideal amount of privacy that you need .
Of course , your conservatory does not have to be too large or too small ; in fact , it can be just the right size to add to the look and feel of your home while still providing all of the comfort and style that you need .
Many homeowners choose a conservatory that is too small to use for entertaining , but one that is large enough to relax and enjoy the views of your garden .
Modern day conservatories have many options to choose from when it comes to design .
You can choose from small and compact conservatories that have all of the natural light you require , or you can have larger ones that have more shade that can be used for specific purposes .
No matter what style of design you choose , you can ensure that you will find the perfect conservatory that will provide you with all of the amenities that you need in a luxurious area that is sure to be the envy of your neighbors .
Another area of focus when designing your conservatory is the heating system .
Many homeowners prefer to use natural heat to heat their conservatory rather than electricity .
Natural heat has several advantages , such as providing a comfortable environment for you , keeping your outdoor furniture and carpet warm , and saving you money on your electric bill .
It is important to choose a system that is easy to use so that you do not have to struggle to keep your conservatory warm .
You can also find alternative materials to use when building your conservatory .
Metal frames are a popular choice due to their durability and ability to provide heat .
You can also find vinyl frame conservatories , which are light weight and durable .
Wooden frames are also a popular choice as they are affordable and look beautiful .
As mentioned above , a conservatory is not only a place to entertain , but it is also a place to relax and enjoy your surroundings .
It is not uncommon for many homeowners to decorate their conservatory to achieve both of these ends .
If you choose to create a tasteful interior , then you will have an inviting , luxurious environment that will be welcoming to guests .
When it comes to choosing designs for your conservatory , there are many styles and designs available today , from traditional to contemporary conservatories .
With so many styles and designs available today , it is easy to find the design that best fits your decorating style .
When you look at conservatories today , it is easy to see why they have become one of the most popular styles of design .
Two congressmen are demanding the answer to this question :
Which of the following would disqualify a person for the position of chairman of the National Intelligence Council , whose " goal is to provide policymakers with the best information : unvarnished , unbiased and without regard to whether the analytic judgments conform to current U.S. policy " ?
A. Heading an organization which accepted $ 1 million donation from the Saudis ;
B. Lobbying for the Saudi government ;
D. Denying claims of any historical Jewish presence in Jerusalem and blaming Israel for the lack of peace in the Middle East ;
E. Publishing anti-Semitic canards such as the U.S. sacrificing its self interests because of a powerful Jewish cabal ;
F. Promoting public schools textbooks which the independent Textbook League describe as " a vehicle for disseminating disinformation , including a multitude of false , distorted or utterly absurd claims that are presented as historical facts .
...[ with ] three principal purposes : inducing teachers to embrace Islamic religious beliefs ; inducing teachers to embrace political views that are favored by the MEPC , Middle East Policy Council ( formerly the American Arab Affairs Council ) ... ; and impelling teachers to disseminate those religious beliefs and political views in schools " ;
G. Marketing educational materials which recreate world history and refer to the land of Israel only as Palestine and claim that native American Iroquois and Algonquin chiefs had names like " Abdul - Rahim and Abdallah Ibn Malik " ;
I. Praising Hamas as the only democratically elected government in the Arab world and excusing terrorism as a response to Israel 's and the U.S. " unreasoning hostility and condemnation . "
Two congressmen are answering , " All of the above " in response to the appointment of Chas W. Freeman Jr. for the chairmanship of the National Intelligence Council .
On Thursday , Rep. Mark Steven Kirk ( IL ) was gaining support for his letter for to the inspector general of the Office of the Director for National Intelligence urging a review of Mr. Freeman 's organization .
" Given his close ties to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , we request a comprehensive review of Ambassador Freeman 's past and current commercial , financial and contractual ties to the Kingdom to ensure no conflict of interest exists in his new position , " the letter said .
Eric Cantor ( VA ) also expressed grave concerns .
" Chas Freeman 's past associations and positions on foreign policy are deeply alarming .
His statements about the U.S. - Israel relationship raise serious concerns about his ability to support the administration 's attempts to bring security , stability and peace to the Middle East . "
Thanks to Representatives Kirk and Cantor for getting the questions started in Congress ,
Common law may provide access to records in situations where statutory law does not .
The common law of access to records for journalists was probably never as deficient in actual practice as it is usually predicted .
Author : Robert L Hughes
The dramatic developments in federal and state right - to - know laws during the past quarter century ( 1 ) have commanded the attention of the media and their lawyers , leaving the common law of access to records neglected .
But the common law , rather than being a misunderstood relic , can be a creative supplement to modern laws .
The common law can open records statutes can't .
There are 51 different right - to - know or freedom of information ( FOI ) laws .
Each state has its own as does the federal government Generally speaking , each require all government records to be open to the public unless a particular record falls into one of several specifically identified categories , such as personnel files .
In those instances , the custodian of the record has the discretion to withhold it ; balancing the interest served by withholding -- personal privacy , for example -- against the public interest in disclosure , ( Occasionally other laws override FOI statutes and require certain records to be withheld .
And some agencies , or even an entire branch of government as in the case of Congress , is exempt from right - to - know legislation . )
For most journalists most of the time FOI laws are the legal tools of choice .
They do n't routinely require a lawyer 's help to use .
They put the burden of justifying withholding on the government .
They define records broadly and they impose time limits for making records available .
Also , they are unambiguous , at least when compared to the common law , the traditional case - or judge - made law whose failings the statutes were enacted to correct .
Yet the very shortcomings can be turned to advantage where modern statutes prove inadequate .
Indeed for journalists the common law of access to records was probably never as deficient in actual practice as it is usually depicted .
This article will look at the common law of access to public records , its development and applications .
( 2)
How the common law got a bad name
The publication of The People 's Right to Know ( 3 ) in 1953 was a watershed .
Its author , Harold L. Cross , planted a seed that eventually inspired a tide of FOI acts .
(4) But at the same time , the book diverted attention away from the common law -- ironic , since it was one of the more careful studies of the common law and Cross , in fact , found much to compliment .
His complaints were directed not so much at the substantive law as they were at its unpredictability and unwieldy procedures .
Even where there was substantive criticism , some cases Cross relied on were atypical then or have since been disregarded if not explicitly overruled .
( 5 )
This is not to ignore the fact there is no one common law .
Each jurisdiction -- 52 in the United States if the District of Columbia is included -- adopts its own version .
Yet there is no gain saying that if the jurisdictions do n't move in lockstep , their overall movement during the latter half of this century , indeed throughout the century , has been one of ever increased liberalization of access .
But because of reliance on black - letter history and attention given modern access statutes , it 's been under - recognized and under-utilized .
( 6 )
The positives of the common law got lost in the excitement and enthusiasm to craft statutes that insure a legislated right to know .
(7) Because state and federal FOI law have attracted virtually all of the mainstream academic and professional attention for the past four decades , little has been done to survey the common law of access to non-judicial ( 8 ) government records .
As a result , inaccurate and dated views of the common law persist , even as the common law itself , by its very nature , grows with the times .
( 9 )
The English cases
A review of the early English cases that provided the foundation for law in this country shows that common law access cases can be pigeonholed into one of three models .
In the first , a person sought a document to advance the common welfare .
In the second , a demandant wanted information for a purely commercial purpose , usually resale .
Third , a requester asserted a personal need for the information that ranged from curiosity to necessity for litigation .
( 10 )
Only cases of this third type were reported with any frequency .
( 11 ) They produced this typical statement of the common law rule :
Every person is entitled to the inspection ... of public records ... provided he has an interest therein as would enable him to maintain or defend an action for which the document or record sought can furnish or necessary information .
( 12 )
If this was an accurate representation of the third model , it held little or no relevance to the other two .
Yet commentators and courts have often uncritically and inappropriately apply this same broad - brush rule to those areas .
( 13 )
Little support for this statement -- often called black - letter law since rules were printed in bold - face type in legal treatises -- can be found in those English cases where a public interest , as contrasted with personal interests , was asserted .
In Herbert v. Ashburner , ( 14 ) for example , a court held that citizens of a community had an absolute right to see the books .
Similarly , in Rex v. Guardians of Great Farrington ( 15 ) the court held a parishioner could not be denied access to the accounts of the parish .
In neither case was a citizen required to prove any special interest beyond the interest held by any citizen of the community .
( 16 )
To be sure , very few cases were reported .
Possibly few demandants sought to serve the public interest , or they were routinely permitted access , or they were denied access but could n't afford the time and treasure litigation demands .
But the decisions available suggest that English courts were n't nearly as hostile to allowing inspections for a public purpose as some later assessments of that period contend .
( 17 ) The common law devil was not in the right , but in the remedy .
Mandamus , an illusive remedy
Public interest litigants faced two formidable enforcement barriers unrelated to the right they sought to claim .
The first was standing .
( 18 ) Common law courts usually refused to allow an individual to sue on behalf of citizens who share a general grievance .
That 's what the attorney general is charged to do , represent citizens .
Only if a petitioner could show an injury distinct from that suffered by the at - large population would the courts permit a private suit .
The second barrier was the nature of the remedy .
Mandamus is the ancient writ , or court order , to compel a government official to perform a specific duty .
( 19 ) It is an equitable remedy , subject a catalog of ancient maxims .
Only ministerial acts , for example , may be compelled .
( 20 ) If the act requires the exercise of discretion -- a balancing of interests in access cases -- a mandamus would n't issue .
In short , the citizens of a community had an arguably clear right of access to records for a public purpose , but lacked an adequate remedy to enforce it .
Early American cases
As in England , most of the few reported cases in the United States concerned the demand of a private person seeking access for some private purpose .
A particularized or special interest was required in those cases .
A court balanced the specific need of the individual requester against the general need , if any , for confidentiality .
But where the public interest was asserted , the courts often by - passed any purported special interest requirement by drawing on an analogy alluded to in some English cases : the right of a stockholder in a corporation to inspect the company 's books .
An early treatise on municipal law states :
In this country the records , books and by - laws of a municipal corporation are of a public nature , and if such corporation should refuse to give inspection thereof to any person having an interest therein , or perhaps for any purpose , to any inhabitant of the corporation , whether he has any special or private interest , or not , a writ of mandamus will lie to command the corporation to allow such inspection , and copies are to be taken under reasonable precautions to secure the originals .
( 21 )
This logic provided almost everyone with a special interest , both as to the right , where it was not required , and to the remedy , where it was .
As municipalities during the 19th Century expanded into the utilities business , ( 22 ) initially water services , the analogy to private , shareholder - owned corporations became even more apt and grew to include other enterprises of the municipality and finally all records of the municipality .
( 23 ) In 1897 a Pennsylvania court was able to conclude that :
It may now be regarded as settled law in this country that every corporator or citizens of a municipality has the right , on all proper occasions , to inspect and copy its records , books and documents .
It is not confined to such a persons only as may have a special interest in the result of the examination . ( 24 )
That may have overstated it .
But evidently only one American case refused access solely on the basis that a public interest request required showing a special private interest , as opposed to that shared by all citizens , taxpayers or the like -- and it was overruled .
( 25 )
The shareholder rationale was elastic enough to reach the records of county and state governments : ( 26 )
The right
of inspection
rests , not only on the ground that the books are public books , but on the same principle that authorizes a taxpayer to enjoin the enforcement of illegal contracts entered into by the municipality , county , or state
emphasis added
, for the protection of the applicant and all other taxpayers from illegal burdens .
( 27 )
Citizens and taxpayers were in a very real sense shareholders .
Courts seemed especially willing to enforce the examination of financial records of a municipality .
( 28 )
By the turn of this century , many and probably most American courts had not only recognized a broad right of public interest access but provided a remedy without any special showing .
( 29 ) The Vermont Supreme Court , for example , distinguished between cases where " the extraordinary aid of a mandamus is involved merely
emphasis added
for the purpose of enforcing or protecting a private right .... "
The court rejected the view that any special interest was necessary to vindicate the right : "
I
t being sufficient to show that he is a citizen and as such is interested in the execution of the laws . "
( 30 )
Few newspaper cases were reported in the 19th Century ( 31 ) and newspaper demandants were frequently unsuccessful , not because of their generalized interest or the remedy , but because the information they sought was not considered a public record under the common law 's narrow definition .
( 32 ) After the turn of the century , however , newspaper requests multiplied and denials were fewer .
( 33 ) Courts might recite a narrow , restrictive rule , but they did n't apply it to the case at hand .
( 34 ) By 1953 a legal encyclopedia maintained that no special personal or pecuniary interest need be shown in inspecting state records " if his inspection is made in the interest of the public weal . " ( 35 )
Explaining this change is a leading case of the period , Nowack v. Fuller : ( 36 )
If there is any rule of English common law that denies the public the right of access to public records , it is repugnant to the spirit of our democratic institutions .
Ours is a government of the people .
Every citizen rules ...
Undoubtedly if would be a great surprise to the citizens of Michigan to learn that the law denied them access to their own books , for the purpose of seeing how their money was being expended and how their business is being conducted .
There was not such law and never was in either this country or in England ....
There is no question as to the common law right of the people at large to inspect public documents and records .
( 37 )
Even in a jurisdiction that purported to require a special interest to afford a remedy , it was usually token .
Some , for example , took the view that the only special interest necessary for access was good faith .
( 38 ) ( When the interest was commercial ( 39 ) or personal , ( 40 ) a substantive special interest was still required . )
At mid-century Cross was able to state :
A person may inspect public records in which he has an interest or make copies or memoranda thereof when necessity for inspection is shown and the purpose does not seem improper , and where disclosure would not be detrimental to the public interest .
( 41 )
As to what might be detrimental to the public interest , the Rhode Island Supreme Court , in a frequently cited opinion said :
N
o one has a right to examine ... public records from mere curiosity , or for the purpose of creating public scandal .
To publish broadcast
sic
the painful , and sometimes disgusting , details of a divorce case , not only fails to serve any useful purpose in the community , but , on the other hand , directly tends to the demoralization and corruption thereof , by catering to a morbid craving for that which is sensational and impure . ( 42 )
But no media cases could be found in which access was denied solely because of that rule .
Modern common law
Generally
Right - to - know laws or other statutes do not usually repeal ( 43 ) or diminish ( 44 ) the common law .
It continues in full force .
Examining a common law request for a record clearly exempt under the federal FOIA , a federal court said :
We can find no inconsistency or conflict between the Freedom of Information Act and the common law rule .
Even if there were an inconsistency or conflict , the Act would have to be construed narrowly , favoring application of the common law , because the Freedom of Information
Act is in derogation of the common law .
( 45 ) It retains its vitality as a distinct remedy . ( 46 )
When a statute operates in an area formerly governed by the common law , the existing law is changed " only if the statute overturns the common law in clear and unambiguous language , or if the statute is clearly inconsistent with the common law . " ( 47 ) Even then , statutes in derogation of the common law should be strictly construed while those enlarging the right should be construed liberally in favor of inspection .
( 48 )
Since the legislative intent underlying right - to - know statutes is to expand the common - law right , every conflict should be resolved in favor of access . ( 49 ) Where a statute happens to be more restrictive than the common law -- and those instances are n't rare -- the common law should trump it .
The last gasp of the special interest requirement
In 1978 the United States Supreme Court observed that American courts recognize a general common law right to inspect and copy public records and documents .
Ample to support standing was a newspaper 's interest " ... to keep a watchful eye on the workings of public agencies . "
( 50 ) Lower federal courts had already dismissed the special interest requirement .
In Mitchell v. NBC , Inc. , ( 51 ) a United States District Court said :
The supposed requirement of English common law that one have a personal ' legitimate interest ' in judicial records ... was in fact simply a requirement of standing to sue to enforce the right in mandamus where access had been wrongfully denied . " ( 52 )
Common law jurisdictions abandoned the requirement .
In Vermont , for example , the comm on law was held to protect " the right in all citizens to inspect the public records made and preserved by their government when not detrimental to the public interest . "
( 53 ) West Virginia readily granted standing to a newspaper that claimed only to represent the interest of its readers who are citizens , taxpayers and voters .
( 54 ) After reciting the catalog of common law exceptions , the court declared :
It is indeed difficult to envision a greater interest in public records which reflect the handling of public funds than that of a citizen and taxpayer who own contribution to the public funds is directly involved .
His is a real interest .
( 55 ) If the special interest exists in any sense today , it is unrecognizable .
How common law can be used today
State and federal records statutes are and should remain the front - line legal weapons to dislodge records from reluctant officials .
But adding a common law request to a problematic statutory records demand costs nothing and can lay the groundwork for a successful challenge to withholding .
Several widespread , recurring problems under right - to - know statutes particularly lend themselves to common - law solutions .
Access to non-existent records
No FOI statute requires a record to be created or compiled .
In the 1986 New Jersey case of Loigman v. Kimmelman , ( 56 ) for example , access was sought to the records of a confidential investigation of the state Attorney General .
The official argued that the file was not one required by law to be maintained or kept on file and therefore was not a " public record " under the statute .
The demandant then asserted a common law right of access to the materials .
On appeal the court agreed they were not records for purposes of the legislation , but citing earlier decisions ( 57 ) held that " records prepared by
a
State agency are public records at common law even if they are not required by law and thus not public records within the Right to Know statute .... " ( 58 )
Similarly , in Daily Gazette Co. , v. Withrow , ( 59 ) a West Virginia newspaper sought access to a settlement agreement between a sheriff and a discharged deputy .
The sheriff had no documents relating to the settlement and said such records were not required by law .
The newspaper filed suit under the state freedom of information statute ( 60 ) and the common law .
The court agreed that the terms of the state statute did not obligate the sheriff to either create or maintain a record of the settlement agreement , but the common law did .
( 61 ) It reaffirmed the language of an earlier case :
Whenever a written record of the transactions of a public officer , in his office , is a convenient and appropriate mode of discharging the duties of his office , it is not only his right but his duty to keep that memorial , whether expressly required so to do or not ; and when kept it becomes a public document . ( 62 )
And a New Jersey trial court used a common law theory to order police to provide a newspaper with incident reports and statements of witnesses related to a police brutality complaint and suit .
( 63 ) The documents were not required to be maintained under the state Administrative Code and thus were n't subject to the records act .
But the court ordered disclosure since the common law definition of record was broader than the statutory one . ( 64 )
These cases provide powerful ammunition to the position that that an official must create a specific record if it is one that " constitutes a convenient , appropriate or customary method of discharging the duties of the office . " ( 65 )
Records of those who exclude themselves Right - to - know laws often exempt certain agencies or entire branches of government from their reach . ( 66 ) State legislatures often ease if not eliminate the requirements their state FOI act imposes on them .
( 67 ) Congress excused itself from the federal FOIA .
( 68 ) In Schwartz v. Dept. of Justice , ( 69 ) however , a federal District Court noted that all three branches of government are subject to the common law right of access .
It held that the records of Peter A. Rodino Jr. , then chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , were subject to common law access rights even though they were exempt under the federal FOIA .
Balancing the interests and redaction
All access statutes exempt certain categories of records from required disclosure .
They allow withholding but do n't require it .
The custodian , the statute implies , should balance the public interest in disclosure against the competing interest , such as personal privacy .
( 70 ) In practice , precious little balancing actually occurs and the custodians often arbitrarily withhold a document if it arguably falls into an exempt category .
A demand based on the common - law , with its lengthy tradition of case - by - case balancing , can force a custodian to engage in principled balancing .
( 71 ) In Depart. of Defense v. Federal Labor Relations Authority , ( 72 ) the U.S. Supreme Court held that the only purpose to be balanced against an asserted need for confidentiality was the extent to which disclosure would serve the " core purpose " of the FOIA .
That purpose was characterized as opening agency action to the light of public scrutiny or advancing public understanding of the operations of government .
The request , for home addresses of employees , did n't appear to serve either of those general interests .
The court said the specific purpose of the requestor could not be considered .
Thus , the request was denied .
Under the common law , it seems clear a court could put both the general public interest and the specific purpose to be served by the request in the balance .
By the same token , the common law can force the excision or deletion of protected material and release of the remainder , ( 73 ) something the statutes achieve with difficulty . ( 74 )
Copies : 10,000 printouts or one computer tape
Initially the right to copy records did n't raise issues .
( 75 ) When inspection was allowed so was copying .
( 76 ) Copying methods were limited .
One of the first modern cases was State ex rel Gibson v. Peller .
( 77 ) Taxpayers there claimed a right under the state Records Act ( 78 ) to photograph certain school records .
The school board argued that the plaintiffs had the right only to inspect them with " the naked eye ... and copy them by hand ... . " ( 79 ) The court held :
This argument cannot be sustained by logic or common knowledge .
Modern photography is accurate , harmless , noiseless and saves time ...
Neither defendants nor the public can be harmed by the reproduction of the records exactly as they exist .
The fact that modern methods of copying are devised should not lessen the basic right given under the common law
emphasis added
. ( 80 )
Today controversy centers on data in electronic format .
( 81 ) When a record is available in both paper form and computers tapes or disks , statutes can be ambiguous as to which one should be provided . ( 82 ) For some demandants , one form instead of the other can in effect make access meaningless .
A common law request can impose a rule of reason .
In Brownstone Publishers v. Department of Buildings , ( 83 ) for example , a publishing company sought to require the city department of buildings to provide records on computer tapes , rather than hard copy .
The computer printout would have taken six weeks to print , produced one million pages , demanded considerable employee monitoring ( if only to replenish paper ) and cost at least $ 10,000 .
Reconverting the data into useful digital form would cost the plaintiff hundreds of thousands of dollars .
A copy of the tape itself would require only several hours and cost less than $ 500 .
The statute did n't address the problem squarely and the court paid only lip - service to the language of the law .
Rather , it applied a common law rule of reason to order the tape copied .
To do otherwise would n't provide " reasonable access . " ( 84 )
Similarly , in ordering a county clerk to allow a computer tape to be copied , the Supreme Court of New Mexico nodded perfunctorily to its statute , surveyed decisions in other jurisdictions and concluded in a common law vein :
We are unable to understand why the right to inspect public records should not carry with it the benefits arising from improved methods and techniques of recording and utilizing the information contained in these records , so long as the proper safeguards are exercised ... .
We fail to understand how it can be said that the inspection and copying of information contained on a printed and written affidavit of registration , which is a public record , is proper , but the inspection and copying of this identical information from the " working master record " tape , which is also a public record , constitutes an invasion of privacy .
( 85 )
Summary
The shortcomings of the common law are considerable .
The law is murky , courtroom procedures complex and the burden of proof on the demandant .
One looks to the case law , not statutes , for answers .
Elaborate balancing adds costs and uncertainty .
Where some right - to - know statutes make a pro se or self - represented suit feasible ( 86 ) , an attorney is essential in a common law suit .
Yet it is this very reliance on balancing case law and simple reason that makes the common law such an appealing supplementary legal tool in the quest for important , difficult information that statutes wo n't give up .
Given its rich and varied texture , there 's no best way to use it .
Common law precedents of the forum should be examined of course .
But relevant law is hardly limited to one jurisdiction .
Unlike the rules of statutory interpretation , ( 87 ) the common law is a willing borrower of whatever law , logic and experience ( 88 ) it finds useful or persuasive .
" This common law right is not some arcane relic of ancient English law .
To the contrary , the right is fundamental to a democratic state . " ( 89 )
Notes
1. Perhaps the first statutory right of access to public records in this country was that of Wisconsin in 1849 .
L. Amico , State Open Records Laws : An Update 2 , Columbia , Mo. : Freedom of Information Center , 1976 , quoted in , Comment , Public Inspection of State and Municipal Executive Documents , 45 Fordham L. Rev. 1105 , n3 ( 1976 ) .
Half of the states adopted records access laws after passage of the Federal Freedom of Information Act , U.S. Code .
Vol. 5 , Sec 552 as amended .
( 1966 ) .
They are listed in 45 Fordham L. Rev. 1105 , n5 .
2. Judicial documents relating to the substance of cases -- e.g. , depositions , subpoenas , evidentiary documents -- are beyond the scope of this article .
Nor is the issue of what constitutes a public record examined .
Finally , the statutes referred to are broad " freedom of information " or " right to know " statutes , as opposed to specific laws granting access to , for example , deeds .
Access claims based on the first amendment or comparable state constitutional provisions are not explored .
For a constitutional approach , see Society of Professional Journalists , Headliners Chapter .
v. Briggs , 675 F.Supp 1308 ( D. Utah , C.D. , 1987 ) .
The common law and constitutional arguments , however , are similar .
3. New York : Columbia University Press , 1953 ( hereinafter cited as Cross ) .
See also , Note , Open Meeting Statutes : The Press Fights for the " Right to Know , 75 Harv. L. Rev 1199 , 1200 -01 ( 1962 )
( " The people must be able to ' go beyond and behind ' the decision reached and be apprised of the ' pros and cons ' involved if they are to make sound judgments on questions of policy and to elect their representatives intelligently . " )
4 . The seed Cross planted helped result in enactment of the federal Freedom of Information
Act a decade later and a wave of state laws that culminated in 1990 of Mississippi 's becoming the last state to adopt one .
Miss .
Code Ann. Sec 25 - 61 -6 ( Supp. 1993 ) .
Prior to 1940 only 12 states had public records acts and most were only one or two sentences in length .
Comment , Public Inspection of State and Municipal Executive Documents , 45 Fordham L. Rev. 1105 , n3 ( 1976 ) .
5. E.g. , City of St. Matthews v. Voice of St. Matthews , Inc. , 519 S.W.2d 811 ( Ky 1974 ) overruled Fayette County v. Martin , 279 Ky. 387 , 130 S.W.2d 838 ( 1939 ) cited by Cross at 257 , 259 , 260 , 261 , 262 , 264 and 269 .
6 . For a contemporary account , see 45 Fordham L Rev 1105 ( 1977 ) .
7 . This is a frequently studied and litigated area .
8. Referring to the famous complaint of Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. : " It is revolting to have no better reasons for a rule of law than that it was so laid down at thin the time of Henry IV .
It is still more revolting if the grounds upon which it was laid down have vanished long since , and the rule simply persists from blind imitation of the past . "
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. , Collected Legal Papers , Boston : A. Harcourt 1920 , p. 187 .
In directed release of municipal utility records , a Florida court emphasized the organic nature of the common law :
The rules of the common law will be applied to those cases which come within their reason and equity , even when such cases seem to be outside the strict letter of such rules as they are ordinarily states .
The terminology employed in the enunciation of the principles of the common law had its rise in conditions existing at the time of such enunciation .
As new situations are discovered , strict terminology will be related , and it will be determined , accordingly , that such situations either do or do not come within the rules , as their true spirit and equity may direct and require .
Florida ex rel .
Cummer v. Pace , 164 So. 723 ( Fla. 1935 ) .
9. E.g. , Egan v. Board of Water Supply , 205 N.Y. 147 , 98 N.E. 467 ( 1912 ) .
10 . Modern discovery makes this kind of common - law access demands redundant in litigation .
For the historical development see generally , Fleming James Jr. , Civil Procedure .
Boston : Little , Brown and Co. 1965 , pp. 179-201 .
Early access decisions often turned on an analysis closely kindred to that of modern discovery law .
11 . 66 Am.Jur.2d Records and Recording Law Secs 15 ( 1966 ) .
Frequently it was said that there is no right to inspect for curiosity , morbid interest , to further any improper or useless purpose or create scandal .
12 . For an extended discussion of the English rule and cases .
see Nowack v. Fuller , 243 Mich . 200 , 219 N.W : 749 ( 1928 ) , 60 ALR 1356 .
See also , State ex rel .
Wellford v. Williams , 41 N.J. 332 , 32 Am. Rep. 219 ( 1879 ) .
13 . Loigman v. Kimmelman , 102 N.J. 98 , 505 A.2d 958 ( 1986 ) .
See , also Casey v. MacPhail , 2 N.J.Super .
619 , 65 A.2d 657 ( Law Div. 1949 ) ( Former Justice William Brennan , then a Superior Court judge , affirmed a citizen 's common law right of access . )
See also , Cross. , op . cit. , at 26 .
14 . 1 Wilson 297 , cited in State v. Williams .
110 Tenn. 549 , 75 S.W. 948 , 954 ( 1903 ) .
15 . 9 B & C 541 , 109 Eng. Reprint 202 ( 1829 ) .
16 . See also , Rex v. Lucas , 10 East .
235 , 103 Eng. Reprint 765 ( 1808 ) ( resident entitled to inspect and copy court rolls without showing of a special interest ) .
But see , Rex v. Allgood 7 T.R. 746 , 101 Eng Reprint 1232 ( 1798 ) which denied a citizen who had no case pending access to court roles .
17 . Indiana state press association attorney criticized the state anti-secrecy act as " narrower that the common law of England . "
United Press International , Feb. 19 , 1983 .
18 . For a general discussion , see Valley Forge Christian College v. American United for Separation of Church and State , 454 U.S. 464 ( 1982 ) .
19 . Annotation , Inspection of Public Records .
Mandamus 60 ALR 1356 .
20 .
Nor will one issue when the petitioner has another adequate remedy .
Powell v. Smith , 152 Va. 209 , 146 S.E. 196 ( 1929 )
When a private purpose or interest is asserted , granting the writ would affect right of people not before the court .
Clay v. Ballard 13 SE 262 , 263 ( Va 1891 ) .
The key problem what that the common law right was not absolute " certain , complete and substantial . "
See generally 60 ALR 1358 .
21 . Dillon on Municipal Corporations Sec 848 , cited with approval in , State v. Williams , 110 Tenn 549 , 78 S.W. 948 , 949 ( 1903 ) .
22 . Mushet v. Dept. of Pub . Service , 35 Cal.App. 630 , 170 P. 653 ( 1917 ) .
23 .
The case is annotated in 102 ALR 756 ( 1936 ) .
24 . Commonwealth ex rel .
Biddle v. Walton , 6 Pa. Dist. R. 287 ( 1897 ) .
See also , Burton v. Tuite , 78 Mich. 363 , 44 N.W. 282 ( 1889 ) .
25 . Courier Journal & Louisville Times Co. v. Curtis , 335 S.W.2d 934 ( 1960 ) , overruled , City of St. Matthews v. Voice of St. Matthews , Inc. , 519 S.W.2d 811 ( Ky 1974 ) .
( Strictly speaking cases turned on standing to challenge , not access ) .
Even in Curtis , the court had held that the newspaper was presumed to have the requisite interest in limited circumstances .
In St. Matthews , the court rejected a rule that " originated under a monarchic form of governments ...
and held
" a purpose which tends to advance or further a wholesome public interest ... " was sufficient .
519 S.W.2d 811 , 815 .
26 . See , Palacios v. Corbett , 172 S.W. 777 ( Tex. Civ. App 1915 ) ( citizen taxpayers had sufficient pubic and personal interests in country financial records to compel inspection ) but see , Hall v. Staunton , 55 W.Va.
684 , 47 S.E. 265 ( 1904 ) ( petitioner request for access to documents relating to special election unjustified . )
See generally , 60 ALR 1356 .
27 . State ex rel .
Ferry v. Williams , 431 N.J.L. 332 , 32 Am Rep. 219 ( 1879 ) at 958-59 :
And it is obvious that , in making and enforcing such application , the taxpayer acts in a very real sense , not only for himself , but for all other taxpayers , and acts , therefore , in the capacity , as if he were , of a trustee for all .
It must be admitted also , that the exercise of such powers , if prudently and carefully guarded , cannot be otherwise than salutary , because the knowledge that it can be exercised by a citizen and taxpayer , and may be exercised when the public good shall seem , on sound reasons , to demand it .
cannot result otherwise than in producing an added sense of responsibility in those who administer the affairs of municipal corporation , and in inducing a greater carefullness in the discharge of the trusts imposed on them by their fellow citizens under the sanction of law .
28 . State ex rel .
Wellford v. Williams , 110 Tenn. 549 , 78 S.W. 948 ( 1903 ) .
29 . E.g. , State ex rel Colscott v. King , 154 Ind. 621 , 57 N.E. 535 ( 1900 ) , Fagan v. State Bd. of Assessors , 80 N.J.L. 516 , 77 A. 1023 ( 1910 ) ; State ex rel Clement v. Graham , 78 Vt. 290 , 63 A. 1246 ( 1906 ) .
30 . Clement v. Graham , 78 Vt. 290 , 63 A. 146 ( 1906 ) .
See also , State ex rel .
Ferry v. Williams , 431 N.J.L. 332 , 32 Am Rep. 219 ( 1879 ) ( adopting rule that every person is entitled to inspect public records , provided he show the requisite interest .
As taxpayer and inhabitant , he has such an interest .
Not essential that the interest be private to secure a writ of mandamus . )
31 . It is difficult to distill from the relatively few judicial decisions a comprehensive definition of what is referred to as the common - law right of access or to identify all the factors to be weighed in determining whether access to appropriate .
The few cases that have recognized such a right do agree that the decision as to assess is one best left to the sound discretion of the trial court , a discretion to be exercised in light of the relevant facts and circumstances of the particular case .
Nixon v. Warner Communications , Inc. , 435 U.S. 589 , 599 , ( 1978 ) .
32 . See Cross , op . cit. , at p. 29 and p. 321 ( Appendix 1 ) .
The appendix summarizes 31 decisions Cross relies on .
A recent common law case in which access was denied because the court held the documents were not public records is Washington Legal Foundation v. U.S. Sentencing Commission , 21 Media L. Rptr. 2110 ( D.D.C. 1993 ) .
33 . Cross , op .
cit. , at pp. 29 , 37 and 321 .
34 . Cross , op .
cit. , at p. 57 .
35 . 45 Am. Jur , Records and Recording Laws Sec 24 ( 1953 ) cited in State ex rel Charleston Mail Ass'n v. Kelly , 143 S.E.2d 136 , 140 ( 1965 ) .
36 . 243 Mich. 200 , 219 N.W. 749 ( 1928 ) .
37 Ibid .
38 . " Their motives are good ... and
they
are seeking information which may support demands for increased governmental efficient and affirmative action for the elimination of any existing abuses . "
Taxpayers Ass'n of Cape May v. City of Cape May , 2 N.J. Super 27 , 64 A.2d 453 ( 1949 ) .
40 . Shelby County v. Memphis Abstract Co. , 140 Tenn. 74 , 203 S.W. 339 ( 1918 ) .
41 . Beckon v. Emery , 36 Wis.2d 510 , 153 N.W.2d 501 ( 1967 ) ( police chief 's assertion that release would be " contrary to the public interest " insufficient justification to deny mandamus ) .
See generally , 66 Am.Jur2d Sec 15 ( 1966 ) .
42 . Cross , op .
cit. , at 29 , citing State ex rel .
Research Institute v. Nix , 195 Okla 176 , 155 P.2d 983 ( 1944 ) .
43 . Re Caswell , 18 R.I. 835 , 29 A. 259 ( 1893 ) .
The court went on to say in less frequently quoted dictum that " The judicial records of the state should always be accessible to the people for all proper purposes .. , but they should not be used to gratify private spite or promote public scandal . "
44 . People ex rel .
Gibson v. Peller , 34 Ill. App. 2d 372 , 181 N.E.2d 376 ( 1962 ) .
But see Mooney v. Board of Trustees of Temple Univ. , 448 Pa. 424 , 429 n10 , 292 A.2d 395 , 399 n10 ( 1972 ) .
45 . Wiley v. Woods , 393 Pa. 341 , 349-50 , 141 A.2d 844 , 848-49 , 1958 ) .
46 . Schwartz v. Dept. of Justice , 435 F. Supp. 1203 ( D.C. 1977 ) , aff'd , 595 F.2d 888 ( D.C. Cir. 1979 ) .
47 . " Common law and statutory rights are not mutually exclusive .
The two complement each other , together embodying the State 's strong commitment to access to public record . "
South Jersey Publishing Co. , v. New Jersey Expressway Authority , 124 N.J. 478 , 591 A.2d 921 , 927 ( 1991 ) ( " memorandum of understanding " containing conditions of termination of state employee that was agreed to in executive session , was not accessible under the state public records law but was available as a " public record " under the common law ) .
48 . Caledonian Record Pub . Co. v. Walton , 573 A.2d 296 ( Vt. 1990 ) , quoting State v. Francis , 151 Vt. 296 , 561 A.2d 392 ( 1989 ) .
( holding arrest records were accessible under the common law as well as under access statute ) .
For another case allowing common law access to arrest records , see Newspaper , Inc. v. Breier , 89 Wis.2d 417 , 279 N.W.2d 179 ( 1979 ) .
49 . Clay v. Ballard , 87 Va. 787 , 13 S.E. 262 ( 1891 ) .
50 .
No modern cases could be found in which a statute was given precedence over a more liberal common law approach .
51 . Nixon v. Warner Communications , Inc. , 435 U.S. 589 , 598 , ( 1978 ) .
52 . 386 F.Supp. 639 ( 1979 ) .
53 . 386 F.Supp. 639 n2 .
In upholding that decision the U.S. Court of Appeals used even more sweeping language : [ T ]he American courts tended to view any limitation as " repugnant to the spirit of our democratic citizens " and therefore granted all taxpayers and citizens access to public records . "
U.S. v. Mitchell , 179 U.S. App. D.C. 293 , 551 F.2d 1252 ( 1976 ) on remand , U.S. v. Mitchell , 425 F.Supp.
917( D.D.C. 1976 and rev'd on other grounds , Nixon v. Warner Communications , U.S. 589 ( 1978 ) .
54 . Matte v. City of Winooski , 129 Vt. 61 , 271 A.2d 830 ( 1970 ) .
55 . State ex rel .
Charleston Daily Mail Assn ' v. Kelly , 143 S.E.2d 136 ( W.Va. 1965 ) .
56 . " The right to inspect a public record does not attach to all persons or to every situation .
He who asserts that right must have some interest in the record of which he seeks inspection , and the inspection must be for a legitimate purpose .
There is no right of inspection of a public record when the inspection is sought to satisfy a person 's mere whim or fancy , to engage in a pastime , to create scandal , to degrade another , to injure public morals , or to further any improper of useless end or purpose . "
Ibid. citing State v. Harrison , 130 W.Va. 246 , 43 S.E.2d 214 ( 1947 ) .
57 . 102 N.J. 98 , 505 A.2d 505 ( 1986 ) .
58 . Nero v. Hyland , 76 N.J. 213 , 386 A.2d 846 ( 1978 ) ; Irval Realty Inc. v. Board of Pub. Util. Comm'rs , 61 N.J. 366 , 294 A.2d 425 ( 1972 ) .
59 . Loigman at 961 .
See also , Red Bank Register v. Bd. of Education , 206 N.J. Super. 1,501 A.2d 985 ( 1985 ) ( consultant 's curriculum report not record but under the statutory definition , but accessible under the common law definition ) .
60 . 177 W.Va. 110 , 350 S.E.2d 738 ( 1986 ) .
See also , Miami Herald Publishing Co. , v. Collazo , 329 So.2d 333 , ( Fla. Dist. Cit. App. ) , cert .
denied , 342 So.2d 1100 ( Fla. 1976 ) .
61 . W.Va . Code 29B - 1 - 5 ( 1977 ) .
62 Ibid. at 138
63 . State ex rel .
Charleston Mail Ass'n v. Kelly , 149 W.Va.
766 , 769 143 S.E.2d 136 , 139 ( 1965 ) .
See also , State ex rel .
Beckley Newspapers Corp. v. Hunter , 127 W.Va. 738 , 34 S.E.2d 468 and Daily Gazette Co. , Inc. v. Withrow , 350 S.E.2d 738 ( W.Va. 1986 ) .
64 . Asbury Park Press , Inc. v. Seaside Heights , L-5559-90 - PW
( NJ 1990 ) , reported in New Jersey Law Journal , March 7 , 1991 , p. 37 .
65 . A record is
... one required by law to be kept , or necessary to be kept in the discharge of a duty imposed by law , or directed by law to serve as a memorial and evidence of something written , said , or done , or a written memorial made by a public officer authorized to perform that function , or a writing filed in a public office .
The elements essential to constitute a public record are ... that it be a written memorial , that it be made by a public officer , and that the public officer be authorized by law to make it .
Jsoefowicz v. Porter , 32 N.J. Super. 585 , 581 ( App. Div. 1954 ) .
66 . International Union v. Gooding , 251 Wis. 362 , 371 , 29 N.W.2d 730 , 735 ( 1947 ) .
Other , somewhat more restrictive definitions limited documents to those required or directed by law .
E.g. , Amos v. Gunn , 84 Fla. 285 , 94 So. 615 ( 1922 ) .
67 . E.g. , Cal. Gov't Code Secs 6252 ( a ) ( West 1992 ) ( exempts legislature from California Public Records Act ) .
68 . E.g. , Code of Va. 1950 , Sec 2.1 -341 ( Michie 1993 )
69 . 5 U.S.C. Sec 551 ( 1 ) ( A ) .
70 . 435 F.Supp. 1203 ( D.C. 1977 ) , affd 595 F.2d 888 ( D.C. Cir. 1979 ) ( " We hold that Congress is subject to the common law rule which guarantees the public a right to inspect and copy public records . " )
71 . Some records laws mandate secrecy .
It is to these statutes the general law refers with the provision " unless otherwise by law . "
72 . Red Bank Register v. Board of Education , 206 N.J. Super 1 , 501 A.2d 985 ( 1985 ) .
( Trial court directed to balance the interest in discovering mismanagement of funds against discouragement of curriculum innovation in deciding whether to order release of consultant 's report ) .
73 . 114 S.Ct. 1006 ( 1994 ) .
74 . Loigman v. Kimmelman , 102 N.J. 98 , 505 A.2d 958 , 966 ( 1985 ) .
75 . States that approach this problem at all do cautiously .
E.g. , Va. Code Ann. Sec 2.1-342 ( 4 ) ( Michie 1992 ) requires
" Any reasonably segregatable portion of an official record [ to ] be provided to any person requesting the records after deletion of the exempt portion . "
76 . Jay Hamburg , As Paper Vanishes , Rights Are Endangered ; Technology 's Price : Charging Citizens to Inspect Public Records .
Orlando Sentinel Tribune , April 18 , 1993 .
77 . " At common law the right to inspect public documents is well understood .
The authorities on the subject are very numerous , and they uniformly hold that such a right includes the right , when necessary to the attainment of justice , to take copies .
We have been referred to no case , and are aware of none , in which this has ever been denied . "
Clay v. Ballard , 13 S.E. 262 , 263-64 ( Va. 1891 ) ( citing several English decisions and treatises ) .
For more modern treatments of the issue , see Ortiz v. Jaramillo , 82 N.M. 445 , 483 P.2d 500 ( 1971 ) ( requiring records clerk to allow copying of computer tape ) .
78 . 34 Ill .
App.2d 372 , 181 N.E.2d 376 ( 1962 ) .
79 . State Records Act Sec 43.7 , ch 116 Ill. Rev. Stat. 1959 .
80 . Ibid. at 377 .
81 . Ibid .
See also , In re NBC U.S. v. Myers , 635 F.2d 945 , 950 ( 1980 )
( The common law right to inspect and copy public document originally permitted copying the content of written documents .
With the advent of modern means of document reproduction , such as photography and xerography , the right was applied to copying the physical embodiment of the document . )
But see , Matte v. City of Winooski , 271 A.2d 830 ( Vt. 1970 ) .
( State Supreme Court custodian 's refusal to allow photo - copying of record on the basis it might be disruptive ) .
82 . " State Freedom of Information Requests : The Right to Receive Information in a Particular Medium or Format , " 86 ALR4th 786 .
83 . American Federation of State , County & Mun. Employees ( AFSCME ) AFL - CIO v. County of Cook , 144 Ill.
Dec. 242 , 136 Ill.2d 334 , 555 N.E.2d 361 ( 1990 ) .
84 . 146 Misc2d 376 , 550 N.Y.S. 2d 564 ( N.Y. County 1990 ) .
85 . But see , Dismukes v. Dept. of the Interior , 603 F.Supp 760 ( D.D.C. 1984 ) ( microfiche rather than computer tapes held to provide reasonable access , although a tape might be more convenient ) .
86 . Ortiz v. Jaramillo , 483 P.2d at 446-7 , 502-3 .
87 . Virginia allows freedom of information suits to be filed in its General District Court , a usually informal court not of record .
Va. Code . Ann. Sec 16.1 - 77 ( Michie 1993 ) .
Appeals may be made , however , to the Circuit Court where an attorney will almost certainly be necessary .
88 . Reed Dickerson , The Interpretation and Application of Statutes .
Boston : Little , Brown and Co. , 1975 .
89 .
" The life of law has not been logic ; it has been experience .
The felt necessities of the time , the prevalent moral and political theories , intuitions of public policy , avowed or unconscious , even the prejudices which judges share with their fellow - men , have had a good deal more to do than syllogism in determining the rules by which men should be governed . "
Oliver Wendall Holmes Jr. , The Common Law .
Boston : Little , Brown and Co. , 1881 , pp 1 - 2 .
90 .
In re NBC , 551 F.2d 1252 ( D.C. 1976 ) .
Hughes is associate professor in the School of Mass Communications at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond .
Copyright Ohio University Spring 1995
All Rights Reserved
Only fair use , as provided by the United States copyright law , is permitted .
Contact Ohio University to purchase rights for commercial reproduction .
Ron Carmel is one - half of the indie game phenomenon 2D Boy , the company that developed the refreshing World of Goo .
Its runaway success has propelled the former EA developer into game stardom , and at this year 's SxSWi , I grabbed him to get a few tips for hopefuls .
For Immediate Release
ALBANY , N.Y. —
The New York State Board of Elections voted Wednesday to remove Libertarian congressional candidate Eric Sundwall from the ballot in the March 31 special election to fill the vacant 20th congressional district seat , citing a technicality that voided many of Sundwall ’s ballot access petition signatures .
The Sundwall campaign will not pursue legal efforts to remain on the ballot .
Campaign manager Richard Cooper issued the following statement :
“ Instead of campaigning , we have been forced to have Eric Sundwall spend time and money in court .
We will not continue legal efforts to remain on the ballot .
We are dismayed that the people of the 20th Congressional District will not have the opportunity to vote for Eric Sundwall due to a technicality that hinges on what town or city the voter or witness lives in as opposed to their community of residence . ”
According to the Albany Times Union , the petitions were not technically correct because many voters listed their mailing address instead of their town , for example .
Sundwall needed 3,500 valid signatures to gain a spot on the ballot next Tuesday .
The Times Union reports he collected 6,730 , but the ruling today leaves him short by 556 .
Douglas Kellner , co-chairman of the Board of Elections , told the Poughkeepsie Journal the issue was purely a legal matter .
‘ I think some of us actually agree with you that it ’s not fair … when legitimate voters are knocked out because of legal technicalities , ’ he said .
Board member Evelyn Aquila said it is time to change the laws .
“ I ’ve always felt if you receive mail at the address ( used on the petition ) it should be good enough for us , ” Aquila told the Times Union .
“ I will vote the way I ’m supposed to , but it is time to correct this . ”
Military personnel registered to vote in the district have already received ballots with Sundwall ’s name .
Their votes for Sundwall will be voided and they will not be allowed to vote again .
JOHANNESBURG ( Reuters ) - A South African peace conference of Nobel laureates has been postponed after the government ’s decision to deny a visa to Tibet ’s spiritual leader the Dalai Lama , organizers said on Tuesday .
Several Nobel peace prize winners had threatened to boycott the event over the visa ban , but the government said it was standing by its decision .
Local media said the visa was refused after pressure from China , a big investor and trade partner .
The conference , due to take place on March 27 , was organized by soccer authorities in South Africa , the host of the 2010 World Cup , and was expected to use soccer as a way of fighting xenophobia and racism ahead of the tournament .
“ We have decided to postpone the peace conference until further notice , ” said Irvin Khoza , South Africa 2010 Organizing Committee chairman .
He said it would be postponed until all those invited could attend .
Government spokesman Thabo Masebe had said the Dalai Lama ’s presence was not in South Africa ’s best interest at the moment .
“ We stand by our decision .
Nothing is going to change .
The Dalai Lama will not be invited to South Africa .
We will not give him a visa between now and the World Cup , ” he said .
The decision to refuse the Dalai Lama a visa has come under severe criticism from opposition parties in a country which has prided itself as a model of democracy and human rights since the end of apartheid in 1994 .
The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 and set up a Tibetan government - in - exile in India after a failed uprising against Chinese rule .
Rioting broke out last March in Tibet ’s main city of Lhasa after several days of peaceful protests by monks against Beijing ’s rule , killing 19 people and sparking a wave of violence across Tibetan areas .
Exile groups say more than 200 people died in the crackdown .
The Dalai Lama was invited to participate in the conference by fellow Nobel laureates Archbishop Desmond Tutu , FW de Klerk and Nelson Mandela .
Detroit
RECENTLY , at a dinner party , a friend mentioned that he ’d never seen so many outsiders moving into town .
This struck me as a highly suspect statement .
After all , we were talking about Detroit , home of corrupt former mayor Kwame Kilpatrick , beleaguered General Motors and the 0 - 16 Lions .
Compared with other cities ’ buzzing , glittering skylines , ours sits largely abandoned , like some hulking beehive devastated by colony collapse .
Who on earth would move here ?
Then again , I myself had moved to Detroit , from Brooklyn .
For $ 100,000 , I bought a town house that sits downtown in the largest and arguably the most beautiful Mies van der Rohe development ever built , an island of perfect modernism forgotten by the rest of the world .
Two other guests that night , a couple in from Chicago , had also just invested in some Detroit real estate .
That weekend Jon and Sara Brumit bought a house for $ 100 .
Ah , the mythical $ 100 home .
We hear about these low - priced “ opportunities ” in down - on - their - luck cities like Detroit , Baltimore and Cleveland , but we never meet anyone who has taken the plunge .
Understandable really , for if they were actually worth anything then they would cost real money , right ?
Who would do such a preposterous thing ?
Stewart 's retort wo n't be the final words on the subject : Cramer has agreed to go on " The Daily Show " Thursday to confront his rival in person .
It was the latest thrust in what has become a full - blown media feud between the comedian and the stock analyst , spawned by the ongoing economic crisis .
Earlier Tuesday , Cramer accused Stewart of cherry - picking stock calls he made during a bull market to wrongly suggest that he misled the public about the health of the economy .
Stewart jabbed back on his show , dubbing their war of words " Cramer vs. Not Cramer : Basic Cable Personality Clash Skirmish ' 09 ! "
" You make me sound like I 'm some kind of buffoon , just flapping my arms with crazy buttons and wacky sound effects , " the host of " The Daily Show " said Tuesday night .
He then cut to a clip of Cramer on his CNBC show " Mad Money , " punching buttons that make wacky sound effects .
The CNBC pundit and ' The Daily Show ' host are engaging in full - blown media war .
The sardonic comedian and kinetic former hedge fund manager may make for an odd match - up .
But the tussle between the two television personalities reflects a larger debate raging about whether the media did an adequate job covering the lead - up to the recession .
CNBC , the most prominent business news network , has come in for a large share of criticism that the media failed to alert the public to Wall Street 's precarious footing .
One of the most outspoken critics has been Stewart , who savaged the cable channel last week with an eight - minute segment that strung together some of the most bullish remarks made by the network 's anchors and pundits in the last two years .
" If I 'd only followed CNBC 's advice , I 'd have a million dollars today -- provided I 'd started with a hundred million dollars , " Stewart quipped .
Cramer played a recurring role in Stewart 's mash - up .
" Bear Stearns is fine ! " he shouted in his trademark bellow in one clip , less than a week before the investment house went under .
" Bear Stearns is not in trouble . "
CNBC has remained mum about Stewart 's gibes .
( On Tuesday , a spokesman declined to comment on criticism of the network 's coverage . )
But Cramer , one of the channel 's best - known personalities , is fighting back .
In a column posted Monday on MainStreet.com , he complained that Stewart took his words out of context .
He was n't urging people to buy Bear Stearns stock , Cramer noted , but was simply reassuring viewers that money in Bear Stearns accounts was safe .
" The absurdity astounds me , " Cramer wrote of Stewart 's critique .
Stewart responded on Monday 's episode of " The Daily Show , " offering up a partial mea culpa .
" Jim Cramer , I apologize , " he said .
" You were n't suggesting to buy Bear Stearns .
" That was something that you did five days earlier , " he added gleefully , before airing yet another clip from March 2008 , in which Cramer roared , " I believe in the Bear franchise .
You know what ?
At 69 bucks , I 'm not giving up on the thing ! "
Cramer fired back Tuesday during successive appearances on MSNBC ’s “ Morning Joe ” and NBC ’s “ Today . ”
" Oh , oh , a comedian is attacking me ! " he said mockingly on " Today . "
" Did I make a mistake ? " Cramer added .
" First of all , any time you recommend a stock and it goes down , you 've made a mistake .
Here 's a shocker :
Almost every stock is down !
Any stock you recommended is bad .
You know , Warren Buffett , I could run tapes from him , he would look like a complete fool . "
The " Mad Money " host noted that Stewart has not spotlighted Cramer 's appearance on " Today " in October , when he caused a stir by saying people should sell and get out of the market .
" That was 35 % ago , " Cramer said .
" That was a call that should have wrecked my career .
And it would have , if the market had gone up .
But I stuck my neck out and did it and saved a lot of people money . "
The CNBC host largely found support for his position among his colleagues on " Morning Joe , " although co-host Mika Brzezinski pressed him about Stewart 's point .
" Look , Cramer , we all have been trying our best to cover the story , but did n't CNBC play a role in sort of being off ? " she asked .
" I 've made mistakes , " Cramer admitted , adding : " I 'm an easy target .
I 'm loud . "
-- Matea Gold
matea.gold@latimes.com
( Photo courtesy ComedyCentral.com )
People are finding innovative ways to travel in London Thousands of people have been unable to travel in London as snow disrupted the city 's transport network .
Only limited bus routes were running in central London and Tube lines , including the suspended Circle line , coped with the effects of the weather .
London Mayor Boris Johnson suspended the city 's congestion charge for the day and said authorities had done " pretty well " under the circumstances .
Both runways at Heathrow Airport were closed although one has since reopened .
London City Airport will remain closed for the rest of Monday and flights at Luton Airport will not resume until 2100 GMT .
This is the right kind of snow , it 's just the wrong kind of quantities
Mayor Boris Johnson
The snow caused a Cyprus Airways flight to slip off a taxiway at Heathrow , leaving its front wheel stuck in grass .
Passengers were unhurt in the incident which took place at about 0820 GMT , airport operator BAA said .
The operator added it was the last flight to land before the runways were closed .
British Airways cancelled all flights until 1700 GMT .
A trickle of mainly long - haul flights has since begun to depart Heathrow , but many more are delayed or cancelled .
Passengers are strongly advised to check the BAA website 's live departures board before setting out for the airport , a spokesman said .
Earlier , all bus services in the city were suspended .
A few were gradually reintroduced but most remain withdrawn owing to slippery road conditions .
London has seen the heaviest snowfall in 18 years , weather experts said , with an accumulation of 20 cm ( 8 in ) in some areas .
' Message to heaven '
Mr Johnson said : " I think we 've done pretty well in what are absolutely extraordinary circumstances .
" There 's no doubt about it , this is the right kind of snow , it 's just the wrong kind of quantities .
" My message to the heavens is : ' You 've put on a fantastic display of snow power but that is probably quite enough ' . "
Impact of the snowfall Most London buses suspended Circle line suspended Reduced service on Southern and First Great Western London City airport closed One runway at Heathrow closed Treacherous driving conditions
More than 260 schools closed Heathrow Express suspended Gatwick Express - 1 train an hour Stansted Express - 2 trains an hour By mid-morning , up to 10 cm ( 4in ) of snow had fallen in parts of Greater London , with 6 cm ( 2in ) of snow reported at Heathrow Airport .
The conditions led the Met Office to issue an extreme weather warning for London and the south east of England .
On the Underground , the Circle line is fully suspended , while Hammersmith & City trains are not continuing eastbound of Aldgate East station .
There are partial suspensions on the Central , Bakerloo , Jubilee , Piccadilly , Metropolitan and District lines .
There are minor delays on the Northern line and a good service reported on the Victoria and Waterloo & City lines .
Several Tube stations are also closed .
Services are severely disrupted on Southeastern Trains and there is only one Gatwick Express train an hour .
Southern and First Great Western are running reduced services .
The Heathrow Express trains are suspended and the Stansted Express trains are reduced to twice an hour .
Although Gatwick Airport was open , there were significant delays and cancellations .
Passengers were advised to check before leaving for the airport .
' Severe pressure '
On the roads , the southern section of the M25 has treacherous driving conditions between the M23 and the A3 .
The Highways Agency said there have been too many minor accidents on the roads " to put a number on " and recommended people should only take essential journeys .
Most Tube services were severely disrupted A London Ambulance Service spokesman said it received more than 650 calls between midnight and Monday morning and stressed that it would only respond to " life - threatening calls " as it was under " severe pressure " .
London NHS has advised patients who have outpatient appointments or are booked to undergo non-emergency surgeries to call their local hospitals before travelling .
Many elective procedures have been cancelled and out - patients clinics closed both Monday and into Tuesday .
More than 260 schools across London have been closed with the boroughs of Haringey and Camden in north London , Westminster in central London , Hounslow and Ealing in west London , Bromley and Lambeth in south London and Barking and Dagenham in the east being the worst affected .
Eurostar services from London are currently operating but are subject to possible delays .
Night - time temperatures across London could drop to - 3C as a blast of cold air sweeps in from the North Sea .
Are you prepared for the coming snow ?
Has the bad weather arrived with you already ?
Show us your snow by sending pictures in via the form below .
You can send pictures and video to : yourpics@bbc.co.uk or to send via MMS please dial +44 ( 0)7725 100 100 .
Do not endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Click here for terms and conditions on sending photos and video Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
They hoped for ten thousand but in the end more than three times that number turned out on London 's streets today for the biggest mass demonstration since the beginning of the economic crisis .
The Put People First march was organised by a " rainbow alliance " of 150 trade unions , church groups and charities including ActionAid , Save the Children and Friends of the Earth .
The theme was " jobs , justice and climate " and the message was aimed at the world leaders who will be gathering for the G20 summit here next week .
One of the organisers , the TUC general secretary , Brendan Barber , claimed there had never before been such a wide coalition brought together with a direct message for world leaders .
" The old ideas of unregulated free markets do not work , and have brought the world 's economy to near - collapse , failed to fight poverty and have done far too little to move to a low - carbon economy , " he said .
" Of course , the G20 will not solve everything in a day 's work , but leaders must sign up to boost the world economy and govern it better , and show us that they are trying to build a better world . "
The marchers , estimated at 35,000 by police , accompanied by brass bands and drummers and a colourful assortment of banners and flags , walked the four miles from Embankment to Hyde Park , where speeches from comedian Mark Thomas and environment campaigner Tony Juniper and music from the Kooks marked a party - like atmosphere despite chilly temperatures .
People had come from all over the country to protest ; organic farmer Jyoti Fernandes travelled from Somerset with her four children .
" We are here to remind people that we have to look after our land and look after our food , " she said .
A group about 200 anarchists joined the march but were kept isolated and surrounded by police throughout .
Chants of " burn the bankers ! " were the closest anyone came to any show of aggression .
A few buildings along the route of the protest , such as the Ritz Hotel , had their windows boarded over , but calm prevailed .
Thomas said he believed the protest marked " the start of a grassroots movement " .
" This is a moment , " he said .
" This is the first time people have had a chance to come out on to the streets in a big way . "
Kevin Stevens , 43 , who had ignored police warnings for City workers to keep a low profile , came dressed as banker in a pinstripe suit .
" I thought I might prove all the talk about attacking city workers is nonsense , " he said .
Chris Knight , the anthropology professor who was suspended from the University of East London this week for suggesting bankers might be lynched , was wandering the march alone .
" I just met a copper and I said to him : is this the revolution ?
He is said ' no , this is the dry run , the revolution starts on Wednesday .
Midweek is when we will really start to dance . "
Claire Melamed of ActionAid said the organisers were delighted with the turnout .
" We 're really pleased .
As a development organisation , we are hearing every day about people losing jobs and not being able to feed their children as this economic crisis depends .
We want the G20 to listen to us - this began as a financial crisis and its turning into a humanitarian one .
Let 's not forget the world 's poorest next week . "
Former Labour party national executive committee member , the TV presenter Tony Robinson , who was on the march and was scheduled to speak at the Hyde Park rally , told reporters : " Like 97 % of the people here , I 'm absolutely hacked off with what 's happened in my country and internationally . "
He said the march would have to mark the start of a more concerted movement to properly regulate financial institutions and invest in climate change solutions .
" This is just the beginning of the prelude of the prologue .
The forces of greed are very tenacious and just because we march up and down it wo n't make a difference on its own . "
Another protester , the general secretary of the Unite union , Derek Simpson , said : " This is about getting across the message that our members give to us about their concern over jobs and houses and the state of the economy .
I think it 's an important message but whether it will get through to the people meeting in London I do n't know .
Anyone who sees the numbers on this march should realise how important it is . "
Italian trade unionist Nicoli Nicolosi said he had travelled from Rome to take part in today 's protest .
" We are here to try and make a better world and protest against the G20 . "
Several thousand police officers were on duty to keep the peace .
Organisers had expressed concern that police were spreading stories that the demonstrations would be overtaken by violent anarchists .
Earlier in the day , Barber told the BBC Radio 4 Today programme he was committed to purely peaceful protest .
" If there are other groups who want to cause trouble , I do n't want to see them anywhere near our event .
I read about other events being planned by other groups over the next couple of days .
If people want to make their protest in other ways , not the peaceful ways that we are absolutely committed to , then they should go in other directions . "
Environmental campaigners are also involved in the protests .
The Climate Camp organisers , who had previously staked out Heathrow airport and Kingsnorth power station to protest against the rise in carbon emissions , plan to focus on financial institutions in the City this week .
Hundreds of campaigners are expected at the European Climate Exchange with bunting and baked goods .
Their aim is to raise parallels between the current economic crisis and the problems of climate change .
Other groups include the Stop The War Coalition and CND , who are organising a rally at the US embassy in London on Wednesday , as well as a protesting at the G20 summit the following day .
G20 Meltdown is a new organisation with the aim of organising a party , led by four horsemen of the apocalypse , at the Bank of England on Wednesday , which has been dubbed Fossil Fools Day by Rising Tide , a network of groups that wants to take local action against climate change .
Social networking sites have been used by many marchers to keep each other updated on the progress through the day .
On PPF's Twitter feed this morning , the organisers dished out the latest travel hold - ups for those heading to central London and wished their protesters luck .
" Try to get there a little early if you can , " it said .
" Hail has begun to fall , " said BenLaMothe later in the day as the weather worsened .
" World Revolution by June , " wrote ocicat_bengals optimistically .
FLINT , Michigan -- Look in any direction from Bianca Bates ' north Flint home , and you 'll see graffiti - covered siding , boarded - up windows and overgrown lots .
About half of the homes on her block are burned out or vacant magnets for drug dealers and squatters .
It is n't where she thought she 'd end up , but it 's all she can afford to rent .
" It 's a dangerous place to live , " said Bates , 21 , who lives on East Russell Avenue .
" Everywhere you look , these houses are empty around here . "
Property abandonment is getting so bad in Flint that some in government are talking about an extreme measure that was once unthinkable -- shutting down portions of the city , officially abandoning them and cutting off police and fire service .
Temporary Mayor Michael Brown made the off - the - cuff suggestion Friday in response to a question at a Rotary Club of Flint luncheon about the thousands of empty houses in Flint .
Brown said that as more people abandon homes , eating away at the city 's tax base and creating more blight , the city might need to examine " shutting down quadrants of the city where we ( would n't ) provide services . "
He did not define what that could mean -- bulldozing abandoned areas , simply leaving the vacant homes to rot or some other idea entirely .
On Monday , a city spokesman downplayed Brown 's comments .
Flint Journal extras
At issue
• City officials say they may consider shutting down city services in areas where no one lives , but no plans are on the table to so .
Bob Campbell , Brown 's spokesman , said the acting mayor was speaking hypothetically about a worst - case scenario , " not something that would be laid out in the next six months " while he 's in office .
But City Council President Jim Ananich said the idea has been on his radar for years .
The city is getting smaller and should downsize its services accordingly by asking people to leave sparsely populated areas , he said .
" It 's going to happen whether we like it or not , " he said .
" We 'd have to be creative about it , but it 's something worth looking into .
We 're not there yet , but it could definitely happen . "
Flint resident Derrick Young , 39 , does n't think people in his West Austin Avenue neighborhood would bow too easily to such a request .
" We ( are ) all family over here , " he said .
" We all stick together . "
Even in neighborhoods where more homes are vacant than occupied , Young , who rents , said the city should n't interfere .
" They should n't be so hard on people , just because they live in a bad area , " he said .
" They should find more ways to fix it up and rent it out . "
The concept of " shrinking cities " is n't new to urban areas similar to Flint .
Last year , the city of Youngstown , Ohio , proposed incentives to encourage people to move out of nearly empty blocks and relocate to more populated areas closer to the heart of the city .
Some people were offered upward of $ 50,000 , according to news reports .
The idea was to shut down entire streets and bulldoze abandoned properties so the city could discontinue services such as police patrols and street lighting , according to a CNN report .
The problem came , understandably so , when officials asked residents to move .
Abandoned and foreclosed homes are on top of the list of major challenges facing Michigan cities , said Arnold Weinfeld , director of public policy and federal affairs with the Michigan Municipal League .
The organization surveyed several cities that cited declining property taxes as the No. 1 problem , he said .
In the past three years or so , cities in Michigan have lost a combined $ 147 million in property taxes , he said .
" That 's bound to have an impact on local services , " he said .
" There 's no question it 's an issue .
Each community is going to address it differently . "
Brown took over last month after former Mayor Don Williamson resigned facing a recall election .
His replacement will be elected Aug . 4 .
Brown is focused on economic development as a key to revitalizing Flint , Campbell said .
The city also has the advantage of having the Genesee County Land Bank , he said .
" Cities such as Flint might be forced to make difficult choices at some point , " Campbell said .
" However , what he 's all about is having an economic development plan in place so we do n't have to seriously consider that as an option . "
Bates said the idea might make some people happier , but she does n't see how it would help the city .
But her roommate , Gabrielle Daniels , said it sounds like a good idea .
" Let 's get these kids out of these bad areas , " she said .
" Get them out of drug houses and into safer neighborhoods . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
French pole vaulter Romain Mesnil has taken to the streets of Paris naked , to draw attention to his lack of sponsorship .
Mesnil , who won a silver medal at the Athletics World Championships in Osaka in 2007 , posted a video of his stunt on the internet .
The Linux Foundation announced yesterday , March 3 , the acquisition of the Linux.com domain from its previous owner , SourceForge .
Though the Linux Foundation will host the site on their servers , SourceForge will still collaborate by continuing to sell advertising for Linux.com .
The Linux Foundation plans to transform the domain from just a news source into a community - driven information and collaboration portal , bringing together and connecting Linux developers and users .
Linux.com will also feature a section specifically created for business users .
“ We are thrilled to add Linux.com to our list of programs in service to the Linux community .
SourceForge is demonstrating its commitment to the Linux and open source community with this arrangement .
We look forward to showcasing the power of collaboration through Linux.com and our on - going alliance with SourceForge .
We intend for Linux.com to be the central forum for Linux information , community and collaboration . ” said Jim Zemlin , executive director for the Linux Foundation in the official press release .
A beta version of the new site will be released in the next months .
Until then , the community can provide tips and ideas for the upcoming Linux.com by joining the " IdeaForge " section on the site .
To smooth the transition , users will still be able to access the old Linux.com content and forum .
“ For SourceForge , this is both an opportunity to continue serving the Linux community and to represent the Linux Foundation with our company ’s media expertise , " said Jon Sobel , group president , media at SourceForge .
“ We appreciate that , on the modern web , doing both things well is a hallmark of good companies , and we look forward to jointly supporting a successful effort for the community . ” he continued .
About the Linux Foundation
Founded in 2007 , the Linux Foundation aims to assist the growth of Linux by providing resources and services for open source projects , allowing them to efficiently compete with closed platforms .
The Linux Foundation is also the sponsor of Linus Torvalds , the creator of Linux .
Open - source companies and developers all over the world support the Linux Foundation .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Connecticut ’s attorney general said he had “ significant doubts ” that $ 165 million of bonuses recently awarded by American International Group Inc are required under state law .
“ AIG is shamelessly shielding itself behind the Connecticut Wage Act , a joke of a justification for squandering scarce taxpayer resources , ” Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said in a statement on Tuesday .
“ We should use any and every well - founded legal weapon to recapture these baseless bonuses . ”
Blumenthal said his office will “ carefully investigate ” the merits of AIG ’s claims , but added : “ Corporate collapse demands accountability -- not windfall payments . ”
AIG awarded the bonuses even after getting a series of taxpayer bailouts totaling roughly $ 180 billion , and incurring a $ 61.7 billion fourth - quarter loss .
A slew of federal and state politicians , including President Barack Obama , and regulators , have demanded steps to ensure the repayment of the bonuses .
Some of the bonuses went to employees of the AIG unit responsible for much of the insurer ’s troubles .
JSON data is commonly used as a simple way to send data back to client side javascript from the server .
For example , a PHP script may output the following JSON to confirm that an action was taken :
{ success : true , message : " It worked ! " }
or in the case of failure :
{ success : fase , message : " It did n't work ! " }
Below is a basic javascript callback function to process the JSON data , displaying the returned message :
function callback ( data ) { if ( data .
success ) alert ( data . message ) ; else alert ( ' ERROR : ' + data . message ) ; }
Sometimes it 's actually useful to send back javascript code to in the JSON data , to be run on the client .
For example , if an Ajax request is made that updates some account information we could return javascript code to update several parts of the page with the new information .
Here 's PHP code that outputs JSON data which includes javascript code :
$ response = array ( ' success ' => ' true ' , ' code ' => " jQuery ( ' #id ' ) .html ( ' Success !' ) ; " ) ; echo json_encode ( $ response ) ; //
Outputs {success : true , code : " jQuery ( ' #id ' ) .html ( ' Success !' ) ; " }
Note how in the returned JSON data " code " is actually a string , so it wo n't be possible to run the code simply by doing " data.code ( ) " on the client .
Instead we must explicitly tell javascript to evaluate the string as code .
Below is an example of how we can do this using eval :
function callback ( data ) { if ( data .
success && data .
code ) eval ( data . code ) ; }
If we wanted to update the page with HTML more complicate the the simple " Success ! " message in the previous example we must be careful to escape any quotes in the HTML correctly .
If we wanted to set the content to : " Javascript " , " json " , " PHP " then we 'd need to do the following :
$ response = array ( ' success ' => ' true ' , ' code ' => " jQuery ( ' #id ' ) . html ( ' \ " Javascript\ " , \ " json\ " , \ " PHP " ' ) ; " ) ; echo json_encode ( $ response ) ;
And It 's easy to imagine a far more complicated example .
The code becomes less readable , and if you accidentally forget to escape one of the quotes , or escape of the quotes that should n't be escaped , then the whole thing breaks .
A nice alternative is ty store the HTML as a separate JSON property and then to reference it , avoiding the need to escape the quotes and making the code easier to read :
$ response = array ( ' success ' => ' true ' , ' html ' => ' " Javascript " , " json " , " PHP " ' , ' code ' => " jQuery ( ' #id ' ) .html(this.html ) ; " ) ; echo json_encode ( $ response ) ;
However , to make the " this.html " reference work the clients side callback function will need to changed , as eval ( ) runs the code in global scope .
This means that " this .html " will refer to a global html variable rather than the one in our JSON data .
We can get around this problem by using the apply function as follows :
function callback ( data ) { if ( data .
success && data .
code ) { var f = new Function ( data . code ) ; f . apply ( data ) ; } }
And here 's a complete example which uses jQuery to perform the Ajax call :
Global sea levels could rise much higher this century than previously projected , raising the threat level for millions of people who live in low - lying areas , new research suggests .
Scientists at a climate change summit in Copenhagen say changes in the polar ice sheets could raise sea levels by a metre or more by 2100 .
The implications could be severe , they warn .
Ten per cent of the world 's population - about 600 million people - live in vulnerable areas .
The new estimate appears to significantly worsen the predictions of a report in 2007 by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which said sea level could rise by up to 59 cm this century .
The IPCC report also said higher increases could not be ruled out , but that not enough was known about ice sheets to predict how quickly they could break up as temperatures increased .
Prof Konrad Steffen , of the University of Colorado , said new studies of ice loss in Greenland showed it had accelerated over the last decade .
" I would predict sea level rise by 2100 in the order of 1 m , " he said .
" It could be 1.2 m or 0.9 m , but it is 1 m or more seeing the current change , which is up to three times more than the average predicted by the IPCC .
It is a major change and it actually calls for action . "
Dr John Church , of the Centre for Australian Weather and Climate Research in Tasmania , said : " The most recent satellite and ground based observations show that sea - level rise is continuing to rise at 3 mm per year or more since 1993 , a rate well above the 20th - century average .
The oceans are continuing to warm and expand , the melting of mountain glaciers has increased and the ice sheets of Greenland and Antarctica are also contributing to sea level rise . "
Prof Eric Rignot , a senior research scientist at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , said new studies since the IPCC report showed that melting and ice loss could not be overlooked .
" As a result of the acceleration of outlet glaciers over large regions , the ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica are already contributing more and faster to sea level rise than anticipated . "
Prof Stefan Ramstorf , of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany said : " Based on past experience , I expect that sea level rise will accelerate as the planet gets hotter . "
The IPCC estimate had been based largely on the expansion of oceans from higher temperatures , rather than meltwater and the impact of glaciers breaking into the sea .
Ramstorf said research indicated sea levels rising between 75 cm and 190 cm by 2100 .
Even if the world manages to cut the emission of greenhouse gases driving global warming , the " best estimate " was about 1 m , he added .
Steffen said : " Different groups may come to slightly different projections , but differences in the details of the projections should not cloud the overall picture where even the lower end of the projections look to have very serious effects . "
John Ashton , the special representative for climate change at the Foreign Office , said : " We need to look at what is a reasonable worst case in the lifetime of people alive today . "
More than 2,000 researchers from 80 countries are attending the conference , which is intended to spur politicians into taking action on global warming .
" The huge response from scientists comes from a sense of urgency , but also a sense of frustration , " said Katherine Richardson , head of the Danish government 's commission on climate change colicy , which organised the conference .
" Most of us have been trained as scientists to not get our hands dirty by talking to politicians . "
She said the IPCC report from 2007 was an " invaluable document " , but it would be years out of date when negotiators convene in Copenhagen in December to try to agree a new global deal to regulate carbon emissions .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 22/12/2008 ( 4299 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
The International Energy Agency 's annual report , The World Energy Outlook 2008 , admits for the first time that " although global oil production in total is not expected to peak before 2030 , production of conventional oil ... is projected to level off towards the end of the projection period . "
When The Guardian 's environmental columnist , George Monbiot , pressed IEA director Fatih Birol on that opaque phrase , the actual date turned out to be 2020 .
The IEA 's previous reports , which assured everyone that there was plenty of oil until 2030 , were based on what Birol called " a global assumption about the world 's oilfields " -- that the rate of decline in the output of existing oilfields was 3.7 per cent a year .
But this year some of the staff actually turned up for work occasionally and did a " very , very detailed " survey on the actual rate of decline .
It turns out that production in the older fields is really falling at 6.7 per cent a year .
There are still some new oilfields coming into production , but this number means that the production of conventional oil -- oil that you pump out of the ground or the seabed in the old - fashioned way -- will peak in 2020 , 11 years from now .
Fatih Birol assumes , or rather pretends , that new production of " unconventional oil " will allow total production to match demand for another decade until 2030 , but this is sheer fantasy .
" Unconventional oil " is extracted , at great expense and environmental cost , from oilsands or oil shales .
But nobody is working the oil shales , and only one million barrels per day are being taken out of oilsands , all in Alberta .
The most optimistic production forecast for the oilsands in the 2020 to 2030 period is five million barrels / day , half of which would merely replace declining Canadian production of conventional oil .
Oilsands oil is not going to postpone the arrival of peak oil for long .
So what are we to make of this news ?
Monbiot uses Birol 's admission to launch an impassioned appeal for the rapid development of non-oil alternative sources of energy .
That is obviously urgent if we are close to " peak oil , " but this may not be as great a crisis as it seems .
It may not be a bonanza for the oil - producing countries , either .
The IEA presumes that demand for oil will rise indefinitely , so the price of oil only gets higher after " peak oil , " but in technology nothing is forever .
Set into the front doorstep of my house ( and most other 19th - century houses in London ) is an iron contrivance called a boot - scraper .
It is a device for scraping the horse dung off your boots before coming into the house .
Nineteenth - century cities depended on horses to move people and goods around .
London in the 1890s had 11,000 horse - drawn taxis and several thousand buses , each of which required 12 horses a day .
Add all the private carriages and the tens of thousands of horse - drawn carts , wagons and drays delivering goods , and there were at least 100,000 horses on the streets of London every day -- each producing an average of 10 kilos ( 25 pounds ) of manure .
Two - thousand tonnes of manure a day .
There were flies everywhere , and if you did n't shovel the manure quickly , it dried up and blew into your eyes , your hair , your nose , your clothes .
As the cities grew , even more horses were needed and the problem grew worse .
One writer in The Times in 1894 estimated that in 50 years the streets of London would be buried under three metres of manure .
In fact , within 35 years the streets of London were almost free of horses , and filled with automobiles instead .
They created a different kind of pollution , but at least you did n't step in it .
The same fate is likely to overtake oil - fuelled vehicles in the next 35 years .
The shift will be driven by concerns about foreign exchange costs and energy independence , and increasingly by the need to curb greenhouse gas emissions .
It is starting with ever - tightening standards for fuel efficiency .
That will be followed by the first mass - market generation of electric vehicles , due in the next two or three years .
The coup de grâce will be delivered by third - generation biofuels , probably produced from algae that do not use valuable agricultural land , that are fully competitive with oil in price and energy content .
We will never get back the eight wasted years of the Bush administration , and it may now be too late to avoid drastic climate change , but Barack Obama is clearly going to try .
The same is true elsewhere .
Indeed , it is a safe bet that the demand for oil is going to fall faster than the supply over the next 10 or 15 years , even if we are already at or near " peak oil , " for the annual decline in oil production just after the peak is actually quite shallow -- around two per cent -- in the classic Hubbert curve .
And if demand falls faster than supply , the price will also collapse .
Ladies and gentlemen , place your bets .
Gwynne Dyer 's latest book , Climate Change , has just been published in Canada by Random House .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Pfizer announced Monday that it has signed a deal to acquire the smaller drugmaker Wyeth for $ 68 billion , and tens of thousands of job cuts will follow .
New York - based Pfizer , already the world 's leading drugmaker , becomes even larger following the cash - and - stock deal with Wyeth , based in Madison , N.J .
The deal values Wyeth shares at $ 50.19 each , a nearly 15 % premium to Friday 's closing price .
Pfizer agreed to pay $ 33 in cash and 0.985 share in Pfizer stock for each Wyeth share .
Pfizer spokesman Ray Kerins said the company is planning about 20,000 new job cuts and will close five manufacturing plants .
" We 're going to do everything we can to improve on our revenues and maximize our performance , " said Pfizer Chief Executive Jeffrey Kindler , in a Monday press conference .
Pfizer recently announced that it was cutting up to 8 % of its research staff , or up to 800 jobs .
Pfizer said the deal would be financed through a combination of cash , debt and stock .
The company said it is borrowing $ 22.5 billion from a consortium of banks .
The board of directors also decided to cut Pfizer 's quarterly dividend in half to 16 cents a share .
Pfizer announced that it would ramp up its focus in treatments for Alzheimer 's disease , inflammation , cancer , pain and psychosis , and continue to focus on vaccines and biotechnology .
" We want to become a leader in biotherapeutics and vaccines , " said Kindler .
" There is no other company that is such a perfect fit for those strategies . "
Pfizer also reported a 90 % plunge in quarterly net profit .
The company said its diluted earnings per share plummeted to 4 cents in the fourth quarter , from 40 cents the prior year .
The company blamed a $ 2.3 billion charge to resolve allegations from federal prosecutors that it had promoted Bextra for uses not approved by the FDA .
Bextra , an anti-arthritis drug , was pulled off the market after Merck 's ( MRK , Fortune 500 ) Vioxx was withdrawn in 2005 .
Pfizer also reported a slight decline in fourth - quarter revenue to more than $ 12.3 billion , from nearly $ 12.9 billion the year before .
This is the first big merger since 2006 , when the telecom giant AT&T ( ATT ) merged with BellSouth for $ 67 billion .
After that deal , AT&T cut 10,000 jobs .
Miller Tabak analyst Les Funtleyder , author of " Healthcare Investing , " said that Wyeth has a " decent pipeline " but with " nothing that immediately jumps out at me as blockbuster . "
Most promising , he said , is Wyeth 's plan to roll out a new form of Prevnar , which combats meningitis and blood infections , with sales totaling $ 2.1 billion in 2008 .
Daniel Ruppar , pharma and biotech analyst for Frost & Sullivan , said that Pfizer " needed to do some major purchase to expand their portfolio , because they have been doing a lot of cuts and trying to realign themselves .
They may use this opportunity to take the best that they have , as well as try to pick the best from within the science structure at Wyeth . "
Pfizer 's ( PFE , Fortune 500 ) stock price fell 10 % in midday trading , while Wyeth's ( WYE , Fortune 500 ) was little changed .
One of Pfizer 's chief challenges is finding a replacement for the cholesterol - cutting Lipitor , the top - selling drug of all time .
The drug 's annual sales peaked at nearly $ 13 billion in 2006 , but revenue will plummet when Lipitor 's patent expires in 2011 .
Correction :
This story initially reported an inaccurate tally for Pfizer 's job cuts .
Are you optimistic ?
Are you secure in your job and finances , and looking at the current economic climate as an opportunity ?
E-mail your story to real stories@cnnmoney.com and explain why you are optimistic and how you are taking advantage of the situation .
You could be included in an upcoming article .
Miracles of the Quran Exposed
Introduction
About 90 % of Muslims do not bother to read Quran with its translation .
But still , they believe that Quran is a “ miracle ” of Allah .
If Muslims ever bother to study Quran with an understanding of its meaning and an objective mind , they will find absurdities , hate verses , contradictions , Pseudo science , stolen stories of bible , stories of Mohammed ’s wives , stories of his companions , abrogated verses , satanic verses , grammatical errors , dreams of heaven , torture of hell , Allah ’s anthropomorphic face , non Arabic words , i nequalities , badly copied biblical verses , humor , vulgar language , Mohammed ’s nervousness , his anger , his feelings , his hatred for Jews , his lust , his marriage with daughter in law , his atrocities , his lootings , his pedophilia , his hallucinations , his broken oaths , his broken treaties , misogynist verses , scriber ’s wording and many other “ miraculous ” things .
And they will never find any wording for peace except of some ayats of Mecca when Mohammed was weak and a poor shepherd .
But they will not get the idea of missing verse of stoning , lashing and list of missing verses and the Quran which is hidden to Muslim “ ummah ” .
Only Shia Imam has “ hidden ” knowledge about that part of “ miraculous “ Quran .
It is a common belief amongst Muslims that the Quran is a treasure - trove of miracles and all kinds of sciences .
They universally believe that Westerners get all their sciences from the Quran .
It is as much their fault as of some Western ( pseudo ) scientists , who find all kinds of " $ cience in Quran ” .
Yet , they do not accept Islam , which makes it obvious that they do these to be fattened with petrodollars from the rich Saudi princes .
We , ex-Muslims , have debunked all the deceptive claims of Quranic Sciences over the past years .
But they are spread in the form of pieces in FFI forum .
I have collected all the data regarding “ miracles of the Quran ” in this E - Book .
Many authors have contributed to forking out the information contained in this book and credit should go mostly to them .
The following main contributors deserve a special mention :
Hector [ forum , Faith Freedom International ]
Khalil Feriel [ forum , Faith Freedom International ]
Ali Sina
Abul Kasem
I urge readers to distribute this e-book among your fellows .
You can email that to anyone .
If you want your offspring to live on the planet earth happily , in peace , then Islam is to be tamed or eradicated .
We have to reach the Muslim youth before the jihadis reach them .
If we can not reach them ahead of the jihadis , the world will suffer .
If you want to save the world , stop terrorism and stop oppression then you will have to tell people the truth of Islam and its founder .
Forward it to others ; perhaps your email stops a suicide bomber or someone from funding terrorism .
Your single click of the mouse may save human blood , which is being shed in the jihad for Islam , which , in all likelihood , will increase further in the time ahead .
Perhaps , your distribution of this book will alleviate sufferings of the billion - plus Muslims , who are the primary victim of Islam .
It will , perhaps , many nations from horrendous attacks like the 9/11 ( US ) , 7/7 ( London ) , 3/11 ( Madrid ) and 11/26 ( Mumbai ) .
Perhaps your action slowly , and eventually stop , the site meter of Islamic terror attacks , which stands at 12690 today since 9/11 .
This meter is running very fast .
We do not know who will fall victim to the next Islamic terror or suicide attack : maybe me , maybe you .
Your sharing of this e-book with your friends , colleagues and contacts may reduce the chances of you and I be the next victim .
We at the Islam watch and Faith Freedom are working hard to save the world from the atrocious demon , called Islam .
The work done here is voluntary .
Dr. Ali Sina and M. A. Khan have left their jobs and working on this most pressing issue of our time at great personal sacrifice .
You can support and help this venture in any way possible : you can promote us , give our link to others , talk about us or share our contents in other forums .
Amaar Khan
A Pakistani-born Ex -Muslim
Index
QURAN AND EMBRYOLOGY
INTRODUCTION
There are propagations of the Quranic ‘ so - called ’ Embryology by such luminaries as Dr Keith Moore and Dr Maurice Bucaille .
These works are aped by such Islamic scholars as Dr Al Zeiny , Dr Zakir Naik , Dr Ibrahim Syed , Dr. Sharif Kaf Al - Ghazal , and the ubiquitous Harun Yahya aka Adnan Oktar .
A good additional material is provided by Dr Omar Abdul Rehman in which he goes into even greater detail in his attempt to validate the Quranic ‘ human reproduction ’ verses with modern scientific facts .
http://www.aquaire.clara.co.uk/
There are many excellent debunkings of the Quranic Embryology Pseudoscience ( “ QEP ” ) .
A short list would include these :
http://www.geocities.com/ freethoughtmecca/embryo.html
http://www.talkorigins.org/ indexcc/CJ/CJ533.html
http://answering-islam.org.uk/
Quran / Science/embryo.html
http://www.faithfreedom.org/
forum/viewtopic.php?p=26725& highlight=embryology+thhuxley # 26725
This article attempts to add to this debate , concentrating solely on the Quranic verses , because inclusion of the hadiths would clearly show up the stupidity of the QEP ( see the list above ) .
THE ISLAMIST CLAIM
Dr Omar Abdul Rehman ’s article is clearly the most detailed , and I will use it as the basis for rebuttal as it includes all the QEP nonsense of Drs Keith Moore and Maurice Bucaille .
A summary of his claims is contained herein :
Quote :
Thus the order and rate of development is similar in the two surahs .
(2) The first and second stages ( Nutfah and ' Alaqah ) :
These two stages are congruent in Al - Mu'minun and AI - Qiyamah and the conjunction " thumma " has been used in both .
No mention of these two stages is made in AI - Infitar .
(3) The third stage ( Mudghah ) " Mudghah " ( a noun ) was used in AI - Mu'minun to describe the stage which follows the " ' Alaqah " .
This noun is indicative of the shape .
In " Al - Qiyamah " text , the verb " Khalaqa " has been used .
This verb indicates the events which take place in " Mudghah " stage .
" Khalaqa " is thus taken to correspond to the beginning of the development of the various organs during the " Mudghah ' stage .
As the outer appearance of the embryo alters with the changes taking place inside it , then the verb " sawwa " in " AI - Qiyamah " is taken to indicate that the " Mudghah " stage is over .
The " Mudghah " has no bones or muscles and therefore does not have the human shape .
Thus the stage of straightening and making the surface of the embryo more even mentioned in " AI - Qiyamah " must therefore , come after " Mudghah " stage .
The order of events in " AI - Mu'minun " and " AI - Qiyamah is the same .
Thus it is taken that the straightening in " Al - Oiyamah " follows immediately after the " Mudghah " i.e. corresponding to the bones " Izam " stage in " AI - Mu'minun
" Mudghah " has been described by the verb " Khalaqa " in " AI - Qiyamah " describing the events which take place in it .
Thus the process of creation is a particular feature of the " Mudghah " while terms like Nutfah and ' Alaqah have been used in the previous stages .
In " Surah Al - Haj " the " Mudghah " is again described as formed and unformed .
This indicates that the process of formation and initiation of various organs is a prominent characteristic of this stage .
Furthermore , by comparing the texts in " Al - Qiyamah " and " AI - Infitar " , we find that " Khalq " and straightening are in congruent sequence in both texts .
This also indicates that " AI - Infitar " text has also started with the Mudghah stage by using the verb " Khalaqa " which is an important characteristic of this stage as explained in the above paragraph .
(4) The fourth stage :
As explained in the third stage the beginning of the bones ' Izam " stage corresponds to the stage of straightening , Furthermore , Al - Infitar shows that the stage of straightening does not include modification " Ta'dil " as this is stated to follow upon ; straightening .
Modification occurs by approaching the human appearance which cannot occur at the stage of bones without the presence of the muscle .
It can therefore be concluded that the modification stage starts with the beginning of the clothing with flesh ( muscle ) stage i.e. it follows the stage of the bones which corresponds to the straightening stage .
This is indicated by the order of events stated in " AI - Mu'minun " on one hand and both " AI - Qiyamah " and ' AI - Infitar " on the other .
The Qur'an has therefore used the noun ' bones ' to indicate shape in the first instance and a verb " sawwa " in both the latter surahs to describe an event .
The embryo at this stage becomes more straight after having been bent ( C - shape ) and its surface more smooth after having been uneven during the " Mudghah " stage .
(5) The fifth stage :
In the above discourse it has been mentioned that the beginning of the stage , clothing with flesh , corresponds to the beginning of the modification stage in " AI - Infitar " .
This latter stage must correspond to the statement : " and We made from it the male and female " in " AI - Qiyamah " because both are preceded by the straightening stage .
Therefore , the beginning of male and female differentiation corresponds to the stage of clothing with flesh in Al - Mu'minun .
This is in fact what actually takes place .
There is differentiation of the genital ridge into either an ovary or a testis at this stage .
( 6 ) The sixth stage and the continuation of the fifth :
In surah AI - Mu'minun the conjunction " thumma " was used between the stage of clothing with flesh and the stage of Nash'ah .
However , in " AI - Qiyamah " and " AI - Infitar " no sixth stage is mentioned .
This indicates that male and female sex differentiation continues to its completion and this is what actually happens .
The external genital organs differentiate between the 11th and 12th weeks Similarly " Ta’dil " or modification of the organs and acquiring of human proportions of the body continues to a late stage of pregnancy .
ANALYSIS
1. The Islamist Debating Technique
A good summary of the Islamist debating technique is given here :
I think it is a waste of time to argue such imponderables of whether the ‘ alaqa ’ is a leech , or a leech - like thing , a clinging thing , or a clot .
I will accept each and every one of these Islamist definitions because such arguments are futile .
Both sides would merely be agreeing to disagree .
A further Islamist miracle is that words like alaqa can have several meanings , and each of these meanings applies at the same time .
Thus , an alaqa is a leech , looks like a leech if viewed in a certain angle or a clot in another angle , or clings to the endometrium .
Truly the Quran is miraculous .
Therefore , my opinion is that the best method of debunking the QEP is by questioning every Islamist claim as to their validity , and to make the Islamist justify every claim .
This would include why they chose to make a choice when there are several other equally valid possibilities , why they chose to ignore clearly nonsensical phrases , and why they assume certain phrases to be metaphorical while others to be literal .
In this way , I will show the QEP to be the patent nonsense that it is .
I will also ignore the obvious similarities between the embryology prevailing at the time the Quran was written and the QEP , notwithstanding Dr Omar Abdul Rehman ’s excellent article .
This is because Muhammad ’s plagiarizing of ancient Greek and Indian embryology can never be proven one way or the other .
Therefore , I will concentrate solely in showing that the QEP is made up of incorrect or illogical or unproven assertions .
2 . The role of the Female Gamete
The Quran never explicitly claims that the female parent contributes genetic material .
It is merely the assumption , and an assumption only , of the Islamists that ' nutfatun amshaajin ' ( mixed drop or mingled sperm ) includes the female gamete .
" Verily WE created Man from a drop of mingled sperm . " ( 76:2 )
The term ‘ nutfatun amshaajin ’ could just as easily refer to the sperm - menstrual blood union of Aristotle and the ancient Indian embryologists , or the two sperm hypothesis of Hippocrates and Galen , or even the readily observed mingling of semen and vaginal discharge during sexual intercourse .
In other words , the fact the Quran does not explicitly state that ‘ nutfatun amshaajin ’ contains the ovum , together with the existence of other possible explanations , means that it is illogical to assume the former and not the latter .
The insistence by Islamists that it explains the former is pure conjecture devoid of evidence , and constitutes the logical fallacy of equivocation , and its adoption is merely wishful thinking or the Islamist art of the ‘ reinterpretation after the fact . ’
One might contend that the Quran does not claim a role for the ovum at all , or is even ignorant of its existence .
The Islamists claim that the Quran correctly states that the sex of the progeny is determined by the sperm from the male parent , based on verses 53:45 - 46 .
Pickthall : And that He createth the two spouses , the male and the female , From a drop ( of seed ) when it is poured forth ;
[ Transliterated Arabic : Waannahu khalaqa alzzawjayni alththakara waal - ontha Min nutfatin itha tumna ]
There are only two logical explanations of nutfatin itha tumna ; that it is the sperm emitted , or the blastocyst ( i.e. zygote ) implanted .
If it is the latter , the Islamists have no case to argue that the Quran correctly states that gender is determined by the sperm of the male parent .
Hence , nutfatin itha tumna must refer to the sperm emitted .
It is possible the Quranic verses 53:45 - 46 state that the male and female progenies , and not merely the genders , are created from the sperm .
This is a possibility totally discounted by Islamists without evidence and suggests a biased interpretation of the verses in light of modern facts .
For where is the mention of the ovum ?
Not in these verses nor anywhere else in the Quran .
In fact , the Quran itself provides the evidence of its doctrinal omission or rejection of the role of the ovum in procreation , for verse 2:223 states that wives are merely tilth .
This is saying they are like the earth receiving the zygote ( i.e. seed ) from the male .
Pickthall 2:223 : Your women are a tilth for you ( to cultivate ) go to your tilth as ye will , and send ( good deeds ) before you for your souls , and fear Allah , and know that ye will ( one day ) meet Him .
Give glad tidings to believers , ( O Muhammad ) .
Therefore , if read in the context of verse 2:223 , ‘ nutfatun amshaajin ’ cannot contain the ovum because tilth does not contribute genetic material to the development of the seed ( i.e. zygote ) , and must mean the semen mingled with some unspecified non-genetic material - contributing female secretion .
In light of these facts , backed by the Quranic verses , it is apparent that the Quran ’s view of human conception and reproduction is that the male parent contributes the diploid seed ( nutfatin itha tumna ) and the female parent , as tilth , merely contributes the environment and nutrients for the growth and development of this diploid seed .
3. The Dust Stage
These verses form the basis for the QEP .
Quote : Pickthall 22:05 : O mankind !
if ye are in doubt concerning the Resurrection , then lo !
We have created you from dust , then from a drop of seed , then from a clot , then from a little lump of flesh shapely and shapeless , that We may make ( it ) clear for you .
And We cause what We will to remain in the wombs for an appointed time , and afterward We bring you forth as infants , then ( give you growth ) that ye attain your full strength .
And among you there is he who dieth ( young ) , and among you there is he who is brought back to the most abject time of life , so that , after knowledge , he knoweth naught .
And thou ( Muhammad ) seest the earth barren , but when We send down water thereon , it doth thrill and swell and put forth every lovely kind ( of growth ) .
Transliterated Arabic :
Ya ayyuha alnnasu in kuntum fee raybin mina albaAAthi fa-inna khalaqnakum min turabin thumma min nutfatin thumma min AAalaqatin thumma min mudghatin mukhallaqatin waghayri mukhallaqatin linubayyina lakum wanuqirru fee al - arhami ma nashao ila ajalin musamman thumma nukhrijukum tiflan thumma litablughoo ashuddakum waminkum man yutawaffa waminkum man yuraddu ila arthali alAAumuri likayla yaAAlama min baAAdi AAilmin shay - an watara al - arda hamidatan fa-itha anzalna AAalayha almaa ihtazzat warabat waanbatat min kulli zawjin baheejin
Pickthall 23:12 - 14 : Verily
We created man from a product of wet earth ;
Then placed him as a drop ( of seed ) in a safe lodging ;
Then fashioned We the drop a clot , then fashioned We the clot a little lump , then fashioned
We the little lump bones , then clothed the bones with flesh , and then produced it as another creation .
So blessed be Allah , the Best of creators !
Transliterated Arabic : Walaqad khalaqna al - insana min sulalatin min teenin Thumma jaAAalnahu nutfatan fee qararin makeenin Thumma khalaqna alnnutfata AAalaqatan fakhalaqna alAAalaqata mudghatan fakhalaqna almudghata AAithaman fakasawna alAAithama lahman thumma ansha / nahu khalqan akhara fatabaraka Allahu ahsanu alkhaliqeena
These verses clearly delineate the stages of the QEP as thus :
Dust / wet earth / clay Nutfah ( Believed to be sperm ) Alaqa ( leach , leach - like , clot , clinging thing ) Mudgha ( chewed lump , partly formed and partly unformed ) Izhaam / Aitham ( bones ) Izhaam covered with Lahm ( muscles and flesh )
Another creation ( fetus ? )
The Islamists all conveniently ignore the first stage which is ‘ DUST ’ .
What does it correspond to in the modern Embryology ?
I know some Islamists would claim the dust to be metaphorical .
Where is the evidence for that ?
If the dust is metaphorical , then the other stages should also be metaphorical , in the absence of evidence to differentiate between metaphorical and literal phrases .
The evidence that ‘ dust ’ is not metaphorical is the word ‘ then ’ or ‘ thumma ’ linking dust and sperm .
This is the same word linking various stages in the QEP sequence of events .
To arbitrary assume that this word now no longer means an immediate follow - on to the next stage is disingenuous and devoid of explanatory evidence .
Some Islamists will argue that the dust refers to the catalytic stage of clay in the first stage of abiogenesis .
However , this is in error because there are numerous , literally eons length , steps between this clay - catalysis stage and the creation of humans .
Secondly , the verse implies that man was made FROM clay , giving the impression clay was a building block and not a catalytic compound .
Therefore , this clay - catalysis notion is nonsensical and debunked .
4. The Missing Stages
Most QEP proponents either conveniently omit the embarrassing verse 40:67 or dishonestly quote only the fragment supporting their case .
Pickthall 40:67 : He it is
Who created you from dust , then from a drop ( of seed ) then from a clot , then bringeth you forth as a child , then ( ordaineth ) that ye attain full strength and afterward that ye become old men - though some among you die before - and that ye reach an appointed term , that haply ye may understand .
Transliterated Arabic : Huwa allathee khalaqakum min turabin thumma min nutfatin thumma min AAalaqatin thumma yukhrijukum tiflan thumma litablughoo ashuddakum thumma litakoonoo shuyookhan waminkum man yutawaffa min qablu walitablughoo ajalan musamman walaAAallakum taAAqiloona
Those QEP proponents who omit this verse are Keith Moore , Maurice Bucaille , Sharif Kaf Al - Ghazal , Nadeem Arif Najmi and Omar Abdul Rehman .
Only Ibrahim
Syed quotes the verse , but only up to the alaqa stage .
Zakir Naik references it in a footnote , glossing over the ‘ missing stages ’ , while Sulayman Gani quotes the verse in full , but glosses over the missing stages .
This shows that the Quran ca n’t even get its embryology stages correct .
Some might view 40:67 to ‘ contradict ’ the other embryology verses as it states clearly and plainly that the child is formed straight after the alaqa stage .
5 . The Formation of Bone
There is a clear mistake in the QEP idea of the formation of bone .
Drs Needham and Needbeer of freethoughtmecca explain this well and I defer to their expertise .
Quote :
While we will return to the issue of mudgha below , we should now move on to the issue of izhaam ( bones ) .
As was noted above , after the alaqa is turned into a mudgha , the Qur'an states fa-khalaqnaa al - mudghata izhaaman , or " then we formed the morsel into bones . "
Moore and his cohort try to change the translation to " out of the mudgha we formed bones , " so as to give the impression that the bones are forming inside the embryo , rather than the entire object becoming bones .
This brings to light the duplicitous nature that these people are taking to the text .
Consider that word khalaqnaa ( " we created / formed " ) appears in three times in Soorat al - Moominoon 23:14 : ( 1 ) khalaqnaa al - nutfata alaqatan - " we formed the nutfa into an alaqa " ; ( 2 ) khalaqnaa al - alaqata mudghatan - " we formed the alaqa into a mudgha " ; ( 3 ) khalaqnaa al - mudghata izhaaman - " we formed the mudgha into bones . "
So the question that needs to be asked is how one properly interprets the logical structure khalaqnaa X , Y .
As will be noted below , proponents of this polemic want izhaam to not actually be a reference to bone , but rather cartilaginous precursors to bone , thus we see that there are two possible ( and rather different ) usages of the logical structure khalaqnaa X , Y being employed .
Does the logical structure mean " we formed the X into a Y , " or does it mean " we caused a precursor to Y to form inside the X " ?
No person to put forth the polemic has ever explained which is the correct interpretation , or if both are possible how they know to use one and not the other .
The reality is that khalaqnaa X , Y means " we formed the X into a Y , " and there is no implication that the Y ( much less something other than Y! ) is only forming inside the X .
When we reach izhaam we find another problematic part of the verse .
Consider that the text reads : khalaqnaa al - mudghata izhaaman , fa-kasawnaa al - izhaaman laHman .
First note that khalaqnaa is past tense , and the pre-fix fa means " then . "
So the verse reads : " we formed the morsel into bones , then we clothed the bones with flesh . "
Thus , it implies bone forms before soft tissue , which is a blatant error , not to mention one that parallels Galen .
As was alluded to above , there is an argument put forth by those who push this polemic that the " bones " are actually a reference to cartilaginous models that will later ossify .
Of course , the text has izhaam , which only means bone - there is no reference to cartilage ( Arabic : ghudhroof ) , so we see that the champions of this deceptive polemic are importing things .
Furthermore , as was noted in the previous paragraph , the text has a past tense conjugation followed by the word " then " ( fa ) , thus the logic of the text is that the bones were completed , finished , and then they were clothed with flesh .
This does not square with the actual process that some wish to correlate the text with , where cartilaginous skeletal models ossify while muscle forms around them simultaneously .
Unless and until an Islamist can adequately explain why the syntax of stage transformation is somehow different in the izhaam stage compared to all the other stages , one must logically conclude that the Quran is in error in believing that the mudgha turned totally into izhaam .
The Islamist would simply say that the syntax allows both interpretations , i.e. khalaqna can mean made into or made within .
However , I ’m still to see an Islamist provide proof of this assertion .
It is easy to make assertions .
Backing them up with evidence is another matter .
Therefore , in the failure of evidence otherwise , the conclusion must be that the syntax of verse 23:12 - 14 must reveal the QEP to be in error .
Secondly , the Islamist has to explain why the author(s ) of the Quran was deficient in their language and forgot to mention cartilage ( ghudhroof ) but bone ( izhaam ) .
Thirdly , muscle and bone ( or their precursors ) develop contemporaneously , although muscle begins developing before cartilage and bone .
Therefore , there is no scientific basis for the QEP proposition of a stage in which bone is later covered with flesh after its own formation .
Muscles begin developing in week four .
There are 40 pairs of developing muscles in the five - week embryo , and they begin to move by week six when the skeletal system is still totally cartilage which forms in week five or six .
By week seven , the muscles and nerves begin work together , when ossification ( i.e. bone formation ) begins .
It can be argued that since cartilage does not begin forming until week five or six and muscles begin forming in the fourth week , the Quranic verse 23:14 got the embryology completely reversed , and therefore , incorrect .
Here is the scientific evidence for the contemporaneous development of cartilage / bone and muscles :
Ossification ( in upper limb ) occurs at the end of the 7th week .
- The Developing Human , 6th Edition Clinically Oriented Embryology Keith L. Moore , Ph..D. , FIAC , FRSM T.V.N. Persaud , M.D. , Ph.D. , D.Sc. , FRCPath W.B. Saunders Company ( Philadelphia ) , 1998 p. 96
According to Rugh in Conception to Birth Roberts Rugh , Ph.D. , Landrum B. Shettles , Ph.D. , M.D. Harper & Row , ( New York ) , 1971 , muscles appear in pelvis by 6th week ( p 43 ) .
Movement of the muscles is being controlled by the nervous system by the 6th week ( p 34 ) .
All of the muscle blocks have appeared by day 36 after conception ( p 46 ) .
Thus bone appears after muscles have formed .
Even if we were to accept that the Quran was only referring to precursors of bone and not bone itself , even though it used the Arabic word for bone , izhaam , the embryology is still wrong .
Muscle precursors begin developing into muscle soon after mesenchymal ( skeletal ) condensation [ see here and here ] .
Looks like muscle forms contemporaneously with cartilage formation and is not delayed until bone had formed .
Muscle development starts on Day 28 [ see link ] .
Building blocks are present for 40 pairs of muscles , which are located from the base of the skull to the bottom of the spinal column .
Day 28 after conception Rugh , p 35
Muscles appear in the pelvic region .
Day 31 after conception Rugh , p 43
All of the muscle blocks have appeared .
Day 36 after conception Rugh , p 46
Muscular layers of the stomach , esophagus , and intestines begin to proliferate .
Day 56 after conception Rugh , p 53
The first indication of limb musculature is observed .
7th week of development Sadler , 7th edition , p 168
Cartilage first appears in week 5 [ see here ]
But the cartilage skeleton begins forming by week 6 [ see here ] .
Thus , when the bone precursors were developing , muscles were also developing at the same time .
The cartilage model of the skeleton begins developing by week 6 ( see above ) and is only developed by the 7th week ( link ) .
Mesenchymal models of the bones in the limbs undergo chondrification to form hyaline cartilage .
Week 6 ( Moore : The Developing Human , 6th ed. , p. 420 , fig. 15-15D ) .
At this time , all the muscle blocks have already appeared .
[ Rugh p. 46 ]
Thus , Keith Moore is wrong .
Muscles do not take their positions around the bone forms at the end of the seventh week and during the eighth week .
All the muscle blocks have already appeared around the developing skeleton by day 36 — i.e. early week 5 .
Bone and Muscle develop contemporaneously .
In fact , muscle appears BEFORE bone and around the same time as the cartilage precursor .
This diagram shows that the week 6 embryo ( Carnegie Stage 16 ) already has musculature when the cartilage is forming .
6 . The End of Cell Differentiation
Proponents of the QEP state that mudgha stage in which the phrase “ partly formed and partly unformed ” or “ shaped and shapeless ” refers to the incomplete cell differentiation observed in this stage .
Quote :
Yusuf Ali 22:05 : … We created you out of dust , then out of sperm , then out of a leech - like clot , then out of a morsel of flesh , partly formed and partly unformed …
Sadly for the Islamists , some of whom are embryologists and medical doctors and so should know better , this claim is not backed by the scientific evidence .
Remembering that this mudgha stage occurs before the izham stage , it must occur before week six , when the progeny is still in the “ embryo ” stage .
However , modern embryologists know that cell differentiation occurs well before the ‘ mudgha ’ stage and well into the “ fetal ” stage .
Hence the QEP claim must be incorrect .
7 . The Beginning of the Fetal Stage
Islamists claim that the Quran correctly denotes the start of the Fetal stage by referring to the creation of ‘ another creation ’ after the izham / lahm ( bone clothed with flesh ) stage which supposedly occurs at week eight .
Pickthall 23:12 - 14 : … We the clot a little lump , then fashioned We the little lump bones , then clothed the bones with flesh , and then produced it as another creation .
An experienced embryologist would know that the delineation of the embryo and fetal stages is arbitrary .
However , the 8 - week dividing line is still arbitrary , since a firm scientific basis for the transition to the fetal stage is lacking ( link ) .
8. The Least Period of Conception
Some Islamists claim that the Quran correctly states that the least period of conception is 6 months .
They base this claim on two verses .
Pickthall 46:15 : And We have commended unto man kindness toward parents .
His mother beareth him with reluctance , and bringeth him forth with reluctance , and the bearing of him and the weaning of him is thirty months , till , when he attaineth full strength and reacheth forty years , he saith : My Lord !
Arouse me that I may give thanks for the favour wherewith
Thou hast favoured me and my parents , and that I may do right acceptable unto Thee .
And be gracious unto me
In the matter of my seed .
Lo !
I have turned unto
Thee repentant , and lo !
I am of those who surrender ( unto Thee ) .
Pickthall 31:14 : And
We have enjoined upon man concerning his parents .
His mother beareth him in weakness upon weakness , and his weaning is in two years .
Give thanks unto Me and unto thy parents .
Unto Me is the journeying .
Dr Omar Abdul Rehman claims that ‘ the two texts taken together leave only six months ( 22 weeks i.e. , five and half Gregorian months are equal to about six lunar months . of pregnancy ) . ’
Here , Dr Abdul Rehman ’s sleigh of hand to fit 22 weeks into six lunar months is ludicrous as each lunar month consists of four weeks , while five and a half Gregorian months consist of about 23.8 weeks .
Dr Al - Ghazal also claims that according to ‘ scientific facts ’ the least period of conception is 22 weeks .
Even assuming the arbitrary claim by Drs Al - Ghazal and Abdul Rehman of 22 weeks , being the ‘ most cases ’ scenario ( patently false according to medical statistics – see below ) , one is left with the conclusion that the Quran is still in error as six lunar months is 24 weeks , not 22 weeks .
This two - week difference is very important to the development and survivability of the fetus .
Hence , it should not be summarily dismissed and rounded to the nearest month .
If anything , it should be rounded to five lunar months , not six .
Regardless , the claim of six lunar months or 22 weeks as the least period of conception or ‘ minimum period for fetal viability ’ is unsupported by modern medical science .
A fetus is defined as being viable if it has the ability to " potentially able to live outside the mother 's womb [ that is , can survive ] , albeit with artificial help . "
In the fifties viability was reached about 30 weeks after conception .
Modern medical technology changed that to 25 weeks in the seventies .
Now viability continues to be pushed further and further back in the pregnancy and is now as early as 19 weeks .
21 and 22 week premature babies are now supported routinely , and have a good chance of survival .
By 24 weeks after conception , premature babies have a 40 % chance of reaching adulthood without any major complications .
By 28 weeks , the chance is 90 % .
By 29 weeks , survival is almost definite .
( Note : These percentages are from reports written during the late 1980s .
Current survival rates are most likely much higher . )
http://www.abortioninfo.net/facts/development4.shtml
Thus , it can be seen that the minimum period of fetal viability has changed , at least in recent history .
It was never 22 weeks or 6 lunar months prior to the era of modern medicine , being likely to have been at least 30 weeks .
Now , it has shrunk to only 19 weeks in countries with advanced pediatric medicine .
I would suggest the minimum period of fetal viability in many third - world countries would still be around 30 weeks .
Thus , the QEP proposition of the least period of conception is false .
CONCLUSION
The Quranic Pseudoscience Embryology can be seen to be false due to the following points :
1 . The Quran itself omits mention of the ovum in human reproduction , with doctrinal evidence that it regards the progeny to be the resulting union between the seed from the male parent and the female parent as tilth .
As tilth do not provide genetic material to the seed , it is abundantly clear that the Quran regards the nutfah ( sperm ) as the diploid seed .
2 . The Quran includes an initial dust stage that cannot be reconciled with modern embryology .
3 . The missing stages of verse 40:67 contradict the other embryology verses .
4 . The stage of bone formation is in error , even assuming that izhaam means both bone and cartilage .
5 . The Quranic view of cell differentiation at the Mudgha stage is incorrect , as modern embryology has discovered cell differentiation occurring before and after the putative ‘ Mudgha ’ stage .
6 . The QEP claim that Quran correctly predicted the beginning of the fetal stage is debunked because the transition between the embryo and the fetus is arbitrary .
7 . The QEP claim that the Quran correctly states the least period of conception at 24 weeks is in error , as according to modern medical knowledge this period is closer to 21 - 22 weeks or even less with advanced medical science , and at least 30 weeks without modern medical assistance .
Seven Layers of the Atmosphere
Islamists claim that the Quran has mentioned the layers of atmosphere , which is a miracle of Quran .
Here is the full claim :
One fact about the universe revealed in the verses of the Qur'an is that the sky is made up of seven layers .
" It is He Who created everything on the earth for you and then directed His attention up to heaven and arranged it into seven regular heavens .
He has knowledge of all things . "
[ The Qur'an , 2:29 ] " Then He turned to heaven when it was smoke .
In two days
He determined them as seven heavens and revealed , in every heaven , its own mandate . "
[ The Qur'an , 41:12 ]
The word " heavens " , which appears in many verses in the Qur'an , is used to refer to the sky above the Earth , as well as the entire universe .
Given this meaning of the word , it is seen that the Earth 's sky , or the atmosphere , is made up of seven layers .
The Earth has all the attributes that are needed for life .
One of them is the atmosphere , which serves as a shield protecting living things .
Today , it is an established fact that the atmosphere is made up of different layers lying on top of one another .
Just as it is described in the Qur'an , the atmosphere is made up of exactly seven layers .
This is certainly one of the miracles of the Qur'an .
Indeed , today it is known that the world 's atmosphere consists of different layers that lie on top of each other .
Furthermore , it consists , just as is described in the Qur'an , of exactly seven layers .
In a scientific source , the subject is described as follows :
Fourteen centuries ago , when the sky was believed to be one unified body , the Qur'an miraculously stated that it consisted of layers , and what is more , " seven " layers .
Modern science , on the other hand , discovered the fact that the atmosphere surrounding the Earth is made up of " seven " basic layers only very recently .
The above claim was made by Harun Yahya in his site , but after I published the following rebuttal he removed that page from his site .
You can still find what he wrote in this Islamic site .
Rebuttal
The pre Copernican concept of the universe was geocentric , i.e. they thought that the Earth was flat and was located at the center of the universe .
They believed that the Sun and the Moon along with Saturn , Jupiter , Mars , Venus and Mercury that made the seven known objects of the heaven were deities .
These were the only objects people could observe with their naked eyes moving in the sky while the stars appeared to be fix .
They believed that these planets or “ gods ” each had its own sphere .
These layers are not the same as the orbits that we know .
The planets did not orbit the Sun but they all revolved around the flat Earth in this order :
Moon Mercury Venus Sun Mars Jupiter Saturn
The closest to the Earth was the Moon and the farthest , was the Saturn .
Therefore the concept of the 7 layers of heaven is based on ancient astronomy , where each celestial body occupied a crystal sphere one placed on top of the other like layers of an onion ...
Both Judaism and Christianity make reference to these layers of heaven .
For example Dante in his Divina Comedia refers to it and Paul the apostle , in 2 Corinthians 12:2 says : “ I know a man in Christ who fourteen years ago was caught up to the third heaven .
Whether it was in the body or out of the body I do not know –God knows . ”
The heaven was the physical world above .
The concept of a spiritual heaven is a new concept .
In the mind of the ancient man the distinction between physical heaven ( sky ) and spiritual heaven was fuzzy .
For example “ cielo ” in Spanish still means both sky and heaven .
Not only the Heaven had seven layers , the Earth also had seven layers and it represented the underworld or the Hell .
Dante , for example on visiting the lowest level of Hell meets two men with their bodies split and he learns that they were Muhammad and Ali .
He describes his encounter with these two wretched men graphically :
“ Truly cask , by losing mid-board or cross-piece , is not so split open as one I saw cleft from the chin to where the wind is broken : between his legs were hanging his entrails , his inner parts were visible , and the dismal sack that makes ordure of what is swallowed .
Whilst all on seeing him I fix myself , he looked at me , and with his hands opened his breast , saying , " Now see how I rend myself , see how mangled is Mahomet .
Ali goeth before me weeping , cleft in the face from chin to forelock ; and all the others whom thou seest here were , when living , sowers of scandal and of schism , and therefore are they so cleft . ”
The number seven was so engrained in the mind of the ancient man that you can find it everywhere .
Seven planets or gods had been identified and the phases of the moon changed every seven days .
The Bible states that God rested on the seventh day after he completed his Creation .
And every seventh year was sabbatical and that the seven times seventh year ushered in the Jubilee year .
The Pagans divided their weeks in seven days each day representing a deity .
Saturday which was the first day of the week ( as it still is in Islamic countries ) was dedicated to Saturn ( Dies Saturni ) ,
Sunday to Sun ( Dies Solis ) , Monday to Moon ( Dies Lunae ) , Tuesday to Mars ( Dies Martis ) , Wednesday to Mercury ( Dies Mercurii ) , Thursday to Jupiter ( Dies Jovis ) , and Friday to Venus ( Dies Veneris ) . [ 1 ]
Out of this order come the familiar seven Archangels which include Michael , Gabriel , Raphael , Uriel , Raguel , Sariel , and the fallen Lucifer .
The pagan concept of the seven layer of Heaven crept into Judaism and the number seven can be found in Judaism more than anywhere else .
Why ?
Because Midrash teaches , there are seven layers of Heaven , obviously an influence of Paganism in Judaism .
“ When Adam sinned , the Shechinah departed to the First Heaven .
The sin of Kayin forced it to the Second Heaven ; the Generation of Enosh to the Third ; the generation of the Flood to the Fourth ; The generation of the Dispersion to the Fifth ; Sodomites , to the Sixth ; Egypt of Avraham 's day , to the Seventh ... ( Bereishis Rabbah 19:7 ) ” [ 2 ]
According to Judaic scriptures , creation took 7 days ; Naaman had to wash 7 times in the Jordan to be cleansed from leprosy ; the Israelites had to march around Jericho 7 days and 7 times on the 7th day ; they had to set aside one day in 7 for rest and worship .
There was a 7 - armed lampstand in the temple , etc .
In the last book , Revelation , we find mentioned 7 spirits , 7 lampstands , 7 churches , 7 stars , 7 seals , 7 trumpets , 7 vials , 7 thunders , 7 plagues , 7 mountains and 7 kings .
The tribulation period is to be 7 years being the last " week of years " of Daniel 's 70 weeks ( Dan 9:24 ff ) . [ 3 ]
Muhammad did not invent the concept of the seven layers of Heaven .
He merely parroted it without understanding the Pagan origin of this idea .
He wrote :
“ So He ordained them seven heavens in two periods , and revealed in every heaven its affair ; and We adorned the lower heaven with brilliant stars …
“ ( Fussilat 41 : 12 )
This verse has nothing to do with layers of the atmospheres as claimed by the charlatan Harun Yahya .
It has to do with the geocentric concept of the universe that was prevalent at the time of Muhammad .
Note also that according to Muhammad , stars are lamps that are affixed to the ceiling of the lower layer of the Heaven for adornment purposes .
The lower level is the sphere of the Moon .
Obviously stars are not in the same layer where Moon is and neither the Moon nor the stars are in the lower atmosphere of the Earth .
In fact the concept of the layers of heaven as mentioned in the Quran is so unrelated to the layers of the atmosphere that the Islamic site , www.understanding-islam.com, tries to give a completely mystical significance to that verse and claims that it talks about the " spiritual heavens " which the soul will encounter after the death . [ 4 ]
“ The reference to the fact that God has created seven heavens has generally been given in the Qur’an , in reply to the skepticism shown by the disbelievers regarding the possibility of life after death .
… it refers to the vastness of His creation .
It says that God has not just created one sky -- i.e. , one universe , but seven such skies -- or seven universes .
It seems that the huge universe that we live in , the one whose boundaries are not yet known to man , is just one of these heavens ( universes ) there are seven others , of which we -- with all our scientific developments -- do not know anything about .
Certain verses of the Qur’an clearly indicate that the whole huge mass of space around us is just one of these universes ... ”
The Islamic site www.pakistanlink.com quotes Maududi , the renowned Muslim scholar and the interpreter of the Quran , who says :
“ It is difficult to explain precisely what is meant by the ‘ seven heavens ’ .
In all ages man has tried , with the help of observation and speculation to conceptualize the ‘ heavens ’ , i.e. that which lies beyond and above the earth .
As we know the concepts that have thus developed have constantly changed .
Hence it would be improper to tie the meaning of these words of the Qur’an to any one of these numerous concepts .
What might be broadly inferred from this statement is that either Allah has divided the universe beyond earth into seven distinct spheres , or that this earth is located in that part of the universe which consists of seven different spheres . " [ 5 ]
From the Ahadith ( especially the Hadith of Mi’raj ) we learn that the first heaven is the one that is closest to the earth .
So the order begins from the earth and the highest heaven is the seventh heaven [ 6 ] .
As one can see the real scholars of Islam are unable to explain the meaning of the seven heavens mentioned in the Quran and try to give esoteric significance to it .
If we had to believe that the seven heavens is an allusion to the seven layers of the atmosphere then we have to assume that stars must be no more than eleven kilometers above the Earth , because as the verse 41:12 says the lower heaven is adorned with brilliant stars .
The Troposphere ends at about eleven kilometers above the surface of the Earth .
Not only Muhammad , like other men of his time , believed that the sky had seven layers , he also thought that the Earth was made of seven layers too .
“ Allah is He Who created seven Firmaments and of the earth a similar number … ” [ Quran 65.12 ]
In this verse the number of the earths is not in question .
It assumes that everyone agrees that there are seven earths .
The emphasis is on the claim that Allah is the creator of these seven earths .
The reason is because just like the seven heavens , the ancient people had agreed that there were also seven layers of earth .
Muhammad was simply stating what seemed to be obvious to the people of his time but of course he was dead wrong according to the modern science .
What are these seven earths that Muhammad was talking about ?
If there were seven continents on Earth , the Muslim apologists would not waste time to claim this verse is a miracle .
But we do not have seven continents .
Muhammad is talking about the seven layers of Earth .
He is talking about the same layers that were described by Dante in his Inferno .
Several hadith make this clear .
Here is one :
Allah 's Apostle said , " Whoever usurps the land of somebody unjustly , his neck will be encircled with it down the seven earths ( on the Day of Resurrection ) . " [ 7 ]
Down the seventh earth is allusion to the bottom of the Hell , where Dante found Muhammad and Ali with their bodies torn asunder .
It is interesting to note that both Muhammad and Ali raided innocent people killed them or exiled them and usurped their lands unjustly .
Fadak was a beautiful village with many gardens that Muhammad usurped from the Jews of Khaibar after annihilating them and gave it to his daughter Fatima the wife of Ali .
I am surprised Dante did not see Fadak around the neck of Muhammad and Ali when he saw them in Hell .
Is n't this another proof that even their description of Hell was wrong ?
The detailed description of these seven earths is given by Muhammad ibn ' Abd Allah al - Kisa'i :
“ ... There are seven earths .
The first is called Ramaka , beneath which is the Barren Wind , which can be bridled by no fewer than seventy thousand angels .
With this wind God destroyed the people of Ad .
The inhabitants of Ramaka are a nation called Muwashshim , upon whom is everlasting torment and divine retribution .
The second earth is called Khalada , wherein are the implements of torture for the inhabitants of Hell .
There dwells a nation called Tamis , whose food is their own flesh and whose drink is their own blood .
The third earth is called Arqa , wherein dwell mulelike eagles with spearlike tails .
On each tail are three hundred and sixty poisonous quills .
Were even one quill placed on the face of the earth , the entire universe would pass away .
The inhabitants thereof are a nation called Qays , who eat dirt and drink mothers ' milk .
The fourth earth is called Haraba , wherein dwell the snakes of Hell , which are as large as mountains .
Each snake has fangs like tall palm trees , and if they were to strike the hugest mountain with their fangs it would be leveled to the ground .
The inhabitants of this earth are a nation called Jilla , and they have no eyes , hands or feet but have wings like bats and die only of old age .
The fifth earth is called Maltham , wherein stones of sulphur hang around the necks of infidels .
When the fire is kindled the fuel is placed on their breasts , and the flames leap up onto their faces , as He hath said :
The fire whose fuel is men and stones ( 2:24 ) , and Fire shall cover their faces ( 14:50 ) .
The inhabitants are a nation called Hajla , who are numerous and who eat each other .
The sixth earth is called Sijjin .
Here are the registers of the people of Hell , and their works are vile , as He hath said : Verily the register of the actions of the wicked is surely Sijjin ( 83:7 ) .
Herein dwells a nation called Qatat , who are shaped like birds and worship God truly .
The seventh earth is called Ajiba and is the habitation of Iblis .
There dwells a nation called Khasum , who are BLACK and short , with claws like lions .
It is they who will be given dominion over Gog and Magog , who will be destroyed by them … [
8 ]
It is not hard to see these tales are nonsense .
These are fairy tales that even children today would laugh at .
As it has been proven time and again , Quran is wrong in almost all its assertions .
One error would have been enough to prove Muhammad was not a messenger of God but a liar .
We have shown that there are hundreds of errors in the Quran .
Yet Muslims desperately keep looking for “ miracles ” to fool themselves and find validation for their belief .
To understand why this order was chosen see this link : http://www.12x30.net/origin.html
http://www.neveh.org/winston/parsha63/nitzvylc.html
http://www.answering-islam.org/Nehls/Ask/number19.html
http://www.understanding-islam.com/rq/q-014.htm
( Towards Understanding the Qur’an , translated by Zafar Ishaq Ansari , vol. 1 , p.58 note no. 34 . ) From the Ahadith ( especially the Hadith of Mi’raj ) http://www.pakistanlink.com/religion/2000/03-31.html)
Ibid
[ Bukhari Volume 3 , Book 43 , Number 63 .
see also : Volume 3 , Book 43 , Number 633 : and Volume 3 , Book 43 , Number 634 :
Tales of the Prophets - Qisas al - anbiya , trans .
Wheeler M. Thackston Jr.
[ Great Books of the Islamic World , Inc. , Distributed by Kazi Publications ; Chicago , IL 1997 ] , pp. 8 - 9 ) ” taken from : http://answering-islam.org.uk/Quran/Science/seven_earths.html
Speed of Light in the Qur'an ?
Muslims are hard at work trying to find miracles in the Qur'an and each day they " find " something new .
They gloat about it and pump themselves , spread the glad tiding across the Internet , publish it in their newspapers , and challenge others to disprove that miracle , until someone shows their error and deflates them like a punctured balloon .
This does not slow them .
Since they are eager to find miracles , and since there is no end to human gullibility , especially when one WANTS to believe , they find a new miracle every day .
The Claim
In an article published in Islamicity.com , Dr. Mansour Hassab - Elnaby claims the verse 32.5 reveals that light in one day travels a distance equal to 12,000 lunar orbits , and upon calculating that distance we find the exact speed of light .
Here is verse 32:5 translated by Shakir :
“ He regulates the affair from the heaven to the earth ; then shall it ascend to Him in a day the measure of which is a thousand years of what you count .. ”
According to Dr. Hassab - Elnaby , " affairs " mentioned in this verse is " light . "
So this verse reveals that light can travel in one day the distance that will take the Moon , 1000 years to span .
It takes a Muslim 's imagination to think this verse has anything to do with the speed of light .
There is no mention of moon , light or even distance in this verse .
However , let us agree with this assumed interpretation for now and see whether Dr. Hassab - Elnaby has his math right .
Rebuttal
The rebuttal is divided into 7 parts .
1. Wrong Calculation
The average center - to - center distance from the Earth to the Moon is 384,403 km .
The orbit of the Moon is nearly circular .
( That is why we see the Moon always with the same size )
This means for the Moon to go a full circle around the Earth it must travel a distance of 2,415,273 km ( Circumference of the lunar orbit = 2r π = 2 x 384,403 x 3.14159 )
To orbit the earth 12,000 times the Moon must travel 28,983,278,898 km ( 2.415,273 x 12,000 ) .
This is how much the moon travels in 1000 lunar years .
Light travels at a constant speed of 299,792.458 km. per second
There are 86,400 seconds in one day ( 60x60x24 )
In 24 hours , light travels a distance of 25,902,068,371 km ( 299,792.458 x 86,400 ) .
These two numbers are not the same .
They are not even close .
There is a difference of 3,081,210,527 km ( 28,983,278,898 - 25,902,068,371 ) between the distance traveled by the Moon in 1000 lunar years and the distance traveled by light in one day .
This difference is over twenty times the distance between the Earth and the Sun .
So clearly Dr. Hassab - Elnaby got it wrong .
The two numbers do not match .
That is not all .
There is a difference between lunar month ( phases ) and lunar orbit .
The Moon makes a complete orbit around the Earth every 27.3 days , ( siderial month ) while the periodic variations in the geometry of the Earth–Moon–Sun system are responsible for the lunar phases that repeat every 29.5 days ( synodic month ) .
There is a difference of 2.2 days between the lunar month and the lunar orbit .
( Wikipedia )
In one lunar year the Moon revolves around the Earth 12.967 times ( 29.5 x 12 / 27.3 ) and not 12 times .
So the distance that the Moon travels in 1000 lunar years is actually 32 , 045,078,461 km ( 12,967 x 2,4715,273 ) .
The difference between this distance and the distance traveled by light in one day is 6,143,010,090 km ( 32 , 045,078,461 - 25,902,068,371 ) .
It would take light , another 5 hours 41 minutes to travel this extra distance .
Alternatively we can say that the Moon revolves around the Earth 10,724 times to cover the distance that the light travels in 24 hours .
( Distance traveled by light in one day 25,902,068,371 km / The orbit of the Moon 2,415,273 km ) .
It takes only 827 lunar years for the Moon to go this distance and not 1000 lunar years .
( 10,724 revolutions of the Moon around the Earth x 27.3 days that takes for each revolution / 354 days that exist in each lunar year ) .
No matter how you look at it Dr. Hassab - Elnaby 's calculations are wrong .
The distance traveled by the Moon in 1000 years and the distance traveled by light in one day are NOT the same .
We are not even considering the orbit of the Earth around the Sun , which inevitably the Moon must also thread .
Taking that into account Dr. Hassab - Elnabi's calculations are 36.6 times off .
2. Wrong Translation
Which part of this verse talks about light or its speed ?
Dr. Hassab - Elnany writes : " Thus we conclude that the cosmic affair , mentioned in the previous Quranic verse , is identical to LIGHT and all similar cosmic affairs travelling in vacuum with this maximum speed such as : all types of electro magnetic waves propagating between the heavens and the earth , the expected Gravitational waves spreading all over the universe , and all particles travelling in this cosmic greatest spead such as neutrinos . "
What a load of nonsense !
All Muhammad is saying in this verse is that a day of Allah is 1000 years long .
This is his way of saying Allah is big , everything about him is big , and even his days are big .
Muhammad repeated the same thing in the verse 22.47
“ Verily a day in the sight of thy Lord is like a thousand years of your reckoning . ”
There is no mention of affairs going up and down , light , magnetic waves , particles and neutrinos in this verse .
The length of the day is determined by how fast a planet revolves around its axis and it has nothing to do with the size of its inhabitants .
All we can understand from this verse is that the creator of the world lives in a very slow revolving planet .
Just to show the absurdity and the confusion in the Qur'an let us see the verse 70:4 :
“ The angels and the spirit ascend unto him in a Day the measure whereof is ( as ) fifty thousand years . ”
This verse has a similar content of the verse 32:5 , but here it says that the length of the day of God is 50,000 years .
This is a clear contradiction .
Is a day of God 1000 years or is it 50,000 years ?
Does it mean that it takes 50,000 years for angels and spirits to reach God ?
That is awfully slow .
Then how could Angel Gabriel take Muhammad to heaven and back in one night ?
The Qur'an is replete with contradictions and absurdities .
Muhammad had found a gullible audience who gobbled everything he told them uncritically .
He never thought one day his words will be scrutinized by people smarter than his benighted followers and his lies will be exposed .
3. Wrong Parameters
I am not done yet !
There is still more problem with this claim .
The speed of light is constant while the rotation of the Earth , thanks to losing its kinetic energy , is slowing down .
Therefore , the days of the Earth are becoming longer .
Also the Moon is getting away from the Earth and its orbit is widening .
To orbit the Earth , the Moon has to travel a little more each time .
This means that the length of the lunar months are increasing .
How can one measure something that is constant with things that are variable ?
Scientists believe that when the Earth was young , it span ten times faster around its axes than it is spinning today .
Since the speed of light has remained the same all along , 4.5 billion years ago , in one day light traveled one tenth of the distance that it travels today .
There are nearly 4.5 million thousand years since the Moon is orbiting the Earth .
As the Moon distances from the Earth it is slowing down .
Since each millennium the orbit of the Moon and the Length of the day change , in which one of these 4.5 million millennia the Moon traveled the same distance that the light travels in one day ?
The claim is wrong , but even if true , only one time out of 4.5 million times the two numbers could match .
Then again even a broken watch is right twice every day .
The very notion of measuring the speed of light with the orbit of the Moon or the length of the day is a fallacy , that is because the yardstick is constantly changing .
Such an error only reveals the lack of understanding of Dr. Hassab - Elnaby of the basic principles of science .
4. Wrong Interpretation
The verse talks about the “ affairs of God ” being sent to Earth and then ascending to Him in one day , the length of which is 1000 years .
How on Earth this educated slave of Allah has determined that " affairs " means light ?
The word used in Arabic is Amr .
It means commandment , order , cause , and affair .
This is an allusion to God ’s religion and not to light .
Amrullah means the Cause of God .
A more accurate translation of this verse is , God sends his Cause to Earth , which will return to Him , i.e. it will be revoked in one day , the length of which is equal to 1000 years .
This is how Sheikh Ahmad Ahsai ( 1753 – 1826 ) , founder of Shiite Sheikhieh school and his disciple Seyyed Kazim - i- Rashti ( 1792 – 1843 ) interpreted this verse .
They claimed Islam does no longer meet the needs of the time and since it does not allow reform , it must be abrogated .
However , since no one can abrogate the word of God but God himself , this task rests on the shoulders of the awaited Mahdi , the Promised One of the Shiites .
Ahsai and Rashti said the end of Islam and the appearance of Mahdi has already been foretold in the Hadith and the Qur'an , and verse 32:5 gives the exact date .
According to these eminent scholars , Amrullah , the cause of God , was completed when the last intermediary between God and Mankind , Imam Hassan Askari died .
Hassan Askari died in the lunar year 260 Hijra .
Ahsai believed that since , according to the verse 32:5 , one thousand years after the communication between God and mankind is interrupted the cause of God ( Islam ) would be revoked : يَعْرُجُ إِلَيْهِ ,
Mahdi should manifest himself in the year 1260 Hijra ( 1844 EC )
Seyyed Kazem Rashti died one year before the expected year .
He , was so sure that Mahdi would manifest himself in the coming year that he did not appoint any successor .
He dissolved the Sheikhieh school ordering his disciples to scatter around Persia to find him .
It was in this heightened atmosphere of expectation that the 26 year old Seyyed Ali Mohammad , native of Shiraz , claimed to be the Bab , the Gate to divine understanding , the Promised One .
Thanks to his sincerity and Christ like innocence he attracted most of the students of Seyyed Kazem and in a short time the Babi movement became so popular that it took the country by storm .
The amazing success of the Babis in converting the Iranians was seen as a threat by the clergy who instigated the young and inexperienced king , Nasereddin Shah to execute the Bab .
They started a brutal campaign of persecution of Babis and subsequently Bahais that has lasted till this day .
I am not an apologist for Babism .
I do not believe in Islam and do not think the Qur'an contains any prophecy .
Anyone can interpret the Qur'an in anyway he pleases .
I do not believe the Bab was a messenger of God .
According to this author , that young man suffered from temporal lobe epilepsy , the evidence of that is in his prolific , verbose , and incoherent writings .
He certainly believed in his cause and refused to recant in order to save his life .
In all fairness , one can see that Ahsai and Rashti have given a much more logical interpretation to the Quranic verse 32:5 than Dr. Hassab - Elnaby , with his ludicrous claim that the verse reveals the speed of light .
5. Stolen Miracle
The funny thing is that the verse 32:5 is plagiarized from the Bible .
Here are the original Biblical verses :
For a thousand years in your sight are like a day that has just gone by , or like a watch in the night .
[ Psalm 90:4 ]
But do not forget this one thing , dear friends :
With the Lord a day is like a thousand years , and a thousand years are like a day . [ 2 Peter 3:8 ]
When the Psalmist says a thousand years for God is like a watch in the night , he means God is timeless .
In those days people used sundials to measure the time .
It only worked in sunshine .
This is a beautiful poetic way to say time does not exist for God .
This thousand years should be taken allegorically and not literally .
Peter understood that .
He said with Lord not only a thousand years is like one day , also one day is like a thousand years .
What that humble fisherman was saying is that Time is irrelevant for God .
Compare that with the pathetic attempt of Muslim doctors and scholars who take this allegory literally and try to find scientific equations in it .
Taken poetically , this example is beautiful ; taken literally , it is asinine .
Assuming there is a miracle in this allegory , should n't the credit go to the Bible ?
Is n't it interesting that neither the Jews nor the Christians make the claim that these verses reveal scientific information , but Muslims make that claim even though the verse is stolen from the Bible ?
What this tells us about the state of the mind of Muslims ?
Does n't this show they are insecure and desperate to validate their illogical faith by clinging to any straw ?
6 . Does the Qur'an distinguish synodic and siderial months ?
Dr. Mansour Hassab - Elnaby claims , " Quranic verse ( 10:5 ) discriminates between the synodic period for knowing the number of years and the real sidereal period for reckoning in scientific calculations . "
Here is the verse in question :
It is He Who made the sun to be a shining glory and the moon to be a light [ wrong .
Moon is not a source of light ] , and measured out stages for her ; that ye might know the number of years and the count .
10:5
This verse in no way discriminates between synodic and siderial months .
Dr. Hassab - Elnaby is engaging in wishful thinking .
7. The Islamic Divine Comedy
In their quest to find miracles in the Qur'an , Muslims unwittingly make , not only Islam , but the entire Divine system look like a joke .
Our good doctor says , " The verse begins with a reference to a certain " cosmic affair " which GOD creates and commands .
This affair travels , permanently through the whole universe between the heavens and the Earth , so speedily that it crosses in ONE DAY a maximum distance in space equivalent to that which the moon passes during ONE THOUSAND LUNAR YEAR ( i.e. during 12000 Sidereal months ) . "
This erudite Muslim is wrong again .
Arabs count the synodic months that are 29.5 days and not the siderial months that are 27.3 days .
The Qur'an is clear that these thousand years are of what you count .
" Only synodic months can be observed and counted .
Siderial months are not observable and as the doctor himself rightly points out they are " for reckoning in scientific calculations . "
As I showed in section 1 , in 1000 lunar years the Moon orbits the Earth 12,967 times and not 12,000 times .
Dr. Hassab - Elnaby makes many deliberate errors to doctor his miracle .
" Affairs traveling permanently through the whole universe at speed of light ? "
Is he talking about UFOs ?
Now , when it comes to the Universe , the speed of light is not really that fast .
It is a very slow way for God to run his affairs .
These " cosmic affairs " traveling at the speed of light take one full day to reach the Earth .
If you are in peril , forget about asking Allah for help .
By the time he sends you his succor , a day is passed and that is often too late .
Consider yourself lucky because Allah is only one light day away from the Earth ( I thought Muhammad said he is closer to us than our jugular vein ) .
He lives just around the corner of our solar system .
Think of other poor creatures that live hundreds or thousands light years away , or those who live in galaxies that are millions or billions light years away from God .
How can
God run his affairs in those galaxies when the communication is so slow ?
For all intent and purposes , as far as those far away galaxies are concerned God does not exist .
Just as their light hardly reach us , and when it does it is after millions of years the " affairs of Allah " can hardly reach them .
In his zeal to ascribe miracles to the prosaic book of Muhammad , Dr. Hassab - Elnaby throws out of the window the concept of omnipresence of God altogether .
The maker of the Universe , according to this Muhammadan , depends on the speed of light to manage his affairs .
It is pathetic that in this day of science and enlightenment , over a billion otherwise normal people , many of whom doctors and educated , should still follow an ignoramus of the seventh century and waste their time trying to find meaning and even miracles in his asinine balderdash .
This should tell you everything you need to know about Muslim intelligentsia .
The fact that Islamicity.com , arguably the most prestigious Islamic site has published this gobbledygook proves the intellectual bankruptcy of the ummah .
Islam is a joke .
It is an irony that so many smart people have reduced themselves into jokers and laughing stocks for mankind .
The more Muslims try to make Islam look logical and scientific the more ridiculous THEY look .
FEMALE BEES PRODUCE HONEY
Islamists claim that it is mentioned in quran that only female bees can produce honey .
Which is miracleous .
Here is full claim :
" And Your lord inspired the bee , to build your dwellings in hills , on trees , and in ( human ’s ) habitations .
Then , to eat of all the produce and follow the ways of your Lord made easy .
There comes forth from their bodies a drink of varying colour , wherein is healing for men : Verily , in this is a sign for those who give thought . "
( The Quran , 16:68 - 69 )
The imperative " build " above is the translation of the Arabic word " attakhithi " , which is the feminine form ( Arabic grammar unlike English , differentiates between the sexes ) .
The feminine form is used when all of those it refers to are female , whereas the masculine is used when a group consists of at least 1 male .
Therefore the Quran is in fact saying " build , you female bees . . "
A swarm of bees , which collect honey and build the hive , are female only .
Thus , the phrasing of this command is in agreement with the scientific fact that male bees do not partake in the construction of the hive .
Microscopes were not invented until 1610 , when Galileo invented one of the first microscopes almost a thousand years after Prophet Muhammad ( peace be upon him ) .
It is only Allah , the Creator of all things , who revealed such details over 1,423 years ago .
This one word of the Quran is sufficient to prove that Quran is from non other than Allah ! ( source )
Rebuttal
The belief that worker bees are female existed at least from a time dating back to Aristotle and perhaps much before him .
Describing the various theories about the bees prevalent in his time , Aristotle wrote : “ Others , again , assert that these insects copulate , and that the drones are male and the bees female . ”
[ History of Animals , Book 5 , Ch. 21 ]
Aristotle observed that the brood of drones appears even when there is no ruler bee in the hive .
This is an accurate observation .
As we know today , unfertilized female workers can lay eggs in the absence of a queen , but the eggs develop into drones .
Aristotle gave a fairly accurate description of the bees with only few mistakes like confusing the gender of the Queen and calling it King .
Aristotle lived in 350 BC or 1000 years before Muhammad .
Therefore , the concept of bees being female was not an invention of Muhammad .
In fact the word bee in Arabic
What Muhammad said about bees ?
” And thy Lord taught the Bee to build its cells in hills , on trees , and in ( men 's ) habitations ; ” [ Q 16.068 ]
That is all the information there is in the Quran about the bees .
There is nothing ground breaking in what we see in this verse .
This is something that not only people , but also the bears and the birds know .
So Muhammad states something obvious known to everyone including animals .
What is the miracle in this verse ?
The “ miracle ” as Muslims claim is that Muhammad refers to bees in female gender .
The word bee in Arabic is nahla .
This word was not invented by Muhammad .
This is an Arabic word used by everyone who speaks Arabic .
The word is feminine .
In Arabic some words are feminine some are masculine .
The fact that Muhammad uses an Arabic word that happens to be feminine is no indication that he was the first who discovered bees are female .
In fact not all bees are female .
The gender of the worker bees was already known to everyone at least for 1000 years before Muhammad .
All Arabs used the same word even before Muhammad .
Why Muhammad should be called a miracle - maker and they who taught Muhammad the word should be called " ignorant " , as Muhammad disparagingly referred to all those who lived before him ?
QURAN PREDICTED BLACK HOLES AND PULSARS
INTRODUCTION
Harun Yahya makes many claims of Quranic Science .
This article seeks to debunk two such claims , namely that the Quran predicted black holes and pulsars .
I will show the absurdity of the black hole claim , while showing the pulsar claim to be conjectural and devoid of factual basis .
In doing so , I will also show Harun Yahya ’s self - contradiction as he used the same Quranic verse to ‘ prove ’ both the black hole and the pulsar .
Now , even to the uninitiated , it would seem impossible for something to be both a black hole and a pulsar .
However , Islamists do not appear to be inhibited by such constraints of logic .
ANALYSIS
Quote :
http://www.harunyahya.com/ articles/ramadan_2004/ramadan_ pages_2004_day30.php
http://www.miraclesofthequran.
com/scientific_37.html
http://www.answering- christianity.com/ac20.htm
BLACK HOLES Haroon
Yahya wrote to his site : “ The 20th century saw a great many new discoveries regarding celestial phenomena in the universe .
One of these entities , which has only recently been encountered , is the Black Hole .
These are formed when a star which has consumed all its fuel collapses in on itself , eventually turning into a black hole with infinite density and zero volume and an immensely powerful magnetic field .
We are unable to see black holes even with the most powerful telescope , because their gravitational pull is so strong that light is unable to escape from them .
However , such a collapsed star can be perceived by means of the effect it has on the surrounding area .
In Surat al - Waqi'a , Allah draws attention this matter in this way , by swearing upon the position of stars :
And I swear by the stars ' positions - and that is a mighty oath if you only knew .
( Qur'an , 56:75 - 76 ) ”
This verse does n’t say anything about a collapsed star .
Only the position of the stars .
It is the conjecture of the Islamist that the verse refers to collapsed stars .
In fact , some translations allude to shooting or falling stars , i.e. meteors .
Khalifa : I swear by the positions of the stars .
Yusuf Ali : Furthermore I call to witness the setting of the Stars , - Pickthall : Nay , I swear by the places of the stars - Shakir : But nay !
I swear by the falling of stars ; Sher Ali : Nay , I cite as proof the shooting of the stars - " Progressive Muslims " : I swear by the positions of the stars .
This surah does not speak about black holes at all , but about the Day of Decision ( aka Day of Judgment ) .
Therefore , it cannot possibly refer to black holes which were formed and continue to be formed long before this specific day .
Shakir :
77:0 In the name of Allah , tho Beneficent , the Merciful .
77:1 I swear by the emissary winds , sent one after another ( for men's benefit ) , 77:2
By the raging hurricanes , 77:3 Which scatter clouds to their destined places , 77:4
Then separate them one from another , 77:5 Then I swear by the angels who bring down the revelation , 77:6 To clear or to warn .
77:7
Most surely what you are threatened with must come to pass .
77:8
So when the stars are made to lose their light , 77:9 And when the heaven is rent asunder , 77:10 And when the mountains are carried away as dust , 77:11 And when the apostles are gathered at their appointed time .
77:12 To what day is the doom fixed ?
77:13
To the day of decision .
He further claimed :
“ Moreover , stars of great mass also cause warps to be perceived in space .
Black holes , however , do not just cause warps in space but also tear holes in it .
That is why these collapsed stars are known as black holes .
This fact may be referred to in the verse about stars , and this is another important item of information demonstrating that the Qur'an is the Word of Allah :
[ I swear ] by Heaven and the Tariq !
And what will convey to you what the Tariq is ?
The Star Piercing [ the darkness ] !
( Qur'an , 86:1 - 3 ) ”
The verse actually refers to Tariq , a specific star .
Some say it is the morning star ( Pickthall and Sher Ali ) .
Firstly , a star that pierces the darkness ( or has piercing brightness ) cannot be a black hole .
Secondly , if the reference by Pickthall and Sher Ali is correct , the Tariq or morning star is Venus , a planet and not a star [ link ] .
Even some Islamists believe that the Tariq could be Saturn or the Pleiades .
[ link ]
Therefore , it would appear Harun Yahya's claim , that the Quran speaks about black holes , cannot be supported by either the reading of the entire surah , or by the scientific facts about black holes .
In fact , Harun Yahya contradicts himself because he used the same Quranic verse to ' prove '
Tariq is a pulsar , as opposed to a black hole .
Truly the miracles of the Quran know no bounds !
http://www.miraclesofthequran.com/scientific_38.html
http://www.harunyahya.com/articles/ramadan_2004/ramadan_pages_2004_day29.php
Quote :
PULSARS : PULSATING STARS
[ I swear ] by Heaven a nd the Tariq !
And what will convey to you what the Tariq is ?
The Star Piercing [ the darkness ] !
( Qur'an , 86:1 -3 ) Pulsars are the remains of extinguished stars which emit very powerful , pulse - like radio waves and which revolve very rapidly around their own axes .
It has been calculated that there are more than 500 pulsars in the Milky Way , of which our Earth is a part .
The word " Tariq , " name of the Sura 86 , comes from the root " tarq , " whose basic meaning is that of striking hard enough to produce a sound , or hitting .
Bearing in mind the word 's possible meaning as " beating , " " striking hard , " our attention may be being drawn in this sura to an important scientific fact .
Before analysing this information , let us look at the other words employed in the verse to describe these stars .
The term " alttariqi " in the above verse means a star that pierces the night , that pierces the darkness , born at night , piercing and moving on , beating , striking , or sharp star .
Furthermore , the term " waal " draws attention to the things being sworn on - the heaven and the Tariq .
Through research carried out by Jocelyn Bell Burnell , at Cambridge University in 1967 , a regular radio signal was identified .
Until that time , however , it was not known that that there was a heavenly body that could be the source of regular pulse or beating rather like that of the heart .
In 1967 , however , astronomers stated that , as matter grows denser in the core as it revolves around its own axis , the star 's magnetic field also grows stronger , and thus gives rise to a magnetic field at its poles 1 trillion times stronger than that of Earth .
They realised that a body revolving so fast and with such a powerful magnetic field emits rays consisting of very powerful radio waves in a conic form at every revolution .
Shortly afterwards , it was also realised that the source of these signals is the rapid revolution of neutron stars .
These newly discovered neutron stars are known as " pulsars . "
These stars , which turn into pulsars through supernova explosions , are of the greatest mass , and are the brightest and fastest moving bodies in the universe .
Some pulsars revolve 600 times a second .
50
The word " pulsar " comes from the verb to pulse .
According to the American Heritage Dictionary , the word means to pulsate , to beat .
Encarta Dictionary defines it as to beat rhythmically , to move or throb with a strong regular rhythm .
Again , according to the Encarta Dictionary , the word " pulsate , " which comes from the same root , means to expand and contract with a strong regular beat .
Following that discovery , it was realised that the phenomenon described in the Qur'an as " tariq , " beating , bore a great similarity to the neutron stars known as pulsars .
Neutron stars form as the nuclei of super giant stars collapse .
The highly compressed and dense matter , in the form of a rapidly revolving sphere , entraps and squeezes most of the star 's weight and magnetic field .
The powerful magnetic field created by these rapidly revolving neutron stars has been shown to cause the emission of powerful radio waves observable on Earth .
In the third verse of Surat at - Tariq the term " alnnajmu alththaqibu , " meaning piercing , piercing and moving on , or opening holes , indicates that Tariq is a bright star that pierces a hole in the darkness and moves on .
The concept of the term " adraka " in the expression " And what will convey to you what the Tariq is ? " refers to comprehension .
Pulsars , formed through the compression of stars several times the size of the Sun , are among those celestial bodies that are hard to comprehend .
The question in the verse emphasizes how hard it is to comprehend this beating star .
( Allah knows best . )
As discussed , the stars described as Tariq in the Qur'an bear a close similarity to the pulsars described in the 20th century , and may reve al to us another scientific miracle of the Qur'an .
Harun Yahya's howlers :
1. Pulsars are hard to comprehend .
Not really .
Their structure is as well understood as many other celestial bodies .
2. Pulsars are the brightest bodies in the universe .
Not really .
Pulsars are weak optical emitters .
Only a few pulsars can be seen with an optical telescope , and only one pulsar is bright enough to be seen reasonably well .
In fact , it was not until 1967 that pulsars were discovered on radio emissions , not optically .
( link )
It is not pulsars but quasars that are the brightest objects in the universe .
( Ref )
http://www.xs4all.nl/~carlkop/brights.html
Are pulsars the strongest radio emitters ?
Not really .
The infrared star NML Cygni sat 1612 megahertz is the strongest radio emission line yet detected .
Other strong radio emitters include radio galaxies such as Cygnus - A , quasars and gas clouds .
3 . Pulsars are the fastest moving bodies in the universe .
Not proven .
There appears some confusion between neutron stars and pulsars .
Whilst it is true that all pulsars are neutron stars , not all neutron stars are pulsars .
The fastest moving stars are neutron stars , such as RX J185635 - 3754 , Barnard ’s star or SGR1900 +14 .
( ref. 1 , ref . 2 )
4 . The term " alttariqi " means a star that pierces the night , that pierces the darkness , born at night , piercing and moving on , beating , striking , or sharp star .
The Islamist gave the definition of the root “ tarq ” as beat or strike hard .
Nowhere is there the implication of ‘ moving on ’ .
So , we ’re left with only a star that pierces .
But does this mean that the Tariq is a pulsar ?
This tafsir defines tariq as way , not a pulsar .
Quote :
The term / tariq / is derived from / tarq / ' to pound ' .
And / tariq / means ' way ' because the path is pounded by the feet of pedestrians .
The term / matraqah / ' a sledge hammer ' is used for pounding iron and materials like this .
And since the doors are closed at night when people arrive they have to pound on them to gain permission to enter , then , that which comes at night is called / tariq / ' the night - visitant ' .
http://www.al-islam.org/enlightening/58.htm
Here is another definition giving the meaning , ‘ night visitor ’ from the root of ‘ knock ’ing of the door .
( ref )
Muhammad Asad reads Taraqa to mean beat something or knock at something .
Quote : * Some commentators assume that what is described here as at - tariq ( " that which comes in the night " ) is the morning - star , because it appears towards the end of the night ; others - like Zamakhshari or Raghib - understand by it " the star " in its generic sense .
Now if we analyze the origin of this noun , we find that it is derived from the verb taraqa , which primarily means " he beat [ something ] " or " knocked [ at something ] " ; hence , taraqa 'l - bab , " he knocked at the door " .
Tropically , the noun signifies " anything [ or " anyone " ] that comes in the night " , because a person who comes to a house by night is expected to knock at the door ( Taj al - Arus ) .
In the Qur'anic mode of expression , at - tariq is evidently a metaphor for the heavenly solace which sometimes comes to a human being lost in the deepest darkness of affliction and distress ; or for the sudden , intuitive enlightenment which disperses the darkness of uncertainty ; or , finally , for divine revelation , which knocks , as it were , at the doors of man 's heart .. and thus fulfils the functions of both solace and enlightenment .
( For my rendering of the adjurative wa as " Consider " , see surah 74 , first half of note 23 . )
http://www.geocities.com/masad02/086.html
Does beat , strike , knock , pound , pierce mean pulse ?
It seems a stretch of the imagination to suggest that .
Hence I contend that the definition of Tariq of beat , pierce , strike , knock , and pound does not suggest the pulsing characteristics of a pulsar .
In terms of piercing the darkness , it would appear pulsars are neither the brightest , nor the strongest radio emitters in the Universe .
Regardless , it would appear that at Tariq refers to a singular star , not a collective of pulsars .
If it is a single pulsar , which one is it ?
Sadly , the Quran does n’t say , leaving the logical conclusion , due to its singular noun , that it refers to something the 7th Century Arabs knew about .
CONCLUSION
The claim that the Quran predicted the modern understanding of Black Holes is not backed by the scientific evidence .
The claim that the Quran predicted the modern understanding of pulsars is conjectural and not supported by the scientific evidence .
It can also be seen that a black hole cannot possibly also be a pulsar .
Thus it appears that Harun Yahya has refuted himself .
Cat ’s Eye Like Nebula
The verse you brought is :
" And when the heaven splitteth asunder and becometh ROSY LIKE PAINT - ( The Noble Quran , 55:37 ) "
In Arabic ( 55:37 :
فَإِذَا
انشَقَّتِ
السَّمَاء
فَكَانَتْ
وَرْدَة ً
كَالدِّهَان ِ
Transliteration : Faithainshaqqati ssamao fakanat wardatan kaalddihan
The literal translation is " when the skies split asunder and becomes rosy red or rosy paint like "
What does this say exactly ?
It says about something that will happen in the future .
was Muhammad pointing to rosy explotions ?
Not at all , because all you want to do is just read the whole chapter focusing especially on the verses before and after 55:37
What this specific chapter has in common is a pop up verse like “ Which is it , of the favors of your Lord that ye deny ? ”
This verses repeating in the chapter many times .
Chapter itself is very much poetic .
Now let ’s read a few verses before and after verses 55:37 ( that means in context ) .
We shall settle your affairs , O you two classes ( djinns and men ) ! ( 55:31 ) ( Sanafrukhu lakum ayyuhal thaqlan )
God , the alleged author of Quran speaks of a day , when he will settle the matters of djinns and men .
God ’s two classes of creatures .
Then which of the Blessings of your Lord will you both ( djinns and men ) deny ?
( 55:32 ) ( Fabi ayyi aalai rabbikuma tukazziban )
No need to interpret this verse .. ;
God asks mankind and djinns how they are going to deny his blessings .
That ’s all .
O assembly of djinns and men !
If you have power to pass beyond the zones of the heavens and the earth , then pass ( them ) !
But you will never be able to pass them , except with authority ( from Allah ) ! ( 55:33 ) [ Ya ma’aashara aljinni walinsi ini istataa ’tum an tanfuthoo min aqtari assamawati waalardi faonfuthoo la tanfuthoona illa bisultan ]
Again see ; god addresses both djinns and human beings .
He alerts none of his creatures can pierce through heaven and earth except with his authority .
To understand this well , one will have to read the verses following .
Then which of the Blessings of your Lord will you both ( djinns and men ) deny ?
( 55:34 )
There will be sent against you both , smokeless flames of fire and ( molten ) brass , and you will not be able to defend yourselves .
( 55:35 ) Yursalu alaykuma shuwatun min narin wanuhasun fala tantasiran
See the beginning of this verse .
It is in future tense .
“ Yursalu= Will be sent "
That signifies of something that is going to happen in future .
Not in past or present , but in future .
Okay let ’s move on .
Then which of the Blessings of your Lord will you both ( djinns and men ) deny ?
( 55:36 ) Then when the heaven is rent asunder , and it becomes rosy or red like red-oil , or red hide .
( 55:37 ) ( Faitha inshaqqati assamao fakanat wardatan ka’ddihan )
This is it .
God will split the heaven and it will become rosy red .
Again something that is going to happen in a certain period .
Move again :
Then which of the Blessings of your Lord will you both ( djinns and men ) deny ?
( 55:38 ) So on that Day no question will be asked of man or jinn as to his sin , ( 55:39 ) ( Fayawmaithin la yusalu an thanbihi insun wala jan )
Here it is :
The day neither man nor djinns will be asked of their sins .
But god will settle the matters in between djinns and human beings .
( As said in verse 55:31 )
But which is that day ?
This present living period ?
Not at all , because nobody has seen djinns so far .
So , the day is yet to occur .
It hangs about in the belly of future .
A certain day .
To make more clear , continue reading …
Then which of the Blessings of your Lord will you both ( djinns and men ) deny ?
( 55:40 )
The Mujrimun ( polytheists , criminals , sinners , etc. ) will be known by their marks ( black faces ) , and they will be seized by their forelocks and their feet .
( 55:41 ) ( Yua’rafu almujrimoona biseemahum fayukhathu binnawasee wal ’aqdam )
Got it …!
It is the Day of Judgment .
Mujrimun= sinners , criminals
It denotes infidels who are n’t believed in Allah and his religion .
They will be known by their marks and will be seized by their forelocks and their feet .
This happens in the Day of Judgment .
QURAN AND ALL CREATION IN PAIRS
INTRODUCTION
It is my observation that some Islamists , particularly those who are Western - educated , strive to prove the validity of the Quran through supposed scientific miracles enclosed therein .
Typically , they quote ‘ vague ’ verses amenable to multiple interpretations and then choose the few interpretations to suit their aims .
Some of these are even quite convincing , particularly when articulated by knowledgeable Islamists and where absolute proof is impossible due to the nature of the question .
This article seeks to debunk just one of these claims , which is the claim that Allah created all creatures in pairs , male and female .
Quran 13.3
Yusuf Ali :
And it is
He who spread out the earth , and set thereon mountains standing firm and ( flowing ) rivers : and fruit of every kind
He made in pairs , two and two :
He draweth the night as a veil o'er the Day .
Behold , verily in these things there are signs for those who consider !
Pickthal : And He it is
Who spread out the earth and placed therein firm hills and flowing streams , and of all fruits
He placed therein two spouses ( male and female ) .
He covereth the night with the day .
Lo ! herein verily are portents for people who take thought .
Shakir : And He it is
Who spread the earth and made in it firm mountains and rivers , and of all fruits
He has made in it two kinds ;
He makes the night cover the day ; most surely there are signs in this for a people who reflect .
Sher Ali : And HE it is
Who spread out the earth and made therein mountains and rivers , and of fruits of every kind HE made therein two sexes .
HE causes the night to cover the day .
Therein , verily , are Signs for a people who reflect .
[ Wahuwa allathee madda al - arda wajaAAala feeha rawasiya waanharan wamin kulli alththamarati jaAAala feeha zawjayni ithnayni yughshee allayla alnnahara inna fee thalika laayatin liqawmin yatafakkaroona ]
Quran 36.36
Yusuf Ali : Glory to God ,
Who created in pairs all things that the earth produces , as well as their own ( human ) kind and ( other ) things of which they have no knowledge .
Pickthal : Glory be to Him
Who created all the sexual pairs , of that which the earth groweth , and of themselves , and of that which they know not !
Shakir : Glory be to Him
Who created pairs of all things , of what the earth grows , and of their kind and of what they do not know .
Sher Ali : Holy is HE
Who created all things in pairs , of what the earth grows and of themselves , and of what they know not .
[ Subhana allathee khalaqa al - azwaja kullaha mimma tunbitu al - ardu wamin anfusihim wamimma la yaAAlamoona ]
Quran 043:012 :
Yusuf Ali :
That has created pairs in all things , and has made for you ships and cattle on which ye ride , Pickthal : He Who created all the pairs , and appointed for you ships and cattle whereupon ye ride .
Shakir : And He
Who created pairs of all things , and made for you of the ships and the cattle what you ride on , Sher Ali : And Who has created pairs of all things , and has made for you ships and cattle whereon you ride , [ Waallathee khalaqa al - azwaja kullaha wajaAAala lakum mina alfulki waal - anAAami ma tarkaboona ]
Quran 051.049 :
Yusuf Ali :
And of every thing
We have created pairs :
That ye may receive instruction .
Pickthal :
And all things
We have created by pairs , that haply ye may reflect .
Shakir :
And of everything
We have created pairs that you may be mindful .
Sher Ali :
And of everything have WE created pairs that you may reflect .
[ Wamin kulli shay - in khalaqna zawjayni laAAallakum tathakkaroona ]
Please note that due to the ‘ richness of the Arabic language ’ and because Allah made the Quran ' clear and easy to understand ' , some Islamists may try to argue that at least some of these verses do not convey the message that ‘ ALL CREATURES ’ are created in pairs , taking the literal or metaphorical sense whichever and whenever suits them best .
For example , a disingenuous Islamist may claim that verse 13:3 refers only to FRUITS , or that verse 36:36 refers only to things grown from the Earth ( i.e. plants ) .
However verses 43:12 and 51:49 make it absolutely clear that Allah created ALL CREATURES in pairs .
There is no ambiguity .
I will ignore the following verses , recognizing the possibility of relevance solely to humans .
Further , their inclusion does not detract from my arguments .
" That He did create in pairs , - male and female , ( The Noble Quran , 53:45 ) " " And of him He made two sexes , male and female .
( The Noble Quran , 75:39 ) " " By ( the mystery of ) the creation of male and female ; ( The Noble Quran , 92:3 ) "
The Islamists Case
PAIRS IN LIVING THINGS ( Ref . )
One of the most recent of all scientific discoveries is that everything in the universe exists in pairs such as male and female among living things .
Now we find that rock crystals also have pairs .
The Qur'an says : And of everything We have created pairs :
That ye may receive Instruction .
Surah Zariyat , 51 : 49 A. Yusuf
All in note 5025 item ( 3 ) says ,
" All things are in twos : sex in plants and animals , by which one individual is complementary to another ; in the subtle forces of nature .
Day and Night , positive and negative electricity , forces of attraction and repulsion : and numerous other opposites , each fulfilling its purpose , and contributing to the working of God 's Universe ; and in the moral and spiritual world .
Love and Aversion , Mercy and Justice , Striving and Rest , and so on ;- all fulfilling their functions according to the Artistry and wonderful Purpose of God .
Everything has its counterpart , or pair , or complement .
God alone is One , with none like Him , or needed to complement Him .
These are noble things to contemplate .
And they lead us to a true understanding of God 's Purpose and Message . "
http://www.science4islam.com/html/sci-04e.html…we find in the following verse more generalizations where Allah Says ; ( And of everything we have created pairs , that ye may receive instruction ) .
The word “ thing we together with the people who preceded us have understood it to be inclusive to contain humans , plants and animals .
Since the Quran has included them all in this verse and told us that all creatures were made up of males and females .
PLANTS CREATED IN PAIRS , MALE AND FEMALE ( Ref )
Previously humans did not know that plants too have male and female gender distinctions .
Botany states that every plant has a male and female gender .
Even the plants that are unisexual have distinct elements of both male and female .
“ ‘ And has sent Down water from the sky . ’
With it have We produced Diverse pairs of plants Each separate from the others . ”
[ Al - Qur’aan 20:53 ]
FRUITS CREATED IN PAIRS , MALE AND FEMALE
“ And fruit Of every kind He made In pairs , two and two . ”
[ Al - Qur’aan 13:3 ]
Fruit is the end product of reproduction of the superior plants .
The stage preceding fruit is the flower , which has male and female organs ( stamens and ovules ) .
Once pollen has been carried to the flower , they bear fruit , which in turn matures and frees its seed .
All fruits therefore imply the existence of male and female organs ; a fact that is mentioned in the Qur’aan .
In certain species , fruit can come from non-fertilized flowers ( parthenocarpic fruit ) e.g. bananas , certain types of pineapple , fig , orange , vine , etc .
They also have definite sexual characteristics .
EVERYTHING MADE IN PAIRS
“ And of everything We have created pairs . ” [ Al - Qur’aan 51:49 ]
This refers to things other than humans , animals , plants and fruits .
It may also be referring to a phenomenon like electricity in which the atoms consist of negatively – and positively – charged electrons and protons .
“ Glory to Allah , Who created In pairs all things that The earth produces , as well as Their own ( human ) kind And ( other ) things of which They have no knowledge . ”
[ Al - Qur’aan 36:36 ]
The Qur’aan here says that everything is created in pairs , including things that the humans do not know at present and may discover later .
MATTER AND ANTIMATTER
Some Islamists claim the mere existence of antimatter complements to matter , without regard to their relative abundance ( matter dominates in our universe after the first second post the Big Bang ) proves the validity of the ‘ creation in pairs ’ verses , particularly 43:12 , 51:49 , and especially 36:36 ( as in “ pairs of things unknown to them ” ) .
The ‘ things unknown to them ’ part supposedly refers to our modern understanding of particle physics .
The British physicist Paul Dirac , who discovered that matter was created in pairs , won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1933 .
This finding , known as " parity , " revealed the duality known as matter and antimatter .
Antimatter bears the opposite characteristics to matter .
For instance , contrary to matter , antimatter electrons are positive and protons negative .
An Islamist making this sort of claim is Osama Abdallah of Answering - Christianity .
( Ref )
Rebutting the Islamists Case
The case against the Quran and the Islamists is really very simple .
All one has to do is to show that not all creatures are ‘ created ’ in pairs .
My opinion is that Muhammad , being the camel - riding , scimitar - wielding , raping & pillaging desert bandit that he was , did n’t have access to a microscope or a good Level 1 biology textbook .
Therefore , he could n’t have known about asexual organisms , parthenogenetic organisms , or hermaphrodites .
It was all too easy for Muhammad to observe male and female humans , camels , dogs , and even devils , jinns , and angels .
But as he had no idea about micro-organisms and herpetology he was unaware that he was mistaken in his belief that all creatures came in males and females .
The alternative theses are also interesting : either Allah forgot
He created asexual , parthenogenetic , and hermaphroditic organisms ; Allah forgot to tell Jibreel ; Jibreel did n’t listen to Allah ; or Jibreel forgot to tell Muhammad .
Given this glaring mistake that all creatures are created in ( male - female ) pairs it is clear that Muhammad made up the Quran .
1 . The Quran leaves out asexual organisms .
( Ref )
Asexual reproduction is found in the majority of living organisms , including most plants , protists ( e.g. bacteria , protozoans , and unicellular algae and fungi ) , and many lower invertebrates such as tapeworms .
Other examples of asexual reproductive organisms are hydrae and many lower plants ( e.g. ferns ) .
Some organisms are also capable of regeneration , a specialized form of asexual reproduction , for example starfish , polyps , zebrafish , flatworms , newts , and salamanders .
Many plants are capable of total regeneration .
Among animals , the lower the form , the more capable it is of total regeneration ; no vertebrates have this power ( except artificially in the lab ) .
Regeneration is closely allied to vegetative reproduction , the formation of a new individual by various parts of the organism not specialized for reproduction .
The highest animals that exhibit vegetative reproduction are the colonial tunicates ( e.g. sea squirts ) , which , much like plants , send out runners in the form of stolons , small parts of which form buds that develop into new individuals .
( Note that hydra and jellyfish and many primarily asexual organisms are also capable of sexual reproduction – however many simple organisms like bacterial , yeasts and Fungi Imperfecti are totally asexual ) .
2 . The Quran leaves out hermaphrodites .
Some creatures , including plants , are totally hermaphrodites .
For example , sponges , snails , the slug - like sea hare , and some kinds of deep - sea arrow worms are hermaphrodites , that is , they have both sexes in one body .
Some creatures also change their sex during their life - cycles : Quahogs ( hard - shell clams ) are born and grow up male , but later half of them turn female .
Slipper shells and cup and saucer shells do this too ; they commence every season as males , but nearly all of them later pass through a phase of ambisexuality and turn into adult females .
Some species change sex depending on their environment , such as the marine worm Ophryotrocha , if the portly young females are later underfed they revert back into males again .
Some fish can also change sex spontaneously , for example some groupers and guppies .
( Ref
Update and Report on Fedora August 2008 Intrusion
From : " Paul W. Frields " < stickster gmail com >
To : fedora - announce - list < fedora - announce - list redhat com >
Subject : Update and Report on Fedora August 2008 Intrusion
Date : Mon , 30 Mar 2009 10:00:15 - 0400
This communication provides additional information on the Fedora infrastructure intrusion first reported on August 14 , 2008 .
In part this communication reiterates information provided in previous announcements .
On August 12 , 2008 , a failed cron job on a Fedora host reported an error to the Fedora system administrators .
While investigating the source of this error , the sysadmins reviewed the recent logs and discovered that the package complement on the host had changed .
Further investigation showed that changes were the result of tampering by an intruder .
Once the extent of the problem was discovered , we notified the community : https://www.redhat.com/archives/fedora-announce-list/2008-August/msg00008.html
The compromise was not the result of a software vulnerability , and as we have previously stated , our investigation has revealed no such vulnerabilities .
Instead , the intruder took a copy of a SSH private key which was not secured with a passphrase from a system outside the Fedora infrastructure .
The intruder then used that key , which belonged to a Fedora administrator , to access Fedora systems .
In addition , based on system log sudo entries , we believe the intruder also compromised that user 's password .
New security policies for Fedora administrators directly address the further safeguarding of keys , as noted below .
The Fedora package signing key was present on a system to which the intruder had access during the time of the event , but the results of our investigation did not lead us to believe the intruder accessed the key .
The intruder used the account 's privileges to build modified versions of openssh and rpm .
These packages would have allowed the intruder to capture the passphrases of unwitting users on our build system , or the passphrase used to secure the package signing key .
With the signing key 's passphrase and access to that key , the intruder would have been able to fraudulently sign packages .
The intruder did deploy the modified packages , and the modified SSH package may have captured passphrases for a short time .
However , the investigation supports the conclusion that the modified packages were discovered before anyone accessed the system to sign any packages using the modified RPM package .
Therefore , we do not believe the intruder ever had access to the passphrase to the signing key .
Nevertheless , previous announcements have explained clearly the precautionary reasons for our earlier decision to deploy a new package signing key .
Details on the process and progress of the signing key changes can be found here : https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/New_signing_key
The modified packages were only installed on a small number of Fedora infrastructure systems , and therefore we do not believe Fedora account holders were at significant risk during the time the intruder had these packages in place .
We also required passphrase and SSH key changes from Fedora users , to increase our confidence going forward .
To reiterate , our analysis supports our initial findings that the Fedora Project infrastructure delivered no software compromised by the intruder to any of its mirrors , or the master repository from which they synchronize content .
Our investigation also shows that the intrusion affected only a few internal Fedora infrastructure servers .
Most of the mitigation work done by the Fedora Infrastructure team was precautionary , and allows us to have higher confidence in our present and future work .
The Fedora Infrastructure team quickly responded to the threat , isolated the systems in question from the network , made snapshots of affected hosts , assessed the damage , and proceeded to rebuild Fedora 's entire infrastructure essentially from scratch .
By the end of the first week after the event , most essential systems were functioning nominally again .
The remainder of the work took close to three weeks to complete fully , and return all systems to normal status .
To increase our security posture , the Fedora Infrastructure team now requires all members of the Fedora system administrator groups to use passphrases on their private keys .
That policy is found , along with other policies of the Infrastructure team , here : http://infrastructure.fedoraproject.org/csi/security-policy/
The Infrastructure team is also actively developing a Community Services Infrastructure project ( http://fedorahosted.org/csi) and supporting documentation to include these lessons in their guidance .
Team members have also worked on deploying SELinux throughout our infrastructure as well as an audit and prelude intrusion detection system for added good measure .
Furthermore , the Fedora release engineering team is also leading efforts on further improvements and refinements to Fedora 's package signing system and procedures .
Community members are invited to contact the appropriate Fedora team if they wish to get involved in any of these processes .
The specific facts that emerged during the investigation , which was international in nature , made it necessary to restrict information flowing to the public , to avoid damaging the effectiveness of the investigation .
That restriction has been unfortunate , and is not in the ordinary spirit of openness and transparency with which we strive to define the Fedora Project .
We appreciate the patience and support the Fedora community has given us over the past several months .
We also wish to express our thanks for the technical assistance of the security response team at Red Hat .
This report concludes the matter from the Fedora Project 's perspective , and provides a final accounting of the intrusion event and response by the Fedora infrastructure and management teams .
Following is a detailed time line , in UTC , of activities by Fedora contributors .
= = = = = 2008-08-12 01:00:00 - Last packaging signing process from a Fedora admin .
Key would have been on host temporarily up until this time .
2008-08-12 07:49:05 - Standard Fedora ' pkgconfig ' package installed by the intruder .
This package is required to build an ' openssh ' package .
Intruder proceeds to build a modified ' openssh ' package .
2008-08-12 08:10:46 - modified ' openssh ' package installed by intruder .
2008-08-12 17:46:50 - Standard Fedora ' gettext ' package installed by intruder .
This package is required to build an ' rpm ' package .
2008-08-12 20:18:36 - Standard Fedora ' mc ' package installed by intruder , possibly for convenience of stealth .
2008-08-12 21:33:59 - Bacula backup started ( scheduled job ) 2008-08-12 22:01:54 - Bacula backup Ended 2008-08-12 22:31:51 - modified ' rpm ' package installed ( along with standard Fedora package dependencies for ' rpm ' ) .
2008-08-12 22:51:00 - Cron job failed , notified admins .
2008-08-12 22:53:00 - Fedora
Infrastructure admins first noticed and started poking around at why RPM had changed .
2008-08-12 23:11:00 - Infrastructure team lead is notified and more prodding begins .
2008-08-12 23:38:00 - Infrastructure team members gather for discussions on dedicated , private IRC channel and conference call .
2008-08-13 01:50:00 -
It becomes more clear that a script is not at fault .
LVM snapshot taken .
2008-08-13 04:00:14 - Bacula backup ( during the intrusion ) restored to secure location 2008-08 - 13 04:04:14 - Discovery of an RPM in / root /.ssh / provides proof of malicious intent .
2008-08-13 04:05:00 - Red
Hat security team notified .
2008-08-13 04:46:00 - Compromised host prohibited from routing out or in .
All machines on its network are preventing access from it .
Outbound connections logged .
2008-08-13 05:16:00 - Fedora Project Leader notified .
2008-08-13 06:13:00 -
Host state saved ( Xen guest ) .
We have a running copy of the host as it was without a reboot .
2008-08-13 06:14:00 - Users who have accessed the machine during the intrusion advised to change their passwords and SSH keys .
2008-08-13 10:13:00 - Work continues in concert with Red Hat security team members .
Preliminary announcement prepared 2008-08 - 14 17:36:00 -
All passwords and SSH keys disabled .
2008-08-14 23:15:13 - Preliminary announcement to fedora - announce - list , 1+19:11 after initial determination of malicious event .
2008-08-15 02:47:00 -
All administrator access forced to shell access only for partial re-enabling of account system .
2008-08-15 12:00:00 - ( approximate ) Fedora 's package build system , koji , patched to revoke all access .
2008-08-15 13:11:00 -
Last package build routine allowed to complete before shutdown .
Comprehensive verification of the build system database contents begins , comparing against known source for malicious content .
2008-08-16 15:30:03 - Update announcement to fedora - announce - list , 3+11:26 after initial determination of malicious event .
2008-08-17 22:34:00 - Members of sysadmin - web group allowed back on app servers .
2008-08-18 04:06:31 - Primary content verification of build system and CVS completed .
2008-08-18 18:06:00 - CVS admins allowed back on servers , and handle additional verification for hosted projects .
2008-08-19 02:07:45 - Update announcement to fedora - announce - list , 5+22:03 after initial determination of malicious event .
2008-08-19 02:37:00 - Hosted project verification completed , and Fedora Hosted back online .
2008-08-19 20:19:00 - Anonymous access via cvspserver allowed .
2008-08-20 02:53:00 - Writable access to cvs1 reactivated .
2008-08-20 18:35:00 - Koji build system officially open and building again .
2008-08-22 12:00:02 - Update announcement to fedora - announce - list , 9+07:56 after initial determination of malicious event .
2008-09-19 02:41:29 - Update announcement to fedora - announce - list , 37+22:37 after initial determination of malicious event .
Investigation and issue resolution continues .
2009-03-30 14:00:00 - Final report to fedora - announce - list , 229+9:56 after initial determination of malicious event .
= = = = = -- Paul W. Frields http://paul.frields.org/ gpg fingerprint : 3DA6 A0 AC 6D58 FEC4 0233 5906 ACDB C937 BD11 3717 http://redhat.com/
- - - - http://pfrields.fedorapeople.org/ irc.freenode.net : stickster @ # fedora - docs , # fedora - devel , # fredlug
Why did Barack Obama choose to come all the way to Denver to sign the economic recovery package this week ?
Did he throw a dart at a map ?
Was he courting Western swing states ?
Or did he just want a junket to a metropolis that Americans tell pollsters is the most desirable in the nation ?
I ’m betting the choice ( perhaps subconsciously ) reflected Obama ’s affinity for geographic symbolism .
This is the presidential candidate who launched his campaign at the site of Abraham Lincoln ’s historic “ house divided ” speech and who delivered his own famous address on race at Philadelphia ’s Constitution Center .
So it ’s a safe wager that the president had a metaphor in mind when he celebrated the bill ’s passage along the Front Range .
The setting told America that the toughest terrain is ahead .
Denver , after all , is more than a “ heartland ” locale that screams “ outside the Beltway ” — it is an outpost that warns visitors .
From 19th century pioneers to 20th century beatniks to 21st century roadtrippers , most cross-country travelers on romantic odysseys west believe they ’ve almost completed their voyage when they first hit the Denver city line .
They look at the tumbleweed and ranchland on the outskirts of town and tell themselves they can smell the Pacific Ocean ’s salty mist .
Then they see that wall of snow - capped peaks and realize the most grueling trek is still ahead .
That ’s where we are right now .
In the euphoric , sky ’s- the - limit journey that began on Election Night , America is standing here in Denver contemplating a menacing horizon .
The stimulus bill , while essential , was merely our gentle rise up through the Great Plains .
In unleashing a flood of deficit spending and avoiding tax increases , the legislation did n’t threaten moneyed interests , did n’t alter the existing economic topography , and therefore did n’t attract the hostility from business groups that typically prevents “ hope ” from becoming “ change . ”
From here , though , the highway starts looking like Interstate 70 at Idaho Springs — steeper and more treacherous .
The avalanches of corporate money and the gale - force gusts of lobbyist opposition that the stimulus evaded will now be ever - present as bills to tighten financial regulation , strengthen union rights , limit carbon emissions and transform our health care system begin marching forward .
Initiatives like these aim to scale Rocky Mountain - sized problems and confront a plutocracy making billions off the status quo .
Wall Street speculators steal from pensioners as our government bails out the thieves ; employers pilfer from workers with the help of labor laws that undermine unions ; oil companies profiteer off products that are warming the Earth ; and heath insurers jack up premiums and ration coverage .
The road called “ reform ” that cuts through this craggy political landscape is littered with legislative corpses , as these interests have done — and will do — everything possible to protect their bottom line .
Obama seems to know this reality .
He is carefully plotting his next tactical decisions — when to stage particular climbs , which passes to traverse , what cliffs to avoid .
But with the stakes so high , one decision must be a foregone conclusion : the decision about whether to proceed .
Turning back now or staying put is not an option .
We ’re past the point of no return .
KHARTOUM ( Reuters ) -
Three foreign aid workers kidnapped in Sudan ’s Darfur region were freed on Saturday by captors who an official said were protesting over an international arrest warrant against the country ’s president .
The aid workers from the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) were seized from their base on Wednesday after the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for President Omar Hassan al - Bashir on charges of orchestrating war crimes in Darfur .
MSF Belgium ’s general director Christopher Stokes told a news conference in Brussels MSF had paid no ransom .
He said the group was reconsidering its operations at the scene of one of the world ’s worst humanitarian crises .
“ We are as a movement ... not able today to determine the level at which we are able to maintain our assistance in Darfur .
This includes all projects in Darfur , ” he added .
The three were welcomed back in Khartoum by MSF staff late on Saturday .
A Sudanese guard held along with them stayed behind in the regional center of El Fasher .
North Darfur governor Osman Yusuf Kibir , who accompanied the freed aid workers to Khartoum , said kidnappers calling themselves the Eagles of Bashir had freed them at an agreed site in north Darfur .
He told reporters negotiations had begun on Thursday on a telephone number the pro-government kidnappers had left behind .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ They said they kidnapped the foreigners for the sake of the nation and they released them for the sake of the nation .
It was an expression of their rejection of the unjust measure against the nation ’s sovereignty and the symbol of the nation , ” said Kibir , referring to the arrest warrant against Bashir .
“ We told them if you want to serve the interest of the nation you should release them .
Thank god they did , without any ransom .
I repeat there was no ransom , and they made no other demands , ” he said .
One of the male hostages appeared on state television , which did not name him .
“ I just will like to say to everybody we are safe , we are here , we are in good health and we will maybe be more talkative a bit later on , ” he said .
EXPULSIONS
The seizure of the three foreign staff along with a Sudanese national sent shockwaves through the region ’s humanitarian community .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
MSF identified the kidnapped workers as Canadian nurse Laura Archer , Italian doctor Mauro D’Ascanio , French coordinator Raphael Meunier and Sudanese guard Sharif Mohamadin .
A second Sudanese staff member who was originally kidnapped with the group in the north Darfur town of Saraf Omra was released soon after the abduction .
Sudan expelled 13 international aid groups from the north of the country after the ICC warrant was issued , accusing them of passing information to the court , an accusation the groups deny .
MSF ’s Dutch and French arms were ordered to leave but its Belgian operation was not expelled .
Aid groups have said they have faced growing antagonism in Darfur since the arrest warrant was issued .
After the abductions , MSF said it was suspending all its remaining operations in Darfur and was pulling around 30 foreign staff back to Khartoum for security reasons .
U.N. officials have warned that the expulsions and the closure of three Sudanese aid groups after the ICC warrant could have a devastating impact on hundreds of thousands of people in strife - hit regions across north Sudan .
Before the expulsions , the United Nations and aid groups were running the world ’s largest humanitarian operation in Darfur where , international experts say almost six years of fighting has uprooted 2.7 million people .
JEFF DONN
Associated Press Writers U.S. manufacturers , including major drugmakers , have legally released at least 271 million pounds of pharmaceuticals into waterways that often provide drinking water — contamination the federal government has consistently overlooked , according to an Associated Press investigation .
Hundreds of active pharmaceutical ingredients are used in a variety of manufacturing , including drugmaking :
For example , lithium is used to make ceramics and treat bipolar disorder ; nitroglycerin is a heart drug and also used in explosives ; copper shows up in everything from pipes to contraceptives .
Federal and industry officials say they do n't know the extent to which pharmaceuticals are released by U.S. manufacturers because no one tracks them — as drugs .
But a close analysis of 20 years of federal records found that , in fact , the government unintentionally keeps data on a few , allowing a glimpse of the pharmaceuticals coming from factories .
As part of its ongoing PharmaWater investigation about trace concentrations of pharmaceuticals in drinking water , AP identified 22 compounds that show up on two lists : the EPA monitors them as industrial chemicals that are released into rivers , lakes and other bodies of water under federal pollution laws , while the Food and Drug Administration classifies them as active pharmaceutical ingredients .
The data do n't show precisely how much of the 271 million pounds comes from drugmakers versus other manufacturers ; also , the figure is a massive undercount because of the limited federal government tracking .
To date , drugmakers have dismissed the suggestion that their manufacturing contributes significantly to what 's being found in water .
Federal drug and water regulators agree .
But some researchers say the lack of required testing amounts to a ' do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy about whether drugmakers are contributing to water pollution .
" It does n't pass the straight - face test to say pharmaceutical manufacturers are not emitting any of the compounds they 're creating , " said Kyla Bennett , who spent 10 years as an EPA enforcement officer before becoming an ecologist and environmental attorney .
Pilot studies in the U.S. and abroad are now confirming those doubts .
Last year , the AP reported that trace amounts of a wide range of pharmaceuticals — including antibiotics , anti-convulsants , mood stabilizers and sex hormones — have been found in American drinking water supplies .
Including recent findings in Dallas , Cleveland and Maryland 's Prince George 's and Montgomery counties , pharmaceuticals have been detected in the drinking water of at least 51 million Americans .
Most cities and water providers still do not test .
Some scientists say that wherever researchers look , they will find pharma - tainted water .
Consumers are considered the biggest contributors to the contamination .
We consume drugs , then excrete what our bodies do n't absorb .
Other times , we flush unused drugs down toilets .
The AP also found that an estimated 250 million pounds of pharmaceuticals and contaminated packaging are thrown away each year by hospitals and long - term care facilities .
Researchers have found that even extremely diluted concentrations of drugs harm fish , frogs and other aquatic species .
Also , researchers report that human cells fail to grow normally in the laboratory when exposed to trace concentrations of certain drugs .
Some scientists say they are increasingly concerned that the consumption of combinations of many drugs , even in small amounts , could harm humans over decades .
Utilities say the water is safe .
Scientists , doctors and the EPA say there are no confirmed human risks associated with consuming minute concentrations of drugs .
But those experts also agree that dangers cannot be ruled out , especially given the emerging research .
___
Two common industrial chemicals that are also pharmaceuticals — the antiseptics phenol and hydrogen peroxide — account for 92 percent of the 271 million pounds identified as coming from drugmakers and other manufacturers .
Both can be toxic and both are considered to be ubiquitous in the environment .
However , the list of 22 includes other troubling releases of chemicals that can be used to make drugs and other products : 8 million pounds of the skin bleaching cream hydroquinone , 3 million pounds of nicotine compounds that can be used in quit - smoking patches , 10,000 pounds of the antibiotic tetracycline hydrochloride .
Others include treatments for head lice and worms .
Residues are often released into the environment when manufacturing equipment is cleaned .
A small fraction of pharmaceuticals also leach out of landfills where they are dumped .
Pharmaceuticals released onto land include the chemo agent fluorouracil , the epilepsy medicine phenytoin and the sedative pentobarbital sodium .
The overall amount may be considerable , given the volume of what has been buried — 572 million pounds of the 22 monitored drugs since 1988 .
In one case , government data shows that in Columbus , Ohio , pharmaceutical maker Boehringer Ingelheim Roxane Inc. discharged an estimated 2,285 pounds of lithium carbonate — which is considered slightly toxic to aquatic invertebrates and freshwater fish — to a local wastewater treatment plant between 1995 and 2006 .
Company spokeswoman Marybeth C. McGuire said the pharmaceutical plant , which uses lithium to make drugs for bipolar disorder , has violated no laws or regulations .
McGuire said all the lithium discharged , an annual average of 190 pounds , was lost when residues stuck to mixing equipment were washed down the drain .
___
Pharmaceutical company officials point out that active ingredients represent profits , so there 's a huge incentive not to let any escape .
They also say extremely strict manufacturing regulations — albeit aimed at other chemicals — help prevent leakage , and that whatever traces may get away are handled by onsite wastewater treatment .
" Manufacturers have to be in compliance with all relevant environmental laws , " said Alan Goldhammer , a scientist and vice president at the industry trade group Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America .
Goldhammer conceded some drug residues could be released in wastewater , but stressed " it would not cause any environmental issues because it was not a toxic substance at the level that it was being released at . "
Several big drugmakers were asked this simple question :
Have you tested wastewater from your plants to find out whether any active pharmaceuticals are escaping , and if so what have you found ?
No drugmaker answered directly .
" Based on research that we have reviewed from the past 20 years , pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities are not a significant source of pharmaceuticals that contribute to environmental risk , " GlaxoSmithKline said in a statement .
AstraZeneca spokeswoman Kate Klemas said the company 's manufacturing processes " are designed to avoid , or otherwise minimize the loss of product to the environment " and thus " ensure that any residual losses of pharmaceuticals to the environment that do occur are at levels that would be unlikely to pose a threat to human health or the environment . "
One major manufacturer , Pfizer Inc. , acknowledged that it tested some of its wastewater — but outside the United States .
The company 's director of hazard communication and environmental toxicology , Frank Mastrocco , said Pfizer has sampled effluent from some of its foreign drug factories .
Without disclosing details , he said the results left Pfizer " confident that the current controls and processes in place at these facilities are adequately protective of human health and the environment . "
It 's not just the industry that is n't testing .
FDA spokesman Christopher Kelly noted that his agency is not responsible for what comes out on the waste end of drug factories .
At the EPA , acting assistant administrator for water Mike Shapiro — whose agency 's Web site says pharmaceutical releases from manufacturing are " well defined and controlled " — did not mention factories as a source of pharmaceutical pollution when asked by the AP how drugs get into drinking water .
" Pharmaceuticals get into water in many ways , " he said in a written statement .
" It 's commonly believed the majority come from human and animal excretion .
A portion also comes from flushing unused drugs down the toilet or drain ; a practice EPA generally discourages . "
His position echoes that of a line of federal drug and water regulators as well as drugmakers , who concluded in the 1990s — before highly sensitive tests now used had been developed — that manufacturing is not a meaningful source of pharmaceuticals in the environment .
Pharmaceutical makers typically are excused from having to submit an environmental review for new products , and the FDA has never rejected a drug application based on potential environmental impact .
Also at play are pressures not to delay potentially lifesaving drugs .
What 's more , because the EPA has n't concluded at what level , if any , pharmaceuticals are bad for the environment or harmful to people , drugmakers almost never have to report the release of pharmaceuticals they produce .
" The government could get a national snapshot of the water if they chose to , " said Jennifer Sass , a senior scientist for the Natural Resources Defense Council , " and it seems logical that we would want to find out what 's coming out of these plants . "
Ajit Ghorpade , an environmental engineer who worked for several major pharmaceutical companies before his current job helping run a wastewater treatment plant , said drugmakers have no impetus to take measurements that the government does n't require .
" Obviously nobody wants to spend the time or their dime to prove this , " he said .
" It 's like asking me why I do n't drive a hybrid car ?
Why should I ?
It 's not required . "
___
After contacting the nation 's leading drugmakers and filing public records requests , the AP found two federal agencies that have tested .
Both the EPA and the U.S. Geological Survey have studies under way comparing sewage at treatment plants that receive wastewater from drugmaking factories against sewage at treatment plants that do not .
Preliminary USGS results , slated for publication later this year , show that treated wastewater from sewage plants serving drug factories had significantly more medicine residues .
Data from the EPA study show a disproportionate concentration in wastewater of an antibiotic that a major Michigan factory was producing at the time the samples were taken .
Meanwhile , other researchers recorded concentrations of codeine in the southern reaches of the Delaware River that were at least 10 times higher than the rest of the river .
The scientists from the Delaware River Basin Commission wo n't have to look far when they try to track down potential sources later this year .
One mile from the sampling site , just off shore of Pennsville , N.J. , there 's a pipe that spits out treated wastewater from a municipal plant .
The plant accepts sewage from a pharmaceutical factory owned by Siegfried Ltd .
The factory makes codeine .
" We have implemented programs to not only reduce the volume of waste materials generated but to minimize the amount of pharmaceutical ingredients in the water , " said Siegfried spokeswoman Rita van Eck .
Another codeine plant , run by Johnson & Johnson subsidiary Noramco Inc. , is about seven miles away .
A Noramco spokesman acknowledged that the Wilmington , Del. , factory had voluntarily tested its wastewater and found codeine in trace concentrations thousands of times greater than what was found in the Delaware River .
" The amounts of codeine we measured in the wastewater , prior to releasing it to the City of Wilmington , are not considered to be hazardous to the environment , " said a company spokesman .
In another instance , equipment - cleaning water sent down the drain of an Upsher - Smith Laboratories , Inc. factory in Denver consistently contains traces of warfarin , a blood thinner , according to results obtained under a public records act request .
Officials at the company and the Denver Metro Wastewater Reclamation District said they believe the concentrations are safe .
Warfarin , which also is a common rat poison and pesticide , is so effective at inhibiting growth of aquatic plants and animals it 's actually deliberately introduced to clean plants and tiny aquatic animals from ballast water of ships .
" With regard to wastewater management we are subject to a variety of federal , state and local regulation and oversight , " said Joel Green , Upsher - Smith 's vice president and general counsel .
" And we work hard to maintain systems to promote compliance . "
Baylor University professor Bryan Brooks , who has published more than a dozen studies related to pharmaceuticals in the environment , said assurances that drugmakers run clean shops are not enough .
" I have no reason to believe them or not believe them , " he said .
" We do n't have peer - reviewed studies to support or not support their claims . "
___
“ It ’s changed how I feel about the day .
I feel very good .
In normal [ times ] , without the lockdown and stuff , it would be harder to start a regime like that . ”
Start out the year right .
I want to let you in on an exciting new Facebook group which has formed just in the last few days .
It 's called the " 365 Club " .
Here 's how it got its beginning :
Dave Ferguson , Lead Pastor of Community Christian Church , Naperville , Illinois , shared on Facebook how he gave Starbuck 's coffee to the staff at a local Kinko's .
They were n't expecting it and Dave wrote about their reaction : " " … you 'd think they won the lottery !
A little generosity goes a long way ! "
Out of that experience , a Facebook group was formed .
365 Club .
It 's for anyone who is committing to do at least 365 random acts of kindness throughout the 2009 year .
It 's based on the premise that everyone expects gifts at Christmas time .
But if a bunch of us made giving a part of our everyday life , we could change the world .
If you 're interested in joining , it 's not too late .
Here 's the link :
365 Club
I got our local paper on January 1 , 2009 .
At the top of the front page was a " Happy New Year " block .
The rest of the front page was nothing but bad news .
Our world needs good news .
It needs the Good News .
Why not show your world what the Good News is ?
Join the group .
Share your journey with the other Club members .
Have a GREAT new year !
Scott Couchenour , certified life coach ( guest blogger )
www.servingstrong.com | www.servingstrong.typepad.com
You do n't have to look very hard to find drug war zealots insisting vociferously that Dutch drug policy is a raging trainwreck .
But the truth is that rates of marijuana use in the Netherlands are far lower than ours , despite the fact that they sell awesome pot over the counter seven days a week to anyone over 18 .
That 's why Dr. Fredrick Polak , a Dutch psychiatrist and drug policy reformer , has spent years trying to get U.N. Drug Czar Antonio Maria Costa to acknowledge and address the success of Dutch marijuana policy .
He 's asked Costa about this on 4 separate occasions so far and each time the U.N. drug czar changed the subject .
Here 's an awesome video of Dr. Polak causing Costa to go a little nuts ( seriously watch it , it rocks ) .
Anyway , Dr. Polak has teamed up with the Hungarian Civil Liberties Union on a campaign to continue confronting Costa until he actually gives an intelligent response ( or admits he does n’t have one ) .
They 're asking for our help and they 've made a cool new site where everyone can participate .
Check it out .
Welcome to my odd , little world of paper toys , holiday cards , valentines , sun boxes ,
baskets and bags , origami and ephemera ... all for you to make .
My goal is to help grownups and kids spend time together making things .
It is my wish to amuse and delight .
Enjoy
Click on a flag to translate this website .
Christmas crafts , Halloween crafts , paperdolls , paper crafts for kids , free patterns , coloring pages , Christmas clipart , greeting cards , Valentine 's day , Santa Claus , Christmas decorations , Christmas trees , Christmas ornament s , free gifts , Thanksgiving , Happy Birthday !
Gifts and Surprises , Chanukah , The Festival of Lights , Christmas , Kwanzaa , New Year 's Day , Groundhog Day , Valentine 's Day , Saint Patrick 's Day , Mother 's Day , Easter , Father 's Day , The Fourth of July , Canada Day , Rosh Hashana and more paper toys and projects as fast as I can make them !
All Material © Marilyn Scott Waters
The Toymaker
Welkom in mijn uitzonderlijke , kleine wereld van papieren speeltjes , feestkaarten , Valentijns , zonnedoosjes ,
mandjes en tasjes , origami en ephemera ...
Allemaal voor jou om te maken .
Mijn doel is om volwassenen en kinderen te helpen om samen tijd door te brengen met het maken van dingen .
Het is mijn wens om te vermaken en te plezieren .
Geniet ,
Marilyn
Benvenuti nel mio strano , piccolo mondo dei giocattoli di carta , biglietti di auguri , San Valentino , scatole da sole ,
cesti e borse , origami ed effimeri ... tutto per voi di fare .
Il mio obiettivo è quello di aiutare adulti e bambini trascorrere del tempo insieme fare le cose .
E 'mio desiderio di divertire e deliziare .
Bem - vindo ao meu mundo , pouco estranho de brinquedos de papel , cartões do feriado , dia dos namorados , caixas de sol ,
cestos e sacos , origami e ephemera episódio tudo para você fazer .
Meu objetivo é ajudar os adultos e crianças passam tempo juntos fazer as coisas .
É o meu desejo para divertir e encantar .
Aproveite , Marilyn
Bienvenue dans mon étrange petit monde de jouets en papier , de cartes de vacances , de cartes de la Saint - Valentin , de boîtes - soleil ,
de paniers et de sacs , d’origami et d’objets éphémères ... tous à faire vous -mêmes .
Mon but est d'aider les adultes et les enfants à passer du temps ensemble à fabriquer des objets .
Mon souhait est de vous divertir et de vous enchanter .
Amusez-vous , Marilyn
Bienvenido a mi mundo extraño , muy poco de los juguetes de papel , tarjetas de vacaciones , valentines , cajas de sol ,
cestas y bolsas , origami y efímero ... todo para que usted haga .
Mi meta es ayudar a los adultos y los niños pasan tiempo juntos haciendo cosas .
Es mi deseo de divertir y deleitar .
Disfrute , Marilyn
Herzlich Willkommen auf meiner ungerade , kleine Welt aus Papier Spielzeug , Feiertagskarten , valentines , Sonne - Boxen ,
Körbe und Taschen , Origami und Ephemera ... alles für Sie zu machen .
Mein Ziel ist es , Erwachsene und Kinder verbringen Zeit miteinander die Dinge .
Es ist mein Wunsch zu amüsieren und zu begeistern .
Genießen Sie ,
Home | Articles | Nutgraph | Contact | About
Israel : nothing Left
Ehud Barak and his followers in Israel ’s Labour party did analysts a huge favour this week .
Like lemmings jumping off a cliff , they settled the question of what was the most remarkable aspect of the recent Israeli election cycle : the rise of the right or the demise of the left .
Their entry into the Netanyahu - Lieberman right wing freak show called a cabinet proves that mainstream progressive politics is now so dead in Israel that it begs the question if it ever really existed ( OK , scoff if you want ) .
Labour had been a dead party walking for a while , riven by defections , threatened with irrelevance over the peace process and ideologically moribund , and it was clobbered in the February elections .
The party ’s dismal fourth place in the polls , behind right wing superman Lieberman , represented a low - point for the movement that founded the state and did it partly on socialist , collectivist principles .
The only possible way to recovery would have been a long stint in the opposition benches , a major rethink , back to the roots etc .
Incredibly , Barak interpreted the election results as a message from the voters that they wanted Labour in the government .
Whatever Barak ’s motives , and let ’s not give him the benefit of the doubt on that score , the result of Labour ’s move is that the left in Israel has ceased to exist as a force .
Tsipi Livni’s Kadima is a Frankenstein ’s monster of a party , stitched together from the soft left and the hard right , that sprung from the hefty loins of the now comatose Ariel Sharon , who narrowly escaped being put on trial for war crimes .
This mongrel party can be called anything but left wing and the fact that it ’s the major force in Israeli politics that is still advocating the two - state solution is as baffling as it is suspect .
Anyway , that party may be over soon .
Kadima is another walking corpse and it ’s the one most likely to start coming apart at the stitches .
That , at least has been the pattern of other upstart big men vehicles in Israel in the past , for example Ben Gurion ’s and Moshe Dayan ’s Rafi party in the 1960 ’s and Yigal Yadin ’s Dash in the 1970’s .
The moment that they have outlived their purpose , i.e. when they do n’t deliver government posts , its different components will scurry back to the richer feeding grounds of their original parties .
This is the only way in which Barak ’s decision makes sense , from a party political point of view .
First , committed right wingers such as Shaul Mofaz , the general who almost single - handedly fanned the flames of the second Palestinian intifadah , and thuggish Tsahi Hanegbi , will run back to the governing Likud party .
Then , some of Kadima ’s centre - left opportunist , maybe Haim Ramon and some others , may return to a Labour party that is at least in power and able to disburse political largesse .
Labour may even overtake Lieberman 's Yisrael Beiteinu again , which might be the ultimate point of the cynical exercise .
But even if Labour regains some of its errant politicians and manages to remain a functioning party , it will forever have lost the right to call itself left wing .
Never mind that it has been complicit in settlement building from the get - go and that Barak approached the peace process as if it were a way to show Palestinian perfidy and never mind that on Labour ’s watch the gap between rich and poor in Israel has become the second biggest in the western world , behind the United States .
Nobody ’s perfect .
But lending a sheen of respectability to one of the nastiest right wing government ’s that the country has ever seen disqualifies it forever from staking any claim to a political ideology .
It would almost be a reason to call for Labour ’s expulsion from the Socialist International .
Almost , because look at the other so - called socialist member parties from around the region : the Kurdish PUK in Iraq and Walid Jumblat ’s PSP in Lebanon .
Israel ’s Labour party actually fits perfectly in that roster of pseudo - socialist feudal one - man shows .
February 26 , 2009
Arab ' Fear ' Of ' Nuclear Iran ' ?
There is ' western ' meme , which was pushed by the Bush administration , that Arab countries fear a ' nuclear Iran ' .
How real is that ?
A few days ago Reuters cited one non-government Arab source and several anonymous ' western ' diplomats when it wrote on how Gulf Arabs fear U.S. - Iran diplomacy at their expense :
Gulf Arab states are beginning to worry that any U.S. rapprochement with Iran could ultimately lead to their worst nightmare -- a nuclear - armed , non-Arab , Shi'ite Muslim superpower in their neighborhood .
...
" We have no objection to Iranian - American negotiations .
On the contrary , we encourage this kind of dialogue as a way of avoiding taking the region into military action , " said Mustafa Alani , at the Dubai - based Gulf Research Center .
" At the same time we have huge concerns that the Americans could give concessions to the Iranians which would undermine our security and be unacceptable to us , " he said .
A few days later AP wrote with same theme also quoting Mustafa Alani .
Mustafa Alani of the Gulf Research Center was born in Iraq and studied and worked extensively in the U.K .
Der Spiegel talked with him too :
When asked about Iran 's nuclear program , Arab politicians ' official answer is that Israel should also get rid of its nuclear weapons .
But that , says Alani , is not the real problem , because the region has had experiences with both Iran and Israel .
" The Arabs have waged wars against Israel .
Israel has never used its nuclear weapons .
The Arabs trust the Israelis , but they do n't trust the Iranians . "
Last July the Guardian also quoted Mustafa Alani in the ' Arabs fear Iran ' context .
It also quoted one Abdullah Alshayji , introduced as a " Kuwaiti analyst " .
Well - Alshayji is also a Foundation Council Member of the Gulf Research Center .
In December 2007 the LA Times headlined Arabs fear Iran may now up the ante in the Mideast .
The first quoted ' expert ' on such such ' fear ' is " Christian Koch , research director for international studies at the Gulf Research Center in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . "
The Gulf Research Centers was founded and is financed by the Saudi businessman Abdulaziz Sager of the Sager Group :
When and where an added value is deemed necessary the Sager Group selectively represents some multinational corporations and assists them in selling their products and services throughout the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia both in the government and private sectors .
Sager Group also provides security services .
( And also prime London real estate ? )
To me it seems that all the ' reporting ' of Arab ' fear ' uses exactly one Arab source - the foundation of the Saudi businessman Abdulaziz Sager and its ' experts ' .
Note that Sager also argued for military rule in Iraq .
But what is the realist Arab opinion ?
Marc Lynch reports :
This afternoon I attended a fascinating conversation with Arab League Secretary - General Amr Moussa hosted by the Carnegie Endowment and moderated by the Washington Post 's David Ignatius .
...
Moussa did n't bite when Ignatius suggested that Arab leaders were urging the U.S. to be tougher on Iran and to hold off on the promised dialogue .
On the contrary , he responded , for the last few years it has been the Americans coming to the Arabs and talking up the Iran threat and not the other way around .
He acknowledged Arab concerns about Iran , but concluded that the Arabs and Iran would have to learn how to co-exist .
As to the Iranian nuclear program , Moussa would only talk about the double - standard surrounding Israeli nuclear weapons .
Will ' official ' media , Reuters , AP , LA Times , now report Amr Moussa 's take or will the continue to promote the ' fear ' theme a Saudi businessman with interest in security services is selling them ?
Posted by b on February 26 , 2009 at 8:40 UTC | Permalink
Comments
If you gave any one of our big tech industries millions of dollars , a team of computer geniuses and cutting edge technology , they would probably waste it on AIDS vaccine research or nanocomputers or something .
Hollywood will invest it in CG penis enhancement .
The reason is sometimes hours of makeup and the perfect lighting still are n't enough to make some stars look like stars .
Welcome to the world of " vanity visual effects . "
Advertisement
7 Angelina Jolie 's Naked Body in Beowulf ( 2007 ) Continue Reading Below Advertisement Beowulf continued the proud tradition of " performance capture " earlier exhibited in Polar Express , where real actors ' bodies and motions are painstakingly captured and digitized into the computer world to play terrifying dead - eyed zombies ( it is believed eye performances were captured separately , from that cupcake dog . )
In Beowulf , Angelina Jolie plays a nude lizard woman .
In an interview , Jolie speaks about how shy she was about having her naked body scanned for the part , which is odd considering that the body you saw in the film came from Rachel Bernstein , who " has made a living winning swimsuit competitions " while " appearing in almost every lingerie catalog in LA . "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
That resume certainly qualifies her for the role , but leaves a few questions unanswered .
Angelina Jolie , by all appearances , has a perfectly fine body , and any worrisome changes due to her three - month pregnancy at the time could have easily been touched up as they freely admitted to doing with the male actors .
" Ugh , she is hideous .
Hire a body double , I 'm gonna puke . "
It might just be a symptom of society 's double standards that actors can freely brag about getting better fake bodies while actresses have to keep up a pretense of being physically perfect .
Or maybe she honestly did n't know .
It certainly seems possible that when Angelina Jolie asked if they needed her to disrobe to have every square inch of her naked boobs scanned into a computer , some unscrupulous devil at the Sony scanning lab conveniently forgot to mention the body double .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Google has asked the European Union 's Competition Commission to let it participate in the antitrust agency 's investigation of rival Microsoft Corp. , joining browser builders Opera and Mozilla in the case .
" We are applying to become a third party in the European Commission 's proceeding , " Sundar Pichai , Google 's vice president of product management , said in a company blog .
Last month , the EU 's commission submitted a preliminary list of charges , or statement of objections , to Microsoft , and accused it of shielding Internet Explorer ( IE ) from competition by bundling it with Windows .
Mozilla Corp. , the maker of Firefox , had earlier been granted " interested third party " status , which allows it to submit arguments to regulators , to see the charge sheet the commission sent Microsoft and to participate in a face - to - face hearing if Microsoft requests one .
The Norwegian browser developer Opera Software ASA filed the original complaint with the commission in late 2007 .
Pichai said Google is getting involved because the field tilts toward Microsoft .
" The browser market is still largely uncompetitive , which holds back innovation for users , " he said .
" This is because Internet Explorer is tied to Microsoft 's dominant computer operating system , giving it an unfair advantage over other browsers . "
Google , which launched its own Chrome only last September , cited such features as browser tabs and privacy modes as some of the things that have appeared because of competition among browser makers .
" We believe that we can contribute to this debate , " added Pichai .
" We learned a lot from launching Chrome last year and are hoping that Google 's perspective will be useful as the commission evaluates remedies . "
Although the commission has not spelled out what actions it might demand Microsoft take , agency spokesman Jonathan Todd has provided some clues .
Microsoft could be fined , forced to let users choose alternate browsers to install in Windows or ordered to allow users to disable IE if a different browser is desired .
Speaking of remedies , Mitchell Baker , the former CEO of Mozilla and currently the chairman of the non-profit Mozilla Foundation , today offered her take on changes Microsoft might be required to make .
In a blog entry of her own , Baker , who has been commenting regularly on the issue since Mozilla joined the case as an interested party , listed several potential cures , but stopped short of calling them recommendations .
One possibility would be to make Microsoft divulge all APIs ( application programming interfaces ) available to IE to other browser builders , while another would be to require Microsoft to offer rival browsers whenever IE or Windows is updated , she said .
Other ideas she offered up ranged from bundling Windows with multiple browsers to including none at all .
" This implementation ... has some obvious drawbacks for users , " Baker acknowledged .
One antitrust expert has called the EU 's investigation pointless .
" I just do n't see what it adds to the final judgment in the U.S. case , " said William Page , the co-author of The Microsoft Case : Antitrust , High Technology , and Consumer Welfare , ( University of Chicago Press , 2009 ) and a member of the faculty of the Levin College of Law at the University of Florida .
" OEMs are already free to delete most of the visible evidence of [ Internet Explorer ] and to install another browser if they want . "
According to Web measurement company Net Applications Inc. , IE accounted for 67.6 % of the browser market in January , the lowest number since the company began compiling data in 2005 .
Firefox , meanwhile , held down a 21.5 % share , while Apple Inc. 's Safari and Google 's Chrome ended the month with 8.3 % and 1.1 % , respectively .
This story , " Google Asks to Join European Antitrust Case Against Microsoft " was originally published by Computerworld .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Back in September , Goldman Sachs received a $ 5 billion capital investment from Warren Buffett that requires interest payments of 10 % .
A month later they received a $ 10 billion capital injection from the Treasury that requires interest payments of only 5 % .
Given that Buffett ’s terms are far more onerous , Richard Bove wants to know why Goldman is planning to pay back the Treasury ’s investment :
“ If you were thinking of shareholders first , you would get rid of the most onerous amount first , and that would benefit shareholders … .
However , if you pay off TARP you are eliminating all of the restrictions on paying management , ” Bove told TheStreet.com .
“ You should n’t be diluting existing shareholders to pay off TARP so you can pay management more money . ”
This should become a case study in principal - agent research .
If Goldman management were primarily concerned with shareholder value , they ’d pay off Buffett .
But if they ’re more concerned with their own personal welfare , they ’ll pay off Treasury .
Apparently they ’ve made their choice .
Needless to say , though , they ’re not planning to give up all the other government aid they ’re getting .
From the Washington Post :
Even as they clamor to exit the most prominent part of the bailout program by repaying government investments , firms continue to rely on other federal programs to raise even larger amounts of money … .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. has helped companies [ ] borrow more than $ 336 billion through the end of March , by guaranteeing to repay investors if the firms defaulted .
And financial firms hold more than $ 1 trillion in emergency loans from the Federal Reserve .
Goldman Sachs declared a “ duty ” to repay the Treasury after posting a first - quarter profit .
The chief executives of several large banks at a meeting last month urged President Obama to accept repayments .
But no company has similarly pledged to leave the government ’s other aid programs .
The explanation appears to be simple :
Only the capital investments by the Treasury require the companies to make significant sacrifices , such as restricting executive pay .
“ The capitalization efforts are actually the most important and are doing the most good , but they come with strings attached , and because they come with substantial strings attached they are getting the most push - back from the banks , ” said Douglas Elliott , a financial policy expert at the Brookings Institution .
The other programs “ have no strings attached , ” he said .
“ What ’s not to like about it from the perspective of the banks ? ”
Perhaps it ’s time to attach strings to anyone who takes advantage of any extraordinary aid from the government .
If that happened , I wonder how many of these rock - jawed titans of capitalism would still be willing to put their money where their mouths are ?
UPDATE : It turns out this is less mysterious than I thought .
Apparently Goldman Sachs paid back the Treasury money first because they were required to under the terms of the TARP agreement .
Details here .
Photo : yi [ Flickr ]
It was just a matter of time before someone made it : behold the chicken friend bacon , as photographed by YiMay Yang of Chinese American Princess blog - via Rue the Day .
Heart attack in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ....
As 2009 opened , three weeks before Barack Obama took office , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at 9034 on January 2 , its highest level since the autumn panic .
Yesterday the Dow fell another 4.24 % to 6763 , for an overall decline of 25 % in two months and to its lowest level since 1997 .
The dismaying message here is that President Obama 's policies have become part of the economy 's problem .
Americans have welcomed the Obama era in the same spirit of hope the President campaigned on .
But after five weeks in office , it 's become clear that Mr. Obama 's policies are slowing , if not stopping , what would otherwise be the normal process of economic recovery .
From punishing business to squandering scarce national public resources , Team Obama is creating more uncertainty and less confidence -- and thus a longer period of recession or subpar growth .
The Democrats who now run Washington do n't want to hear this , because they benefit from blaming all bad economic news on President Bush .
And Mr. Obama has inherited an unusual recession deepened by credit problems , both of which will take time to climb out of .
But it 's also true that the economy has fallen far enough , and long enough , that much of the excess that led to recession is being worked off .
Already 15 months old , the current recession will soon match the average length -- and average job loss -- of the last three postwar downturns .
What goes down will come up -- unless destructive policies interfere with the sources of potential recovery .
And those sources have been forming for some time .
The prices of oil and other commodities have fallen by two - thirds since their 2008 summer peak , which has the effect of a major tax cut .
The world is awash in liquidity , thanks to monetary ease by the Federal Reserve and other central banks .
Monetary policy operates with a lag , but last year 's easing will eventually stir economic activity .
Housing prices have fallen 27 % from their Case - Shiller peak , or some two - thirds of the way back to their historical trend .
While still high , credit spreads are far from their peaks during the panic , and corporate borrowers are again able to tap the credit markets .
As equities were signaling with their late 2008 rally and January top , growth should under normal circumstances begin to appear in the second half of this year .
Return to the Moon
Why go to the Moon .
Been there , done that
There are a couple of good reasons why we should return to the Moon .
First , it could serve well as a source of fuel , mineral and other elements the Earth lacks .
Secondly , the Moon could be used as a start point of further exploration of space .
Anyways , NASA has determined the dead lines .
Building of a permanent lunar base should start in 2015 , and that would be a great starting point to head to Mars , by the year 2030 .
How to get there
Officially , NASA has committed to create a space craft that would replace the space shuttle by 2010 .
This vehicle would provide the transportation from the International Space Station to the Moon .
First test flights with CEV ( Crew Exploration Vehicle ) were scheduled for 2008 .
And there is the problem .
Isnâ€™t that a short period of time for testing a space craft when taken into account that testing of a new fight jet in US army takes 13 years of research and test flights .
Some believe that the same capsule as used in the â€œApolloâ€ program could be reused as a transportation vessel .
That would include the application of â€ œSaturn 5â€ rocket or some even more powerful launching equipment which might already be at NASAâ€™s disposal but has been held secret to this dayâ€ ¦
Astrominers vehicle
Three phase plan
The colonization of the Moon should be conducted according to a tree phase plan .
In the first phase we should be able to pick the best spot for constructing a permanent base .
Second phase should include building a mine near Moonâ€™s equatorial plane , since that area is easily accesses from the Earth .
Astro-miners would live in mobile modules , interconnected with tunnels covered with lunar dust for protection from radiation and meteors .
Their assignment would be creating a supply of iron and titanium needed for further development of the base .
They would also create supplies of siliceous needed for production of solar plates , used as the energy source .
According to Mr. Harrison Smith : â€ œThan we could start theextraction of Helium - 3 , gas element that is used during a nuclear fusion and is used for the extraction of energy , which will not be used on Earth , at least , in next 50 yearsâ€ .
If we add the fact that a single cargo load of a single shuttle would provide enough helium for a year supply of US electricity needs , it is clear what the colonization of the Moon would provide us .
It is in the third phase we would commence building a permanent base , probably in the place of landing exploration vehicles called â€ œClementineâ€  and â€ œLunar Prospectorâ€ .
It is those locations that are exposed to Sun rays 90 percent of the time and that would provide enough energy for the station to function .
Thousand guest hotel
First on the Moon would be the technicians and scientists , an a few decades later , around the year 2050 , from the materials found on the Moon surface they start building a hotel .
One of the projects includes building a hotel composed of two high towers , each 160 meters high which would accommodate up to 400 guests .
The other project , more ambitiously includes building a 325 meters high hotel with a lake that could accommodate amazing five thousand guests .
Thanks to Moonâ€™s low gravity you could really let your imagination go wild and with minimum material spending build magnificent buildings .
That is if we are able to sort out a few minor issues of temperatures fluctuating from 302 degrees Fahrenheit on day light to minus - 148 degrees in the shadow , but especially from radiation and unexpected meteor showers .
Looking forward
Besides great expanses , what to expect from the colonization of the Moon .
Probably , a new source of energy and various minerals .
But , most definitely a great challenge , that we need to face in order to make a giant leap in science and technology we have been waiting for quite some years .
Human kind needs to prove itself worthy and find a way to expand and reach new limits .
The first step is the hardest , but Moonâ€ ¦Here we come !
For further info , visit www.nasa.com
Too good to be true : because his character in Angels and Demons saves the Vatican from being destroyed by antimatter stolen from CERN , Tom Hanks will be flipping the switch to restart the LHC .
Advertisement
No word on whether a faux - religious novel 's 500 + pages of pap will have to be deciphered first for the activation codes .
Or if Hanks will be in the " long hair mode " Dan Brown requires , but either way , I want to kiss the PR person at CERN who had this idea .
If anyone can find a way to keep us all from being Hoovered into a rip in the fabric of space - time , it 's the Hanks .
The wait until September just got even more agonizing .
[ Telegraph ]
In a classic case of IOKIYAR , Newshounds catches Karl Rove echoing the same meme on Hannity & Colmes for which Sean Hannity was only to happy to use to castigate Barack Obama last summer .
In his “ just wondering ” voice [.. ] , Hannity asked , “ I 'm trying to understand , if John Murtha 's referring to people in Pennsylvania as racists and as rednecks , and we know what Barack Obama said about bitter Americans clinging to their guns and religion with antipathy towards those that are n't like him .
He was talking about the people in the state of Pennsylvania .
I 'm trying to understand , why would anybody in Pennsylvania vote for him when he said that in a , you know , in a real moment , that he did n't think he was being recorded ? ” [.. ]
“ Well , he 's got a problem , ” Rove replied . “ [..]
James Carville once famously referred to Pennsylvania as Pittsburgh on the west , Philadelphia on the east and Alabama in between .
I think that was his way of sort of mimicking what John Murtha said .
But it 's a conservative part of the state .
And then if you take the far southwestern corner , over there near Pittsburgh and the suburbs , that 's coal country and that 's the kind of people who really do cling to their guns and their faith . ”
Um , huh ?
Not that I disagree with the assessment , but was n't this the most horrible thing that Obama could have said -- a campaign killer , if you will -- this past spring ?
Was n't that the statement that you said was elitist and disrespectful to rural voters ?
Of course , Hannity is too delusional to note the hypocrisy , so thank goodness for Alan Colmes for calling Rove on the double standard :
Colmes said with good - natured mocking , “ Hey , Karl , you did n't just say people cling to their guns and faith ?
I do n't believe you just said that .
You did n't say what Obama said . ”
Rove smiled but he began stammering .
“ No , no .
I 'm just ...
I 'm quoting Obama .
In quotes . ”
Rove made quotation marks in the air .
Colmes said , “ I did n't see the hand quote thing . ”
No one did , Alan .
They were n't there .
It was just that big , lying , ought - to - be - in - jail hack politico pulling his usual crap .
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - A large proportion of women in India were married when they were still children , a study has found , and researchers warned that such unions carried higher risks of unwanted pregnancies and female sterilization .
Nearly all the women who were married before they reached the legal age of 18 reported that they used no contraception before they had their first child , according to the study , which was published in The Lancet .
UNICEF defines child marriage as marriage before 18 years of age and such a practice has been increasingly viewed as a violation of human rights .
Marriage at a very young age carries grave health consequences for both the girl and her children and it is well documented that adolescent mothers are more likely to experience complications such as obstetric fistula .
Researchers analyzed data from a national family health survey that was conducted from 2005 to 2006 in India .
The survey involved 22,807 Indian women who were aged between 20 and 24 at the time of the survey .
Of these , 22.6 percent were married before they were 16 , 44.5 percent were married when they were between 16 and 17 , and 2.6 percent were married before they turned 13 .
“ Women who were married as children remained significantly more likely to have had three or more childbirths , a repeat childbirth in less than 24 months , multiple unwanted pregnancies , pregnancy termination , and sterilization , ” wrote the researchers , led by Anita Raj at the Boston University School of Public Health .
India introduced laws against child marriage in 1929 and set the legal age for marriage at 12 years .
The legal age for marriage was increased to 18 years in 1978 .
While the practice of child marriage has decreased slowly , its prevalence remains unacceptably high , and rural , poor , less educated girls and those from central or eastern regions of the country were most vulnerable to the practice , the researchers wrote .
Such findings indicate that child marriage affects not only adolescents aged 16 to 17 years , but also large numbers of pubescent girls aged 14 to 15 years , and show that existing policies and economic development gains have failed to help rural and poor populations , the researchers wrote .
They attributed the high numbers of sterilization in young women married as children to them having their desired number of children at an earlier age .
But it was also indicative of inadequate fertility control , which was evident from the high numbers of unwanted pregnancies among these women .
They also warned that sterilization might reduce condom use in such couples , which would heighten the risk of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections .
Child - marriage prevention programmes should be broadened to include interventions for women married as children and men who might pursue children for marriage , the researchers added .
Rightwing radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh reached a plea agreement with prosecutors in Florida in which charges will eventually be dismissed .
The Los Angeles Times reported on April 29 , 2006 ( " Limbaugh Deal Avoids Drug Prosecution , Defense Says " ) that " Radio talk - show host Rush Limbaugh was booked on drug charges in Florida on Friday , and his lawyer said that Limbaugh had agreed to a deal enabling him to avoid prosecution in the prescription abuse case if he continued treatment for addiction problems and avoided any other run-ins with the law .
Limbaugh , a conservative darling and liberal bete noire , was booked , photographed and fingerprinted in Palm Beach , Fla. , then shortly thereafter released on a $ 3,000 bond , according to a posting on the Palm Beach County Sheriff 's Office website .
A spokesman said there would be no further comment .
The apparent deal caps a three - year investigation into allegations originally aired by a housekeeper at Limbaugh 's Palm Beach mansion , who told the National Enquirer that the radio host had abused OxyContin and other painkillers .
Prosecutors began looking into potential ' doctor shopping ' by Limbaugh , who received about 2,000 pain pills prescribed by four doctors over a six - month period - all from a pharmacy near the Palm Beach house .
The charge on the sheriff 's website was listed as ' fraud - - conceal info to obtain prescription . ' "
According to the Times , " Prosecutors could not be reached for comment late Friday .
But legal analysts said it appeared Limbaugh had eluded any criminal conviction in the much - publicized case .
' They slapped his hand , and that 's all , ' said Debra Opri , a celebrity lawyer and frequent television analyst .
' So absolutely it 's a victory for Limbaugh , ' Opri said .
' He does n't have to stand trial .
He just gets to say , ' Hey , I 'll keep my nose clean .
I do n't have any priors , and I do n't anticipate any futures . '
And that 's it .
He walks . ' "
The Times noted that " Although many of his fans voiced sympathy and support , detractors saw hypocrisy , noting that Limbaugh had been a staunch proponent of cracking down on drug users .
' Drug use , some might say , is destroying this country , ' Limbaugh said in October 1995 on a television show he had at the time .
' And so , if people are violating the law by doing drugs , they ought to be accused and they ought to be convicted and they ought to be sent up . ' "
visit gallery > Lacey In Red Bikini For U Got It Flaunt It
( CNN ) -- New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson signed a bill Wednesday repealing the death penalty in his state , his office confirmed .
New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson signed legislation repealing the state 's death penalty .
" Regardless of my personal opinion about the death penalty , I do not have confidence in the criminal justice system as it currently operates to be the final arbiter when it comes to who lives and who dies for their crime , " Richardson said in a statement Wednesday .
He noted that more than 130 death row inmates have been exonerated in the past 10 years , including four in New Mexico .
" Faced with the reality that our system for imposing the death penalty can never be perfect , my conscience compels me to replace the death penalty with a solution that keeps society safe , " he said .
With the governor 's decision , New Mexico joins 14 other states that do n't impose the death penalty .
Several other states , including Colorado , Kansas , Maryland and Montana , are considering changes to their capital punishment laws .
See which states have bills to do away with capital punishment »
The bill replaces the death penalty with life without the possibility of parole .
New Mexico currently has two men on death row and has executed one person -- convicted child killer Terry Clark , in 2001 -- since the United States reinstated the death penalty in 1976 .
As the legislation is written , it will not affect current death row inmates .
" Throughout my adult life , I have been a firm believer in the death penalty as a just punishment -- in very rare instances , and only for the most heinous crimes .
I still believe that , " Richardson , a Democrat , said .
" The issue became more real to me because I knew the day would come when one of two things might happen : I would either have to take action on legislation to repeal the death penalty , or more daunting , I might have to sign someone 's death warrant . "
Rep. Gail Chasey , who first introduced House Bill 285 in 1999 , said the bill would relieve families of the burden of a lengthy death penalty trial and appellate phase and restore the focus to crime victims .
" Every time there is a court hearing , a conviction , an appeal , the focus is on the defendant , but the family still has to go through it all again and again .
It 's very , very hard for the families .
It reopens the wounds each time , " she said .
The legislation will also spare the state cost of mounting a death penalty trial , which Casey said typically costs more than a non -death penalty trial .
" We can put that money toward enhancing law enforcement , public works , you name it , " she said .
Richardson also said he was troubled by the fact that minorities are " over - represented in the prison population and on death row . "
Minorities make up more than half of the death row population nationwide , according to the Washington - based Death Penalty Information Center , a nonprofit group that opposes the death penalty .
The American Civil Liberties Union said Richardson 's decision should " send a powerful message to other states " about the need to reevaluate " our error - prone , discriminatory and bankrupting system of capital punishment . "
Local and state law enforcement associations opposed the bill .
Richardson agreed the death penalty is a tool to deter crime , but said it was not the only tool .
" For some would - be criminals , the death penalty may be a deterrent , " he said .
" But it 's not , and never will be , for many , many others . "
The state legislature approved the measure last Friday .
Prior to signing the legislation , Richardson received thousands of e-mails and phone calls weighing in on the matter .
As of noon Wednesday , the governor 's office said it had received 10,847 phone calls , e-mails and walk - in comments from people who wanted to voice their opinions on the legislation .
Of those , 8,102 were for a repeal of the death penalty and 2,745 were against it , according to Richardson 's office .
In addition , Richardson met Monday with more than 100 New Mexicans to discuss the issue , his office said .
Other states also have considered repealing their capital punishment laws this year .
In Kansas , state senators voted Monday to send such a bill back to committee , The Kansas City Star reported .
CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .
All About Capital Punishment • Bill Richardson
Editor 's Note : On Tuesday , astronomers agreed that this event was most likely caused by a natural meteor .
Click here to read the latest account .
Amysterious flash of light and loud boom occurred over the skies of Norfolk and Virginia Beach , Va. , on Sunday night , but just what caused the phenomenon is still unknown .
Calls fromlocal residents to 911 began coming in at around 9:45 p.m. EDT , with somepeople reporting their doors and windows rattled when the boom went off , according to reports from WVEC - TV .
Similarreports in the past often have turned out to involve meteors , which can explode in the atmosphere to create a loud noise and bright flashof light that streaks across the sky .
However , often times the source ofevents like this are not determined .
In a recentscientific first , meteorite fragments of an asteroid that was spotted in spacebefore it exploded over the African desert in October were recentlyrecovered and examined by scientists .
The jury isstill out as to what caused Sunday 's event .
LocalNational Weather Service meteorologists have been in touch with the U.S. Navy , Air Force and NASA , but have not heard back these sources and do n't knowwhether they are actively investigating the cause of the boom , said WakefieldNWS forecaster Jeff Lewitsky .
" Theonly thing we know for sure at this point is that it was n't meteorologicallyrelated , " Lewitsky told SPACE.com .
Lewitskysaid meteorologists have looked back at their radar and lightning strike dataduring the time period and did n't find anything that could explain the event .
He also said they had received no more reports on the incident and no photos ofthe light streak have come in .
Officialsat Norfolk International Airport had received reports of the light andexplosion , but had n't observed anything out of the ordinary at the airport , according to WVEC - TV .
TheNational Weather Service told WVEC - TV that the reports of the light and thebang were coming in from Maryland to North Carolina .
TheNational Weather Service released a statement at 11:17 p.m. Sunday :
" Numerousreports have been called in to this office and into local law enforcementconcerning what appeared to be flashes of light in the sky over the Suffolk / Virginia Beach area .
We are confident in saying that this was notlightning ... and have been in contact with military and other governmentagencies to determine the cause .
So far ... we have not seen or heard of anydamage from this and will continue to inquire as to the cause . "
Welcome to KDice , a online social strategy game inspired by Risk and Dicewars .
Diebold voting system sported ' delete ' button : report RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday March 4 , 2009
Print This Email This Election observers already distrustful of the electronic voting machine manufacturer Diebold will have more reason to be wary now .
" Following three months of investigation , California 's secretary of state has released a report examining why a voting system made by Premier Election Solutions ( formerly known as Diebold Election Systems ) lost about 200 ballots in Humboldt County during the November presidential election , " Kim Zetter reports for Wired .
Zetter continues , " But the most startling information in the state 's 13 - page report ( .pdf ) is not about why the system lost votes , which Threat Level previously covered in detail , but that some versions of Diebold 's vote tabulation system , known as the Global Election Management System ( GEMS ) , include a button that allows someone to delete audit logs from the system . "
As for the missing ballots , Wayne Hanson at govtech.com notes that the report indicates a " Deck Zero software error -- which can delete the first group of optically scanned ballots under certain circumstances -- caused 197 ballots to be inadvertently deleted from Humboldt County 's initial results in the November 4 , 2008 , General Election .
The results were corrected when the error was discovered . "
At Brad Blog , John Gideon observes , " The report is amazing in that it reveals why our voting systems are failing .
The issues with the GEMS software go much deeper than just the fact that the system may lose votes .
The state also found readily apparent violations of the federal voting system standards .
These violations seem to have been ignored by federal test labs , by the National Assoc. of State Election Directors ( NASED ) , and their consultants who qualified the voting system for use , and by - passed CA Secretaries of State and their consultants . "
Wired 's Zetter notes , " The California report states that the ' clear ' button , along with other problems with the auditing logs as well as the software flaw that caused the system to lose votes in Humboldt County ( see below for more information on that flaw ) , should have been red flags to the testing laboratories that certified the system and should have been sufficient to ' fail ' the system and prevent it from being used in any federal election . "
Excerpts from Wired report :
####
Auditing logs are required under the federal voting system guidelines , which are used to test and qualify voting systems for use in elections .
The logs record changes and other events that occur on voting systems to ensure the integrity of elections and help determine what occurred in a system when something goes wrong .
" Deleting a log is something that you would only do in de-commissioning a system you 're no longer using or perhaps in a testing scenario , " says Princeton University computer scientist Ed Felten , who has studied voting systems extensively .
" But in normal operation , the log should always be kept . "
Yet the Diebold system in Humboldt County , which uses version 1.18.19 of GEMS , has a button labeled " clear , " that " permits deletion of certain audit logs that contain  or should contain  records that would be essential to reconstruct operator actions during the vote tallying process , " according to the California report .
The button is positioned next to the " print " and " save as " buttons ( see image above ) , making it easy for an election official to click on it by mistake and erase crucial logs .
####
FULL WIRED REPORT AT THIS LINK
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Hillary Clinton is all smiles with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov after presenting him a device with a red knob during their meeting in Geneva on Friday .
VIDEO : Wrong red button
GENEVA — After promising to “ push the reset button ” on relations with Moscow , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton planned to present Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov with a light - hearted gift at their talks here Friday night to symbolize the Obama administration ’s desire for a new beginning in the relationship .
It did n’t quite work out as she planned .
Advertisement
She handed him a palm - sized box wrapped with a bow .
Lavrov opened it and pulled out the gift — a red plastic button on a black base with a Russian word “ peregruzka ” printed on top .
“ We worked hard to get the right Russian word .
Do you think we got it ? ” Clinton said as reporters , allowed in to observe the first few minutes of the meeting , watched .
“ You got it wrong , ” Lavrov said , to Clinton ’s clear surprise .
Instead of " reset , " he said the word on the box meant “ overcharge . ”
Clinton and Lavrov guffawed .
“ We wo n’t let you do that to us , ” she said .
Despite the shoddy translation work on the U.S. side , Clinton and Lavrov emerged from their meeting a few hours later saying they had accomplished their initial goal — reducing the frostiness in U.S. - Russia relations that had taken hold by the end of the Bush administration .
At a joint press conference afterward Clinton and Lavrov called each other by their first names and said they had conducted wide - ranging discussions on Iran , missile defense , Afghanistan , and nuclear arms reduction .
They agreed to intensify preparations for opening a new round of nuclear arms negotiations to replace the one that expires at the end of this year .
They each emphasized that major disagreements and disputes remain on matters such as U.S. support for Georgia , the former Soviet republic invaded by Moscow last year , and on an announced sale by Moscow of advanced air defense missiles to Iran .
The improvement in tone was unmistakable compared to the icy encounters that Lavrov used to hold with Clinton ’s predecessor .
But in a meeting largely devoid of concrete accomplishments , Clinton ’s gift became a source of continuing amusement to everyone except her staff , who realized that flubbing a foreign language hardly made their boss , the nation ’s top diplomat , look good .
When a Russian reporter asked her about the mistake , Clinton conceded that Lavrov had “ corrected our word choice ” and went on to gamely make the best of it .
“ In a way the word that was on the button turns out also to be true , ” she argued Though Lavrov had said that word on the button meant overcharge , Clinton suggested that that peregruzka could also be translated as overload .
“ We are resetting so the minister and I have an overload of work , ” she said
But Lavrov refused to let the matter rest there , bringing it up twice more during the press conference in a way that suggested he was n’t completely unhappy at Clinton ’s discomfort .
“ We have reached agreement on how reset should sound in both Russian and English , ” he announced at one point .
“ We have no disagreement here . ”
A few minutes later , he referred to the gift again , noting that he and Clinton had pressed the button together — a move that summoned up thoughts not of easing tension but of launching a nuclear strike .
“ It is a very , very large red button , ” he said .
“ I do hope that Russia and the United States and other countries would never ever push any other buttons associated with initiation of destructive hostilities . ”
He told Clinton he would put the button on his desk in Moscow .
ACCRA
With cross - border price - undercutting , mounting debt and a lack of buyers , many tomato farmers in Ghana 's Upper East Region are turning to suicide .
Three tomato farmers in the region committed suicide in 2008 and many others attempted to , according to the General Agriculture Workers Union .
Women who control produce , suppliers and prices throughout the country , buy tomatoes across the border in Burkina Faso at cheaper prices , leaving local farmers to watch their crops rot in the sun , farmers told IRIN .
The women – known as ' queens ' – priced a crate of Ghanaian tomatoes at US $ 150 at the beginning of 2008 and at just $ 10 by the end of the year .
Prices in the volatile industry are now up again – to $ 120 a crate – but tomato farmer Martin Pwayidi based in Upper East Region told IRIN this price is not likely to stick .
Pwayidi lost the $ 2,000 he had secured from a bank and invested into his four - acre tomato farm in 2008 because no one would buy from him .
" Last year was very terrible for me ; I lost everything .
There was absolutely no reason to live .
I am just lucky to still be alive today [ and not to have committed suicide ] , " Pwayidi , told IRIN .
Five of Pwayidi ’s friends attempted suicide in 2008 .
" Some tried to hang themselves ; others drank insecticides and disinfectants . "
Ninety percent of the two million people in the Upper East region and its neighbours are involved in tomato cultivation .
Ghana produces 510,000 metric tons of tomatoes each year , while it imports up to 7,000 mt per month from its neighbours , along with 27,000mt of processed tomatoes from Europe each year , according to the Ghana National Tomato Producers Federation .
Region - wide problem
“ All over the sub-region there is serious price - undercutting and price fluctuations from country to country for agricultural products , ” said Ibrahim Akalbila , coordinator of local NGO Ghana Trade and Livelihood Coalition .
West African trade laws impose no duties on agricultural products crossing borders , making it cheap for buyers to purchase abroad .
With European Union Economic Partnership Agreements ( EPAs ) currently being negotiated , West African markets are about to be flooded with heavily subsidised EU products , says Akalbila , meaning buyers will abandon African products in favour of European ones .
“ Unless ECOWAS introduces a common pricing policy [ before the EPA is signed ] , more farmers will commit suicide , " he said .
" Sub-regional poverty reduction strategies will be compromised , and more and more families will slide into poverty .
The result will be a crisis of unimaginable proportions . ”
Most of Ghana ’s population , estimated by the UN to be " extremely poor " – living on less than $ 1 a day – live in Upper East and neighbouring regions in the north .
... Unless ECOWAS introduces a common pricing policy [ before the Economic Partnership Agreement is signed ] , more farmers will commit suicide ...
“ Most of these [ those affected ] are poor peasant farmers , " Akalbila said .
" They need the market to survive .
" Maame Dufie , vendor at Abeka Market in the capital Accra , told IRIN Burkina tomatoes are of higher quality and sell more quickly than local varieties .
" Burkina tomatoes are bigger , harder , far superior in taste and last longer in storage , " she said .
" We are business women , not charity organisations , so we will only buy the best that will guarantee our profits .
" Foreign investors , including Taiwan , built up the Burkina Faso tomato industry , providing training and seeds and setting up irrigation schemes .
Edward Karewe of the agriculture workers union agrees Ghanaian tomatoes are of lesser quality .
But farmer Pwayidi said vendors favour importing tomatoes from Burkina Faso because " they can use the tomatoes as a cover to smuggle in contraband goods . "
He did not specify what goods .
In response to such allegations Dufie said simply : " I will continue to import tomatoes so far as local farmers refuse to cultivate the Burkina Faso variety .
" The union has been pushing the government to research a high - yield , high - quality tomato variety , suitable for the local and export market .
Karewe is urging the government to guarantee low - interest loans to farmers and to train farmers in identifying the best seeds .
The Agriculture Ministry 's northern programme coordinator , Roy Ayariga , told IRIN the ministry is researching local tomato varieties , as well as trying to push business people and farmers to sign agreements to secure tomato buyers before planting .
The tomato - growers federation has called on the government to temporarily ban tomato imports from neighbouring countries but this would transgress ECOWAS trade policy .
The ministry has said it will provide more support to tomato farmers , but has not given details of how.em/ aj/np
This is what Albert Einstein wrote in his letter to philosopher Eric Gutkind , in response to his receiving the book " Choose Life : The Biblical Call to Revolt " .
The letter was written on January 3 , 1954 , in German , and explains Einstein 's personal beliefs regarding religion and the Jewish people ; it was put on sale one year later and remained into a personal collection ever since .
Now the letter is again on auction in London and has a starting price of 8,000 sterling pounds .
The letter states pretty clearly that Einstein was by no means a religious person - in fact , the great physicist saw religion as no more than a " childish superstition " .
" The word god is for me nothing more than the expression and product of human weaknesses , the Bible a collection of honorable , but still primitive legends which are nevertheless pretty childish .
No interpretation no matter how subtle can ( for me ) change this " , Einstein wrote .
Einstein was Jewish , which is why the people of Israel asked him once to become Israel 's second president .
Also , Einstein felt uncomfortable with the idea that the Jews are God 's favored People .
" For me the Jewish religion like all others is an incarnation of the most childish superstitions .
And the Jewish people to whom I gladly belong and with whose mentality I have a deep affinity have no different quality for me than all other people .
As far as my experience goes , they are no better than other human groups , although they are protected from the worst cancers by a lack of power .
Otherwise , I cannot see anything ' chosen ' about them " , said Einstein .
Although , neither Einstein nor his parents were religious people , he did in fact attend the Catholic primary school .
But at the age of 12 he was already questioning the truth of the stories written in the Bible .
" The consequence was a positively fanatic orgy of freethinking coupled with the impression that youth is being deceived by the state through lies ; it was a crushing impression " , Einstein wrote .
Einstein may have not believed in God , but he felt that faith was a must .
This is probably why he never gave a second thought to studying the quantum theory and its random nature .
He once said that " God does not throw dice " , meaning that quantum theory randomness is out of the question for him .
This belief in faith is probably also why his position towards religion was often misinterpreted .
" Like other great scientists he does not fit the boxes in which popular polemicists like to pigeonhole him .
It is clear for example that he had respect for the religious values enshrined within Judaic and Christian traditions ... but what he understood by religion was something far more subtle than what is usually meant by the word in popular discussion " , said John Brook from the Oxford University , leading expert on Albert Einstein .
Einstein was often associated with atheism because of his views on conventional religion , but he never liked being called an atheist .
DENVER  Former Vice President Dick
Cheney will have to give his account  under oath , in a legal deposition  of what happened at a Colorado ski resort in June 2006 when a man stepped up to protest the Iraq war and was arrested , a federal district judge ruled Monday .
The protester , Steven Howards , sued five Secret Service agents in Mr. Cheney ’s security detail after the encounter at the Beaver Creek resort .
Mr. Howards ’s lawyers have argued that Mr. Cheney ’s version of events is crucial to getting at the truth .
Mr. Cheney ’s lawyers had responded  successfully until Monday ’s ruling by Judge Christine M. Arguello in Denver  that a deposition was unnecessary .
A federal magistrate agreed with Mr. Cheney last April ; Judge Arguello ’s ruling reversed that decision .
Mr. Howards has admitted to approaching Mr. Cheney and saying the administration ’s policies in Iraq were disgusting , or words to that effect .
He walked away unhindered by Secret Service agents , but he was arrested by them about 10 minutes later for what they said was the “ assault ” on the vice president .
Democratic leaders of the House Energy and Commerce Committee today unveiled a 648 - page draft global warming and energy bill ( pdf ) that is being praised by environmental groups but presents significant political challenges .
The bill by Reps. Henry Waxman of California and Ed Markey of Massachusetts would establish a cap - and - trade program curbing U.S. emissions 20 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 , with a midcentury target of 83 percent reductions of the heat - trapping gases .
It also creates a nationwide renewable electricity standard that reaches 25 percent by 2025 , new energy efficiency programs and limits on the carbon content of motor fuels , and requires greenhouse gas standards for new heavy duty vehicles and engines .
Statements from the two congressmen now atop the powerful House panel included a seven - week schedule leading to a final committee vote on the measure before the Memorial Day recess .
They also insisted their proposal -- the " American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 " -- would reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil , curb global warming and help stabilize the economy .
" This legislation will create millions of clean energy jobs , put America on the path to energy independence , and cut global warming pollution , " said Waxman , the committee chairman .
" Our goal is to strengthen our economy by making America the world leader in new clean energy and energy efficiency technologies . "
In a press release , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) welcomed the draft , calling it a " strong starting point " in a debate that would also include other committees with jurisdiction over the issue .
Pelosi repeated her plan to bring an energy and climate bill to the House floor this year , marking the first time ever the chamber would consider cap - and - trade provisions specifically .
" The scope of this effort is historic and overdue , " she added .
Now , the hard part .
Waxman and Markey have a 36 - 23 advantage over Republicans in their committee , meaning the chairman can only lose votes from six members of his own party and still pass the bill , absent surprise GOP defections .
Committee Democrats represent a cross section of regional interests , including coastal state members who prefer aggressive environmental limits for global warming and moderate and conservative lawmakers who prefer proposals that take into account their local industries .
" It 's time for us to prepare , fill in the blanks , and submit what we think are areas of concern for us , " said Rep. Charles Gonzales , a six - term Democrat from San Antonio , in an interview yesterday .
" It 's going to be all regional . "
" It 's going to be probably an impossible challenge to make everyone happy in such complex and important legislation , " added Rep. Tammy Baldwin , a six - term Democrat from Madison , Wis .
" But I think the efforts are building upon successful collaborations that have occurred prior to this time , and that will aid us greatly . "
Another committee Democrat , Rep. Rick Boucher of Virginia , pushed for provisions in the bill that would promote the wide - scale commercial deployment of carbon capture and storage projects at coal - fired power plants .
In an interview , Boucher was optimistic about the overall measure 's prospects while also promising to push for revisions .
" While I 'm not endorsing the draft and will seek changes to it , I strongly endorse the process that he 's putting into place to report a bill , " Boucher said of Waxman .
By contrast , senior House Republicans challenged the premise of moving climate legislation amid low public approval for action on warming in opinion polls and increasingly dire news about the economy .
The bill " marks a triumph of fear over good sense and science , and it could n't come at a worse time , because it proposes to save the planet by sacrificing the economy , " said Rep. Joe Barton of Texas , the ranking Republican on the Energy and Commerce Committee .
" This cap - and - trade plan is a priority for the Obama administration and the Democratic party 's congressional leaders , " Barton said , " but it is so proudly ignorant of the daily economic reality faced by working people that I do not believe it could survive a vote in either the House or Senate just now . "
Cap - and - trade details
On cap and trade , the Waxman - Markey draft seeks to curb emissions by 2020 on a slightly more aggressive scale than the limits proposed by Obama .
Obama 's budget released in February suggested a 14 percent cut at the end of the next decade , whereas Markey and Waxman call for a 20 percent cut .
Both the Waxman - Markey draft and Obama 's plan do line up on a midcentury target curbing emissions by 83 percent .
But the House lawmakers offer more specifics than the new administration when it comes to the cap - and - trade program 's start in 2012 .
The Democrats call for a 3 percent emissions cut from 2005 levels .
They also include a 42 percent reduction in 2030 .
The Waxman - Markey draft sidesteps some of the critical details on allowances and auctions , instead leaving the issue open for negotiations with their fellow Democrats and any interested Republicans over the coming weeks .
But the measure does take a stab at how to assist industries considered most vulnerable to international competition , such as iron and steel , aluminum , cement , glass , ceramics , chemicals and paper .
In a separate title -- " Transitioning to a Clean Energy Economy " -- the Democratic committee leaders incorporated a proposal from Reps.
Jay Inslee of Washington and Mike Doyle of Pennsylvania that would set aside a certain number of allowances for industrial sectors as determined by U.S. EPA .
Elsewhere , the Democrats ' draft directs EPA to enter into agreements designed to prevent international deforestation , which is the source of about 20 percent of annual greenhouse gas emissions .
It also sets up several programs aimed at curbing the costs of the cap - and - trade program on the U.S. economy , including a " strategic reserve " of allowances that EPA can release into the market via an auction in the event credit prices rise faster than expected .
For oversight of the new carbon markets , the Waxman - Markey draft proposes placing the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in charge of both emission allowances and offsets .
And the discussion draft orders EPA to establish separate emission standards for hydrofluorocarbons , which are chemical products used in refrigeration , air conditioning , insulation , as well as black carbon , which is a major source of global warming in the Arctic .
The draft also addresses the hot - button issue of EPA regulations under the Clean Air Act , as required under the 2 - year - old Supreme Court decision in Massachusetts v. EPA .
With their proposal , the Democrats specify that EPA cannot regulate carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases as criteria air pollutants or hazardous air pollutants -- two sections of the law that could require sweeping regulations across the U.S. economy .
Vehicle - emission standards
The bill paves the way for federal greenhouse gas standards for a variety of vehicle types .
The measure requires EPA to promulgate standards for new heavy duty vehicles and engines by the end of 2010 , and for new marine vessels and their engines by the end of 2012 , and also provides the agency the right to set standards for other types of nonroad vehicles and engines as it sees fit .
In addition , EPA would set airplane and engine standards .
Another provision would require the president , to the extent possible , to " harmonize " federal auto fuel economy standards with California 's emissions standards and emissions standards that EPA may set using its Clean Air Act authority .
It says federal standards must achieve at least as much emission reductions as California 's program and do not pre-empt that state 's authority to adopt and enforce mobile source emissions standards .
Promoting plug - in cars
Elsewhere , the bill seeks greater use of plug - in electric vehicles , which are seen as a promising way to displace oil demand by using electricity in the transportation sector .
The bill calls for the Energy Department to create a program to " deploy and integrate plug - in electric drive vehicles in multiple regions . "
State and local governments , possibly in concert with utilities , automakers and other partners , could apply to DOE for financial assistance to carry programs for integrating plug - in vehicles into their area .
The measure also requires utilities to develop plans to support use of plug - in hybrid electric and fully electric vehicles .
The plan may provide for deployment of electrical charging stations in public or private locations , including street parking , parking garages , parking lots , homes , gas stations , and highway rest stops , " it notes .
It authorizes state regulators and nonregulated utilities to recover costs from consumers from their efforts to integrate the vehicles .
In addition , the bill requires DOE financial assistance to automakers for retooling their facilities to producing plug - in electric vehicles and buying domestically produced batteries .
Renewable energy , efficiency standards , smart grid
As expected , the bill includes a nationwide renewable electricity standard that requires utilities to supply escalating amounts of power from sources such as wind , solar and geothermal .
The standard begins at 6 percent in 2012 and reaches 25 percent in 2025 , although governors may use efficiency measures to meet a fifth of the mandate .
The bill also allows federal agencies to enter into long - term contracts -- up to 30 years -- for renewable power purchases .
It also includes a so - called energy efficiency resource standard that requires electricity and natural gas utilities to ensure customer demand drops by growing amounts relative to business - as - usual scenarios .
By 2020 , electricity savings must reach 15 percent and natural gas savings must be 10 percent .
The provision is a priority for energy efficiency advocates , who recently formed a new coalition to push for the measure that unites advocacy groups and several major companies .
The American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy , part of the group , estimates the standard would provide enough electricity savings in 2020 to power almost 48 million households and eliminate the need to build 390 power plants .
The bill also includes a suite of other efficiency measures aimed at improving building codes and creating new standards for industrial energy efficiency .
The measure also contains a suite of provisions to deploy use of a " smart " power grid that can enable greater efficiency and seeks to overhaul the federal transmission planning process to ensure that regional planning facilitates use of renewable and zero- carbon energy sources .
FERC would be required to create grid planning principles .
Low - carbon fuels
The bill includes a " low carbon fuel standard " to ensuring lower greenhouse gas emissions from fuels used in on - road and off - highway vehicles and airplanes , and leaves EPA discretion to include ocean vessels .
Between 2014 and 2022 , refiners , blenders and other fuels providers must ensure that the annual average lifecycle emissions from fuels sold in the United States are no greater than they were in the 2005 " baseline " year .
Between 2023 and 2030 , the emissions must be at least 5 percent below baseline , while from 2030 onward they must be at least 10 percent lower than the 2005 baseline .
It provides for credit trading and includes other provisions , including EPA 's ability to waive the requirements to varying degrees .
Coal plant carbon standards , carbon sequestration
The bill creates performance standards for new coal - fired power plants that receive their final permits after Jan. 1 , 2015 .
These plants must emit no more than 1,100 pounds of carbon dioxide per megawatt - hour , and the standards get tougher for plants that are approved in 2020 and later .
Plants that receive final permits after the first of this year and before 2015 would eventually have to meet emissions standards as well .
The bill also contains measures to accelerate carbon capture and storage , such as requiring EPA to create a " coordinated approach " to certifying and permitting sequestration sites , and measures to boost Energy Department and EPA efforts to deploy the technology .
Reactions
Even as they started digesting the mammoth bill , several environmental groups were quick to issue statements praising the measure .
" Chairmen Waxman and Markey are experienced legislators who have focused on exactly the right issues to quickly build consensus and allow Congress to pass a strong bill this year , " said Fred Krupp , president of the Environmental Defense Fund .
Lance Pierce , director of the Union of Concerned Scientists ' climate program , welcomed the idea of incorporating climate and energy language together into one broad legislative package .
" This is a truly comprehensive outline , " Pierce said .
" Congress is looking at a market - based cap on emissions that works alongside smart energy and transportation polices .
This broad approach is the best way to promote renewable energy sources , curb our oil dependence and avoid the most expensive consequences of climate change . "
Emily Figdor of Environment America called the draft a " pragmatic bill that tries to balance a historic opportunity to unleash clean energy to rebuild our economy and stop the climate crisis , with the diversity of views on the Energy and Commerce Committee . "
While she welcomed the draft 's energy standards , Figdor also questioned " sky - high levels of carbon offsets , which provide less - certain reductions in emissions , and lavish subsidies , including from ratepayers , for still - unproven carbon capture and storage technology . "
Raymond Offenheiser , president of international development organization Oxfam America , praised adaptation language aimed both domestically and internationally .
" Supporting community resilience for those most vulnerable and hardest hit must be a cornerstone of any American effort on climate change , " he said .
Click here ( pdf ) to read the draft bill .
Click here ( pdf ) to read the executive summary of the proposal .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Cunt Coloring Book
“ This book contains about 25 drawings of flower - like genitalia .
Each drawing is beutiful and unique – just in the same way that every woman is beautiful in a different way . ”
Fuckin’ Concrete Contemporary Abstract Algebra Introduction
“ Reading Fuckin ’ Abstract Algebra is a small adventure that one undertakes before doing something profoundly conventional .
Probably this is the most fucked academic book , but definitely it is the best one to have fun and to learn from . ”
How to Good - bye Depression : If You Constrict Anus 100 Times Everyday .
Malarkey ? or Effective Way ?
“ I think constricting anus 100 times and denting navel 100 times in succession everyday is effective to good - bye depression and take back youth .
You can do so at a boring meeting or in a subway .
I have known 70 - year - old man who has practiced it for 20 years .
As a result , he has good complexion and has grown 20 years younger .
His eyes sparkle .
He is full of vigor , happiness and joy .
He has neither complained nor born a grudge under any circumstance .
Furthermore , he can make love three times in succession without drawing out . ”
Zen of Farting
“ No one knows much about its author , Reepah Gud Wan , who lived before the 10th century in China and Japan , except that he was a legitimate Buddhist monk who tired of the inability of his students to grasp the essence of his teaching .
In order to shake them up , he introduced the Zen of Farting , expecting his students to see the joke , laugh at it , and then understand his Buddhist teachings better .
Unfortunately , they failed to get the joke–and zen was the result . “
Old Tractors and the Men Who Love Them
“ Anyone who has spent more time than they care to admit in the garage will enjoy noted humorist Roger Welsch ’s exploration of the do ’s and don’ts of tractor restoration .
He offers invaluable advice and discusses resources , tools , shop equipment , and the relationship that develops between old machines and their owners . ”
The Stray Shopping Carts of Eastern North America
“ Author Julian Montague has created an elaborate classification system of abandoned shopping carts , accompanied by photographic documentation of actual stray cart sightings .
These sightings include bucolically littered locations such as the Niagara River Gorge ( where many a cart has been pushed to its untimely death ) and mundane settings that look suspiciously like a suburb near you . ”
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies : The Classic Regency Romance
“ Features the original text of Jane Austen ’s beloved novel … with all - new scenes of bone crunching zombie action . ”
Teddy Bear Cannibal Massacre
“ Tim Lieder ’s anthology is an entertaining trip into the Outer Limits of the Twilight Zone .
It is a place where a War Against Clowns is violently waged , a magician is taught magic by a scottish crab , a pretty lycanthrope unleashes her wild side in a London club , and a not so imaginary friend helps a shy young man get the girl .
Sadly , there are no cannibal teddy bears to be found in any of the stories .
Maybe in the next anthology . ”
Greek Rural Postmen and their Cancellation Numbers
“ The book looks at the history of Greek stamps in rural parts of the country and how they came to be cancelled by the Greek Postal Service . ”
The recession has taken quite a toll on this coming New York Fashion Week .
Numerous designers are forgoing presentations in locales beyond Bryant Park ’s tents ( in hopes of saving funds ) , while a handful of seasoned designers have chosen to bow out of the bi-annual event entirely .
Peoples Revolution designers Mara Hoffman , Sergio Davila and Nicholas K will even stage a first - ever joint presentation to save on expenses .
But rather than cut back , it seems Diane Von Furstenberg is forging full steam ahead with not one but two FW09 presentations .
In addition to her typically star - studded namesake collection presentation , CFDA President DVF will “ stage a special fashion show for [ American Express ] cardholders . ”
The partnership is nothing new for the credit card company — in the past , they ’ve teamed up with the likes of Zac Posen and Peter Som .
What is unique , however , is that the supplementary Amex show wo n’t be a carbon copy of her namesake presentation .
In fact , says the Wall Street Journal , its “ 40 to 50 runway looks , will mostly be made up of the designer ’s spring and summer pieces that are currently in stores and finished off with her new , Fall 2009 looks . ”
The move seems an incredibly smart one given the fact that the audience can buy the runway looks immediately after leaving the tents .
Considering Amex paid Von Furstenberg an unreleased sum for the show , and will cover its the cost , it ’s a win -win for team Diane .
That combined with rumors that the designer is making a pretty penny from her partnership with MTV for The City just goes to show all is not lost in the fashion industry .
And considering an Amex spokesperson told the WSJ , “ within just five days , American Express sold 97 % of its 600 $ 150 to $ 250 packages to watch runway shows from a backstage suite that the company is creating , ” it looks like everyone is happy .
.-
The prefect for the Congregation for the Clergy , Cardinal Claudio Hummes , said pedophilia is one of the gravest problems of sexual misconduct , but he asserted that the media exaggerated the number of priests involved in such cases , which in reality involved less than 1 % of the clergy .
Speaking to some 450 participants at the 12th National Priests Meeting , the cardinal noted that worldwide the clergy numbers 406,000 priests , with 18,000 in Brazil .
Later on during his remarks , he called on priests to provide ministry to the divorced and then remarried , noting that their situation prevents them from receiving the Eucharist .
Asked about priestly celibacy , Cardinal Hummes said it is a gift from God that should not be seen as an imposition , but rather as something “ we embrace in response as a gesture of love . ”
He recalled that the Church does not allow priests to marry and has no intention of “ reinstating those who have married to the ministry , ” even though some have expressed their desire to resume pastoral duties .
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
Text : wiki Text : wiki
Kolmannskuppe ( also Kolmanskuppe with just one n ; Afrikaans : Kolmanskop ) is a ghost town in southern Namibia , a few kilometres inland from the port of Lüderitz .
It was a small mining village and is now a popular tourist destination run by the joint firm NAMDEB ( Namibia - De Beers ) .
It developed after the discovery of diamonds in the area in 1908 , to provide shelter for workers from the harsh environment of the Namib Desert .
The village was built like a German town , with facilities like a hospital , ballroom , power station , school , skittle - alley , theater and sport - hall , casino , ice factory and the first x-ray - station in the southern hemisphere .
It also had a railway line to Lüderitz .
The town declined after World War I as diamond prices crashed , and operations moved to Oranjemund .
It was abandoned in 1956 but has since been partly restored .
The geological forces of the desert mean that tourists can now walk through houses knee - deep in sand .
Regression
import BASIC main = runBASIC $ do 10 LET X = : 1 20 PRINT " Hello BASIC world ! " 30 LET X = : X + 1 40 IF X <> 11 THEN 20 50 END
= :
=
They say that as you get older you regress back towards childhood .
So I present you with today 's Haskell program ( the idea shamelessly stolen from JoshTriplett from # haskell on IRC ) : Yes , it runs .
( I 'm sorry about theinstead of , but some things are just too wired into Haskell to change . )
Labels : BASIC , DSL , Haskell
Happy ( almost ) Valentine ’s Day everyone !
We had yet to do a true Valentine ’s Day comic , so I ’m glad we actually remembered this year !
Valentine ’s Day is actually the 2 - year anniversary of 2P START ! , so there will be a special little bonus comic to mark the occasion on Saturday .
Also , if you like one of these V - Day cards and would like to send one to a friend , you can do that from this blog post .
I guess these are n’t exactly the most loving cards you could send , but they should make people laugh , and if you ca n’t make someone laugh , they ’ll never love you .
Therefore , these ARE the most loving cards you could send !
# 877430 +( 4784 ) - [ X ] < richcollins > christ how long does a reboot take
< w3wsrmn > took him 3 days
Cleans your PC in just a few minutes
Our free scanner is what put us on the map .
It does n’t just find threats like malware and viruses , it also finds potentially unwanted programs that can slow you down .
Secures your PC , files , and privacy 24/7
Real - Time Protection uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to keep you safe from online threats , even emerging threats that no one has ever seen before .
Obama administration plan for “ toxic assets ” : A windfall for Wall Street
By Barry Grey
23 March 2009
The Obama administration is expected to provide more details today of its plan to enable Wall Street banks to offload up to $ 1 trillion of their bad mortgage loans and other " toxic " assets at public expense .
Over the weekend , the administration leaked to the press key features of the scheme , to be announced by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner .
The press reports make clear that the plan is designed to provide a windfall for the very banks and investment firms which precipitated the deepest economic crisis since the 1930s by speculating on high - risk investments that generated extraordinary returns — until the housing and debt bubbles burst — and sustained the multi-million - dollar pay packages of Wall Street CEOs .
According to the reports , the plan will have three major components , all of which involve the use of taxpayer money to guarantee large profits for hedge funds , private equity firms and insurance companies who agree to use low - cost government loans to purchase virtually worthless mortgage loans and securities that are weighing down the balance sheets of the banks .
The government will put up as much as 97 percent of the cash to carry out the purchases and agree to absorb 75 percent or more of any losses that might result from the deals .
At the same time , the government will expand a Federal Reserve program launched last week to revive the dormant market in asset - backed securities , otherwise known as the " shadow banking system , " to enable the Wall Street billionaires who participate in the scheme to eventually repackage and resell the assets they take off of the hands of the banks at a substantial profit .
As for the banks , the plan will enable them to not only offload their failed investments at public expense , but profit handsomely from a resulting rise in the price of their stock .
Geithner is expected to announce the creation of a new government entity , called the Public Investment Corporation , which will oversee the bailout .
This agency will be backed by $ 100 billion not yet allocated from the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) that was proposed by the Bush administration and authorized by the Democratic - controlled Congress last October .
Geithner is not expected to directly request any additional bailout funding from Congress , in part because of the eruption of public anger over $ 165 million in bonuses handed out by the insurance giant American International Group ( AIG ) , which is now 80 percent owned by the government after the injection of over $ 170 billion in bailout funds .
However , the Obama administration allocated an additional $ 750 billion in bank bailout funds as a " place holder " in the budget it submitted last month .
The first prong of the three - part plan involves the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) , the agency created in the 1930s to insure the savings of ordinary bank depositors .
The FDIC will establish partnerships with hedge funds and other private investment firms to buy whole home loans — as distinct from loans packaged into mortgage - backed securities — from banks that agree to sell them .
( In this , as in the other parts of the plan , the participation of banks and investment firms is entirely voluntary ) .
According to a report in Saturday 's New York Times , the FDIC will provide non-recourse loans — that is , loans secured only by the value of the home loans bought — to participating firms worth up to 85 percent of the value of a portfolio of " troubled " bank assets .
Of the remaining 15 percent of the cost , the Treasury will use public funds to cover up to 80 percent , leaving the investment firms to contribute as little as 3 percent of the total cost .
The government will , moreover , set the interest rate it collects on loans to the firms well below current market rates .
In its report on Sunday , the Washington Post indicated that the government will guarantee 75 percent of any possible losses .
The private investors , not the government , will manage the loan portfolios .
This means that the function of the FDIC will be largely transformed from guaranteeing the bank deposits of small savers into guaranteeing the investments of billionaire investment fund managers .
As for the cost to the public , it is doubtful that Geithner will mention that on March 5 Christopher Dodd , the Democratic chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , submitted a bill at the behest of the Obama administration to authorize the FDIC to increase the limit on funds it can borrow from the Treasury from $ 30 billion to $ 500 billion .
This fiscal sleight of hand will allow the administration to claim that it is allocating " only " $ 100 billion in taxpayer money for its new bailout scheme .
The other two prongs of the administration plan are directed at the banks ' money - losing securities backed by mortgages and other forms of consumer and commercial debt .
One will expand a Federal Reserve program , the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ( TALF ) , which was launched last week to extend low - cost loans and guarantees against losses to hedge funds and private equity firms that purchase new securities backed by auto loans , credit card debt , commercial mortgages and small business loans .
TALF will be enlarged to include the purchase of previously existing asset - backed securities , including those backed by residential mortgages .
In addition , the Fed will be required to offer longer - term loans to private investors than under the original TALF plan , possibly as long as seven years .
This is designed to provide sufficient time for markets to recover so that the investors can reap big profits before their loans come due .
Finally , the government will establish a so - called " public - private partnership , " in which the Treasury Department hires a number of investment management firms to buy mortgage - backed and other securities from the banks .
The Treasury will match , dollar - for - dollar , money from private investors who participate and will also loan funds to increase the investment funds ' purchasing power .
In all , the plan amounts to a racket in which the federal treasury is placed at the disposal of Wall Street .
One question that arises is why the Obama administration chooses not to directly purchase the bad assets from the banks ?
There are two basic reasons .
The first is bound up with immediate political considerations .
Under conditions of mounting public opposition to the bailout of Wall Street , the administration does not want to be seen as setting absurdly high prices for the purchase of the banks ' bad debts .
By subsidizing private investors , who will bid against one another in auctions for home loans and securities offered for sale by the banks , the government can claim that the " market " is setting the price .
This is a fraud .
By paying investors to buy the banks ' junk assets and insuring them against losses , the government is creating conditions where the buyers will be willing to pay outlandishly high prices and the banks will receive multiples of the real market value of the assets they offload .
The New York Times columnist and economist Paul Krugman characterized the scheme aptly in a blog he published on Saturday :
" In effect , Treasury will be creating — deliberately ! — the functional equivalent of Texas S&Ls in the 1980s : financial operations with very little capital but lots of government - guaranteed liabilities .
For the private investors , this is an open invitation to play heads I win , tails the taxpayers lose .
So sure , these investors will be ready to pay high prices for toxic waste .
After all , the stuff might be worth something ; and if it is n't , that 's someone else 's problem . "
The second , and more basic , reason goes to the class character of the administration and the reality of class relations in the United States .
Decades of financial parasitism , aided and abetted by successive administrations , Democratic as well as Republican , have transformed the ruling class into a financial aristocracy that exercises overwhelming and unchecked power over the state .
Only a government that functions as the open instrument of this miniscule segment of society could present such a flagrant scheme to plunder the country 's resources and utilize the crisis of the financial aristocracy 's own making to further enrich it at the expense of the people .
When Geithner , formerly the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and a key architect of the Bush administration bailout , announced the outlines of the new administration 's bailout plan last month , he was pilloried by Wall Street — the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummeted 380 points — because he was deemed to have provided insufficient guarantees for the wealth and power of the banks and Wall Street firms .
Obama , who was elevated to the presidency by the most powerful sections of finance capital to serve as their front - man , got the message .
In the intervening period , his top economic advisers have undoubtedly been involved in talks with the masters of Wall Street to make sure that the new announcement will meet with their satisfaction .
As the Washington Post reported on Sunday , some of the richest and most powerful figures on Wall Street were the real authors of the administration 's plan .
The newspaper noted : " Last fall , billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett , Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein and William H. Gross , the managing director of PIMCO , the largest bond fund in the world , approached Treasury officials about an idea to create investment funds , using public and private money , to buy toxic assets from banks , according to former senior Treasury officials . "
The utter servility of the administration to Wall Street was on full display on the Sunday television talk shows .
Administration spokesmen all but begged the banks and hedge funds not to allow their indignation over congressional moves to limit executive bonuses to dissuade them from participating in the government 's new bailout scheme .
Christina Romer , chairwoman of the White House Council of Economic Advisors , appearing on the " Fox News Sunday " program , signaled that the administration did not support such moves and sought to reassure Wall Street that no firms which participated in the bailout plan would face limits on executive pay .
" What we 're talking about now are private firms that are kind of doing us a favor , " she said , " coming into this market to help us buy these toxic assets off banks ' balance sheets .
And I think they understand that the president realizes they 're in a different category ...
They are firms that are being the good guys here . "
Predicting Crisis : Dr. Doom & the Black Swan
How to predict a financial crisis and the five signs of a bear , with Nouriel Roubini , RGE Monitor and Nassim Taleb , The Black Swan author .
Bible Absurdities
Compiled by Donald Morgan
Links to other articles in this series :
Key to Abbreviations
Introduction to the Bible and Biblical Problems
Fatal Bible Flaws ?
Bible Atrocities
Bible Inconsistencies : Bible Contradictions ?
Bible Precepts : Questionable Guidelines ?
Bible Vulgarities
IMPORTANT :
These lists are meant to identify possible problems in the Bible , especially those that are inherent in a literalist or fundamentalist interpretation .
Keep in mind , however , that what constitutes a valid problem is to some extent a matter of opinion .
You may disagree that these are , in fact , genuine biblical problems , but it is the author 's opinion that a perfect and omnipotent God could , should , and would see to it that such problems did not exist in a book which s/he had inspired .
GE 1:1 " In the beginning God created the heaven (s ) and the earth . "
( One might ask what " existed , " and where God dwelt , before he created heaven and earth .
Of course , if God were pure spirit the question could be considered moot , but inasmuch as the God of the Bible allegedly participated in a wrestling match , ate solid food , was seen face to face , spoke with Moses , etc. , it would seem that he possesses physical attributes , including form . )
( Note : Some biblicists contend that biblical chronology fixes the date of creation at 4004 B.C. thereby making the earth about six thousand years old .
Some present - day creationists stubbornly adhere to a young earth timetable in spite of overwhelming evidence that the earth is actually billions of years old . )
GE 1:3-5 , 14 - 19
There was light ( " night and day " ) before there was a sun .
( Note : If there were no sun , there would be no night or day .
Also , light from the newly created heavenly bodies seems to have reached the earth instantaneously though it now takes thousands or millions of years . )
GE 1:12 , 16 Plants began to grow before there was sunlight .
GE 1:29 Every plant and tree which yield seed are given to us by God as good to eat .
( Note : This would include poisonous plants such as hemlock , buckeye pod , nightshade , oleander . )
GE 2:15 - 23 , 3:1-5 , 1TI 2:14
Eve was created after Adam had already been given the prohibition about eating the forbidden fruit .
Eve believed the serpent ( the craftiest of all of God 's wild creatures ) when he assured her that she would become wise and would not die if she ate the fruit .
Eve has been blamed for causing Adam to fall , and ultimately for the fall of mankind .
( Note : Prior to eating the forbidden fruit , Adam and Eve would have had no knowledge of right and wrong ; they would not have known that it was a sin to disobey God or to obey the serpent .
After they ate the forbidden fruit , God placed a guard around the " Tree of Eternal Life " to keep them from eating its fruit .
He could have done the same for the " Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil " before Adam and Eve disobeyed .
In addition , even though the prohibition regarding the forbidden fruit was made to Adam before Eve came on the scene , Eve has been blamed for the Fall ; 1TI 2:14 says : " ... Adam was not deceived , but the woman was deceived and became a transgressor . " )
GE 3:1- 5
The serpent speaks human language ( presumably Hebrew ) .
GE 3:14 - 16
God curses the serpent , Eve , and Adam for what they have done .
( Note : This is inconsistent with God 's omniscience ;
God should have known full well , ahead of time , what the outcome would be .
Since God created the three as well as the Tree of Knowledge , he is ultimately responsible for the Fall . )
GE 3:14
The serpent eats dust for the rest of his life ( by command of God ) .
GE 4:15 A mark is placed on Cain as a distinctive identifying symbol when there were only three ( known ) persons on earth .
GE 4:17 Cain builds and populates a whole city in only two generations .
GE 6:4
There were giants on the earth at one time .
( Note : No evidence exists to supports this assertion . )
GE 6:5 God is unhappy with the wickedness of man and decides to flood the earth to eliminate mankind .
All living things including plants , animals , women and innocent children are also exterminated .
( Note : This is like burning down a house to rid it of mice . )
GE 6:15
The size of Noah's Ark was such that there would be about one and a half cubic feet for each pair of the 2,000,000 to 5,000,000 species to be taken aboard .
GE 7:17 - 19
The flood covered the entire earth at the same time .
( Note :
There is no evidence of a worldwide flood , but rather of many , widespread , but local floods . )
GE 7:19 - 20
The flood covered the earth with water fifteen cubits ( twenty plus feet ) above the highest mountains .
( Note :
This would require steady , worldwide rainfall at the rate of about 6 inches per minute , 360 inches per hour , 8640 inches per day -- for 40 days and nights -- so as to cover the entire earth with an endless ocean 5 miles deep , thus burying 29,000 ft. Mt. Everest under 22 ft. of water .
How did the author know the depth of the water ?
Did Noah take soundings ?
And where has all this water gone ? )
GE 8:20 Noah 's first recorded action following the flood is to sacrifice one of every clean animal and bird .
( Since so few animals were saved , this could be considered rather wasteful and defeating -- especially given that the stated purpose of taking the animals aboard the Ark was to keep them alive [ GE 6:20 ] .
To see a discussion of the various ways this verse can be interpreted , and in turn the different ways to approach the Bible generally , see addendum . )
GE 8:21 The odor of Noah 's sacrifices was pleasing to the Lord .
GE 9:12 - 16 God first creates the rainbow .
( Note : Apparently the laws having to do with refraction of light were null and void prior to this time . )
GE 18:1 , 7 - 8 God eats solid food with Abraham .
GE 30:37 - 43 Jacob alters the genetic characteristics of cattle by letting them view a striped rod .
( Note : His purpose in doing so was to fleece Laban of his cattle . )
GE 32:24-30
God takes part in a wrestling match .
He wins by injuring Jacob 's hip .
GE 38:27 - 29
Twins are being delivered .
One puts out his hand and the midwife binds it with a scarlet ribbon to identify him as the firstborn .
But he draws back his hand , and his brother is born first ( thereby obtaining the rights of the firstborn son ) .
EX 4:24 The Lord sought to kill Moses ( one of his own prophets . )
EX 12:30 The Lord kills all the first - born of Egypt and there is not a house where there is not at least one dead .
( This means that there was not a house in Egypt that did not include at least one first - born --- a most unusual situation . )
EX 12:37 , NU 1:45 - 46
The number of men of military age who take part in the Exodus is given as about 600,000 .
Allowing for women , children , and older men would probably mean that a total of more than 2,000,000 Israelites left Egypt at a time when the whole population of Egypt was less than 2,000,000 .
EX 17:14 God says that he will utterly blot out the remembrance of Amalek .
DT 25:19 " ... you shall blot out the memory of Amalek from under heaven ; you must not forget . "
( That remembrance is now permanently preserved in the Bible . )
EX 28:34-35
Entering the holy place without wearing bells can result in death .
LE 11:20 - 21
There are winged creatures ( birds or insects ) that go around on all fours .
( Note :
There are no birds that go around on four legs , and all insects have six or eight legs . )
LE 11:6 ( States , incorrectly , that the rabbit , or hare , chews its cud . )
LE 14:33 - 57
God himself believes that a house or clothes can have leprosy and he details the remedy .
LE 14:49 -53
The cure for leprosy involves incantations and the blood of a bird .
NU 11:31 - 33 A " wind from the Lord " brings such an abundance of quail that " he who gathered the least gathered ten homers , " or about 62 bushels .
Altogether , this would have been enough to fill several thousand boxcars .
Unfortunately , it was immediately followed by a great plague ( food poisoning ? ) from the Lord .
NU 22:21-30
A donkey sees an angel , recognizes it as such , and then speaks in human language ( presumably Hebrew ) to his master .
DT 1:1 Moses speaks to " all " of Israel , perhaps 2,000,000 people ( see EX 12:37 above ) .
DT 2:14 All of the " men of war " -- some 600,000 - - who left Egypt in the Exodus were dead just thirty - eight years later .
( See EX 12:37 above . )
DT 7:15 Moses promises his people that the Lord will take away all sickness .
DT 25:5-9 A man has an obligation to produce a child with his brother 's widow .
If he refuses , his sister - in - law is to spit in his face in front of the elders .
JS 10:12 - 14 God obliges Joshua by making the sun and moon stand still ( so that he can finish his battle by daylight ) .
JG 3:21 - 22 ( KJV ) " Ehud ... took the dagger from his right thigh , and thrust it into his belly .
And the haft also went in after the blade ; and the fat closed upon the blade , so that he could not draw the dagger out of his belly ; and the dirt came out . "
JG 7:12
The camels were without number as the sand of the sea .
JG 15:15 Samson slays 1000 men with the jawbone of an ass .
JG 16:17 - 22 Samson loses his strength as a result of having his head shaved .
( Note : This is not psychosomatic since he began to lose his strength while he was still asleep . )
JG 20:16
There were seven hundred men who were left handed and could sling a stone at a hair and not miss .
1SA 5:8-9 God causes " emerods " ( hemorrhoids or tumors ) amongst the Philistines ( who have captured the Ark of the Covenant , where God was thought to reside ) .
1SA 13:5 The Philistines had " ... troops like the sand on the seashore in multitude . "
1SA 16:14 - 23 Evil spirits can come from God ( and be exorcised with God 's help ) .
1KI 3:12 , 16 - 28 Solomon , the wisest man that ever lived , can think of no better way to determine the natural mother of a child in dispute than to threaten to divide the child in half .
( Note : This does not take into account the possibility of mental derangement on the part of the natural mother . )
1KI 4:29 God gave Solomon wisdom as measureless as the sand on the seashore .
1 KI 6:2 , 2CH 3:3 Solomon 's temple was only about ninety feet long by thirty feet wide , yet :
1KI 5:15 - 16 153,300 persons were employed to build it .
1 KI 6:38 It took seven years to build .
1CH 22:14 ~7,500,000 lbs. of gold and ~ 75,000,000 lbs. of silver were used .
1CH 23:4 24,000 supervisors and 6,000 officials and judges were employed to manage it .
( Note : Inasmuch as there seems to be uncertainty as to the exact weight of the biblical talent , some estimates place the weight of gold at more than 13,000,000 lbs. and the weight of silver at more than 116,000,000 lbs . )
1KI 10:24 The whole world sought an audience with Solomon to hear his wisdom .
1KI 17:2 - 6 The Lord commands ravens to bring bread and meat to Elijah .
1KI 18:33 -38
Fire consumes wet wood , stones , and dust , and " licks up " water .
2KI 6:5 - 7 An iron axe head " swims " ( or floats ) .
2CH 9:23
All the kings on earth sought the presence of Solomon to hear his wisdom .
2KI 13:21 A man who is being buried comes alive after touching the bones of Elisha .
2KI 16:2 , 20 , 18:1 - 2
Ahaz was thirty - six years old when he died .
His twenty - five - year - old son Hezekiah succeeded him .
Thus Ahaz was a ten or eleven year old father .
2KI 19:35 ( KJV ) " ... the angel of the Lord ... smote ... an hundred four score and five thousand : and when they arose early in the morning ... they were all dead .... "
2KI 20:11 The shadow on a sun dial moves backwards .
2CH 7:5 , 8 - 9 Solomon sacrificed 22,000 oxen and 120,000 sheep in one week .
This is 845 + animals per hour , 14 + animals per minute , for seven days straight .
2CH 21:20 , 22:1 - 2
Ahaziah was forty - two when he became king ; he succeeded his father , who died at the age of forty .
Thus , Ahaziah was two years older than his father .
[ Note : Some translations use " twenty - two " here in an attempt to rectify this discrepancy .
The Hebrew is clear , however , that 2CH 22:2 is 42 .
The Hebrew words involved are Strong 's H705 and H8147 , " forty " and " two , " respectively . ]
2CH 13:3 Abijah sent 400,000 men into battle against Jeroboam 's 800,000 men .
This is a total of 1,200,000 men , all of them Jews .
( Note : Assuming one additional woman per man of fighting age , plus two persons per man [ either older persons or children ] would put the Jewish population of the surrounding area at a minimum of 4,800,000 persons ; hardly feasible . )
2CH 13:17 500,000 Israelites are slain in a single battle .
( Note : This is more than were lost in any single battle of World War II , and even exceeds the number of deaths that resulted from the dropping of the atomic bombs on Nagasaki and Hiroshima . )
ES 6:6 , JB 19:27 , PS 7:9 , 16:7 , 73:21 , PR 23:7 , 16 , IS 10:7 , JE 11:20 , 17:10 , 20:12 , MT 9:4 , LK 2:19 , 9:47 , AC 8:22 , RO 10:9-10 , HE 4:12 , RE 2:23 ( See KJV especially . )
Thought occurs in the heart .
The kidneys ( " reins " ) are the seat of conscience .
( Note :
This is not merely a poetic use of these terms , as is now claimed .
In early times , it was actually believed that various body organs other than the brain were responsible for our thoughts , feelings , actions and the like .
The heart was believed to be the seat of thought processes and beliefs , while the kidneys were thought to be the seat of conscience . )
JB 9:6 ( KJV )
God shakes the earth out of its place and makes its pillars tremble .
JB 9:7 God can make the sun not rise and seal up the stars .
JB 28:28 , PS 111:10 , PR 1:7 , 9:10 , 15:33 , IS 33:6 Fear of the Lord is equated with obtaining wisdom .
PS 121:6
It is apparently possible to suffer moonstroke as well as sunstroke .
PR 19:23 , 22:4 Fear of the Lord brings freedom from trouble(s ) .
Humility and fear of the Lord bring wealth , honor , and life .
PR 20:30 Blows that wound cleanse away evil .
IS 30:26 The moon will someday be as bright as the sun now is .
( Note : Until relatively recent times , the moon and the planets were thought to give off their own light . )
IS 38:8 The shadow of the Sun is made to move backwards .
IS 40:22 The earth is a circle .
( Note :
The earth is really a sphere , not a circle , and this verse does not imply a sphere as some believers like to infer . )
JE 20:7 , EZ 14:9 Jeremiah says that the Lord deceived his own prophet .
God himself says that he deceives his own prophets in order to get rid of them .
EZ 37:1-10
Dry bones come alive .
AM 8:9 The Sun will be made to set at noon in " clear day . "
MT 4:8
There is a high mountain from which all the kingdoms of the world can be seen .
( Note : This implies a flat earth . )
MT 4:23 -24 , 9:32-33 , 12:22 , 17:14-18 , MK 1:23-26 , 32-34 , 5:2-16 , 9:17-29 , 16:9 , LK 11:14 , 4:33-35 , 8:2 , 27-36 , 9:38-42 , AC 8:7 , 16:16 -18
Both physical and mental illness are caused by demon possession and can be cured by exorcism .
MT 7:7-8 , LK 11:9-10
Ask and it will be given .
Seek and you will find .
Everyone who asks , receives .
MT 13:41 Jesus will send his angels to purge his kingdom of evildoers and sin .
( Note : How did evildoers get into his kingdom in the first place ? )
MT 17:20 , 21:21 , MK 9:23 , 10:27 , 11:23 , LK 17:6 Faith can move mountains .
Nothing is impossible if you have faith [ as small as ] a grain of mustard seed .
MT 18:19
If two [ believers ] agree about anything they ask , God will do it for them .
MT 21:22 , MK 11:24
Whatever you ask in prayer , if you have faith , you will receive it .
MT 24:29-30
Although the sun and the moon have been darkened and the stars have fallen from heaven , there is still enough light to see .
MT 26:52
All who take the sword will perish by it .
MT 27:52 -53
The bodies of dead saints arise and go in force in the city .
MK 11:12 - 14 , 20 -21 Jesus curses a fig tree for not bearing fruit out of season .
( Note : Rather than cause the fig tree to wither and to bear fruit never again , he could have performed a miracle and made it bear fruit even out of season . )
MK 16:17 - 18
Those who believe are able to handle snakes and drink any deadly poison without suffering harm .
( Note : Many unfortunate believers have died as a result of handling snakes and / or drinking poison ; this kind of assertion negates the Bible as a useful guidebook for life .
It should also be noted that the oldest manuscripts of Mark end at MK 16:8 ; as the footnotes to The New Oxford Annotated Bible put it , verses 9 - 20 cannot have been part of the original text of Mark . )
LK 1:39 - 42
The fetus in Elizabeth 's womb jumps for joy when Elizabeth hears Mary ( who is pregnant with Jesus ) .
LK 22:28-30 Jesus assigns each of his twelve disciples ( including Judas , his betrayer ) a place ( or throne ) in his kingdom .
JN 6:24-30
A large crowd of persons ( probably several thousand ) asks Jesus for a sign so that they might see and believe .
This occurs immediately following the Feeding of the Multitude which should have been one of the greatest miracles and most convincing signs of all time .
JN 8:51 Jesus says : " ... if anyone keeps my word , he will never see death . "
JN 12:34 A crowd of persons ( speaking in unison ? ) asks Jesus a thirty word question .
JN 16:23 Jesus says : " Whatever you ask in my name , my Father will give you . "
RO 10:17 - 18 , CN 1:23
The gospel had already been preached to every living creature even in Paul 's time .
2CO 12:2
There are at least three heavens .
2CO 12:4
There are things which cannot be told -- things which man cannot utter .
GA 1:8-9 An angel ( from God ? ) who preaches a gospel contrary to that of Paul will incur Paul 's wrath .
1TI 5:11 Younger widows want to marry because their sensual desires overcome their dedication to Christ .
1TI 6:10 The love of money is the root of all evil(s ) .
( Note : Some translations emend the text to read , " The love of money is the root of all kinds of evils , " or something similar , in an attempt to ameliorate an obvious problem .
Those additional words are not there in the Greek of the oldest and most reliable manuscripts . )
TS 1:12 " One of themselves , even a prophet of their own , said , The Cretans are always liars .... "
( Figure the logic of this verse - - if you can ! )
HE 7:1 - 3 Melchizedek had no mother or father , no beginning or end .
RE 14:1 - 4
Heaven is to be inhabited in part by 144,000 virgin men who have not been " defiled " by women .
RE 21:16
The city of New Jerusalem ( where the residents of heaven reside ) is only about 1500 miles square .
Links to other articles in this series :
Key to Abbreviations
Introduction to the Bible and Biblical Problems
Fatal Bible Flaws ?
Bible Atrocities
Bible Inconsistencies : Bible Contradictions ?
Bible Precepts : Questionable Guidelines ?
Bible Vulgarities
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. stocks posted their best day in four months on Tuesday after Citigroup said it was profitable in the first two months of 2009 .
Major indexes jumped off 12 - year lows in heavy trading after a key lawmaker said he expected the reinstatement of a rule that makes it harder to bet that a stock will fall .
Financials led the huge rally , rising 16 percent after Citigroup Inc C.NChief Executive Vikram Pandit also stated in a memo to staff of what was once the largest U.S. bank that he was confident about its capital strength .
Adding to the positive tone , U.S. Rep. Barney Frank , chairman of the U.S. House Financial Services Committee , said he is hopeful the Securities and Exchange Commission will reimpose the “ uptick ” rule in about a month .
The rule slows the pace of short selling , or bets that a stock will fall , and could help calm volatile markets .
“ There ’s been significant short covering in the financials today as a result of comments from Citi ’s chairman lending a stronger tone to the financials overall , ” said Michael James , senior trader at regional investment bank Wedbush Morgan in Los Angeles .
“ The uptick rule possibly going back into effect would also be a significant positive for the financials .
It would make it harder to short stocks , ” he added .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI gained 379.44 points , or 5.80 percent , to 6,926.49 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX climbed 43.07 points , or 6.37 percent , to 719.60 .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 89.64 points , or 7.07 percent , to 1,358.28 .
This was the Dow ’s largest percentage gain since November 21 , 2008 , and its fifth - biggest percentage increase since December 31 , 2007 .
According to Reuters data , the benchmark S&P 500 went into Tuesday ’s session at its most oversold condition in five months , when measured by its 50 - day relative strength index .
Rep .
Frank also echoed earlier comments from Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , who called for “ improvements ” in mark - to - market regulations , rather than suspending them .
Many have attributed these accounting rules for increasing losses and writedowns on bank balance sheets .
The last time the S&P rose this much was after the U.S. government decided to rescue Citigroup for the first time in late November , when it agreed to pump $ 20 billion of new capital into the bank to avert a collapse that could have crippled the world ’s financial system .
Shares of Citigroup , in which the government more recently took a large common equity stake to help shore it up , jumped 38.1 percent to $ 1.45 .
Citi ’s stock has fallen about 78 percent year to date .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Other bank shares rallied , with Bank of America BAC.N up nearly 28 percent at $ 4.79 , and Wells Fargo WFC.N up 18.5 percent at $ 11.81 .
An S&P index of financial stocks .
GSPF popped up 15.6 percent .
JPMorgan JPM.N was the Dow 's top performer with nearly a 23 percent jump to $ 19.50 .
All 30 Dow components were in positive territory .
The advance by financial shares marks a turnaround in investor sentiment after the sector has been hammered recently as banks ’ credit losses swelled .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
After the closing bell , U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said in an interview with Public Broadcasting ’s Charlie Rose that the country was facing a deepening recession , but policy action would restore growth .
Other standouts included technology shares , with a jump in bellwethers like Apple Inc AAPL .
O halting a three - day sell - off in the sector .
The iPhone maker 's stock , up 6.6 percent at $ 88.63 , provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq 100 .
NDX .
Microsoft MSFT.O gained 8.8 percent to $ 16.48 while Qualcomm QCOM .
O added 7.2 percent to $ 35.36 .
Highlighting the broad - based rally , the Dow Jones Home Construction index .
DJUSHB climbed 15 percent , led by Pulte Homes PHM.N and D.R. Horton Inc DHI.N .
Trading was heavy on the New York Stock Exchange , with about 2.19 billion shares changing hands , above last year ’s estimated daily average of 1.49 billion , while on Nasdaq , about 2.39 billion shares traded , above last year ’s daily average of 2.28 billion .
Volume on the NYSE was the second largest for the year .
Advancing stocks outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by
a ratio of about 14 to 1 , while on the Nasdaq , about five stocks rose for every one that fell .
CALGARY–Violence erupted Saturday afternoon as about 30 members of a white supremacist group and hundreds of anti-racism protesters clashed in downtown Calgary .
At least two people suffered head injuries after they were struck by hurled projectiles and police arrested three people .
The Anti-Racist Action group gathered outside city hall to commemorate the International Day to Eliminate Racial Discrimination .
As they marched through the downtown , a bus carrying members of the Alberta - based neo -Nazi Aryan Guard arrived in the same area .
In all , about 500 people from the two groups clashed outside a transit station , which led to train and bus service briefly being shut down .
Some of the anti-racism protesters were angered that police escorted the Aryan Guard members on a march they claimed celebrated " White Pride World Day " in remembrance of their European culture and heritage .
" Stop protecting racists , " they screamed at officers , who tried to form a human wall separating the two groups .
Members of the neo - Nazi group – many wearing sunglasses and scarves over their faces to hide their identities – waved white - power flags and signs bearing swastikas , and shouted expletives at the crowd .
As the clash heated up , water bottles , snow and placards rained down on the Aryans , who carried signs reading : " White pride , why not ? "
Jason Devine , a spokesperson for the Anti-Racist Action group , said the white supremacists have to be exposed and ignoring them sends the wrong message to the public .
" Today 's action wo n't get rid of the Aryan Guard , but it definitely is a blow to them , " he said .
" The only way to deal with this type of virulent and violent racism is social ostracism – letting them know that this is not acceptable in this community . "
Aryan Guard supporters Kelsey , 15 , and Meghan , 18 , who declined to give their last names , said they 're not racists .
" I like being white and I think they take it the wrong way , " said Kelsey , wearing a black scarf around her neck emblazoned with a white circle and cross in the middle .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Calgary police have said the Aryan Guard has been trying to recruit students at Calgary schools .
The average income of all households in 2000 was $ 42,700 , while the 13,400 households at the very top had an average income of $ 24 million each or 560 times the average .
It was not always this way .
In 1970 the very top group had about 100 times the average .
Clearly the only significant income gains over three decades went to a very narrow slice at the top .
After adjusting for inflation , for each dollar of income in 1970 the top 13,400 households had four additional dollars plus a dime to spend in 2000 , while the average household in the bottom 99 percent had only eight cents more per dollar .
The enormous concentration of income among a very very few becomes even clearer with a simple comparison of income growth between 1970 and 2000 .
How did the top one hundredth of 1 percent compare to the bottom 99 percent ?
For each dollar of additional income going to each of those in the bottom 99 percent of Americans the richest each averaged an astonishing $ 7,500 .
Applying the National Bureau of Economic Research report to the incomes reported on tax returns in 2000 produces an astonishing result .
The 13,400 top households had slightly more income than the 96 million poorest Americans .
That is a chasm vastly greater than the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities reported when it said that the top 2.7 million had as much as the bottom 100 million .
The data show that slices of the pie have changed , with a few getting a lot bigger share and many getting less .
Now let 's look at a second way to analyze the data by examining actual incomes , at what Piketty and Saez found about how much money people at each income level made in 2000 compared to 1970 .
What Piketty and Saez showed from the official government data was that two decades after the promise that lowering tax rates and reducing regulation would benefit everyone , the income gains were flowing straight up to the top of the income ladder .
Even the derisive description by critics captured in the phrase " trickle - down economics " was not proving out .
At the bottom there was less money for food , shelter and clothing .
Four out of five Americans were making less or were no better off in 2000 than in 1970 .
People in the middle class and even those making more than 95 percent of their fellow Americans were working harder than ever and going nowhere fast .
For those on the ninetieth rung of the ladder , average income in 2000 was $ 90,271 , which , after adjusting for inflation , was a one - fourth increase from the $ 72,320 in 1970 .
In real terms incomes for those on the ninetieth rung rose at less than 1 percent per year , which was far less than the rate of growth in the economy .
Rick Simpson and the crew at Evo Design Solutions know a thing or two about speed , having worked on grand - prix motorcycles and Le Mans race cars .
Now they 're applying that expertise to a race - ready electric motorcycle as unusual as it is innovative .
Everything about the EV - 0 RR seems to break from traditional motorcycle design : the carbon - fiber monocoque chassis , the forkless single - sided front suspension and the twin electric motors propelling it all .
The irony is these ideas have been around for decades .
The first monocoque bike hit the track in 1967 , single - sided front suspension appeared in 1949 and the earliest patents for electric motorcycles were filed in the late 1860s .
But Evo is updating all this technology and packaging it in a greener motorcycle promised to deliver the thrill of a fossil - fuel burning crotch rocket when it lines up on the grid at the TTXGP zero- emissions grand prix in June .
" It will offer the performance of a superbike , " Simpson told Wired.com .
" I 'm quite confident of that . "
It will have to if the British engineering firm hopes to stand out in the growing field of high - performance electric motorcycles .
Major manufacturers like Honda and KTM are following a growing number startups down the electric path .
Most of the battery bikes have been limited to scooters like the Vectrix VX - 1E or motocrossers like the Zero X from Zero Motorcycles .
But a community of knee - draggers do n't believe going fast and going green should be mutually exclusive .
British entrepreneur Azhar Hussein has an electric sport bike capable of zero to 60 in 3.8 seconds .
He will showcase it at the TTXGP he 's hosting June 12 on the Isle of Man , although it is not slated to compete in the event .
A San Francisco firm led by former Tesla Motors engineer Forrest North says its electric motorcycle can do 150 mph .
It plans to compete in the TTXGP and says the bike will be on sale next year .
Simpson , an avid motorcyclist and co-director of the automotive and motorcycle engineering firm Evo Design Solutions , said he was drawn to the race because of the engineering opportunity it presents .
" It 's a challenge to design something that does n't yet exist , " he said .
" There are electric motorcycles , but no true electric sports motorcycles . "
Like Mission Motors , Evo Design stands out for the depth of its experience .
The iconic British motorcycle company Triumph is among its biggest customers , and its five employees have worked on " everything from submarines to glass bottles , " Simpson said .
Still , the EV - 0 RR ( Electric Vehicle , zero emissions , Road Race ) is the first project the six - year - old firm has done on its own .
The aesthetics came from motorcycle design house Xenophya , but almost everything else about it – beyond the motors and battery – are being designed and built in - house .
" We 've really gotten a chance to get our hands dirty , " Simpson said .
One of the biggest challenges is getting all the electric bits to fit and packaging them so the weight does n't throw the handling off .
A traditional frame limits the placement of the battery pack and motors , so Evo opted for a monocoque that encloses the drivetrain like a shell .
" A monocoque does n't use a frame , so you 've got a lot more room , " he said .
" It 's almost mandatory for an electric motorcycle because it gives you much greater latitude in placing the batteries .
It 's also incredibly stiff . "
Spanish motorcycle company Ossa produced the first monocoque motorcycle in 1967 , and Peter Williams won the 1973 Isle of Man TT motorcycle race on the monocoque Norton pictured below .
Honda used a monocoque on the on the 1979 NR500 race bike , and the current Ninja ZX - 14 features an aluminum monocoque .
A prototype of the EV - 0 RR uses a monocoque manufactured a few years ago .
It weighs about 44 pounds , but Simpson says the technology used to build it has advanced and he 's confident the race - ready chassis will weigh considerably less .
The forkless front suspension is a double wishbone design based on that of the GTS1000 that Yamaha produced from 1993 and 1996 .
Imme , a German manufacturer , used a similar design from 1949 to 1951 .
Simpson says the design provides greater rigidity and stability under braking .
" It 's proven technology , " Simpson said .
" It makes a lot of sense . "
Evo has n't picked a battery supplier yet and wo n't offer any details on what might appear on the EV - 0 RR except to say it will use lithium chemistry .
The motors are from Green Motorsport , but Simpson 's keeping mum on the specs and wo n't say why he 's using two of them .
Without knowing what kind of batteries they 'll use , Simpson says , it 's impossible to say what the bike will weigh .
And though Evo has some performance benchmarks it is shooting for , Simpson wo n't share them .
He does n't want to tip his hand to the 40 or so other teams .
" This is a very competitive race , " he said .
Still , Hussein says his 364 - pound TTX uses lithium - phosphate batteries .
It will do zero to 60 in 3.8 seconds and , depending upon the gearing , as much as 135 mph .
Mission Motors is shooting for 150 mph from a 3 - phase AC induction motor and a liquid - cooled lithium - ion battery with a range of 150 miles .
Ensuring the bike has enough juice to finish the race will be the biggest challenge .
The TTXGP will use the same winding 37.73 - mile course as the famed Isle of Man TT race , where riders maintain an average speed of more than 120 mph and navigate more than 200 curves .
" Range is always an issue with anything electric , " Simpson said .
" We wo n't have the option of recharging or replacing the battery , so we 'll have to do one complete circuit .
That 's going to be one of the challenges , but then , everyone 's facing the same challenge . "
And that 's one reason Evo was drawn to the TTXGP .
The technology is so new and the possibilities so broad that anyone can win .
It 's a big change from conventional motorcycle racing , which tends to be dominated by a few teams backed by a few manufacturers , Simpson said .
Evo Design is bringing two bikes to the race .
Olie Linsdell will ride the EV - 0 RR in the pro class .
Paul Owen will ride in the open class on a slightly less high - tech model that may use a conventional fork to save money .
Both are seasoned racers with loads of experience on the Isle of Man.
Prototypes will appear at upcoming track days , but Simpson says the race - ready bikes wo n't be seen until race day .
The firm has no plans to mass - produce either bike , but the race rules require that open - class bikes be offered for sale at the conclusion of the race for no more than 20,000 pounds ( about $ 28,000 ) , so there 's a chance you could get one .
" If there 's a big long queue of people lining up for it , " Simpson said , " we 'll make more . "
Photos : Evo Design Solutions .
Used with permission .
See Also :
This is an early prototype of the EV - 0 RR with a two - piece monocoque chassis , conventional fork and swingarm .
The pro-class entry in the TTXGP will have single - sided front suspension and swingarm .
The monocoque bolts together like a clamshell on the vertical axis , enclosing the drivetrain .
The design allows greater flexibility in packaging the battery and motors for optimal weight distribution .
The monocoque design of the EV - 0 RR was inspired by this Norton designed and raced by Peter Williams , who won the 1973 Isle of Man TT .
It also used a monocoque chassis , a design pioneered by Spanish manufacturer Ossa in 1967 .
The single - sided wishbone front suspension on the EV - 0 RR was inspired by the Yamaha GTS1000 shown here in race trim .
Evo says the design offers greater rigidity and stability than conventional telescopic forks .
( UPI ) A team of mechanics at a Utah car dealership disassembled the dashboard of a woman 's car to rescue a kitten that climbed into the inner workings of the vehicle and got stuck .
John Chambers - Thieling , a service adviser for Tim Dahle Nissan in Murray , said the woman called the dealership to ask if they could help rescue a kitten trapped ... Read more
Reasons to Avoid Microsoft
These pages are a compilation of links and quotes to news articles and others sources that might help convince you to switch to Linux .
Re : The Courteeners covering The Smiths
I absolutely love this band .
And not just cos theyre Moz ' flava of the month .
Liam F , I think really does have a lovely singing voice .
Many will say " oh theyre too pop-ish , too commercial blah blah blah " I dont give a f*** , I like their music , puts me in a good mood .
Some of the lyrics are actually quite catchy and smart .
Im a bit put off by the fact that Ive been DYING to see these lads play L.A for the past two years almost , and the 1st time I might see them is at a huge outdoor festival , Coachella .
Im hoping they do one or two L.A. gigs right after Coachella or continue on with Moz on the West Coast / L.A. dates .
LONDON  A Spanish court has taken the first steps toward opening a criminal investigation into allegations that six former high - level Bush administration officials violated international law by providing the legal framework to justify the torture of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , an official close to the case said .
The case , against former Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales and others , was sent to the prosecutor ’s office for review by Baltasar Garzón , the crusading investigative judge who ordered the arrest of the former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet .
The official said that it was “ highly probable ” that the case would go forward and that it could lead to arrest warrants .
The move represents a step toward ascertaining the legal accountability of top Bush administration officials for allegations of torture and mistreatment of prisoners in the campaign against terrorism .
But some American experts said that even if warrants were issued their significance could be more symbolic than practical , and that it was a near certainty that the warrants would not lead to arrests if the officials did not leave the United States .
The complaint under review also names John C. Yoo , the former Justice Department lawyer who wrote secret legal opinions saying the president had the authority to circumvent the Geneva Conventions , and Douglas J. Feith , the former under secretary of defense for policy .
( CNN ) -- Comedian and TV host Stephen Colbert has warned NASA to name a new wing of the international space station after him or he would " seize power as space 's evil tyrant overlord . "
Stephen Colbert threatened NASA that he might become " space 's evil tyrant overlord . "
A NASA spokesman said the U.S. space agency is aware of Colbert 's threat , issued Monday night on Comedy Central 's " Colbert Report , " but no decision will be made on the node 's name until next week .
Colbert topped NASA 's online poll soliciting names for the wing , with 230,539 of the more than 1.1 million votes cast , according to NASA spokesman John Yembrick .
The runner - up was Serenity , which Colbert said is not an appropriate name .
" That 's not a space station , " Colbert said .
" That 's an adult diaper . "
Serenity was the name of a spaceship in the television series " Firefly , " which spawned a 2005 movie .
The contest rules spelled out that NASA reserves the right to " ultimately select a name in accordance with the best interests of the agency .
...
Such name may not necessarily be one which is on the list of voted - on candidate names . "
NASA 's hedging prompted a Pennsylvania congressman to urge the agency to name the node after the comedian .
Do n't Miss Colbert tops poll to name NASA space module
" The people have spoken , and Stephen Colbert won it fair and square , even if his campaign was a bit over the top , " Rep. Chaka Fattah said .
Fattah sits on the congressional committee that oversees NASA 's funding .
" NASA , I urge you to heed Congressman Fattah 's call for democracy in orbit , " Colbert said .
" Either name that node after me , or I , too , will reject democracy and seize power as space 's evil tyrant overlord . "
NASA 's Yembrick said he watched Colbert 's show Monday , but he would not directly respond to his " evil tyrant overlord " threat .
" We think it 's great that he and his audience are taking an interest , " Yembrick said .
Several media outlets have reported that NASA is working on a compromise in which it would slap the droll Colbert 's name on a piece of " mission essential " equipment in the new wing : the toilet .
Colbert 's loyal fans , lovingly called the Colbert Nation , have in the past bombarded polls to have things named after their idol .
Thanks to them , the comedian out - polled every other name in a bridge - naming contest in Hungary .
The country 's government later said it cannot name the bridge after him because he does not speak Hungarian and is not deceased .
Colbert also tried to get himself on Democratic and Republican primary ballots in his home state of South Carolina in 2007 .
The Democratic Party 's executive council voted against his inclusion , and he did not qualify for the Republican primary because he missed the deadline .
But ice - cream maker Ben and Jerry named a flavor in honor of him , Colbert 's AmeriCone Dream .
And Virgin America named one of its planes Air Colbert .
All About Stephen Colbert • NASA • International Space Station
Climate change deniers are " ridiculous " and akin to " flat - earthers " , according to Sir Nicholas Stern , who advised the government about the economic threat posed by global warming .
The respected economist compared climate naysayers to those who deny the link between smoking and cancer or HIV and Aids in the face of mounting scientific evidence .
Stern — who prepared his influential report to the UK Treasury in 2007 at Gordon Brown 's request — said the evidence that human - induced climate change was occurring was " crystal clear " .
" If you look at all the serious scientists in the world , there is no big disagreement on the basics of this ... it would be absolute lunacy to act as if climate change is not occurring , " he said .
His comments came in response to news that the Czech president Václav Klaus would this week attend a New York conference of climate change naysayers from around the world .
Stern said Klaus was " totally confused on this issue " and liked to " gather rather confused people around him " .
The US - based Heartland Institute , which had been funded by Exxon Mobil until 2006 , launched its gathering of more than 70 participants in an event entitled ' Global warming :
Was it ever really a crisis ? '
Lord Stern addressed a large conference in London yesterday , organised by the Department for International Development , where he said the battle against poverty and the management of climate change were the " two great challenges of the 21st century " .
" We know that greenhouse gases are rising .
And we know the [ global ] temperature is rising .
We can look back through ice - core data and see over 800,000 years , relationships between carbon dioxide and the temperature of the world , " he told the Guardian .
" So those people who deny the importance of climate change are just wasting their time .
They 're also being diversionary because if we do n't act the risks are enormous . "
Asked if the public debate on the issue was being won , he said : " Those who say that climate change does n't exist are being understood as the flat - earthers that they are , as the people who deny the link between smoking and cancer , as the people who denied the link between HIV and AIDS .
" They are marginal and they are ridiculous .
And they are very confused . "
He admitted that while some time still had to be spent dealing with " the silly arguments that [ deniers ] put " , discussions around the world had moved on and were focused on the details of " reducing emissions and managing the impact of climate change " .
His comments will be bolstered this week by President Barack Obama 's directive that American government agencies should pick advisers based on expertise , not political ideology .
The move was hailed by scientists who felt the previous administration had filled agencies with supporters who shared George Bush 's scepticism about climate change .
In 2007 a US committee on oversight and government reform published a report documenting systematic efforts " to censor climate scientists by controlling their access to the press and editing testimony to Congress " by the Bush administration .
In addition to the Chrome 2.0 beta , work for the Linux version of Chrome is on its way .
Its official name is currently “ Chromium , ” and Google Chrome for Linux does n’t officially exist yet .
For the sake of argument , however , Google Chrome for Linux is on its way whether it ’s currently in a Chromium and pre-alpha state or not , and now Ubuntu users can get a hold of Chromium to take for a spin .
In this article , learn how to install the current build of Chromium to test on your Ubuntu or Ubuntu - based system and see several screenshots of the budding browser .
According to Lee Matthews at Download Squad , Chromium runs just as fast on Ubuntu as the current Windows version of Chrome does .
Its only drawbacks are that there are several features , including tabs and bookmarks bars , that currently are n’t functional .
Even still , excited young Linux buffs who also have a love of Chrome will give their eyeteeth to get Chromium .
Thankfully eyeteeth are n’t required .
All that must be done is the following , as instructed by Matthews :
Thanks to the PPA for Chromium daily builds team , getting the pre-alpha Chromium browser running on your system is about as painless as it can be at this stage .
You ’ll need to add repositories , of course .
They are ( substitute jaunty or hardy if needed ) :
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main < br />
deb-src http://ppa.launchpad.net/chromium-daily/ppa/ubuntu intrepid main
Once they ’ve been added , running sudo apt - get install chromium - browser in a terminal window will take care of the rest .
After the package has finished installing , just execute chromium - browser to fire it up .
To excite those aforementioned Linux / Chrome admirers , below are some screenshots of Chromium itself in delicious 32 - bit colors as run on Crunchbang Linux .
As always , we see Google includes its funny way of getting the word across integrated into the browser .
Oh , look .
It renders .
Menus are a go .
Same Acid results on Linux as on Windows .
The download dialog is somewhat … decimated , one might say .
However , remembering that this is a pre-alpha release , we know the best is yet to come .
Do you like these ?
You can see all twelve in their fuller resolutions .
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
Weather satellite launch
The NOAA - N Prime weather observatory launches from California aboard a Delta 2 rocket on Feb . 6 .
Play
Carbon observatory
Preview of the Orbiting Carbon Observatory , NASA 's first spacecraft dedicated to mapping the global distribution of carbon dioxide .
Play
Expedition 19 crew
The Russian commander and two American astronauts to serve aboard the space station during the Expedition 19 mission hold this pre-flight news briefing .
Play
Delta 4 - Heavy launch
The Delta 4 - Heavy rocket launches a new intelligence - gathering satellite for the nation .
Full coverage
STS - 119 : Shuttle on pad
Shuttle Discovery rolls to pad 39A for its February launch to the space station .
Play
STS - 119 : The programs
In advance of shuttle Discovery 's STS - 119 mission to the station , managers from both programs discuss the flight .
Play
STS - 119 : The mission
A detailed preview of Discovery 's mission to deliver and activate the space station 's final power truss is provided in this briefing .
Play
STS - 119 : Spacewalks
Four spacewalks are planned during Discovery 's STS - 119 mission to the station .
Play
STS - 119 : The Crew
The Discovery astronauts , led by commander Lee Archambault , meet the press in the traditional pre-flight news conference .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
Seeking out new worlds : Kepler ready to launch
BY WILLIAM HARWOOD
STORY WRITTEN FOR CBS NEWS " SPACE PLACE " & USED WITH PERMISSION
Posted : March 5 , 2009
Credit : NASA
In a galaxy of 200 billion or more stars , one could argue planets like Earth - orbiting suitable stars in habitable " Goldilocks " zones where water exists in liquid form and the temperature is not too hot or too cold - must be common .
After all , if only a tiny fraction of the Milky Way 's stars harbor such planets , one could still expect untold thousands , if not millions , of potentially habitable worlds .
And with numbers like that , it 's not at all unreasonable to suppose life arose on at least some of them .
Extending that argument to the countless galaxies populating the observable universe , one could easily assume the cosmos must be teeming with life .
But statistics alone prove nothing about how solar systems might be constructed .
While more than 340 planets have been detected orbiting other stars , the limitations of Earth - based observations mean , with a few exceptions , only huge , Jupiter - class gas giants have been identified to date , many of them orbiting hellishly close to their parent stars .
Whether such seemingly strange solar system architectures are common or whether they are simply easier to detect using current methods , is not yet clear .
Whether Earth - like planets are common or rare is simply unknown .
But it is a question with profound implications , one at the heart of any debate about the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe .
NASA plans to take a major step toward answering that question , one way or the other , with launch of a Delta 2 rocket Friday carrying a sophisticated solar - powered satellite called Kepler that is equipped with one of the most powerful digital cameras ever built for space .
The $ 591 million mission is scheduled for liftoff from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at 10:49:57 p.m. EST .
" To this point in time , if you asked me are there other earth 's out there , I 'd say absolutely , there have to be , we can't be so special , " said NASA science chief Ed Weiler .
" But if you ask me to prove it , I can 't . "
The Kepler mission " very possibly could tell us that earths are very , very common , that we have lots of neighbors out there .
Or , it could tell us that earth 's are really , really , really rare , perhaps we 're the only Earth , " Weiler said .
" I think that would be a very bad answer because I for one do n't want to live in an empty universe where we 're the best there is !
That 's a scary thought to many of us .
But Kepler will tell us that answer and it will tell us soon . "
Trailing the Earth in its orbit around the sun , the Kepler spacecraft will aim a 95 - megapixel camera on a patch of sky the size of an out - stretched hand that contains more than 4.5 million detectable stars .
Of that total , the science team has picked some 300,000 that are of the right age , composition and brightness to host Earth - like planets .
Over the life of the mission , more than 100,000 of those will be actively monitored by Kepler .
Kepler during launch preps in Florida .
Credit : Ben Cooper / Spaceflight Now
The spacecraft 's camera will not take pictures like other space telescopes , rather it will act as a photometer and continually monitor the brightness of candidate stars in its wide field of view and the slight dimming that will result if planets happen to pass in front .
By studying subtle changes in brightness from such planetary transits - comparable to watching a flea creep across a car 's headlight at night - and the timing of repeated cycles , computer analysis can ferret out potential Earth - like worlds in habitable - zone orbits .
The probability of finding sun-like stars with Earth - like planets in orbits simliar to ours - and aligned so that Kepler can " see " them - is about one - half of 1 percent .
Given the sample size , however , that still leaves hundreds of potential discoveries .
But it will take three - and - a - half years of around - the - clock observations to capture the repeated cycles needed to confirm detection of an Earth - like world .
" Kepler is designed to find hundreds of Earth - size planets , if such planets are common around stars , dozen of these planets , if they are in the habitable zone , " said William Borucki , Kepler principal investigator at NASA 's Ames Research Center .
" If we find that many , it certainly will mean that life may well be common throughout our galaxy because there 's an opportunity for life to have a place to evolve .
If , on the other hand , we do n't find any , that will be another profound discovery .
It will mean that Earths must be very rare , we might be the only life in our Universe .
In fact , it will mean there will be no Star Trek . "
But he quickly added : " We are hoping to find hundreds , of course .
... Although Kepler will not find E.T. , it is hoping to find E.T. 's home . "
Jon Morse , director of astrophysics at NASA headquarters in Washington , described Kepler as " our planetary census taker . "
" We 're going to get the full sweep of the types of planets in different types of orbits around different types of stars through a big cross-section of our galaxy , " he said .
" It is going to shape the way that we formulate our plans for future missions on our quest to find Earth - like planets and study their atmospheres and look for the bio-markers like the types of molecules in our atmosphere that may indicate life . "
Said Michael Bicay , director of science at the Ames Research Center : " The ramifications of the results of this mission , whatever those results are , are going to be significant in our understanding of the frequency of Earth - size planets in the local galaxy and the habitable zones . "
Where Kepler will look .
Credit : NASA
See larger image here
Named in honor of Johannes Kepler , the 17th century Copernican astronomer who formulated the laws of planetary motion , NASA 's newest science satellite weighs 2,320 pounds and measures 15.3 feet from top to bottom .
It is equipped with four solar panels capable of generating 1,100 watts of power , a radiation - hardened PowerPC flight computer and a Ka - band communications link to relay science data back to Earth .
The spacecraft was built by Ball Aerospace of Boulder , Colo .
Following launch from Complex 17B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station , Kepler will pass the moon 's orbit in just two days as it heads into a 371 - day orbit around the sun , separating slowly from Earth .
It will aim itself at a patch of sky near the left wing of Cygnus the Swan , midway between the stars Deneb and Vega .
And then , Kepler will simply stare at the same stars for three - and - a - half years .
The science team will check in twice a week to check the spacecraft 's health and upload commands .
Once a month , Kepler will look away from its target area , point is high - gain antenna toward Earth and downlink stored data .
Every three months , the spacecraft will rotate 90 - degrees around its long axis to keep its fixed solar panels face on to the sun and its radiator pointed toward deep space .
Kepler 's single science instrument is built around a 55 - inch mirror and a 37 - inch corrector plate that represents a modified Schmidt telescope design .
Light from the primary mirror comes to a focus on an assembly of charge coupled devices , or CCDs , similar in operation to the chips used in commercial video and still cameras .
But unlike commercial cameras , Kepler 's Focal Plane Array is made up of 42 CCDs , each one measuring 2.32 inches by 1.1 inches and containing 2,200 by 1,024 picture elements , or pixels , for a total of 95 million pixels .
The focal plane will be maintained at minus 121 degrees Fahrenheit to improve sensitivity and minimize electrical " noise " in the system .
Special lenses will smear out the starlight slightly to make slight changes in brightness more easily detectable .
A technician completes the installation of CCD modules into the focal plane assembly .
Credit : Ball Aerospace
" An Earth - like planet passing in front of a sun- like star is going to cause the brightness of that star to dim by only 1 part per 10,000 , " said Natalie Batalha , a Kepler co-investigator at San Jose State University .
" That 's like looking at a headlight from a great distance and trying to sense the brightness change when a flea crawls across the surface .
But the Kepler instrument is designed to detect such small changes in brightness . "
Kepler will be aimed at the same spot in the sky , measuring 10 degrees by 10 degrees , for the life of the mission , actively observing more than 100,000 candidate stars .
In contrast , the moon 's apparent angular diameter is 0.5 degrees .
The Hubble Space Telescope focuses on areas the size of a rice grain held at arm 's length .
A planetary transit will cause the light from a target star to dim , or wink , on timescales of one to 12 hours , depending on the type of star and the size of the planet 's orbit .
For a planet like Earth passing in front of a star like the sun , the star 's light would dim by just 84 parts per million , or less than 1/100th of 1 percent .
Kepler is capable of detecting Earth - like planets around stars ranging from 600 to 3,000 light years away .
The Kepler team is particularly interested in planets that may orbit within a star 's habitable zone , the region around a star where water on a planet can exist as a liquid .
Habitable zones vary in location depending on a star 's size and brilliance .
By timing changes in a star 's light as a transit occurs , scientists can figure out the size of a presumed planet 's orbit and thus whether it falls in that star 's habitable zone .
" The habitable zone is where we think water will be , " Borucki said .
" If you can find liquid water on the surface , we think we may very well find life there .
So that zone is not too close to the star , because it 's too hot and the water boils .
Not too far away where the water 's condensed and ice - covered , a planet covered with glaciers .
It 's the goldilocks zone , not too hot , not too cold , just right for life . "
Brief changes in a star 's light output imply an extremely hot planet orbiting close to its parent .
Longer transits imply planets at greater distances .
" We are interested in finding planets that are not too hot , not too cold , but just right , " Borucki said .
An artist 's concept of a planet passing in front of its parent star .
Credit : NASA
In its first year of operation , Kepler is expected to discover Jupiter - class super planets orbiting close to their parent stars with periods of just a few days .
The Kepler team requires multiple transits to make sure the photometer is not seeing some other phenomenon , like the passage of an unseen companion star or a major disturbance in the target star 's appearance .
Ground - based astronomers then will be asked to attempt confirmation and only then will results be announced .
" After several months of data processing and confirmation by ground - based telescopes , scientists hope to announce their first results approximately in December 2009 at NASA Headquarters ... about giant planets found in short - period orbits , " NASA said in its Kepler press kit .
" Discovery of Earth - size planets in Earth - like orbits requires nearly the full lifetime of the 3.5 - year mission , although in some cases three transits are seen in just a little more than two years .
Other results that require the full 3.5 years of data are : Planets as small as Mars in short period orbits , which utilizes the addition of dozens or more transits to be detectable ; and the detection of giant - inner planets that do not transit the star , but do periodically modulate the apparent brightness due to reflected light from the planet . "
The first announcement of any Earth - like planets orbiting stars like the sun is not expected before December 2012 .
" What I 'm hoping , expecting to see as a community scientist is in the first six months to a year , the big , massive hot Jupiters are going to roll off the Kepler assembly line , " said Debra Fischer , astronomy professor at San Francisco State University and a veteran exoplanet observer .
" This is exciting because these are bizarre planets .
We do n't really understand the statistics , how they form , how they moved into their current position and just the sheer number of these objects that Kepler will find is going to help us learn a lot about the systems .
" And then the next class of planets I think will roll out will be perhaps the hot Neptunes , " she said .
" Significantly smaller than Jupiter , these objects are thought to exist around something like 30 percent of stars like our sun and low - mass stars .
And if that is correct , then Kepler should see quite a few of these very large , something like 17 times the mass of the Earth , orbiting . "
" And then the hardest detection and by far the most exciting is going to be the detection of bona fide Earths - small , rocky planets , Earth - size planets . "
While such planets are often thought of as terrestrial " rocky " worlds , " I think that the science fiction writers are going to be challenged to imagine the diversity that we could expect to find , even in this type of planets , " Fischer said .
" They may not be rocky worlds , they may be water worlds without plate tectonics that force the landmass up above the oceans .
These could be worlds that , in fact , have life like our oceans , OK ?
But perhaps not sending radio signals to us . "
The Protecters of the Palin Brand
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has put together a group of " brand managers " as she prepares for 2012 .
( AP Photo / Al Grillo )
There is no brand in Republican politics as powerful -- or as tenuous -- as that of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
She is simultaneously the hottest commodity on the Republican fundraising circuit and a figure of ridicule among Democrats ( and even many Independents ) who believe that her status as a national figure is entirely undeserved .
Even Palin and her political team seem to be struggling somewhat with how much or little to expose her at the national level .
Witness the odd back and forth over the past 24 hours regarding her involvement in the annual Republican House - Senate fundraising dinner in June .
Yesterday afternoon the National Republican Congressional Committee and National Republican Senatorial Committee issued a joint press release touting Palin as the keynote speaker at their fundraising dinner on June 8 in Washington .
Then the governor 's spokesman told the Anchorage Daily News that the NRSC and NRCC were mistaken in announcing Palin as the keynoter , insisting that she had agreed to no such thing .
The misunderstanding appeared to be the result of a miscommunication ( or lack of communication ) between Palin 's office in Alaska and her still - forming political team running Sarah PAC .
( The dinner , as we understand it , is on . )
" A lot of people may be able to overlook the campaign , because the McCain team was calling the shots , " said one D.C. - based source familiar with Palin 's political operation .
" But even since the election she has not been served well by her inner circle .
Going forward , there needs to be a seamless operation if they want to position her as a serious contender for 2012 . "
So , who are the figures charged with guiding Palin 's political image in Washington ?
Here 's the lineup based on our conversations with informed strategists .
• John Coale : Coale , a well - known Washington lawyer and the husband of Fox News Channel 's Greta Van Susteren , drew national media attention when he endorsed Sen .
John McCain 's presidential bid in protest of the way in which Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton , who he backed in the primary , was treated .
Coale , in an interview with the Fix , described himself simply as a " friend " of the Alaska governor but acknowledged that he suggested she start a leadership PAC and helped her navigate through some of the questions surrounding her family that lingered after the campaign .
Others familiar with Palin 's political team insist that Coale has far more power than he is letting on -- essentially helping to run Sarah PAC .
Coale demurred on that front , noting only that he talks to Palin regularly and that she is a " fascinating person " who is " definitely not what the right thinks or the left thinks . "
• Meg Stapleton : Stapleton serves as the Alaska spokeswoman for Sarah PAC after having played a similar role for the governor during the vice presidential campaign and in the governor 's office .
Stapleton has been the lead defender of Palin from barbs thrown at her -- often from those allied with McCain -- in the aftermath of the 2008 campaign and , generally , wins positive reviews from Washington insiders not directly allied with the governor .
• Pam Pryor : Pryor is the Washington spokesperson for Sarah PAC after serving as a senior adviser to the Republican National Committee during last year 's general election campaign .
Pryor has previously served in a variety of political jobs in Washington including as press secretary and chief of staff to former Oklahoma Rep. J.C. Watts .
• Becki Donatelli : Donatelli , as we reported a few weeks ago , is officially running Sarah PAC .
She is the chairman of Campaign Solutions , a fundraising and Internet strategy firm based in Virginia .
Song by Aesop Rock , artwork by Jeremy Fish , video by Dan Wolfe
Sharks in the dunk tank , vipers in the garden
Locusts stole the groceries out the local Farmer ’s Market
All God ’s critters hold positions
Some are violent , some are victims
Each alive is an equal and vital piston I support
So when the piranhas honor New York
My daddy long legs dangled and mangled for sport
And while I bring in every dink in the kingdom with open wings
It all boils down to them shit - soaked pigs
The pigs , the pigs , the dregs of what y’all aim for
The gluttonous muddy stomachs under the pudgy cakehole
Two - track braniac using the food and payroll
To chew up and consume every cookie , crumb , and peso
And place a cloven hoof on the lucrative when convenient
As the bourbon - odor smokers ’ coughs smolder off the Cohiba
If Noah had the benefit of hindsight on his ship
He could ’ve snatched two unicorns and left behind the motherfucking …
Pigs !
God damn … pigs !
Potbelly … pigs !
Punch - drunk … pigs !
Take money , money … pigs !
Loudmouth … pigs !
Wide load … pigs !
Let ’s make a deal …
When all the wolves in woolly wigs
Have huffed , and puffed , and blew the bricks
The skulls of Brooklyn ’s cruelest pigs
Will rain on Fulton ’s newest kicks
As mulish swine of all surrounding counties sniff the gruesomeness
We pass around the pineapples and pull the pins in unison
I will gladly feed you to the breed who wants you sacrificed
No pagan or sacrilege , just bacon for scavengers
I will gladly seat you with the chickens , not the passengers
Hopefully the crack in his armor spreads to his avarice
Never that , Wilburs multiply quicker than triples
And hunt their truffles in fistfuls , but it was all bells and whistles
Bougie this and Bougie that …
War pig or pussy cat …
Glitzy to the pork ribs , had to gold - leaf the booby traps
Powder - pink , double - breasted , mess of mud and money
Waddle off the fire to make his stubborn tummy wroggle
And while I do n’t really know the working details of your tribes
I know that that ’s one ugly fucking tie
Asshole … pigs !
God damn … pigs !
Potbelly … pigs !
Punch - drunk … pigs !
Take money , money … pigs !
Loudmouth … pigs !
Wide load … pigs !
Let ’s make a deal …
Apple in his mouth , Maraschino eyes
Party like the butcher boy ’s cleaver is alive
I mosey into sixteen hours of smoke in the misty winter
To see the county fair ’s blue ribbon winner as dinner
Then dance until the sun has kissed your blisters in the morning
As the misery was dormant and digging in crispy portions
Corporates fund , allure ’em , and they whore ’em
Or does he whore to corporates to expand the more important forums for ’em ?
Push the mortar pestle past the ordinary orchard
When the frilly border ’s faded is the product mine or yours , pig ?
Mine , plus I toss a token where I go :
Directly to the worms who shovel shit and yellow snow
This little piggy went to the market with a target
And will subsequently know the armor - piercing forks of farmers
Final words for the finer birds taking notes :
I dig a chicken pig tills , “ That ’s all Folks ! ”
Pigs !
God damn … pigs !
Potbelly … pigs !
Punch - drunk … pigs !
Take money , money … pigs !
Loudmouth … pigs !
Wide load … pigs !
Let ’s make a deal …
So not only is a Scientologist reportedly one of Sarah Palin ’s top advisers , but the man is the husband of FOX News ’ Greta Van Susteren .
And ThinkProgress says that not only did Van Susteren never reveal that her husband was a top Palin adviser , while Van Susteren was interviewing Palin on FOX during the campaign , but TP says that Van Sustern even did stories about her husband ’s work , without revealing her husband ’s involvement in it .
I ’d like to know why a Scientologist is one of Sarah “ Religious Right ” Palin ’s top advisers .
( I ca n’t believe the top religious right groups put up with this . )
And then I ’d like to know why FOX “ News ” is okay with its talent interviewing politicians their family members work for , and reporting on stories involving their own family , and not divulging that fact .
The answer to the second question is easy – FOX does n’t reveal its conflicts because FOX is n’t a real news network , it ’s a Republican propaganda organ .
But the answer to the first question is less obvious .
What is Palin doing cozying up to a Scientologist ?
And for that matter , according to Andrew Halcro , Bill Clinton was very close to the Scientologists , doing their bidding during the 1990s .
That ’s just creepy .
I had no idea .
But now I ’d like to know if Hillary is shilling for the Scientologists while at State as well .
This will make you love the bubbly wonderfulness of piping hot garlic cheese bread .
Mix cheeses with the mayonnaise and the green onions .
Add dash of salt to taste and set aside or keep in fridge until you need it .
Cut loaf of bread in half , then each half into half again .
Working 1/ 4 loaf at a time , melt 2 tablespoons butter in a skillet and add 1/4 of the minced garlic .
Place 1 of the 1/4 loaves face down in the skillet , swirling it to soak up the butter and garlic .
Allow bread to toast in the skillet , removing garlic if it starts to get too brown .
Repeat with remaining butter , garlic , and bread .
Spread cheese mixture on warm loaves and bake in a 425 degree oven until cheese is hot and bubbly , about 10 minutes .
Slice and serve .
Then get on the Stairmaster .
Pronto .
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
If you do n’t love the bubbly wonderfulness of piping hot garlic cheese bread , write this date on your calendar .
Because that ’s all about to change .
Here ’s what you need :
Butter .
One stick .
Softened .
Mayonnaise .
Real mayonnaise .
NOT the demonic Miracle Whip or any of those peculiar low - fat or fat - free varieties .
Garlic .
Cheddar cheese .
Monterey Jack cheese .
Parmesan cheese .
Yum .
A loaf of French bread .
You MUST use really high quality bread from your local artisan bakery or this recipe will be ruined .
Just kidding !
This is Earthgrains brown - and - serve from the grocery aisle .
Begin by grating the cheese .
I regret to inform you that grating cheese by hand yields a far superior result than if you buy the stuff in the bag .
Peel the garlic by banging it with a can , then peeling off the outer papery skin .
Then finely mince the garlic .
This is n’t fine enough .
This is fine enough .
Grab four green onions .
I do two at a time .
Lop off the tops , then slice them just until you get into the dark green area .
Then go over the slices with the knife to mince them up finely .
Now dump 1/2 cup mayonnaise into a mixing bowl .
Add the cheese .
About 1 1/2 cups total .
The minced green onions …
And the Parmesan .
About 1/2 cup .
Stir it all together .
You can add a dash of salt if you like , but the cheeses are usually salty enough .
Set this mixture aside , or better yet :
Make it several hours beforehand and store it in the fridge .
The flavors fall in love , get married , and have many , many children .
When you ’re ready to make the bread , preheat the oven to 425 degrees .
Split a French loaf in half lengthwise .
Then cut each half …. in half !
Also , just to make it easy , divide the garlic into four small piles .
For each fourth , melt 1/4 stick ( 2 tablespoons ) butter in a skillet over medium - low heat .
Add in 1 / 4 of your garlic .
Stir a little , just to get the garlic and the butter acquainted .
Place one of the four pieces of bread face down on the garlic butter .
Swirl it around so the butter will soak into the bread and the garlic will press into the surface .
Repeat with each piece of bread , adding another 2 tablespoons of butter and more minced garlic with each piece .
* Important : be sure to remove all traces of garlic from the pan before adding the next round or you ’ll have a bunch of tiny charred garlic pieces in the pan .
You basically want to lightly grill the bread in the skillet — this is n’t quite there yet .
You want the surface to have begun to get a little crispy and golden .
But you have to watch it , too !
Do n’t let the garlic burn and turn black .
Delicate balance .
If the garlic seems to be turning brown too quickly ( stove heat and the pan you use can vary the results ) , just discard the garlic before you soak the bread in the butter — it ’ll still have a strong garlic flavor !
By the way , you can omit the garlic from this recipe if you do n’t tolerate it well .
When all the pieces are toasted , spread 1 / 4 of the cheese mixture on each piece .
Then just pop the pan into the oven for about 10 minutes , or until the cheese is nice and bubbly !
Like this .
And actually , I turned on the broiler at the very end to get the top really bubbly … and I walked off and forgot about it , OF COURSE .
It ’s almost a little too brown for me .
Not that that will stop me from eating it .
Serve the mini-loaves on a cutting board at the dinner table , or just cut them into small slices beforehand .
My sister - in - law Missy gave me this blade for Christmas .
It makes me feel powerful and a little bit tough .
Thank you , Missy .
This bread just makes me feel happy .
It ’ll make you happy , too !
And that makes me happy all over again .
China is planning to build 59 reservoirs to collect water from its shrinking glaciers as the cost of climate change hits home in the world 's most populous country .
The far western province of Xinjiang , home to many of the planet 's highest peaks and widest ice fields , will carry out the 10 - year engineering project , which aims to catch and store glacier run-off that might otherwise trickle away into the desert .
Behind the measure is a desire to adjust seasonal water levels and address longer - term concerns that downstream city residents will run out of drinking supplies once the glaciers in the Tian , Kunlun and Altai mountains disappear .
Anxiety has risen along with temperatures that are rapidly diminishing the ice fields .
The 3,800 - metre Urumqi No1 glacier , the first to be measured in China , has lost more than 20 % of its volume since 1962 , according to the Cold and Arid Regions Environmental and Engineering Research Institute ( Careeri ) in Lanzhou .
About 80 % of the glaciers in the Tian ( Heaven ) range have declined , though increased precipitation has also led a small number to expand .
To deal with the consequences , Xinjiang will set aside 200 m yuan ( £ 20 m ) for each of the next three years .
In the first phase , 29 reservoirs will be built with a combined capacity of 21.8 billion cubic metres of water , according to the Xinhua news agency .
Wang Shijiang , director of Xinjiang Water Resource Department , told the agency that the mountain reservoir system was designed to " intercept " meltwater so that it could be used more efficiently for irrigation and to adjust for seasonal variations in rainfall .
Xinjiang is particularly dependent on a steady supply of meltwater from glaciers , which act as solid reservoirs that store precipitation in the winter and release it in the summer .
Few city residents understand the problem because in recent years water supplies have surged thanks to the extra meltwater and increased rainfall .
The excess supply has been used to water golf courses and make artificial snow for a ski slope in semi-desert Urumqi .
But scientists say the glut is unsustainable because it comes from the release of water that has built up over thousands of years .
" At the moment there is plenty of water in the big cities .
But it is hard to say how long it will last , " said He Yuanqing , a glaciologist at Careeri .
" On one hand , global warming is accelerating the melt .
But on the other , it is increasing rainfall , so we need a way to store the extra water . "
Estimates of how long it will take Urumqi's glacial water supplies to start to decline range from 40 to 100 years .
It is unclear , however , how long the water can be stored without replenishment .
Experts have previously called for the reservoirs to be built underground so that the water does not evaporate in the summer , when Xinjiang has the highest average temperatures in China .
Over-exploitation of river systems and oases has exacerbated the problem .
The volume of water in the once vast Aibi lake in Xinjiang has decreased by two - thirds over the past 50 years , the Beijing News reported today .
In terms of glacier melt , the worst affected area in China is the Tibetan plateau , often described as " the roof of the world " .
Last month , Chinese scientists warned that glaciers on the plateau had lost 989 million cubic metres over the past 40 years and were continuing to melt at a " worrying speed " .
They added that ice fields had shrunk by 196 sq kilometres , equivalent to a quarter of New York city .
It was like lovely manna from the sky , the snow blanketing the mountains as I drove home from Lake Tahoe , flakes turning to heavy showers as we headed down the pass towards Davis .
It may not be the best conditions for driving , but the storms pounding the Bay Area and covering the Sierra Nevada with the white stuff have come just in time to rescue the state from what promised to be the worst drought in its history .
In fact , new surveys taken ( above ) show the Sierra Nevada snowpack is at 80 percent normal for the season so far .
But how much is enough ?
State officials tell the San Francisco Chronicle that while the February and early March storms are improving our circumstances , it has all come too late to assure adequate water supplies this summer .
Essentially , sunny California would need its water content in the snow to be between 120 to 130 percent of normal by April to fill the state ’s reservoirs , the largest of which is only half full .
It could take a miracle .
Rains are still persisting on this fine March morning , so never say never .
Still , two years of drought have taken a huge toll , threatening central California growers as well as consumers .
In February , the water content measured just 61 percent of normal after the eighth - driest January on record – so dry Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a statewide drought emergency and has called for cities to cut water use by 20 percent .
He learned that snowmelt runoff in the spring will be just 57 percent of normal .
Heeding the call , at least 25 water agencies have imposed mandatory water restrictions while 66 others ( including San Francisco ) have voluntary restrictions in place .
Frank Gehrke , chief of snow surveys for the California Department of Water Resources , has been out with reporters on snowshoes , measuring the snow depth and water content at Phillips Station , a state measuring site near the Sierra - at - Tahoe resort .
“ Reservoir storage is still way below average , and the likelihood of large - enough storms to have significant recovery drops way off as we move into March , ” Gehrke told the Chronicle .
Meteorologists figure the drenching would need to be relentless to raise the level of the water content in the snow enough to replenish the state ’s reservoirs .
Apparently , it ’s the amount of rainfall in the mountains that makes the difference in the water supply .
That ’s because 60 percent of California ’s water is contained in the snow - covered mountains during the rain season .
When it melts , farmers rely on the runoff to irrigate 775,000 acres of growing fields .
Thousands of those farmers are now being warned that their permission to pump water from rivers and creeks could be cut back if the drought worsens , according to a new report in the Sacramento Bee .
This kind of warning has n’t been issued since 1988 and includes every city and farm with state water rights in the watersheds of Sacramento , San Joaquin and Russian rivers , as well as the central coast and areas encompassing the city of Sacramento .
It ’s all a big wake up call for consumers who take water – our most precious natural resource – for granted .
“ We are giving you fair warning that even if you start the season with water , by the end of the season you may not have water , ” Bill Rukeyser , spokesman for the water board , was quoted as saying in the Bee .
“ People would be able to continue to boil their spaghetti , brush their teeth , take showers , drink water .
They would not be able to water their lawns . ”
Lawns are the least of it when it comes to severe droughts brought on by climate change .
There are even public health concerns , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which has been addressing how we can be better prepared to cope with injuries and illnesses from severe weather : flood , heat exposure , allergies , respiratory problems , illnesses carried by insects in water and threats to the safety and availability of our food and water supplies .
The CDC says less direct effects can include worry , depression , and the negative impacts of mass migration and regional conflicts .
Images : San Francisco Chronicle , Great Valley Center
December 24 , 2008 , 5:53 pm
Phoenix 's agreement to give a $ 100 million handout to a shopping mall development in north Phoenix was struck down as illegal .
A major economic - development agreement between Phoenix and the CityNorth development has been ruled unconstitutional , meaning the project may not grow into the once - envisioned second downtown on the city 's north side .
The Arizona Court of Appeals said Tuesday that the $ 97.4 million agreement violates the gift clause of the Arizona Constitution , which prohibits governments from granting money or credit to private entities in most cases .
In 2007 , the city agreed to give the developer half the sales - tax revenue from the site .
The developer , among other provisions , agreed to denser construction and to provide free parking and special spaces for park - and - ride use .
Excellent news .
This handout was engineered in a fairly smart bit of rent - seeking on the developer 's part .
There are two competing shopping mall development sites about a mile apart in a wealthy area along highway 101 .
The two sites are close , but on different sides of the Scottsdale - Phoenix border , so the developers managed to get Phoenix to pony up tons of taxpayer swag out of fear that stores like Nordstrom would move to the Scottsdale development ( more here ) .
The parking subsidy came in at around $ 30,000 per parking space , and the only public benefit was supposedly that other locals could use the lot , though there are no other structures not within this particular development in walking distance of the proposed lot .
Here is the enormous downside that Phoenix now faces for not being able to hand $ 100 million to the developers :
Representatives of the Thomas J. Klutznick Co. declined interviews but issued a prepared statement saying that , without the agreement , they will be forced to cut the density of the project .
Less density would mean fewer shops , restaurants , hotels and offices and fewer jobs , the statement said .
The company said a " less capital - intensive design " would include surface parking lots covering more than half the development .
It also warned that the project will face delays .
Uh , okay .
I think I will survive .
Their problem is they wanted the taxpayer - funded garage so that they could convert surface lots in their plan to more buildings they could rent or sell .
Boohoo .
Either it makes economic sense , and they can pony up their own money , or not .
Speaking personally , fighting Christmas shopping traffic , I am just fine with lower density shopping .
MAQU , China —
Enraged nomads stormed through this windswept town on the Tibetan plateau a year ago this month , raiding a police compound , setting fire to squad cars and forcing police officers to flee .
To the north , Tibetans on horseback galloped into a schoolyard , ripped down a Chinese flag and hoisted a Tibetan one , shouting “ Free Tibet ! ”
Now , the authorities have imposed an unofficial state of martial law on the vast highlands where ethnic Tibetans live , with thousands of troops occupying areas they fear could erupt in renewed rioting on a momentous anniversary next week .
And Beijing is determined to keep foreigners from seeing the mass deployment .
In monasteries and nomad tents , villages and grasslands , the fury of Tibetans against Chinese rule has raged continuously since last year ’s riots and the violent repression that followed .
They are aware , too , that March 10 marks the 50th anniversary of a failed revolt against Chinese rule that led to the Dalai Lama ’s flight into exile in India .
Signs of simmering resistance abound : Just last week , many of China ’s six million Tibetans chose not to celebrate Losar , the Tibetan New Year , in order to mourn Tibetans who suffered during last year ’s clashes .
Monks have held rallies in parts of Qinghai and Sichuan Provinces .
Last Friday , a monk from Kirti Monastery in Sichuan lighted himself on fire in a market , prompting security officers to shoot at him , according to Tibetan advocacy groups .
Local officials deny the shooting .
Explicit threads are undisciplined .
They need some structure to keep them in line .
In this column , we 're going to see what that structure is , as we motivate and illustrate best practices for using threads  techniques that will make our concurrent code easier to write correctly and to reason about with confidence .
Where Threads Fit ( and Thread Pools , Sometimes )
In [ 1 ] , I described the three pillars of concurrency .
The first two pillars summarize the two main kinds of concurrency we need to be able to express :
1 . Keep things separate , so that independent parts of the program can run asynchronously .
2 . Use more cores to get the answer faster using data - parallel and similar techniques .
( The third pillar is about controlling concurrency once it has been expressed , using tools like locks and atomics . )
Table 1 summarizes these two pillars , and also summarizes how well each is served by four major tools at our disposal today for expressing concurrency : threads , thread pools , work stealing runtimes , and data - parallel facilities like OpenMP .
Threads are about expressing Pillar 1 only , and this article will focus on that column :
How to effectively use today 's tools , notably threads and in some cases thread pools , to express independent work .
We 'll look at Pillar 2 in a future article . )
Threads :
In a Nutshell
Here are the key things to know about threads :
Threads are for expressing asynchronous work .
The point of being asynchronous is to let the units of independent work in the application all run at their own speeds and better tolerate each other 's latency .
Threads are a low - level tool .
Threads are just " sequential processes that share memory , " and that kind of freewheeling anything - goes model does n't provide any abstraction or guard rails to make good practices easy and bad practices hard .
As aptly criticized by Edward Lee in his paper " The Problem with Threads " [ 2 ] , threads let you do anything , and do it nondeterministically by default .
" Up - level " them by replacing shared data with asynchronous messages .
As much as possible , prefer to keep each thread 's data isolated ( unshared ) , and let threads instead communicate via asynchronous messages that pass copies of data .
This best practice inherently encourages writing threads that are event - driven message processing loops , which gives inherent structure and synchronization and also improves determinism : //
An idealized thread mainline // do { message = queue .
Receive ( ) ; // this could block ( wait ) // ... // handle the message // ... } while ( ! done ) ; // check for exit Ideally , each thread 's logic should be built around the model of servicing its message queue , whether a simple FIFO queue or a priority queue ( the latter if some messages should be given priority even if they arrive later ) .
Highly responsive threads should not perform significant work directly .
Some threads are responsible for interacting with the user ( e.g. , GUI threads ) or with other processes or machines ( e.g. , socket and communications threads ) , or for other reasons need to respond to messages quickly .
Such threads should perform nearly all their work asynchronously by posting the work to one or more helper threads or , where appropriate , to a pool thread .
In particular , highly responsive threads should never block by waiting for a message or trying to acquire a lock .
A final note :
In some cases , a thread that is short - running and will not block ( wait idly for other events , including inbound messages or locks ) can be expressed instead as a thread pool work item for efficiency , to avoid the overhead of creating a new thread from scratch .
That 's the one valid use of a thread pool for Pillar 1 .
You know that feeling when you are sitting on the floor by the dusty disassembled guts of a computer and nothing works at all ?
It wo n’t even give a healthy cheep on startup ?
And then , slowly , it all comes together , until everything works , except , perhaps , sound , and you change something to fix that , and then nothing works at all again : you ’re back in the smell of dust and silence and you ca n’t undo ?
You will swear , when you finally recover , never to upgrade anything again .
Yet you will .
And I do n’t know why , or did n’t , until I stumbled on a lovely passage in Ellen Ullman ’s Close to the Machine , still the best book I know about the psychology of nerding .
I ’m upset , so I ’m taking apart my computers .
If I were a poet , I ’d get drunk and yell at the people I love .
As it is , I ’m gutting my machines .
My computers are not broken , but at times like these I like the look of delicate circuit boards open to the naked air .
Several hours ago , in a fit of restlessness , I decided to install a pre-release version of a new operating system .
Then there seemed to be problems with some of the internal devices .
So I took them out , one after the other .
Now they lie all around me — cards , wires , memory modules , screws — all in a jumble .
To test components , I do what I ’m absolutely not supposed to do : run the machines with the covers off .
I ’m supposed to discharge static electricity before touching anything .
But I scuff around on the carpets , grab things with two hands , hold metal to metal .
I recognize the nastiness of this mood , reckless and rebellious , like I could get away with breaking the laws of physics .
There ’s a perverse comfort in broken machinery .
Reading this , I realised that the rage is itself an attractive part of the process because it feels so good when it is over , and everything dissolves into order .
There is something in this process of destruction and recreation that resembles the state that long articles and still more radio programmes get into , just before they get right : everything is spread out in ways that look chaotic to everyone except me , and even I ca n’t quite explain how they will go back together .
I can only show , if I keep my concentration .
The element of risk makes it far more attractive than the times when everything goes smoothly and by routine .
You feel you have discovered a hidden order to the universe .
Alternatively , as sometimes happens , you take it all apart and it never ever goes back together properly .
All you are left with is a heap of broken junk .
But that ’s more common with words than with computers .
The third of three extended TV spots for X - Men Origins : Wolverine is titled " Legends " and provides a better look at the characters in the film .
Thanks to Yahoo ! for better quality .
AROUND THE WEB
Scans of the part of the brain responsible for memory have for the first time been used to detect a person ’s location in a virtual environment .
Using functional MRI ( fMRI ) , researchers decoded the approximate location of several people as they navigated through virtual rooms .
This finding suggests that more detailed mind - reading , such detecting as memories of a summer holiday , might eventually be possible , says Eleanor Maguire , a neuroscientist at University College London .
Her team trained its scanner on the hippocampus , a region of the brain critical to the formation and storage of memories .
It is known that in animals , specialised place cells in the hippocampus fire regularly as they move from place to place .
Firing patterns
To see if these firing patterns could be read out , Maguire ’s team adapted a computational technique previously used to predict the image a person is gazing at and even their intentions .
Advertisement
Maguire ’s study is more ambitious than this past research , which she says homed in on brain areas that represent information rather predictably .
“ The visual cortex is very interesting but quite well behaved , whereas the hippocampus is a bit more mysterious , ” she says .
Place cells are strewn through the hippocampus in no obvious arrangement .
The researchers scanned the brains of four young men as they moved to and from eight locations – four each in equivalent locations in two different - coloured virtual rooms .
The subjects were told to look down at the floor when they reached their prescribed location to deny their brain any access to visual giveaways to their location .
Spatial information
A computer analysis of these initial brain scans revealed predictable patterns of activity in each subject ’s hippocampus .
This allowed the researchers to scan the brains of their volunteers and determine which of the four locations each had been in , as well as which room .
“ This is a very interesting case because it was previously believed impossible to decode [ spatial ] information , ” says John - Dylan Haynes , a neuroscientist at the Bernstein Center for Computational Neuroscience in Berlin , Germany .
“ There must be some hidden structure in the spatial organisation of cells with activity related to each of the places in the environment , ” agrees Edvard Moser , a neuroscientist at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim .
Future techniques
Reading more precise locations or other kinds of memories could be difficult , because fMRI resolves the activity of thousands of neurons at a time , Haynes says .
“ One day a new imaging technique could come along and you ’d be at the right place to decode even in these challenging cases , ” he adds .
However , Maguire is n’t waiting for new technologies .
Her team is already looking into the possibility of reading more vivid memories of events and planned movements .
“ We ’ve done some work about how the hippocampus is involved in planning the future – where you ’re going and what you ’re doing . ”
Journal reference : Current Biology , DOI : 10.1016/j.cub.2009.02.033
Posted on 21 March 2009 by Quaid
Let me get this out of the way first .
I am NOT a Nicholas Cage hater .
I think he did brilliant work in Adaptation and I rather enjoy his neurotic / geeky persona in movies like The Rock .
But when Nick Cage missteps , it can be bad .
In Knowing , there are absolutely some cringe - worthy moments ( someone should tell Nick Cage to stop squinting and close his damn mouth ) , but Cage pulls it together enough to not sink the entire film .
And the film has some very interesting things going on in it .
In the end , Knowing overcomes its shortcomings to become an interesting , ballsy and thought - provoking film , even if it takes some shortcuts down the road of hackneyed genre convention to get there .
The movie opens 50 years ago .
A clearly disturbed young girl , Lucinda , is hearing voices , and they tell her to write a seemingly meaningless string of numbers to be buried in a time capsule .
When her note to the future is taken away from her prematurely , she locks herself in a closet and scratches something , we do n’t know what , into the door until her fingers are bleeding .
I wonder if this will come into play later ?
Hmmm …
From there we jump 50 years into the future ( present day , we ’re told ) , where Cage ’s John Koestler and his son , Caleb , are living their life together , both attempting to get over the loss of Caleb ’s mother .
Of course , the time capsule is opened up .
Each child is given an envelope from one of the children in the past … guess which one Caleb gets ?
John , being an MIT professor and all , quickly figures out ( in a scene that seems like it is n’t even trying to be believable ) that the numbers on the paper are predicting major disasters across the planet , telling us the date , the number of people killed , and the exact location of each event .
The paper ends with an odd - looking 33 , prompting Mr. Cage to ask the obvious question … what happens when the numbers end ?
His search for this information leads him to Diane Wayland ( Rose Byrne ) and her daughter , Abby .
Together they try to find Lucinda ’s secrets as well as the identities of the “ whisper men ” that seem to be following the children .
And I guess that ’s all I ’m going to say about plot .
It ’s pretty standard when you get right down to it .
The “ lost wife / parent ” angle is played out predictably , and the beginning of the movie begins to annoy us with theoretical ramblings about determinism , God , and the afterlife that seem to be dumbed - down for kindergartners .
There is also an estranged father subplot that is wildly ham - handed and under - developed ( but I do like how they handled it at the end of the film ) .
It really feels like director Alex Proyas is hedging his bets to make sure mass - audiences do n’t tune out of a decidedly dark film .
And be warned ; there are a few very intense disaster scenes with some pretty disturbing images .
People get wiped out left and right , and some are left screaming and burning .
These scenes , I must admit , are more well done than I would have expected .
There is a realism to them .
They never quite feel like spectacle , but more like honest - to - God random acts .
Shot with mostly handheld camera , we get a battlefield feeling with events happening both to our main characters and to other people in the periphery of the frame .
Randomness is the goal ( and also a theme of the movie ) and Proyas pulls it off with ease .
It ’s difficult to talk about this movie without spoilers .
Perhaps this is a movie that deserves a spoilerific revisit , maybe around the time of DVD release , but for now I ’ll wait until more people have seen it .
I will say that it did exactly what I ’d hoped for ( based on the trailers ) .
These disaster flicks tend to all wrap up the same way , and this one throws a bit of a wrench in the formula .
It will take most people by surprise , and I do believe that a lot of people will quickly check out .
Me , though , I respected what the film ended up going for , and I can forgive some of its technical flaws in favor of looking at the big picture .
My biggest problem with the movie is that it seems to be afraid to be what it wants to be .
The movie sells itself as a straightforward thriller , almost a “ The Ring ” remake , in which a parent must find the right clues to save his son from impending doom .
For 2/3 of the movie , that ’s what it is , and that is the absolute least interesting part of the movie .
Had it taken what was unique about its concept and expanded the parts that were new , different , and compelling , this movie could have earned the glowing review that I really want to give it .
NVIDIA Ion Demo : Call of Duty 4 Coming to Netbooks ( CES 2009 )
Call of Duty 4 is my favorite game and pretty soon I ’ll be able to play it almost anywhere thanks to NVIDIA .
The new Ion platforn , which combines an Intel Atom processor with NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M graphics , delivers up to 10 x the graphics performance of current generation netbooks .
I stopped by the NVIDIA booth at CES 2009 to play Call of Duty 4 on the Ion reference design and was impressed by the demo .
The game was set to its lowest settings , so do n’t expect jaw - dropping graphics on a netbook from graphics - intensive games like Call of Duty 4 .
But the good news is that you ’ll be able to at least fire up COD4 on the road once Ion netbooks hit the market .
Share this :
Share
Email
Twitter
Facebook
In a written statement they said that that they had “ paid painstaking and considered attention to how Azhar and Rubina ’s involvement in the film could be of lasting benefit to them over and above the payment they received for their work ” .
It added : “ The children had never attended school , and in consultation with their parents we agreed that this would be our priority .
Since June 2008 and at our expense , both kids have been attending school and they are flourishing under the tutelage of their dedicated and committed teachers .
Financial resources have been made available for their education until they are 18 .
We were delighted to see them progressing well when we visited their school and met with their teachers last week . ”
By Marisa Taylor
Bill Gates declared that passwords were pass more than a decade ago , but their use is still widespread .
And apparently , American consumers use the same one over and over again , according to a Gartner study released Tuesday .
A survey of 4,000 consumers polled in September showed that two - thirds use the same one or two passwords ...
Disclaimer :
When in this post I write about Libertarians , I mean Right - Libertarian
My recent posts on Capitalism , “ Free Market ” and the subsequent heated discussions with Libertarian stormtroopers let me to an insight which you all now have to suffer through .
The thing is this : Libertarians are staunch supporters of unregulated Capitalism along with unrestricted personal freedom .
They insist on non-aggression and only on specific government intervention , generally only enough to protect the basis of Capitalism : Private Property .
And here we reach our first problem .
Every time I ’ve discussed with Libertarians , they explain these wonderful concepts , they drill me on my freedom - loving , and eventually we get to arguing economics .
Now a peculiar difference in methodology appears .
My Way
I am a ( far ) left - libertarian .
I ’ve reached this position by at some point in my life wondering “ How can the world become better ? ” .
This question coloured the research I did and the answers I sought .
I moved gradually to the left because I noticed that Capitalism is the only economic force in the world and yet it ’s totally incapable of solving even the worst of our problems .
Indeed , our situation is only deteriorating .
My opinion is more nuanced than that of course but this is what I ’ve discovered from looking at a broken capitalistic socioeconomic system and continuously asking the same question .
Once I figure out a few ways with which the world can become better , I modify my morality to be compatible with them .
The Libertarian Way
The Libertarian starts from the premise : “ ( Negative ) Freedom is good ” and then builds his whole belief system with ways to achieve more of this freedom .
For it naturally follows , if freedom is good , then when the largest amount of humans have the maximum amount of freedom , the world will be the best it can be .
Thus anything that is compatible with more freedom , must be good as well .
But their premise is unargued for .
They never turn to ask :
Why is Freedom good ?
Or , if they do , they start running around in circles with their rest of their beliefs .
For example :
The “ Free Market ” is good because it can create a lot of wealth for some people and that should be allowed because to do otherwise would be to restrict one ’s freedom which is not good because it is not compatible with the only thing that is works in the world , the “ Free Market ” .
Capitalism is good because it is the only thing that is compatible with the human nature of greed which is good because Capitalism requires it to work .
I think you get the point .
This was made especially clear in my recent discussion with a member of the audience who , while arguing that current mainstream economics are based on the scientific method ( they ’re not ) , informed me that Libertarians do not base their morality upon the superiority of those but rather , their belief is simply reinforced by them working ( theoretically ) .
Thus , the Libertarians simply start from the conclusion and then finds beliefs to reinforce it .
They have formed their morality and are choosing to believe whichever data are compatible with it .
Needless to say , such a take on reality and morality is not only misguided but it is diametrically opposite to the scientific and sceptical thought .
The human mind ’s ability to see the hits and ignore the misses is well known and understood , and this is why in order to even have a chance of finding the correct position , we need to start from the observation .
So Libertarians , I implore you .
Ask yourself :
Why is ( negative ) freedom good ?
Try to answer this question without running around in circles with the “ Free Market ” and the like .
You will eventually discover that the only philosophy which attempted to truly base this moral grounding is Ayn Rand ’s Objectivism .
And she has failed miserably .
If you do believe you can defend a morality centered around negative freedom , by all means jump in and let me know why I ’m wrong .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Lance Armstrong Crashes In Spain , Breaks Collarbone : Video
Lance Armstrong ’s Tour De France comeback may be in jeopardy after he was involved in a major bike crash during today ’s Vuelta Castilla y Leon race in Spain .
Following his crash , Armstrong could be seen grimacing in pain on the side of the road .
He was then loaded into an ambulance and taken to Hospital Clinico in Valladolid , Spain .
According to Lance Armstrong ’s Astana team director , Johan Bruyneel , the injury was a “ clean collarbone fracture without complications .
Should be fast recovery . ”
However , Armstrong will be transported back to the United States , where he could need surgery to repair the broken collarbone he sustained in the crash .
Lance Armstrong told reporters upon leaving the hospital , “ I think for the Tour it ’s a very big problem .
I ’ve never had this happen before ; it ’s pretty painful .
I feel really miserable . ”
Crashes are common in cycling , so Armstrong was lucky to have not sustained a serious injury up until today .
Even if he can recover , this will certainly limit his training during the run-up to the Tour in July .
Armstrong Injured in Cycling Crash in Spain [ New York Times ]
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
Only 3 new cases reported in Bulloch Tuesday
Bulloch County continued to see a significant decline in new COVID - 19 cases Tuesday , with three cases reported , a day after two were reported on Monday , said Public Safety / Emergency Management Agency Director Ted Wynn .
" The last thing we expected was that we'd be caught in this slump .
Now our home is down in value from $ 1 million a year ago to maybe $ 700,000 .
We can't afford to go ahead with the divorce yet in our heads we 'd already split up . "
Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 2
Microsoft last provided a service pack for their Office 2007 suite of applications in early December 2007 .
Since then , they have been providing Office 2007 users with regular updates and patches , albeit available only through Windows Update or Office Update .
It was more than about time for Microsoft to release a new service pack that would compile all patches released since Office 2007 Service Pack 1 .
On November 20 , 2008 , Microsoft 's Office Client marketing group informed their OEM customers that Microsoft would be making the 2007 Microsoft Office System Service Pack 2 ( SP2 ) available to them in late May 2009 .
This article is based on that announcement , as well as recently obtained internal documents .
Like our other exposes on Microsoft , we will be updating this article as and when we receive updated information , so be sure to check back often !
Update @ May 1 : Updated the article with details of the Service Pack 2 for Microsoft Office 2007 .
Update @ May 20 : Updated the article with news on the RTM of Microsoft Office 2007 SP2 , as well as added four new pages on key improvements in Service Pack 2 .
What Is Office 2007 Service Pack 2 ?
Although service packs are usually compilations of previously - released patches and bug fixes , it appears that this service pack will be more than just a compilation of previous updates .
The Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 2 will include significant new work ( features ) , along with performance enhancements , bug fixes , and various other improvements .
( features ) , along with , bug fixes , and various other improvements .
The Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 2 will include all public updates , security updates , cumulative updates and hotfixes that have been previously released for Office 2007 products through February 2009 .
Update @ May 1 : Service Pack 2 for Office 2007 has a download size of 247.9 MB .
Office 2007 Service Pack Release Schedule
The Microsoft Office 2007 Service Pack 2 is currently scheduled for release between February and April 2009 .
.
Microsoft will reveal further details on SP2's release timing and additional resources later this month ( January , 2009 ) .
Update @ May 1 : Microsoft released Service Pack 2 for Office 2007 on the Microsoft Download Center on April 24 with a public release on Windows Update on April 28 , 2009 .
We noted a tiered release though - it only popped up in our Automatic Update on May 1 , 2009 .
You can also download Service Pack 2 for Office 2007 from here .
The Windows Update download is about 247.9 MB in size , while the standalone update from the MS Download Center weighs in at 290.2 MB .
Update @ May 20 : Microsoft has announced that they will release Microsoft Office 2007 SP2 to manufacturing ( RTM ) on May 29 , 2009 .
Consumers should be to purchase Microsoft Office 2007 SP2 from OEMs or retailers in June / July , obviating the need to upgrade to SP2 after installation .
What 's New In Office 2007 Service Pack 2 ?
Here 's a short summary of what 's new in Service Pack 2 for Microsoft Office 2007 .
We have a much longer list of key improvements in Service Pack 2 in the following pages .
Support for Open Document Format ( ODF ) , XML Paper Specification ( XPS ) and Portable Document Format ( PDF ) .
, and .
Improved Outlook Calendaring reliability .
Improved Outlook performance .
Enabling Object Model support for Charts in Microsoft Ofice PowerPoint 2007 and Microsoft Office Word 2007 .
Improved cryptographic functionality b supporting all cryptographic algorithms offered by the operating system .
Improved functionality in Microsoft Office Excel 2007 charting mechanism .
Ability to ungroup SmartArt graphics ( and as a result , the ability to add animations to them in PowerPoint 2007 ) .
Ability for Visio 2007 to export UML models to an XML file compliant with the XMI standard .
Tool that enables the uninstallation of Office client Service Packs .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
Check your design with text size increased to 200 percent
A basic accessibility guideline is that users should be able to increase text size when viewing your site without content disappearing or otherwise becoming unreadable .
That ’s pretty easy to understand .
What has not been clear is where to draw the line — how much do we need to increase text size when testing our designs ?
After all there will ( almost ) always be a point when the text is so large that the layout breaks in a bad way , making parts of it unreadable .
Fortunately WCAG 2.0 provides a more measurable guideline , 1.4.4 Resize text :
Except for captions and images of text , text can be resized without assistive technology up to 200 percent without loss of content or functionality .
( Level AA )
With more and more browsers getting support for full page zoom functionality , some argue that you no longer need to consider what happens when only text size is increased .
WCAG 2.0 does state that “ The scaling of content is primarily a user agent responsibility ” .
However , I do n’t think you can rely on zoom support being available and used by enough people to forget about text only resizing just yet .
From Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.4 :
The author cannot rely on the user agent to satisfy this Success Criterion for HTML content if users do not have access to a user agent with zoom support .
For example , if they work in a environment that requires them to use IE 6 or Firefox .
My interpretation of that is that until the vast majority of people use browsers that have zoom support ( and browsers ’ zoom support has matured ) , you should make sure that text can be scaled to 200 % .
I do n’t think that is too much of a burden — 200 % is less than you may think .
This flexibility benefits people who often increase text size but do not want to scale the entire page ( I ’m one ) .
It also benefits people who have changed the default text size setting in their browser and many who have specified a minimum font size .
As a bonus , making your design flexible enough to handle text enlarged to 200 % means that it will also be better at handling varying amounts of content .
A good tool to use when checking your site with larger text is the Firefox add - on NoSquint , which can be configured to show the current text zoom level in the status bar .
Of course you will need to compromise sometimes — some designs are harder than others to make flexible enough for 200 % .
The most important thing is that you check what happens when you increase text size and do what you can to allow for 200 % .
Way too many sites out there quickly become more or less unusable when text size is increased to much less than that .
Make sure the sites you build do n’t .
I ’ve heard from more than a few people who get all hot under the collar when I say that the whole class war against America started under Reagan .
This graph pretty much says it all : it was Reagan who saw to it that America defeated China , Russia and all the other repressive regimes … to make us the world ’s number one Gulag Nation .
Why did he lock up so many Americans , and keep them there ?
Put it this way : how can you get away with looting the middle - class and working - class wealth without an uprising ?
How can you keep people down when you arrange it so that the CEOs ’ pay goes from 30 times their workers ’ salary when Reagan took over , to over 500 times their salaries ?
Here ’s how you make sure they shut up or else :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A cargo plane has crash - landed in high winds at Japan 's largest airport , killing both crew members on board .
The accident happened as the Federal Express plane arrived at Narita international airport , near Tokyo , from Guangzhou in China .
Japan 's public broadcaster NHK showed dramatic footage of the plane bouncing as it landed on the runway , then bursting into flames .
Dozens of flights have been cancelled as one runway at Narita remains closed .
The two pilots were taken to hospital but confirmed dead
The accident happened at about 0650 local time on Monday ( 2150 GMT Sunday ) .
The two crew were taken to hospital but both were confirmed dead .
Officials said the pilot , Kevin Kyle Mosley , was 54 years old and the co-pilot , Anthony Stephen Pino , was 49 .
Both were American .
Flight delays
Footage of the crash shows the plane landing hard , tipping on to its left wing and bursting into flame as it then rolled over .
The plane landed in strong winds , of up to 72 km ( 45 miles ) per hour , and Japan 's meteorological agency had issued a gale warning for the area around Narita .
" We have information that strong winds caused the plane to divert from the runway , " a Narita Airport spokeswoman told reporters .
But officials said it was too soon to confirm if the winds caused the crash .
The jet was a McDonnell Douglas MD - 11 , according to Japan 's Kyodo News .
Airlines have cancelled more than 30 flights and diverted others to nearby airports , because Narita 's longest runway remains closed .
Parts of the wreckage were still burning hours after the crash .
Kyodo News said it was the first fatal aircraft accident at Narita Airport since it opened in 1978 .
So ... you are staying in the States , Part II Share This :
# 2 worked in the police department of a major city before quitting in disgust over the rampant police abuse she witnessed , particularly the sexual abuse of women .
She determined to write a ' tell all ' book and spent the better part of a year doing so .
Reportedly she had a publisher eager to see the manuscript when completed .
So far , so good .... or it would have been had she not told all about the ' tell all . '
Anyone who would listen got an earful - and - a - half about her book , including the contacts she retained in the police department .
Lo and behold , after she finished the rough draft , her apartment was burglarized and the only things taken were her computer and the manuscript .
It was almost as though someone knew she 'd finished , where she kept the MS , etc .
Who , oh who could it have been ?
The worst asapect of the burglary was that # 2 had neglected to make a copy of the printed MS or to maintain off - site backups of her computer .
And , so , the book was truly , duly gone .
And lest she reconstruct it from memory , # 2 was set - up by a former coworker , arrested and sentenced to an unusually long term given the nature of her ' crime . '
There are many , many lessons here .
First and foremost : if you are slapping authority across the face -- even if the slap is legal -- shut up about until you have to let the authority know .
If # 2 had simply published the book , the publicity would have shielded her .
A close second : never mistake a cop for a friend .
Cops violate rights for a living ; it is their profession to enforce the violation of your rights and there is no such thing as an off - duty one .
Befriending a vice cop is like a lamb befriending a lion and bringing him mint jelly as a gift .
Third Beware of anyone who is so " open and honest " as to show no discretion or discernment about what they say or to whom they say it .
Fourth : always back up your data and keep the disk in a remote location .
If possible , send back - up disks to friends or family who are out of the country .
The more sensitive the data , the more imperative this becomes .
Fifth never engage in anything criminal at the behest of someone you are not 100 % absolutely certain you can trust .
Even , then , show extreme caution .
The very request should set off deafening alarm bells .
Part III of " So ... you are staying in the States " will deal with # 3 's unique strategy for getting back at the State for fun and profit ; it is a strategy I 've never adopted due to moral reservations but a strategy in which I see logic .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
I actually took her aside once and advised her to " shut up ! " because her former coworkers were not only going to be furious about being literally named but they also carried guns .
I was particularly bothered by her continuing friendship with a vice cop whom she swore was a really nice guy ... rather like someone being a really nice Nazi .
And , so , I stopped talking to her about the book ... and about almost anything else I would n't tell an agent of the state .
Which means , the weather was discussed a lot .
That 's how I typically respond when someone I know has logorrhea ( diarrhea of the mouth ) , which she called " being honest and open " with people .
Lo and behold , after she finished the rough draft , her apartment was burglarized and the only things taken were her computer and the manuscript .
It was almost as though someone knew she 'd finished , where she kept the MS , etc .
Who , oh who could it have been ?
The worst asapect of the burglary was that # 2 had neglected to make a copy of the printed MS or to maintain off - site backups of her computer .
And , so , the book was truly , duly gone .
And lest she reconstruct it from memory , # 2 was set - up by a former coworker , arrested and sentenced to an unusually long term given the nature of her ' crime .
'
There are many , many lessons here .
if you are slapping authority across the face -- even if the slap is legal -- shut up about until you have to let the authority know .
If # 2 had simply published the book , the publicity would have shielded her . : never mistake a cop for a friend .
Cops violate rights for a living ; it is their profession to enforce the violation of your rights and there is no such thing as an off - duty one .
Befriending a vice cop is like a lamb befriending a lion and bringing him mint jelly as a gift .
Beware of anyone who is so " open and honest " as to show no discretion or discernment about what they say or to whom they say it . : always back up your data and keep the disk in a remote location .
If possible , send back - up disks to friends or family who are out of the country .
The more sensitive the data , the more imperative this becomes .
never engage in anything criminal at the behest of someone you are not 100 % absolutely certain you can trust .
Even , then , show extreme caution .
The very request should set off deafening alarm bells .
Part III of " So ... you are staying in the States " will deal with # 3 's unique strategy for getting back at the State for fun and profit ; it is a strategy I 've never adopted due to moral reservations but a strategy in which I see logic .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Monday 02 March 2009 - 13:58:28 - Permalink Part I of " So ... you are staying in the States " described the tactics my friend ( code named # 1 ) employed to increase his personal freedom .
It also critiqued what I view as poor tactics on his part ... at least , if freedom was the goal .
In Part II , I discuss friend # 2 of whom I am far more critical ; indeed , her story is a cautionary tale but one with important lessons for anyone who values personal liberty .
On with the tale ... # 2 worked in the police department of a major city before quitting in disgust over the rampant police abuse she witnessed , particularly the sexual abuse of women .
She determined to write a ' tell all ' book and spent the better part of a year doing so .
Reportedly she had a publisher eager to see the manuscript when completed .
So far , so good .... or it would have been had she not told all about the ' tell all . '
Anyone who would listen got an earful - and - a - half about her book , including the contacts she retained in the police department .
An Indian company has created a rechargeable rechargeable solar lamp that could provide a valuable solution to low - income students in developing countries .
Apparently , the loss of valuable study time due to India 's power shortage problems and lack of proper , cheap lighting has been a source of consternation for educators for years .
The Studylite lamp comes with an attached solar panel that charges an NiMH battery lasting up to six hours .
But the notorious part of the lamp is the simple halo design , where a ring of 24 LEDs provide the necessary glow .
I like it in particular because it's an efficient elimination of pointless materials , while still providing a base to keep a focused ' beam ' on a subject .
This is the better engineered version of the lamp I used in college , which was one single bulb with a cut out plastic cup as the top .
Believe me , I was n't poor , I was just odd and consistently bored .
According to Studylite , the company created the lamp along with the Sankara Nethralaya University hospital , which specializes in the study of eye science .
There , they came up with the most optimal levels of lighting ambiance and put them on the lamp .
There 's one problem with this item though .
At almost $ 33 , it 's too expensive to make a dent in the poorest neighborhoods of India .
Last we heard , the average Indian citizen makes about $ 41 a month .
Two weeks ago , another Indian company announced a product with great promise that within days , proved to be a bit of a dissapointment .
The Sakshat computer was announced as the first $ 10 netbook , but we later found out it was neither a laptop or even $ 10 .
So to the makers of this lamp , I say , to avoid embarrassment due to over - promising , cut the price by two - thirds and you 'll have something that 's really a lighting game changer in that community .
Plenty of other companies around the world are already exploring lighting solutions under $ 20 and so should you .
THQ has informed CrispyGamer – Online Casino Guide that if the company can’t sell Big huge Games it will be forced to close the studio .
In a statement , which was a reaction to a story earlier today about layoffs at Big Huge Games , THQ’s Vice President , Investor Relations and Corporate Communications , Julie MacMedan , told us that it plans to close the studio if a sale is not completed in the “ near future . ”
The company also said that it has notified Los Angeles - based Heavy Iron Studios and Carlsbad - based Incinerator that they will become independent companies .
THQ says that this is all part of the company ’s business realignment that it announced earlier this year .
Full statement from THQ after the break .
“ As part of THQ ’s previously announced business realignment and related headcount reduction plans that targeted cost reductions of $ 220 million , including a reduction in workforce of 600 people worldwide , THQ today notified the staff at two of its development studios that they will be spun out as independent companies : Heavy Iron in Los Angeles , CA , and Incinerator in Carlsbad , CA .
In addition , THQ informed the staff at its Big Huge Games studio in Timonium , MD , that it plans to close the studio if a sale is not completed in the near future .
These actions were unfortunate but were necessitated by the difficult economic environment . ”
More gaming related news can be found on our blog .
Be sure to check out the casino slots free spins and casino promotions .
In an interview today on the Charlie Rose show , Admiral Michael Mullen cautioned that a unilateral Israeli attack on Iran could endanger the stability entire region , leading to an escalation that could imperil American forces in the Gulf region .
Then Mullen spoke about a hypothetical US attack on Iran , declaring that it was in “ a maritime part of the world , where the emphasis would certainly be on those two forces ( the Air Force and Navy ) . ”
Mullen also insisted that there was no disconnect between the United States and Israel on the question of Iran .
Israel has repeatedly been reported as being on the cusp of launching an attack on Iran .
At the same time , there is evidence of a disconnect within the Pentagon itself about Iran .
Mullen has repeatedly been on the same page as Israel , accusing Iran of moving quickly toward the creation of nuclear weapons ( in spite of all the evidence to the contrary ) .
Yet Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Mullen contradicted one another rather publicly just two weeks ago , when Gates declared that Iran was “ not close to a weapon at this point . ”
The idea to use fool ’s gold rather than silicon or thin film for photovoltaic solar cells is an idea developing out of Switzerland that is gaining credibility , sophistication and technical success .
Fool ’s gold , the shiny mineral found in some rocks is dirt cheap and comparatively easy to make molecule .
The technical description is a mineral pyrite , or iron pyrite , an iron sulfide with the formula FeS 2 .
NLV Solar AG , Zug , Switzerland a part of The NLV Group of companies has of 20 years ’ research on virtual reality simulation and digital prototyping invested in the development of the innovative ‘ Pyradian ’ solar cell .
( Please note , the links and PDFs are large files coming from Europe .
They are worth the wait . )
Composites of iron and sulfur have been considered in the past for use in photovoltaic cells , mainly for their good absorption qualities .
Pioneering work on the potential of pyrite as a semiconductor was conducted in Germany and has now been picked up in China .
The naturally occurring iron - sulfur compound , pyrite , has several inherent problems – such as high resistance and surface currents – which are only now being overcome .
On the strong side of the known material properties of modified iron - sulfur composites , it can be expected that industrial - scale production of corresponding solar cells should be feasible in the near future .
Additionally pyrites both natural and manufactured are non-toxic so being harmless in production , processing and disposal .
NLV ’s work has resulted in promising new properties :
Average photovoltaic conversion efficiency of 38 % , depending on ambient conditions , and a peak performance of over 50 % .
The possibility of fine - tuning the material ’s absorption characteristics by modification of its crystal lattice structure using ion implantation ; stacked in a multilayer thin - film cell , it would be possible to tune each layer to a different light target absorption frequency .
As a thin - film cell , the material could be applied to substrates in a transparent , semitransparent or tinted coating .
The projected degradation coefficient is only 5 - 6 % over 20 years .
NLV ’s proprietary Pyradian material has a very high coefficient of light absorption , reaching peaks of over 50 % , with a bandwidth of α > 105 cm - 1 for λ < 1 μm – significantly higher , over a broader band of frequencies than any conventional absorption material used in photovoltaics , for example silicon , cadmium telluride , copper indium diselenide or gallium arsenide .
Research indicates a higher sensitivity in the frequency range of visible light , extending into the infrared and ultraviolet spectra , as well as a band gap in the range of 0.95 –3.6 eV , depending on the sample .
Unlike conventional absorption materials , this iron - sulfur composite also shows a workable level of conversion in diffuse light .
The iron component is critical for the longevity and the proportion to sulfur is crucial to the material meeting the specifications .
Built into a crystal lattice structure pyrite is stable and in the synthesized form even more so .
Compared to silicon or thin films that can drop the performance coefficients by 10 to 15 % in the first year , pyrite holding 90 % for over 25 years looks like a strong market contender .
The synthesized pyrite can be applied to the support structures as a thin film coating using chemical vapor deposition in a clean room type of production facility .
Used strictly as a photovoltaic film application to glass , it can be nearly fully transparent when applied at low efficiencies to opaque when applied for maximum productivity .
NLV points out they have two keys , skills in optimizing the material and mastery of the engineering processes used in doing applications well under development .
Of the skills NLV has worked through , the chemical ‘ doping ’ or introduction of controlled impurities to impart specialized characteristics , and the development of multilayered structures to enhance the total light absorption .
Doped and stacked NLV tunes the composite of layers to cover the far infrared to ultraviolet .
Curiously , all the layers are composed of the same pyrite material , avoiding small limits on the layers .
As the unit is essentially one material , layers can be stacked up to 36 deep , maximizing the absorption .
Another technique that solves a pyrite problem is interconnecting the individual cells .
Recall that pyrite has that resistance issue .
NLV has pioneered a laser scribing technology that overcomes the resistance problem .
Laser scribing offers extreme precision and offers excellent voltage outputs .
It ’s also a cheap way to draw interconnects , maintains transparency where desired , and eliminated the use of acid etching and silver or lead metal handling .
Looking good , is n’t it ?
On the other hand is that this whole thing is based on digital modeling .
NLV makes a considerable case that what they ’ve learned and developed will go to working prototype .
They have gone so far as to acquire a former wafer facility in Munich - Perlach , Germany and install the chemical vapor deposition , ion implantation and laser scribing equipment .
The company ’s report lists developments to come in the hardware and software work for the ion implantation and the layout and controls for the laser scribing process .
The company notes that Germany has legislation in place that attracted them to the location .
The other hand does n’t seem empty .
What actually triggered my attention was the news that Koenigsegg , the Swedish supercar marque , and NLV Solar have joined forces to create the Quant , a four - seat solar car .
This marriage of power and energy is a breakthrough the car market has been anticipating for years .
A full - scale model is to be unveiled at the Geneva motor show .
Much to many peoples ’ surprise here in the U.S. is the car triggered more attention than the underlying technology .
NLV sees three main markets for the technology , permanent installations to offset or contribute to the grid , automotive applications and portable devices .
NLV makes clear they grasp the market factors , such as a technologies time to market , competition , and installed cost .
But as seen above they have some very attractive points .
If cost is competitive , efficiencies are quite high , weather survivability good and a very long highly productive useful life all come to pass in production models I would suspect that market share wo n’t be a problem .
A very long productive lifetime and high efficiency output go far to securing a customer ’s long - term investment .
Meanwhile , if you , your company or your community have an unused clean room looking for a user you might want to get in touch with NLV .
That ’s three , silicon , thin film and pyrites .
Let the market fight begin .
Comments
Disclosure : Some of the links in this post are affiliate links so if you click on the link and purchase the item , I will receive a commission .
5 Common Mistakes that Lead to Dull Knives
1 ) Storing Knives in the Kitchen Drawer
Proper Knife Storage
2 ) Putting Knives in the Dishwasher
Proper Knife Cleaning
3 ) Ignoring the Honing Steel
Proper Honing Steel Use
4 ) Using Glass Cutting Boards
Proper Cutting Boards
5 ) Never Professionally Sharpening Them
Proper Knife Sharpening
Proper care of your kitchen knives will lead to them staying sharper much longer .
Unfortunately , there are many simple mistakes people make that lead to quickly dulling knives .
Here 's 5 of the most common , and solutions to avoid them .
Kitchen knives that are stored in drawers dull very quickly .
This is because the blades jostle against each other whenever the drawer is opened , leading to nicks and dings in the knife blades .
There are two preferred methods for storing knives .
The first is a knife block , as long as the slits are horizontal and not vertical .
The better method is to use a magnetic storage strip like the T&Hproducts Magnetic Knife Holder .
This keeps them secured and prevents them from becoming nicked or bent from hitting each other .
Many people wash their good kitchen knives in the dishwasher .
This is bad for several reasons .
First , like in a drawer , the knives get jostled against each other and other silverware , resulting in nicks and bending of the blade .
Second , the chemicals in most dishwasher detergents can react with the handles and steel of the knives which can result in corrosion and discoloration of the knives .
Clean your knives promptly in the sink , by hand , without the use of harsh chemicals .
Dry them and put them away right after you wash them .
This will ensure that your knives stay sharp between uses and wo n't discolor .
Many people are intimidated by the honing steel and avoid it because they do n't know how to use it .
The honing steel does n't sharpen the knives , but it straightens the blades and removes nicks and dings from them .
The honing steel should be used almost every time before you use your knives .
It only takes 30 seconds and will keep your knives sharper for much longer .
Here is a good demonstration of properly using a honing steel
There are lots of pretty looking glass cutting boards and people tend to buy these for their looks .
However , cutting on these boards quickly dulls the knives because the glass is harder than the knife blade , causing the blades to bend and flatten .
To avoid dulling the knives on the cutting board you should use a bamboo cutting board .
There are many options , but Amazon.com sells a Premium 3 Piece Bamboo Cutting Boards set and a single Greener Chef 's Organic Bamboo Wood Cutting Board for reasonable prices .
Note that with any bamboo cutting board , it needs to be periodically oiled to keep up its quality .
For a less maintenance , a plastic cutting board is another good option for the same general price range .
The OXO Good Grips Utility Cutting Board is a solid selection that you can use for years to come .
Many people use their honing steel regularly and take good care of their knives and think that is enough .
Honing steel does not sharpen the blade so their knives slowly become duller and duller .
The best way to get super sharp knives is to have a professional sharpen them for you every 6 to 12 months .
For most knives this is inexpensive and will make a huge difference .
You can also sharpen your knives yourself at home using either an automatic or a manual knife sharpener , though we recommend still having them professionally sharpened every few years .
Emergency organisations could be overwhelmed within seven years by the rising number of people in poor countries affected by floods , droughts , heatwaves , wild fires , storms , landslides and other climate hazards .
Analysis by Oxfam International of the 6,500 climate - related disasters recorded since 1980 show that the numbers of people affected by extreme weather events , many of which are linked to climate change , has doubled in just 30 years and is expected to increase a further 54 % to more than 375 million people a year on average by 2015 .
The figure does not include people hit by other disasters such as wars , earthquakes and volcanoes .
Worldwide emergency aid spending will have to be nearly doubled to at least $ 25 bn ( £ 17.2 bn ) a year to cope , says the report , The Right To Survive .
" Climate change is set to overload the humanitarian system and destroy the lives and livelihoods of people today and into the future .
The system can barely cope with the current level of disasters and could be overwhelmed , " said Oxfam 's chief executive , Barbara Stocking .
Since the 1980s , the average number of people affected by climate - related disasters has risen from 121 million to 243 million a year .
Reported major floods have quadrupled , peaking in 2007 / 8 when 23 African and 11 Asian countries experienced their worst in memory , heavy rains hit much of Central America , hurricanes created havoc in the Caribbean and cyclones devastated large swaths of Burma and Bangladesh .
The projected increase in climate - related disasters is expected to be driven by more small and medium - scale events which attract the least humanitarian assistance .
" While climate change increases people 's exposure to disasters , it is their vulnerability to them that determines whether they survive , and if they do , whether their livelihoods are destroyed , " says the report .
" In rich countries , an average of 23 people die in any given disaster , [ but ] in least - developed countries , the average is 1,052 .
Poor people live in poorly constructed homes , often on land more exposed to hazards such as floods , droughts , or landslides , and in areas without effective health services or infrastructure , " it says .
In addition to the rise in extreme climatic events , people 's vulnerability to natural disasters is increasing .
" Rapid urbanisation in developing countries means that slums are expanding on to precarious land .
The global food crisis is estimated to have increased the number of hungry people in the world to just under one billion .
Now the global economic crisis is driving up unemployment and poverty , while undermining social safety nets " .
Oxfam called for a fundamental review of the humanitarian aid system , saying that in addition to the $ 25 bn a year for disaster relief , much more would be needed to adapt to future climate change .
" A commitment to rich countries spending $ 42bn a year to help them adapt to unavoidable climate change is a vital first step and in the medium - term , developing countries will need at least $ 50 bn a year . "
The report adds : " Finance for adaptation is an obligation – it must be separate and additional to aid commitments , in the form of grants not loans , and disbursed through equitable governance mechanisms . "
Oxfam condemned rich countries ' reluctance to provide money for poor countries .
" Adaptation finance is needed immediately so that developing countries can begin investing in projects to reduce vulnerability .
So far , rich countries have pledged $ 18bn in one - off amounts and less than $ 1bn has been delivered .
In the same time , countries have found trillions to bail out their banking sectors , " says the report .
According to the UN's office of humanitarian affairs , there have been climate - related disasters in Burundi , Bangladesh , Madagascar , Colombia , Indonesia , Peru and Bolivia in the past eight weeks .
The reason for the link is unclear Adults who suffer chronic sleep problems may be more likely to try to commit suicide , US research suggests .
Doctors are being warned to be vigilant if a patient reports disturbed sleep - even if they have no history of mental health problems .
The more types of sleep disturbances people had , the more likely they were to have thoughts of killing themselves , or actually try to do so .
The study will be presented at a World Psychiatric Association meeting .
This study reinforces the fact that good sleep is vital for good physical , mental and emotional health
Dr Neil Stanley
Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital The World Health Organization estimates that about 877,000 people worldwide die by suicide every year .
For every death up to 40 suicide attempts are made .
Scientists have consistently linked sleep disturbances to an increased risk of suicidal behaviour in people with psychiatric disorders and in adolescents .
But it has been unclear whether the association also exists in the general adult population .
Sleep disturbance A University of Michigan team examined the relationship over one year between sleep problems , and suicidal behaviour in 5,692 Americans .
During the course of the year 2.6 % of the sample had suicidal thoughts , and 0.5 % were recorded as making a suicide attempt .
INSOMNIA
On any given night one in three people will be struggling with insomnia Women twice as likely to be affected 10 % of people have clinical insomnia
Can be treated with techniques such as cognitive behaviour therapy
They looked at three types of sleep problems - difficulty falling asleep , difficulty staying asleep and waking at least two hours earlier than desired .
The researchers took account of factors such as substance abuse , depression , anxiety disorder , and physical illness , as well as social factors such as marriage and financial status .
People with two or more symptoms of insomnia were 2.6 times more likely to report a suicide attempt than those whose sleep was not disturbed .
Early morning waking was the single trait most strongly linked to suicidal behaviour .
Lead researcher Dr Marcin Wojnar said : " The presence of sleep problems should alert doctors to assess such patients for a heightened risk of suicide even if they do n't have a psychiatric condition .
" Our findings also raise the possibility that addressing sleep problems could reduce the risk of suicidal behaviours . "
Underlying link Dr Wojnar said it was possible that sleep disorders and suicidal thoughts were both the manifestation of a troubled psyche , or that poor sleep drove people to thoughts of suicide .
Most people with insomnia manage the effects very well
Dr Daniel Freeman
Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London
But he also suggested there could be an underlying physiological link between the two which was not clear .
Experts have suggested that a lack of sleep might affect the way the brain works , leading to poor judgement and less ability to control impulses .
It is also suspected that both sleep disorders and suicidal thoughts might be linked to an imbalance in the chemical serotonin , which plays a key role in regulating mood .
Dr Daniel Freeman , of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London , said the study showed that insomnia was very common , and could have a significant effect on psychological well - being .
He said : " It is very plausible that suicidal thoughts , which happen when we are depressed and find it hard to think our way out of our problems , have been linked to insomnia .
" However it needs to be remembered that insomnia is very common and suicidal thoughts less so .
Most people with insomnia manage the effects very well .
" Insomnia only triggers severe problems for people with a pre-existing vulnerability . "
Sleep important Dr Neil Stanley , a sleep expert at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital , said : " This study reinforces the fact that good sleep is vital for good physical , mental and emotional health .
" Poor sleep has long been linked with an increased risk of depression , but this study suggests that the increased risk of suicidal behaviour is not necessarily linked to depression and thus can affect those that doctors might not feel are at risk .
" It is another demonstration of the importance , both as an individual and as a society , of getting good sleep . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A vacated space aboard the Soyuz space capsule may allow another space tourist to travel to the International Space Station in September , the Russian Federal Space Agency says .
Space Adventures is selecting candidates for the flight .
Society / Georgian female inmates riot over sexist amnesty Female inmates in a penal colony in Tbilisi , Georgia are protesting over sexist amnesty
Politics / NATO - Georgia drills no more than political demarche : CIS official
The secretary of the Council of Defense Ministers of the post -Soviet Commonwealth of Independent States Alexander Sinaisky said Saturday he saw no reason for uneasiness over NATO 's upcoming exercises .
However , opinions differ
Russia in the World / Russian lion tamer chooses surgery in Germany After suffering injuries of both arms , world famous animal tamer Edgard Zapashny was delivered to a Moscow hospital
Weird news / Russian craftsmen offer another Easter wonder
An enormous ice egg designed by Russian sculptors will decorate a Moscow recreation park for Easter festivities
Society / Desperate Ukrainian miners refuse to leave pits Seventy - four mine workers tn the Donetsk region , eastern Ukraine , ook the decision to stay underground today in protest over wage debts
Russia in the World / Russian Pirate Bay supporters throw street pty in Moscow A group of fanatical Muscovite BitTorrent fans , Russian Pirate Bay supporters , threw a street party at Pushkin Square in the center of Moscow , RIA Novosti reports .
The organizers say it was symbolical of their support for The Pirate Bay Four
Good news : the next version of Microsoft 's Windows OS appears to be less of a resource hog than Windows Vista .
Microsoft announced Wednesday that a beta version of Windows 7 will be available for the general public to download and try out on Friday .
At the same time , it provided a list of the minimum system requirements it recommends for people who run the beta .
They call for a 1GHz processor ( 32 - or 64 - bit ) , 1GB of main memory , 16GB of available disk space , support for DX9 graphics with 128MB of memory ( for the Aero interface ) , and a DVD - R/ W drive .
Those are very similar to the recommended requirements for Windows Vista -- even though PC hardware will have advanced by as much as three years by the time the finished version of Windows 7 ships .
Microsoft noted that the Windows 7 requirements are for the beta version only and subject to change .
But it has also said the beta is " feature complete , " suggesting the requirements will not increase by much if the beta tests go smoothly .
Microsoft had indicated previously that one of its design goals for Windows 7 is to give it the same system requirements as for Vista .
When Vista shipped it was seen as too resource hungry for the systems some customers were trying to run it on , resulting in sluggish performance .
Indeed , Microsoft had to extend the life of Windows XP for small netbook computers because system makers said Vista would barely run on those devices at all .
Microsoft has now learned its lesson for Windows 7 .
" We are working very hard to provide comparable capabilities from a hardware consumption perspective -- memory and processor -- to what you saw in Windows Vista , and I think we may even be able to do a little bit better , " said Bill Veghte , Microsoft 's senior vice president in charge of Windows , in an interview at the Consumer Electronics Show Wednesday .
" I do n't want to make commitments on where we 'll be at RTM ( release to manufacturing , when the OS is complete ) , but at beta right now we look very comparable to the hardware requirements that Windows Vista had when it came out , and the hardware has moved on .
I am very optimistic , " he said .
Windows 7 will also be able to run on netbooks , he said .
" Doing a great job in Windows 7 around that class of devices is important and we 're committed to providing support for them , " Veghte said .
Microsoft 's official target for the completed version of Windows 7 is early next year , although Veghte suggested the company would release the OS earlier than that if the beta tests go very smoothly .
This movie was originally in development at Warner Brothers before the studio passed on the project , whereby it was transferred and ended up at Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
The New York Times reported that this movie " was dropped by one studio " and " orphaned at another when the studio head left . "
See more
Goofs
When Marlon Brando is in court grilling the Doctor .
His glasses are on , then they pan away from him for a moment then back to him and his glasses are up on his head .
Then they pan away for just a second , and when they go back to him , they are down again .
Very subtle but easy to notice .
See more
Josef Fritzl , the Austrian engineer who kept his daughter as a sex slave in a secret cellar underneath the family home for 24 years , has been sentenced to life imprisonment , having been found guilty of a catalogue of crimes including the negligent murder of one of the seven children he fathered with his daughter .
The jury at St Pölten court found him guilty on all counts – of negligent murder , enslavement , incest , rape , coercion and false imprisonment .
Fritzl quietly accepted the verdicts and waived his right to appeal .
It has not been decided exactly where the 73 - year - old will serve his sentence , though he will initially be transferred to the psychiatric wing of a prison in the capital , Vienna , for assessment , the court authorities said .
The life sentence would entail a minimum of 15 years in prison , according to Franz Cutka , vice president of St Pölten courts .
The 11 months he has already spent on remand count towards that sentence , he added .
After 15 years , he could apply to three judges for parole , but Fritzl 's lawyer said his client expected to spend the rest of his life in prison .
The homicide count of " murder by neglect " was the most serious of the charges against him , and the jury gave him the maximum punishment allowed by law .
The jury was not swayed by Fritzl 's 11th - hour confession of guilt , or his claim to be sorry " from the bottom of my heart " .
In what was seen as a last - ditch attempt to mitigate his punishment , the 73 - year - old defendant had made an emotional statement to court this morning .
" I regret from the bottom of my heart what I have done to my family .
Unfortunately , I can not make amends for it .
I can only try to look for possibilities to try to limit the damage that 's been done , " he said .
But prosecutor Christiane Burkheiser urged the jury not show mercy just because he had pleaded guilty .
She told them : " Do n't be duped like Elisabeth was 24 years ago . "
At a press conference after the verdict , Erich Huber - Günsthofer , the deputy director of St Pölten prison , where Fritzl has been held since his arrest last April , said the prisoner would initially be sent for assessment at the Mittersteig prison in Vienna .
At Mittersteig , there is a psychiatric wing where Fritzl 's mental health will be assessed .
Huber - Günsthofer , said that five questions would be asked : " Can he have therapy ?
Is he willing to undergo therapy ?
Can he change his ways ?
Is he ready to change his ways ?
And how much of a risk does he pose to others ? "
Fritzl may then be transferred to another prison or psychiatric institution of his choice .
" He has the right to voice an opinion on where he should be sent , but this wish has to tally with any expert opinion and with the directorate of the prison , " added Huber - Günsthofer
By giving Fritzl a life sentence , the jury ensured he received the maximum punishment for the crimes he committed over more than two decades .
Twenty - four years ago , he lured his then 18 - year - old daughter into the cellar of their family home .
There , in this damp , windowless prison , Fritzl raped her more than 3,000 times , his abuse resulting in seven children .
One of the babies , a twin boy called Michael , died from breathing difficulties shortly after being born in the cellar .
Fritzl failed to get the boy medical help and later burned his body in an incinerator .
It was this failure that resulted in a guilty verdict for the most serious charge against him , that of murder through negligence , which carries a life sentence .
Adelheid Kastner , the forensic psychiatrist who spent 25 hours with Fritzl in order to produce a report on his mental health , told the court yesterday that he should be sent to a secure psychiatric facility .
Kastner told the jury that locking him up without therapy and treatment could be dangerous , and that there was a real risk he would try to take his own life .
This is a shot of the weather station temp gauge at the Tetlin National Wildlife Refuge offices in Tok , Alaska .
I ’m still looking for a thermometer for the house that will register lower than - 60 degrees .
Any ideas ?
Lost 5.10 – He ’s Our You
“ A 12 - year - old Ben Linus just brought me a chicken salad sandwich .
How do you think I ’m doing ? ”
It seems like forever since we ’ve had a Sayid - centric story , so I was really excited to discover that tonight ’s episode was all about everyone ’s favorite Iraqi torture specialist .
Unfortunately , for as many great lines as there were , it actually ended up being one of the flatter episodes of the season .
That probably had something to do with the strange collection of flashbacks and flash forwards that accompanied the present day ( or new present , anyway ) storyline , because with the exception of Sayid ’s introduction to Ilana – who does n’t appear to be a federal marshal at all , but rather some sort of bounty hunter – we did n’t really learn anything new about the time between his rescue and return .
Even the action on the island was pretty dull .
Well , not dull so much as just really thin .
I mean , how many different times did we really need to see Sawyer trying to convince Sayid to cooperate with the Dharminians ?
And why did n’t Sayid want to take the easy way out by telling them that he was just trying to escape from the Others ?
I brought this up last week because it did n’t make any sense for Sayid to want to remain silent , and now it makes just as much sense after declining Sawyer ’s offer to become one of them .
If all he cared about was killing young Ben Linus , would n’t it have been easier to do so from within that circle of trust ?
Apparently not , because Sayid did n’t budge one bit , and as a result , Horace took him to go see Oldham ( William Sanderson of “ Deadwood ” fame ) in order to get some answers .
It was pretty obvious that Oldham was Dharma ’s torture specialist the moment his name was brought up , but Sayid asked Sawyer who Oldham was nonetheless , to which Sawyer replied “ He ’s our you . ”
Now , if that did n’t send chills down your back , I do n’t know what will , because that has to be one of the best episode titles in the history of the series ; and even more so because of the way it was worked into the story .
I would have liked to have found just what it was that Oldham stuck in Sayid ’s mouth , though , because while it seemed to initially operate as a truth serum , the later effects made me think it was some kind of psychedelic drug instead .
Whatever it was , it worked , but while it looked like Sayid would blow Sawyer ’s cover by spilling the beans , the moment he mentioned he was from the past , Horace seemed unconvinced that the drug had worked .
After Dharma ’s council votes to kill him , however , Sayid ’s Christ - like sacrifice ( which he seems to believe will atone for all his sins ) is interrupted when he ’s sprung from jail while everyone else is trying to deal with a flaming Dharma van that has randomly rolled into camp .
( Even during times of stress , Sawyer ’s wit is spot on : “ Three years , no burning buses .
You ’re all back for one day … ” ) .
Curiously enough , it ’s young
Ben who ’s responsible for saving Sayid , who does so under the condition that he can join him on his way back to the Others ’ camp .
I do n’t know if that ’s where Sayid plans to go ( it seems to be his only option at this point ) , but he definitely does n’t intend on bringing Ben with him .
Granted , I did n’t expect Sayid to kill a child in cold blood , but then again , who ’s to say Ben is really dead ?
Faraday has already stated that the past ca n’t be changed , so it ’s probably more likely that Ben will be saved / revived by the Others and eventually made their leader .
After all , Ben ’s spinal condition had to be a result of something , so why not an old gunshot wound that he received as a kid ?
Michelle says : Blueberry Muffin was one of two girls in our foster litter .
Like her brothers Rusty and Peep , Blueberry was all set to be adopted when her adopter backed out .
But the parents of the family that was adopting Rusty and Peep heard about how Blueberry would be the last kitten to get adopted and they did n't want her to be alone , so they surprised their kids by adopting all three !
It was pretty cool .
They even printed out the photos of all three of them and had the pictures on the mantel when we delivered them -- like they were a part of their family already .
We invited the family over a year later and their kids had fun playing with the foster kittens we had at the time .
A Tale of Six Kittens Part 1 : Marshmallow
A Tale of Six Kittens Part 2 : Strawberry Shortcake
A Tale of Six Kittens Part 3 : Avalanche
A Tale of Six Kittens Part 4 : Rusty and Peep
are not more harsh or critical than what we accept routinely in academic debate or civic life .
It is the subject matter that is the issue .
The unflinching tones adopted by The Four Horsemen are not more harsh or critical than what we accept routinely in academic debate or civic life .
It is the subject matter that is the issue .
One caveman stands in the rain .
Another behind him under shelter comments , " Um , why you standing in the rain ? "
" It not raining "
" Yes it is . "
" No it not . "
" Huh ?
Water fall from sky .
That rain . "
" That your opinion . "
" Not opinion .
Fact .
See? Raindrops . "
" Do n't need to look .
Already know it not rain . "
" If it not rain , then why you wet and me dry ? "
( Pause ) " Define ' wet ' . . . "
" Oww . . . Brain hurt ! "
It 's plain old mean to shake the faith that gives another person comfort and community , so do n't do it .
If you doubt , keep it to yourself .
Practice do n't - ask - do n't tell about unbelief .
Be respectful of other people -- respecting people means respecting their beliefs .
If someone tries to convert you , be polite because they only mean well .
Remember that faith is good and even a brittle , misguided faith is better than none at all .
But the most common accusation hurled against atheists is that they are insufferably arrogant .
In my experience , this accusation is rarely about a specific encounter : I was talking with Joan , my atheist neighbor down the street last week and do you know how I was treated by that insufferable witch ?!
No , it is more like a mantra .
In Seattle , there 's a chain of hamburger joints called Dick's .
People who find themselves on the topic of hamburgers will say , " Dick 's is great " almost as an opener , before they move on to the details of the conversation .
Amazingly , I 've heard this even from folks who have never eaten there .
Dick 's is great .
Atheists are arrogant .
The accusation provides cover for those who want dismiss thinkers like Sam Harris , Richard Dawkins , or Christopher Hitchens .
I 've often marveled that anyone could read Harris ' manifesto -- written as graduate student 's post - 9 - 11 cry of anguish , or Hitchens ' litany of social corrosion and atrocity in the names of gods , or Dawkins ' urgent appeal to evidence and reason , or Dennett 's nerdy analysis of human information processing , and find themselves reacting above all to perceived arrogance .
Images of people jumping from fiery buildings .
Mutilated genitals .
Radically cool glimpses of our mental circuitry - and the dominant reaction is disgust about arrogance ?
Interestingly , the accusation also provides cover for those who agree with the Four Horsemen .
Young non-theists writing even for edgy places like Wired Magazine or The Stranger go to some lengths to say I 'm not like those atheist guys .
We all can agree to loathe them .
Mind you , they do make a decent point or two . . . .
The ugly atheist stereotype is so strong , that people feel like they need to distance from atheism 's iconic figures if they want a shot at being heard - - or perhaps , even , liking themselves .
But what 's underneath the stereotype ?
For years , as a practicing psychologist , it was my job to listen for the feelings and needs behind the tone , and I think a host of feelings and yearnings are obscured by the " arrogance " label .
Below are some of the emotions I hear in the writings and conversations of self - identified atheists , and some my imperfect hypotheses about where they come from :
Nobody self - labels as an atheist in our culture unless he or she is " out " for a reason .
It 's like looking white in Alabama and making a point to tell people about your black father .
Freethinkers who adopt the label publicly have decided for one reason or another to take the heat , and they are not necessarily representative of the broad range of freethinkers who may choose other labels or none at all .
For some people , being out as an atheist is personality driven or developmental .
( All of us know natural born contrarians ; many of us experiment with identities on the way to adulthood . )
For some it is political .
For some it comes from a deep conviction that we must find some way to change the public conversation about what is good and what is real and how to live in community with each other .
All self - labeled atheists are braced , steeled against the stereotype , but they have varied reasons for looking society in the eye and saying , This is who I am .
What they have in common is a sense of determination and the willingness to pay a price .
Theism gets a pass on the rules of reason and evidence that normally guide our social discourse .
In a boardroom or a laboratory , we do n't get to say , " I just know in my heart that this product is going to sell , " or " This drug works even though the experiment did n't come out that way .
" Cartoonist Wiley Miller captured atheist frustration perfectly in a recent Non Sequitur entitled " The Invention of Ideology :" What does frustration sound like ?
When it does n't sound like brain pain , it sounds impatient , sharp and distancing .
Believers look at the dogmas of religions other than their own and see them as silly , and yet find their own perfectly reasonable .
Atheists , except for those few with formal training in the psychology of belief , find it incredible , almost unbelievable that the faithful do n't perceive some higher order parallel between their religion and others -- and run the numbers , so to speak .
Of course that 's not how ideology works , and per cognitive scientist Pascal Boyer , rationality is like Swiss Cheese for all of us .
But if you buy the Enlightenment view of man as a rational being , it 's easy to get sucked in and expect rationality and then be incredulous when you simply can't get smart people to bind themselves to the obligations of logic and evidence .
It feels obnoxious to have people assume that you have no moral core , that you rejected Christianity because you wanted to sin without guilt , or that you are damaged goods , the object of pity .
Fundamentalist Christians , when they have given up on conversion , treat non-believers as agents of evil who reject God , like Lucifer did , out of willful defiance .
Modernist Christians express benign sympathy -- and look for early childhood wounding ( in particular at the hands of fundamentalists that left the scarred freethinker unable to enjoy the wonder and joy of faith .
Both fundamentalists and modernists often assume that freethinkers miss out on wonder , joy and a sense of transcendent meaning .
Atheists take offense , even when these assumptions are couched kindly and are well intended .
Atheists , along with the rest of America , listened to a presidential inauguration in which the preachers , combined , got almost as much talk time as the president .
They help their kids figure out what to do with the anti-communist , " under God " line in the Pledge of Allegiance ( Go along with it ?
Stand silently ?
Substitute " under magic " ?
How about " under Canada ? " ) .
They pay their bills with " In God we trust . "
They listen to born - again testimonials as a part of public high school graduation ceremonies and reunions .
They do twelve years of training and then twelve hours of surgery and then read in the paper that a child was saved miraculously by prayer .
Sometimes they get mad .
On websites like exChristian.net , doubters often lurk for months or even years before they finally confess their loss of faith .
Because apostasy is so taboo , they struggle over how to tell their children , or spouses or parents or congregations -- especially the fallen ministers .
They wrestle with guilt and fear , just like their religions say they should .
They deal with rejection , even shunning .
Some of them come out at tremendous personal cost .
See " When Leaving Jesus means Losing Your Family . "
Although this does n't apply to all freethinkers , for those who are in the process of losing their religion , the pain is real .
And pain has an edge .
Try selling anything , including dogma , to a woman with a migraine .
Not all atheist pain about religion is personal .
Many nontheists feel anguished by the sexual abuse that is enabled by religious hierarchy , by women shrouded in black and girls barred from schools , by the implements of inquisition that lie in museums , by ongoing Christian witch burnings in Africa and India , or by those images of people leaping from windows .
Even less dramatic suffering can be hard to witness - children who fear eternal torture , teens who attempt suicide because they are gay and so condemned , women who submit to their own abuse or the abuse of their children because God hates divorce .
To the extent that we experience empathy , these events are can feel unbearable , the more so because they seem so unnecessary .
Atheist morality is rooted in notions of universal ethical principles , either philosophical or biological , and often centered on compassion and equity .
Since the point of atheist morality is to serve wellbeing , suffering caused by religion often triggers not only horror but moral outrage .
Each believer sees his or her religion as a positive moral force in a corrupt world .
Most think that morality comes straight from their god .
Because of this , believers fail to recognize when atheist outrage is morally rooted .
They do n't understand that atheists frequently see religion as a force that pushes otherwise decent people to have immoral priorities .
When , for example , the religious oppose vaccinations , or contraception , or they come to care more about gay marriage than hunger , an atheist is likely to perceive that religion undermines morality .
When theism sanctifies terrorism or honor killings , atheists are apalled .
What folks like Sam Harris and Bill Maher are saying , as loudly as they know how , is that they love this imperfect world , and they fear for it .
They long to see that which they cherish most : natural beauty , global community , human rights , and the fruits of scientific discovery handed down to their children and ours .
But they believe wholeheartedly in the power of religion to destroy that which they hold dear .
Why ?
Need we even ask ?
Think about the Twin Towers , the Taliban , the Religious Right 's yearning for Armageddon , the geometric progression of our global population curve and the Church 's opposition to family planning as a moral responsibility .
Think about the trajectory of human religious history - what has happened in the past when unquestioned ideologies controlled government and military .
Think abstractly about a social / economic / international policy approach that is unaccountable to data , one that sees doubt as weakness , agreement among insiders as proof , and change as bad .
Think concretely about suitcase nukes in the hands of Pentecostals or Wahabis who believe that a deity is speaking directly through their impulses and intuitions .
The prophets of the godless are crying out that 21st century technologies guided by Bronze Age priorities may bring about a scale of suffering that our ancestors could describe only as hell .
You might not agree with them , but to understand their in - your - face stridency as anything more complex than arrogance , you have hear the depth of their urgency .
Have you ever had a dream in which , no matter how hard you try no - one can hear you ?
Many freethinkers feel like that whenever they try to talk about their journey of discovery .
" Hey , " say former fundies .
" Guess what I found out .
The Bible contradicts itself .
Do you want to see where ? "
" I never meant to end up godless , " say former moderates .
" Do you want to hear how it happened ? " " ' A theory ' is n't something we dream up afterhours , " say biologists .
" Can we tell you what a scientific theory is to us ? " " We think we 've figured out how those out - of - body experiences and bright lights work - at a neurological level , " say neuroscientists .
" Care to know ? " " Religion may increase compassion toward insiders at the expense of outsiders , " say sociologists .
" Are you interested in finding out ? " " What if we can no longer afford beliefs without evidentiary basis ? " ask the bell ringers .
" What if unaccountable belief inevitably produces some that are dangerous ?
" It 's not the fundamentalists they are hoping to engage .
It is moderate , decent people of faith -- the majority of the human race .
But are moderate believers open to such questions ?
Many outsiders think not , and people who feel hopeless about being heard either go silent or get loud .
So , let 's come back to arrogance .
Yes .
Atheists are susceptible .
They think they have it right .
( So do we all . )
And yes , those nonbelievers who underestimate the power of viral ideologies and transcendent experiences tend to think that belief must be an IQ thing , meaning a lack thereof .
And yes , dismay , pain , outrage , incredulity and desperation all make people tactless , sometimes aggressively so .
But I do n't think any of these is why frank talk from atheists so consistently triggers accusations of arrogance .
The unflinching tones adopted by the Four Horsemen are not more harsh or critical than what we accept routinely in academic debate or civic life .
It is the subject matter that is the issue .
I would argue that atheist talk about religion seems particularly harsh because it violates unspoken norms about how we should approach religion in our relationships and conversations .
Here are some of those rules :
Outspoken atheists break all of these rules .
They do and say things that are verboten .
They insert their evidences and opinions where these are clearly unwelcome .
Is this the height of self - importance ?
Recently I interviewed former Pentecostal minister Rich Lyons about his journey out of Christianity .
We found ourselves laughing about the velvet arrogance of our former beliefs : that we , among all humans knew for sure what was real ; that we knew what the Bible writers actually meant ; that our instincts , hunches and emotions were the voice of God ; that we were designated messengers for the power that created the galaxies and DNA code -- and that He just happened to have an oh - so - human psyche , like ours .
What other hubris could compare , really ?
Maybe it is time for all of us glass - house dwellers , theists and freethinkers alike , to move beyond conversations about arrogance and onto much needed conversations about substance Valerie Tarico is the author of The Dark Side , and the founder of www.WisdomCommons.org
As the nation ’s governors desperately careen about seeking fresh tax revenue , perhaps it ’s time to heed the admonition of our president ’s consigliore to " never let a serious crisis go to waste ” and call on a constituency that ’s begging to be taxed .
Marijuana smokers .
Both prosecuted and persecuted by a culture that prefers to addle itself with the fruit of the vine , marijuana smokers have been paying a stiff tax on their recreational weed for decades .
The only difference is that this tax , or risk premium as economists call it , is n’t paid to the government .
It ’s paid to organized crime .
Where would you rather see your marijuana taxes go ?
OK , you ’re forgiven if you wo n’t answer that .
Where would you rather see your neighbor ’s marijuana taxes go ?
The well - worn arguments for and against Drug Prohibition have been repeated a thousand times .
Suppose we take a break from the culture wars and instead consider the bald economics of legalization ?
The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML ) – remember them ?
– estimates that legalizing and taxing marijuana could net the state of California alone over a billion dollars a year .
That ’s a billion fewer dollars that you and I have to fork over to bail them out of their fiscal mess .
And although it may seem like every pot smoker in the country lives in California , recent surveys indicate that over 42 % of our fellow citizens have tried the stuff .
That ’s a lot of people , and they live everywhere .
Whether or not you indulge , why would you prefer to see violent Mexican drug lords reap the financial rewards from satisfying a multi-billion dollar market that is never going to go away no matter how many dopey fried egg commercials they show on TV ?
Would n’t you rather see the money fund local schools , police and fire departments ?
You have to pick one or the other because sure as the sun rises , marijuana money is going to go somewhere .
Ask the folks who run your state lottery what they think about taking over a socially maligned business that used to be run by the mafia .
Their employees might be just as shiftless but at least they do n’t gun people down in the streets .
There is so much data out there on marijuana consumption that even a Keynesian economist could correctly total up the potential tax revenues and law enforcement savings that legalization would bring .
Alcohol tariffs have been a mainstay of American tax policy since the Whiskey rebellion .
Yes , this money briefly financed the mob during Prohibition , just as marijuana ’s risk premium does today .
But somehow Congress managed to extricate itself from that disastrous experiment in social engineering .
Have our politicians become that much more incapable since then ?
Worried about the impact of legalization on the young ?
For the sake of argument , imagine that a marijuana tax is set equal to the current risk premium so that the street price remained the same .
That would reduce the chance that plummeting prices might induce kids to switch over from alcohol , although why teenage drunks are preferable is an argument someone else is going to have to make .
Is our culture ready for marijuana legalization ?
Well , we now have our third president that smoked pot .
An entire generation of potheads has started collecting Social Security .
Even the editorial board of the Wall Street Journal is running regular commentaries attacking the economic imbecility of the War on Drugs .
So , what ’s holding back change ?
A lack of leadership ?
True , politicians do n’t usually lead as often as they jump out in front of the nearest parade .
Would it give them cover if a million protestors showed up in Washington DC , one half wearing suits and ties and the other half wearing tie - dyed tee shirts ?
Picture the banners .
“ Tax me now ! ”
The beauty of the Federalist system is that Washington does n't have to pretend it has a one - size - fits - all solution to complex problems like this .
Congress just has to step out of the way and let the states give it a try .
If one state wants to legalize and tax marijuana , another wants to decriminalize and treat it like a medical condition , and a third wants to continue consuming precious tax dollars incarcerating non-violent offenders so it can keep the market safe for organized crime , let 's see how each fares .
Thomas Jefferson would have approved .
Advertisements
After attempts to label President Obama ’s cap and trade proposal a sales tax on energy failed , Republican have shifted their attack to calling Obama ’s plan a tax that will cost American families an additional $ 3,100 a year .
The problem is that this is a lie .
Republicans have been claiming that , “ The Administration raises revenue for increased spending through a series of new taxes , including a light switch tax that would cost every American household $ 3,128 a year .
What effect will this have on Americans struggling to pay their mortgages ? ”
Where did the GOP get this number from ?
According to Polifact , the number came from a 2007 M.I.T. study .
When the GOP uses the term light switch tax what they are really referring to is Obama ’s cap and trade plan .
What the GOP did to come up with their numbers was use a little warped math .
Advertisements
They used the cap and trade program in the M.I.T. report , not Obama ’s , and divided the hypothetical revenue number from the report by the number of households in the country to come up with their $ 3,100 number .
However , when Republicans asked John Reilly an economist and one of the authors of the report about the numbers , they were told that they were wrong , “ Someone from the House Republicans had called me ( March 20 ) and asked about this , ” Reilly said .
“ I had explained why the estimate they had was probably incorrect and what they should do to correct it , but I think this wrong number was already floating around by that time . ”
Reilly even told them why their calculations were wrong , “ That ’s just not how economists calculate the cost of a tax proposal .
The tax might push the price of carbon - based fuels up a bit , but other results of a cap - and - trade program , such as increased conservation and more competition from other fuel sources , would put downward pressure on prices .
Moreover , consumers would get some of the tax back from the government in some form . ”
The motivation for the GOP is simple .
They are looking for a way to oppose cap and trade without being opposed to combating global warming .
Republicans consider this more government regulation on the private sector , and cap and trade would also violate the Republican ideology of never doing anything that would harm the corporate bottom line , but anti-climate change legislation has widespread support , so the GOP has to find a way to scare public support away from Obama ’s proposal .
I first wrote about this on Saturday , when the GOP first starting floating the attack that Obama ’s cap and trade was a sales tax on energy .
The GOP is trying to pull a page out of the same playbook that they used to defeat President Clinton ’s health care reform .
If the GOP ca n’t find a good reason to oppose a bill , they try to scare people by claiming that the proposed program is too expensive , all the while hiding the real reason why they oppose the legislation .
It is tactics like these , which turn people away from politics .
The Republican Party is still trying to scare America , instead of lead it .
In the deep , lucid channels of Australia 's Shark Bay , wild bottlenose dolphins have discovered tools , raising provocative questions about the origins of intelligent behavior , the nature of learning and the birth of technology .
There , dolphins in one extended family routinely use sponges to protect their noses as they forage for fish hidden in the abrasive seafloor sand , Georgetown University scientists reported earlier this month .
As ...
Seems like making your own periodic table based on your favorite hobby or video games is all the craze now .
I ’m not sure why , but it does seem like a cool idea .
The above Final Fantasy chart was made by a geekologie reader , Rafi .
Below are two more periodic tables that are making it ’s rounds through the intarwebs .
“ Anyone who ’s going to read your article has either used marijuana or knows someone who has , and they know that person is not a criminal . ”
That ’s how cannabis legalization activist , co-founder of the British Columbia Marijuana Party and former Vancouver NDP candidate Dana Larsen ended our phone interview .
Larsen , who will speak tonight at the Grad Club , has been involved in the cannabis anti-prohibition movement since his teenage days .
“ When I was a student at Simon Fraser University , I started a club on campus .
I guess that was kind of my first activism , ” he said .
In 1994 , shortly after he graduated , Larsen helped create Cannabis Culture Magazine , where he was editor until 2005 .
Marc Emery , the leader of the British Columbia Marijuana Party and so - called “ Prince of Pot , ” served as the publisher .
Larsen said that , because the magazine ’s office in Vancouver was close to that of the Marijuana Party ’s which frequently experienced police raids , running the publication was sometimes difficult .
“ Working with Marc Emery I ’ve seen lots of interesting things happen over the years , ” he said .
“ We would all take pay cuts and the magazine would get delayed . ”
Emery , who ’s facing extradition to the United States for conspiracy to distribute marijuana and marijuana seeds , used to run a store called Hemp BC , which played a major part in selling cannabis - related paraphernalia .
In 1998 , police seized his entire stock .
“ When Marc was running Hemp BC , the police would raid and take all the bongs and pipes , ” Larsen said , adding that bongs and pipes are still illegal in Canada , though the law is rarely enforced .
The sale and distribution of marijuana is illegal in Canada , but its use has been permitted for medicinal purposes since 2001 .
In 2006 , Larsen founded the Vancouver Seed Bank , which sells seed varieties by mail - order , including those for banned plants such as marijuana and coca , which is used in the production of cocaine .
Larsen , who was invited to speak at Queen ’s by the Students for Sensible Drug Policy and the Young New Democrats , said his talk tonight will centre on the plant origins of four prohibited drugs : marijuana , coca leaf , opium poppy and psilocybe mushrooms .
“ My goal is to realign peoples ’ thinking , ” he said .
“ We think of drugs as white powders and chemical labs in people ’s basements , but at its origin it ’s really a war on plants . ”
Larsen said he ’ll speak about the industrial uses of hemp , the coca plant ’s benefits and the use of opium poppies for pain relief .
He ’s also speaking at the University of Toronto and Wilfred Laurier University .
Larsen said he has managed to steer clear of police action so far .
“ I ’ve never been arrested or charged with anything or done any time , ” he said .
Aside from the police , Larsen said public response to his work has generally been supportive .
“ Usually people … see what we ’re doing as a useful thing , ” he said .
Cannabis Culture Magazine circulates most of its 75,000 printed copies in the United States , but Canada is its second - largest market , Larsen said .
When he was the editor , he said , the magazine sometimes faced legal troubles .
Police in Timmins , Ontario forced the removal of the magazine from shelves on the grounds that it was a “ crime comic . ”
Larsen said the magazine is banned in Australia and New Zealand , as well as other countries .
While working at the magazine , Larsen co-founded the British Columbia Marijuana Party and the Canadian Marijuana Party .
He ran as a candidate for the Canadian Marijuana Party in the 2000 federal election , receiving three per cent of the vote in the West Vancouver - Sunshine Coast riding .
In 2001 , he ran in the British Columbia provincial election , receiving 3.5 per cent of the vote .
For a one - issue party , Larsen said , the results were surprisingly high .
“ We were n’t expected to elect anybody .
Our goal was to show the other parties there was a movement and a voice for this .
We received three per cent of the vote our first election , which for a single - issue party is fairly substantial I think — it shows for three per cent of people it ’s the number one issue . ”
In September 2003 , Pot.TV , an online source for videos related to marijuana culture and another Emery - led initiative , featured the federal New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton as its guest .
Layton , who had been party leader for nine months at the time , came to Emery ’s home courting the anti-prohibitionist vote in an anticipated upcoming election .
Larsen said he already supported NDP philosophy and ideas in other areas , but Layton ’s appearance marked a political turning point for him .
“ When Jack Layton came on Pot. TV I joined the NDP , ” he said .
Leaving the Canadian Marijuana Party in Emery ’s hands , Larsen set to work on reforming the NDP ’s drug policy .
“ When I joined the NDP I always found a lot of grassroots support for drug reform .
What the party was lacking was a comprehensive statement that puts all the drug policies together , ” he said .
“ There was also some inconsistency between provincial and federal parties .
There ’s always going to be some disagreement , but I found that often provincially they favoured prohibition but federally they were more open . ”
In 2005 , Larsen founded eNDProhibition , an anti-prohibition wing of the NDP .
“ Part of creating eNDProhibition was to bring parties on the same page on this issue , ” he said .
“ We ’re basically NDPers who want to see a change to the drug laws and see the party take a stronger stance on this . ”
He said the group , which has about 700 members across Canada , has passed resolutions in several provinces regarding cannabis and supervised injection sites .
“ To me it ’s all one issue , but … we often have one in each of those two camps to bring the party together on these two issues , ” he said of cannabis and supervised injection .
Larsen was set to run as an NDP candidate in Vancouver in the October 2008 federal election , but resigned in September after questions emerged about his role with the Seed Bank .
In addition , a video from Pot . TV surfaced of him smoking marijuana and taking psychedelic drugs LSD ( lysergic acid diethylamide ) and DMT ( dimethyltryptamine ) .
After taking DMT , he was shown driving a vehicle .
Larsen said he was n’t legally impaired in the video , but he resigned to avoid drawing negative attention to the Party .
“ The videos that they showed and all the stuff that I ’ve done — I stand by virtually all of that stuff .
I ’m proud of a lot of the work that I ’ve done , but I also understand that taking LSD and filming yourself and putting it on the Internet is a bit out there for a lot of people , ” he said .
Larsen said he had been a candidate for a year and a half and should have released the videos to the public earlier .
“ Having the Liberal Party release that stuff during an election campaign — and that ’s what happened — puts it in the worst possible light , it made it very difficult , he said .
I did n’t want to make Jack Layton defend what I ’d done on video 10 years ago . ”
“ It looked like I was going to become the focus and that totally was n’t my goal within the Party . ”
Larsen said the NDP did n’t kick him out and Layton was n’t involved in the process .
“ I could have forced the issue but I did n’t want to do that .
I think I made the right decision , but it was a difficult one to make . ”
Larsen said he ’d like to run as a candidate again .
“ If having taken marijuana or psychedelics means that you ’re not allowed to run for political office then that eliminates a lot of people .
A number of other politicians have used marijuana but they do n’t do it on camera and they do n’t have it released to the public during an election campaign .
“ Everyone ’s got a stupid video of themselves doing something they should n’t have done , ” he said .
“ I was doing it before Facebook and YouTube , so maybe I ’m ahead of the curve . ”
Larsen said he ’ll continue to push the NDP on its stance on drugs .
“ It ’s not a peripheral issue , it ’s a key issue that ties into other areas of concern , ” he said .
“ I ’d like to see the NDP , at the provincial level , become more proactive on this .
At the provincial level you ’ll have the party saying , ‘ We do support legalization , but we ca n’t do anything about it , so in the meantime we have to crack down on these gangs . ’
I find that to be a contradiction from my perspective . ”
Larsen said marijuana legalization is a politically touchy topic .
“ With every politician there ’s sort of this fear , they do n’t really know how to talk about marijuana and drug policy , ” he said .
“ But I ca n’t think of an area of policy where our laws are more inappropriately based on harm and punishment and a misunderstanding of human behaviour than in marijuana prohibition . ”
Larsen said anti-prohibition is n’t necessarily a partisan issue , pointing out that right - wing think tank the Fraser Institute supports the legalization of all drugs .
Larsen said his job is n’t finished until “ our children and grandchildren are n’t still living this nightmare and seeing our money and our resources go towards people who are not guilty of any crime at all .
“ I think Canada has a unique opportunity to make a difference in this area , and I think it ’ll be a shame if we do n’t . ”
Dana Larsen speaks tonight at 7 p.m. on the second floor of the Grad Club .
The Proceeds of Crime
The US and British governments have created a private prison industry which preys on human lives .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian , 3rd March 2009
It ’s a staggering case ; more staggering still that it has scarcely been mentioned on this side of the ocean .
Last week two judges in Pennsylvania were convicted of jailing some 2000 children in exchange for bribes from private prison companies .
Mark Ciavarella and Michael Conahan sent children to jail for offences so trivial that some of them were n’t even crimes .
A 15 year - old called Hillary Transue got three months for creating a spoof web page ridiculing her school ’s assistant principal .
Mr Ciavarella sent Shane Bly , then 13 , to boot camp for trespassing in a vacant building .
He gave a 14 year - old , Jamie Quinn , 11 months in prison for slapping a friend during an argument , after the friend slapped her .
The judges were paid $ 2.6 million by companies belonging to the Mid Atlantic Youth Services Corp for helping to fill its jails ( 1,2,3 ) .
This is what happens when public services are run for profit .
It ’s an extreme example , but it hints at the wider consequences of the trade in human lives created by private prisons .
In the US and the UK they have a powerful incentive to ensure that the number of prisoners keeps rising .
The United States is more corrupt than the UK , but it is also more transparent .
There the lobbyists demanding and receiving changes to judicial policy might be exposed , and corrupt officials identified and prosecuted .
The UK , with a strong tradition of official secrecy and a weak tradition of scrutiny and investigative journalism , has no such safeguards .
The corrupt judges were paid by the private prisons not only to increase the number of child convicts but also to shut down a competing prison run by the public sector .
Taking bribes to bang up kids might be novel ; shutting public facilities to help private companies happens – on both sides of the water – all the time .
The Wall Street Journal has shown how , as a result of lobbying by the operators , private jails in Mississippi and California are being paid for non-existent prisoners ( 4,5 ) .
The prison corporations have been guaranteed a certain number of inmates .
If the courts fail to produce enough convicts , they get their money anyway .
This outrages taxpayers in both states , which have cut essential public services to raise these funds .
But there is a simple means of resolving this problem : you replace ghost inmates with real ones .
As the Journal , seldom associated with raging anti-capitalism , observes , “ prison expansion [ has ] spawned a new set of vested interests with stakes in keeping prisons full and in building more . …
The result has been a financial and political bazaar , with convicts in stripes as the prize . ” ( 6 )
Even as crime declines , law - makers are pressed by their sponsors to increase the rate of imprisonment .
The US has , by a very long way , the world ’s highest proportion of people behind bars : 756 prisoners per 100,000 people ( 7 ) , or just over 1 % of the adult population ( 8 ) .
Similarly wealthy countries have around one - tenth of this rate of imprisonment .
Like most of its really bad ideas , the last Conservative government imported private jails from the US .
As Stephen Nathan , author of a forthcoming book about prison privatisation in the UK , has shown , the notion was promoted by the Select Committee on Home Affairs , which in 1986 visited prisons run by the Corrections Corporation of America .
When the corporation told them that private provision in the US improved prison standards and delivered good value for money , the committee members failed to check its claims .
They recommended that the government should put the construction and management of prisons out to tender “ as an experiment ” ( 9 ) .
Encouraged by the committee ’s report , the Corrections Corporation of America set up a consortium in Britain with two Conservative party donors , Sir Robert McAlpine Ltd and John Mowlem & Co , to promote privately financed prisons over here .
The first privately - run prison in the UK , Wolds , was opened by the Danish security company Group 4 in 1992 .
In 1993 , before it had had a chance to evaluate this experiment , the government announced that all new prisons would be built and run by private companies .
The Labour party , then in opposition , was outraged .
John Prescott promised that “ Labour will take back private prisons into public ownership – it is the only safe way forward . ” ( 10 ) Jack Straw stated that “ it is not appropriate for people to profit out of incarceration .
This is surely one area where a free market certainly does not exist ” .
He too promised to “ bring these prisons into proper public control and run them directly as public services . ” ( 11 )
But during his first seven weeks in office , Jack Straw renewed one private prison contract and launched two new ones .
A year later he announced that all new prisons in England and Wales would be built and run by private companies , under the private finance initiative ( PFI ) .
Today the UK has a higher proportion of prisoners in private institutions than the US ( 12 ) .
This is the only country in Europe whose jails are run on this model .
So has prison privatisation here influenced judicial policy ?
As we discovered during the recent lobbying scandal in the House of Lords , there ’s no way of knowing .
Unlike civilised nations , the UK has no register of lobbyists ; we are not even entitled to know which lobbyists ministers have met ( 13 ) .
But there are some clues .
The former home secretary , John Reid , previously in charge of prison provision , has become a consultant to the private prison operator G4S ( 14 ) .
The government is intending to commission a series of massive Titan jails under PFI .
Most experts on prisons expect them to be disastrous , taking inmates further away from their families ( which reduces the chances of rehabilitation ) and creating vast warrens in which all the social diseases of imprisonment will fester .
Only two groups want them built : ministers and the prison companies : they offer excellent opportunities to rack up profits .
And the very nature of PFI , which commits the government to paying for services for 25 or 30 years whether or not they are still required creates a major incentive to ensure that prison numbers do n’t fall .
The beast must be fed .
And there ’s another line of possible evidence .
In the two countries whose economies most resemble the UK’s – Germany and France – the prison population has risen quite slowly .
France has 96 inmates per 100,000 people , an increase of 14 % since 1992 .
Germany has 89 prisoners per 100,000 : 25 % more than in 1992 but 9 % less than in 2001 .
But the UK now locks up 151 out of every 100,000 inhabitants : 73 % more than in 1992 and 20 % more than in 2001 ( 15 ) .
Yes our politicians have barely come down from the trees , yes we are still governed out of the offices of the Daily Mail , but it would be foolish to dismiss the likely influence of the private prison industry .
This revolting trade in human lives creates a permanent incentive to lock people up ; not because prison works ; not because it makes us safer , but because it makes money .
Privatisation appears to have locked this country into mass imprisonment .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Amy Goodman , 17th February 2009 .
How Two Former PA Judges Got Millions in Kickbacks to Send Juveniles to Private Prisons .
Democracy Now !
http://www.alternet.org/rights/127461/amy_goodman:_how_two_former_pa_judges_got_millions_in_kickbacks_to_send_juveniles_to_private_prisons/
2. The Economist , 26th February 2009 .
Bad judges : the lowest of the low .
3. Stephanie Chen , 24th February 2009 .
Pennsylvania rocked by ‘ jailing kids for cash ’ scandal .
CNN .
http://edition.cnn.com/2009/CRIME/02/23/pennsylvania.corrupt.judges/index.html
4. Bryan Gruley , 6th September 2001 .
Prison Building Spree Creates Glut of Lockups .
Wall Street Journal .
5. Joseph T. Hallinan , 6th November 2001 .
Going Backwards .
Wall Street Journal .
6. Bryan Gruley , ibid .
7 . http://www.kcl.ac.uk/depsta/law/research/icps/worldbrief/wpb_country.php?country=190
8 . The total prison population at the end of 2007 ( see above ) was 2,293,157 .
The most recent figure for the adult population I can find – 217.8 million – was produced by the US Census Bureau in 2004 .
http://www.census.gov/Press-Release/www/releases/archives/population/001703.html
9. Stephen Nathan , 2003 .
Prison Privatization in the United Kingdom .
Published in
Capitalist Punishment : Prison Privatization & Human Rights .
Clarity Press , Inc. , Atlanta .
10 . John Prescott , 1994 , quoted by Stephen Nathan , ibid .
11 . Jack Straw , 8th March 1995 , quoted by Stephen Nathan , ibid .
12 . 7.2 % in the US , 11 % in the UK .
http://www.prisonreformtrust.org.uk/subsection.asp?id=268
13 . The Committee on Standards in Public Life , cited by the House of Commons Public Administration Select Committee , 5th January 2009 .
Lobbying : Access and influence in Whitehall .
Volume I , para 187 .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200809/cmselect/cmpubadm/36/36i.pdf
14 . Security Oracle , 18th December 2008 .
G4S Appoints John Reid As Group Consultant .
http://www.securityoracle.com/news/G4S-Appoints-John-Reid-As-Group-Consultant_14833.html
15 .
http://www.kcl.ac.uk/depsta/law/research/icps/worldbrief/
Paragraph 1 .
The authority citation for part 1 is amended by revising the entry for “ Section 1.351 - 1 ” to read , in part , as follows :
Authority : 26 U.S.C. 7805 * * *
Section 1.351 - 1 also issued under 26 U.S.C. 351 . * * *
Par .
2 . Section 1.332 - 2 is amended by :
1. Revising the first sentence of paragraph ( a ) .
2. Revising paragraph ( b ) .
3. Revising the heading of the Example in paragraph ( e ) .
4. Adding Example 2 to paragraph ( e ) .
The revisions and addition read as follows :
Example 2 . P Corporation owns all of the outstanding preferred and common stock of Q Corporation .
The preferred stock is not stock described in section 1504 ( a ) ( 4 ) .
The fair market value of Q Corporation ’s assets exceeds the amount of its liabilities but does not exceed the liquidation preference on the Q Corporation ’s preferred stock .
Q Corporation liquidates and distributes all of its assets to P Corporation .
P Corporation receives partial payment for its Q Corporation preferred stock but receives nothing for its Q Corporation common stock .
The receipt by P Corporation of the properties of Q Corporation is not a distribution received by P Corporation in complete liquidation of Q Corporation within the meaning of section 332 .
Thus , under section 165 ( g ) , P Corporation is entitled to a worthless security deduction for its Q Corporation common stock .
The transaction may qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( C ) .
If the transaction does not qualify as a reorganization , P Corporation will recognize gain or loss on its Q Corporation preferred stock under section 331 .
( b) Section 332 applies only when the recipient corporation receives at least partial payment for each class of stock that it owns in the liquidating corporation .
If section 332 does not apply , see section 165 ( g ) regarding the allowance of losses for worthless securities for a class of stock for which no payment is received .
Further , if section 332 does not apply and the recipient corporation receives partial payment for at least one class of stock that it owns in the liquidating corporation , see section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) regarding potential qualification of the distribution as a reorganization .
If section 332 does not apply and the distribution does not qualify as a reorganization , see section 331 for those classes of stock for which partial payment is received .
( b) (1 ) When property is transferred to a corporation by two or more persons in exchange for stock , as described in paragraph ( a ) of this section , and the stock received is received in disproportion to the transferor ’s prior interest in such property , the entire transaction will be given tax effect in accordance with its true nature , and the transaction may be treated as if the stock had first been received in proportion and then some of such stock had been used to make gifts ( section 2501 et seq . ) , to pay compensation ( sections 61 ( a ) ( 1 ) and 83 ( a ) ) , or to satisfy obligations of the transferor of any kind .
Example 4 . A , an individual , transfers an apartment building with a fair market value of $ 175 x to Corporation X .
The building is subject to a nonrecourse obligation of $ 190 x and no other asset is subject to that liability .
A receives 10 shares of Corporation X stock in the exchange .
Immediately after the exchange , Corporation X is solvent and A owns 100 % of its outstanding stock .
Under paragraph ( a ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) of this section , the 10 shares of Corporation X stock received by A will not be treated as issued for property because the fair market value of the apartment building does not exceed the amount of A ’s liabilities assumed by Corporation X .
Therefore , section 351 does not apply to the exchange .
(A) The fair market value of the transferred property does not exceed the sum of the amount of liabilities of the transferor that are assumed by the transferee in connection with the transfer and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 351 ( a ) without the recognition of gain ) received by the transferor in connection with the transfer .
For this purpose , any obligation of the transferor for which the transferee is the obligee that is extinguished for federal income tax purposes in connection with the transfer is treated as a liability assumed by the transferee ; or
( ii ) Stock will not be treated as issued for property if it is issued for property which is of relatively small value in comparison to the value of the stock already owned ( or to be received for services ) by the person who transferred such property and the primary purpose of the transfer is to qualify under this section the exchanges of property by other persons transferring property ; and
( i) Stock will not be treated as issued for property if it is issued for services rendered or to be rendered to or for the benefit of the issuing corporation ;
( a) ( 1 ) Section 351 ( a ) provides , in general , for the nonrecognition of gain or loss upon the transfer by one or more persons of property to a corporation solely in exchange for stock of such corporation if , immediately after the exchange , such person or persons are in control of the corporation to which the property was transferred .
* * * For purposes of this section , stock rights and stock warrants are not included in the term stock .
In addition , for purposes of this section —
§ 1.368 -1 Purpose and scope of exception to reorganization exchanges .
* * * * *
( b) (1 ) * * * Requisite to a reorganization under the Internal Revenue Code are a continuity of business enterprise through the issuing corporation under the modified corporate form as described in paragraph ( d ) of this section , a continuity of interest as described in paragraph ( e ) of this section ( except as provided in section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) ) , and an exchange of net value as described in paragraph ( f ) of this section .
Notwithstanding the requirements of this paragraph ( b ) ( 1 ) , an exchange of net value is not required for a transaction to qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( E ) or ( F ) and , to the extent provided in paragraph ( f ) ( 4 ) , for a transaction to qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) .
* * *
(2) Effective dates .
The third and fourth sentences of paragraph ( b ) ( 1 ) of this section apply to transactions occurring after the date these proposed regulations are published as final regulations in the Federal Register .
The fifth and sixth sentences apply to transactions occurring after January 28 , 1998 , except that they do not apply to any transaction occurring pursuant to a written agreement which is binding on January 28 , 1998 , and at all times thereafter .
* * * * *
( e ) * * *
(1) * * *
( i ) * * * See paragraph ( e ) ( 6 ) of this section for rules related to when a creditor ’s claim against a target corporation is a proprietary interest in the corporation .
* * *
( ii ) * * * A proprietary interest in the target corporation is not preserved to the extent that creditors ( or former creditors ) of the target corporation that own a proprietary interest in the corporation under paragraph ( e ) ( 6 ) of this section ( or would be so treated if they had received the consideration in the potential reorganization ) receive payment for the claim prior to the potential reorganization .
(2) * * *
A proprietary interest in the target corporation is not preserved if , in connection with a potential reorganization , a person related ( as defined in paragraph ( e ) ( 3 ) of this section ) to the issuing corporation acquires either a proprietary interest in the target corporation or stock of the issuing corporation that was furnished in exchange for a proprietary interest in the target corporation for consideration other than stock of the issuing corporation .
The preceding sentence does not apply to the extent those persons who were the direct or indirect owners of the target corporation prior to the potential reorganization maintain a direct or indirect proprietary interest in the issuing corporation .
* * * * *
(6) Creditors ’ claims as proprietary interests — ( i ) In general .
A creditor ’s claim against a target corporation may be a proprietary interest in the target corporation if the target corporation is in a title 11 or similar case ( as defined in section 368 ( a ) ( 3 ) ) or the amount of the target corporation ’s liabilities exceeds the fair market value of its assets immediately prior to the potential reorganization .
In such cases , if any creditor receives a proprietary interest in the issuing corporation in exchange for its claim , every claim of that class of creditors and every claim of all equal and junior classes of creditors ( in addition to the claims of shareholders ) is a proprietary interest in the target corporation immediately prior to the potential reorganization .
( ii ) Value of proprietary interest — ( A ) In general .
Generally , if a creditor ’s claim is a proprietary interest in the target corporation , the value of the proprietary interest is the fair market value of the creditor ’s claim .
( B) Claims of creditors of most senior classes .
For a claim of the most senior class of creditors receiving a proprietary interest in the issuing corporation and a claim of any equal class of creditors , the value of the proprietary interest in the target corporation represented by the claim is determined by multiplying the fair market value of the claim by a fraction , the numerator of which is the fair market value of the proprietary interests in the issuing corporation that are received in the aggregate in exchange for the claims of those classes of creditors , and the denominator of which is the sum of the amount of money and the fair market value of all other consideration ( including the proprietary interests in the issuing corporation ) received in the aggregate in exchange for such claims .
( iii ) Bifurcated claims .
If a creditor ’s claim is bifurcated into a secured claim and an unsecured claim pursuant to an order in a title 11 or similar case ( as defined in section 368 ( a ) ( 3 ) ) or pursuant to an agreement between the creditor and the debtor , the bifurcation of the claim and the allocation of consideration to each of the resulting claims will be respected in applying the rules of this paragraph ( e ) ( 6 ) .
( iv ) Effect of treating creditors as proprietors .
The treatment of a creditor ’s claim as a proprietary interest in the target corporation shall not preclude treating shares of the target corporation as proprietary interests in the target corporation .
(7 ) * * *
* * * * *
Example 10 .
Creditors treated as owning a proprietary interest .
T has assets with a fair market value of $ 150 x and liabilities of $ 200 x .
T has two classes of creditors , the senior creditors with claims of $ 50 x , and the junior creditors with claims of $ 150 x .
T transfers all of its assets to P in exchange for $ 95 x and shares of P stock with a fair market value of $ 55 x .
The T senior creditors receive in the aggregate $ 40 x and P stock with a fair market value of $ 10 x in exchange for their claims .
Each T senior creditor receives stock and nonstock consideration in the same proportion .
The T junior creditors receive $ 55 x and P stock with a fair market value of $ 45 x in exchange for their claims .
The T shareholders receive no consideration in exchange for their T stock .
Under paragraph ( e ) ( 6 ) of this section , because the amount of T ’s liabilities exceeds the fair market value of its assets immediately prior to the potential reorganization , the claims of the creditors of T may be proprietary interests in T .
Because the senior creditors receive proprietary interests in P in the transaction in exchange for their claims , their claims and the claims of the junior creditors and the T shareholders are treated as proprietary interests in T immediately prior to the transaction .
Under paragraph ( e ) ( 6 ) ( ii ) of this section , the value of the senior creditors ’ proprietary interests in T is $ 10 x , the value of the proprietary interests in P that they received in exchange for their claims .
In addition , the value of the junior creditors ’ proprietary interests in T immediately prior to the transaction is $ 100x , the value of their claims .
Because P is treated as acquiring 50 percent of the value of the proprietary interests in T in exchange for P stock ( $ 55 x / $ 110x ) , a substantial part of the value of the proprietary interests in T is preserved .
Therefore , the continuity of interest requirement is satisfied .
(8) * * *
The sixth sentence of paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( i ) of this section , the last sentence of paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) of this section , paragraph ( e ) ( 2 ) of this section , paragraph ( e ) ( 6 ) of this section , and Example 10 of paragraph ( e ) ( 7 ) of this section apply to transactions occurring after the date these proposed regulations are published as final regulations in the Federal Register .
( f) Exchanges of net value — ( 1 ) General rule .
An exchange of net value requires that there be both a surrender of net value and a receipt of net value .
Whether there is a surrender of net value is determined by reference to the assets and liabilities of the target corporation .
Whether there is a receipt of net value is determined by reference to the assets and liabilities of the issuing corporation ( as defined in paragraph ( b ) of this section ) .
The purpose of the exchange of net value requirement is to prevent transactions that resemble sales ( including transfers of assets in satisfaction of liabilities ) from qualifying for nonrecognition of gain or loss available to corporate reorganizations .
(2) Asset transactions .
There is an exchange of net value in a potential reorganization to which section 361 would apply only if —
( i) Surrender of net value .
The fair market value of the property transferred by the target corporation to the acquiring corporation exceeds the sum of the amount of liabilities of the target corporation that are assumed by the acquiring corporation in connection with the exchange and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 361 ( a ) without the recognition of gain ) received by the target corporation in connection with the exchange .
For this purpose , any obligation of the target corporation for which the acquiring corporation is the obligee that is extinguished for federal income tax purposes in connection with the exchange is treated as a liability assumed by the acquiring corporation ; and
( ii ) Receipt of net value .
The fair market value of the assets of the issuing corporation exceeds the amount of its liabilities immediately after the exchange .
(3) Stock transactions .
There is an exchange of net value in a potential reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( B ) or section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) by reason of section 368 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( E ) only if —
( i) Surrender of net value .
The fair market value of the assets of the target corporation exceeds the sum of the amount of the liabilities of the target corporation immediately prior to the exchange and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 354 without the recognition of gain and nonqualified preferred stock within the meaning of section 351( g ) ) received by the shareholders of the target corporation in connection with the exchange .
For this purpose , assets of the target corporation that are not held immediately after the exchange and liabilities of the target corporation that are extinguished for federal income tax purposes in the exchange other than ones , if any , to the corporation into which the target corporation merges in the case of a potential reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) by reason of section 368 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( E ) are disregarded ; and
( ii ) Receipt of net value .
The fair market value of the assets of the issuing corporation exceeds the amount of its liabilities immediately after the exchange .
(4) Exception .
The requirement that there be an exchange of net value does not apply to a transaction that would otherwise qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) by reason of section 354 or so much of section 356 as relates to section 354 , provided that the fair market value of the property transferred to the acquiring corporation by the target corporation exceeds the amount of liabilities of the target corporation immediately before the exchange ( including any liabilities cancelled , extinguished , or assumed in connection with the exchange ) , and the fair market value of the assets of the acquiring corporation equals or exceeds the amount of its liabilities immediately after the exchange .
(5) Examples .
For purposes of the examples in this paragraph ( f ) ( 5 ) , each of P , S , and T is a corporation ; all corporations have only one class of stock outstanding ; A , B , C , and D are individuals ; and the transaction is not otherwise subject to recharacterization .
Except as otherwise provided , no person is related to any other person and the fair market value of the assets of each corporation exceeds the amount of its liabilities immediately prior to the transaction described in the example .
The following examples illustrate the application of this paragraph ( f ) .
Example 1 . T has assets with a fair market value of $ 50 x and liabilities of $ 75 x , all of which are owed to A .
T transfers all of its assets to S in exchange for S stock with a fair market value of $ 50 x .
T distributes the S stock to A in exchange for the T debt owed to A. T dissolves .
T’s shareholders receive nothing in exchange for their T stock .
Under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , T surrenders net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 50 x ) exceeds the sum of the amount of liabilities that are assumed by S in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 361 ( a ) without the recognition of gain ) received by T in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) .
In addition , under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) of this section , T receives net value because the fair market value of the assets of S exceeds the amount of its liabilities immediately after the exchange .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is an exchange of net value .
Example 2 . P owns all of the stock of both S and T .
T has assets with a fair market value of $ 100 x and liabilities of $ 160x , all of which are owed to P .
T transfers all of its assets to S in exchange for S stock with a fair market value of $ 100 x .
T distributes the S stock to P in exchange for the T debt owed to P. T dissolves .
P receives nothing in exchange for its T stock .
Under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , T surrenders net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 100 x ) exceeds the sum of the amount of liabilities of T assumed by S in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 361 ( a ) without the recognition of gain ) received by T in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) .
In addition , under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) of this section , T receives net value because the fair market value of the assets of S exceeds the amount of its liabilities immediately after the exchange .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is an exchange of net value .
The result would be the same if no S stock were issued .
Example 3 .
The facts are the same as in Example 2 , except that T ’s debt is owed to B .
T transfers all of its assets to S in exchange for the assumption of T ’s liabilities .
T dissolves .
The obligation to B is outstanding immediately after the transfer .
P receives nothing in exchange for its T stock .
Under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , T does not surrender net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 100 x ) does not exceed the sum of the amount of liabilities of T assumed by S in connection with the exchange ( $ 160 x ) .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is no exchange of net value .
The result would be the same if S stock were issued .
Example 4 .
The facts are the same as in Example 3 , except that S first assumes the T debt owed to B and subsequently T transfers all of its assets to S in exchange for S stock with a fair market value of $ 100 x .
If S ’s assumption of the T debt is made in connection with the subsequent transfer of T assets to S , under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , T does not surrender net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 100 x ) does not exceed the sum of the amount of liabilities of T assumed by S in connection with the exchange ( $ 160 x ) .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is no exchange of net value .
Example 5 . P owns 70 % of the stock of T . A owns the remaining 30 % of the stock of T . T has assets with a fair market value of $ 100 x and liabilities of $ 160x , all of which are owed to P. T merges into P . A receives nothing in exchange for its T stock .
Under ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , even though T ’s obligation to P is extinguished in the transaction , it is treated as a liability assumed by P .
Thus , under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , T does not surrender net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 100 x ) does not exceed the sum of the amount of liabilities of T assumed by P in connection with the exchange ( $ 160 x ) .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is no exchange of net value .
Example 6 . A owns all of the stock of S. S has assets with a fair market value of $ 200 x and liabilities of $ 500x , all of which are owed to T .
The S debt has a fair market value of $ 200 x .
In addition to the S debt , T has other assets that have a fair market value of $ 700 x .
T has no liabilities .
T transfers all of its assets to S in exchange for S stock with a fair market value of $ 900 x .
T distributes the S stock to its shareholders in exchange for their T stock .
T dissolves .
S cancels all of its stock held by its shareholders immediately prior to the exchange .
Under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( i ) of this section , T surrenders net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 900 x ) exceeds the sum of the amount of liabilities of T assumed by S in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 361 ( a ) without the recognition of gain ) received by T in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) .
In addition , under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) of this section , T receives net value because the fair market value of the assets of S ( $ 900 x ) exceeds the amount of the liabilities of S ( $ 0 x ) immediately after the exchange .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is an exchange of net value .
Example 7 . P owns all of the stock of S. T has assets with a fair market value of $ 300 x and liabilities of $ 650 x , $ 500 x of which are owed to P and $ 150 x of which are owed to A . T merges into S .
In the merger , P stock is issued to A in satisfaction of the debt owed to A by T .
Also in the merger , P contributes to the capital of T the debt P is owed .
Assume the merger would qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( A ) by reason of section 368 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( D ) if the exchange of net value requirement in paragraph ( f ) ( 1 ) of this section did not apply .
Whether there is a surrender of net value is determined by reference to the actual merger of T into S .
Thus , T surrenders net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 300 x ) exceeds the sum of the amount of liabilities of T assumed by S in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 361 ( a ) without the recognition of gain ) received by T in connection with the exchange ( $ 0 x ) .
Whether there is a receipt of net value is determined by reference to the issuing corporation , in this case , P . T receives net value because the fair market value of the assets of P exceeds the amount of the liabilities of P immediately after the exchange .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is an exchange of net value .
Example 8 . P owns all of the stock of both S and T . T transfers all of its assets to S in exchange for $ 34 x , the assets ’ fair market value .
Following this transfer , T pays its debts of $ 2 x and dissolves , distributing the remaining $ 32 x to P. Assume the transaction would qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) by reason of section 354 or so much of section 356 as relates to section 354 if the net value requirement in paragraph ( f ) ( 1 ) of this section did not apply .
Under paragraph ( f ) ( 2 ) of this section , there is no exchange of net value because the fair market value of the property transferred by T ( $ 34 x ) does not exceed the amount of money received by T in connection with the exchange ( $ 34 x ) .
However , under paragraph ( f ) ( 4 ) of this section , because the transaction would otherwise qualify as a reorganization under section 368 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) and the other requirements of paragraph ( f ) ( 4 ) of this section are satisfied , the exchange of net value requirement does not apply .
Accordingly , the transaction qualifies as a reorganization under section 368( a ) ( 1 ) ( D ) .
Example 9 . A and B own all of the stock of T . T has assets with a fair market value of $ 500 x and liabilities of $ 900x , all of which are owed to C and D , security holders of T .
P acquires all of the stock and securities of T in exchange for P voting stock .
In the transaction , A and B receive nothing in exchange for their stock of T. C and D exchange all of their securities of T for stock of P. Under paragraph ( f ) ( 3 ) ( i ) of this section , there is a surrender of net value because the fair market value of the assets of T held immediately prior to the exchange that are held immediately after the exchange ( $ 500 x ) exceeds the sum of the amount of liabilities of T immediately prior to the exchange ( $ 0x , disregarding the liabilities of $ 900 x extinguished in the exchange ) and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 354 without the recognition of gain and nonqualified preferred stock within the meaning of section 351( g ) ) received by the shareholders of T ( $ 0 x ) .
In addition , under paragraph ( f ) ( 3 ) ( ii ) of this section , there is a receipt of net value because the fair market value of the assets of P exceeds the amount of the liabilities of P immediately after the exchange .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is an exchange of net value .
Example 10 .
A and B own all of the stock of P , and C and D own all of the stock of T .
P has assets with a fair market value of $ 400 x and liabilities of $ 500x , and T has assets with a fair market value of $ 1000 x and liabilities of $ 600 x .
P acquires all of the stock of T. C and D exchange all of their T stock , with a fair market value of $ 400x , for P stock with a fair market value of $ 300 x immediately after the transaction .
P cancels all of the stock held by A and B immediately prior to the exchange .
Under paragraph ( f ) ( 3 ) ( i ) of this section , there is a surrender of net value because the fair market value of the assets of T held immediately prior to the exchange that are held immediately after the exchange ( $ 1000 x ) exceeds the amount of liabilities of T ( $ 600 x ) immediately prior to the exchange and the amount of any money and the fair market value of any other property ( other than stock permitted to be received under section 354 without the recognition of gain and nonqualified preferred stock within the meaning of section 351( g ) ) received by the shareholders of T ( $ 0 x ) .
In addition , under paragraph ( f ) ( 3 ) ( ii ) of this section , there is a receipt of net value because the fair market value of the assets of P ( $ 800 x ) , which includes the fair market value of the stock of T , exceeds the amount of its liabilities ( $ 500 x ) immediately after the exchange .
Therefore , under paragraph ( f ) of this section , there is an exchange of net value .
To the extent that C and D surrender T stock with a value in excess of the value of the P stock they receive , the tax consequences of the surrender of the additional stock are determined based on the facts and circumstances .
(6) Effective date .
This paragraph ( f ) applies to transactions occurring after the date these proposed regulations are published as final regulations in the Federal Register .
Par .
5 . Section 1.368 - 2 is amended by revising paragraph ( d ) ( 1 ) to read as follows :
Tags
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke considers it to be time for more fund transfers to the coffers of struggling financial institutions here in the United States .
The details seem to be basically more of the same proposed solutions from the fall of 2008 .
If you are interested in reading some of his thoughts as portrayed in the common news media , see his comments quoted in this recent CNN.com article .
In short , while speaking in London recently , he cautioned that the proposed funds for the economic stimulus plan — supported by the robbing of American citizens — are " unlikely to promote a lasting recovery unless they are accompanied by strong measures to further stabilize and strengthen the financial system . "
This means he is priming for a request for more government funds in exchange for government equity positions in the banks .
There is no mention of the fact that no lasting recovery can possibly come from ( 1 ) misallocation of the factors of production , ( 2 ) inflation of the money stock in massive proportions , and ( 3 ) the squeezing out of capital ( in addition to the already - misallocated production factors ) from more appropriate , entrepreneurial lines demanded by the free market .
It is interesting to see the psychology at play here : give the banks more money or else the massive stimulus will fail due to " instability . "
It is unclear whether this type of scare tactic will ever stop working , but if the recent past is any indicator , Mr. Bernanke will get his wish for more funds .
Additionally , Bernanke is calling for global central - bank cooperation .
This can be construed to mean global inflation in concert , the bank controllers reaping the benefits while the dollar and other centrally planned currencies are inexorably plundered of purchasing power .
Anyone who has studied free - market economic principles even briefly will have strong concerns regarding these statements .
At a deeper level , one hopes that common sense would make it clear to even those who have not been fortunate enough to learn about sound - money principles that these ideas propose a dangerous path .
Perhaps an even bigger problem , however , is that Mr. Bernanke conveys these ideas while professing to be a strong believer in the free markets !
It is unclear how this should be taken : is it an outright lie , or does he expect that the average citizen is not capable of understanding the difference between a free market and what we have instead ?
Indeed , is it Bernanke 's wish that the average citizen not understand ?
This confusion on the citizens ' part is , after all , what gives those in power the ability to stay there .
It is hard to imagine a more blatant push towards nationalization of the banks ( already a legalized cartel ) .
Further guarantee of the debt of financial institutions — already overburdened with high - risk debt in exchange for the government taking equity positions — is preposterous .
The notion of privatized profits combined with losses guaranteed by the taxpayers is usually not what comes to mind when someone touts their strong beliefs in a free - market economy .
Yet these ideas are openly set forth as a solution to the economic problems currently faced in America and around the world .
Paul Krugman has commented that President - elect Obama 's proposed stimulus plan will not go far enough , i.e. , the level of expropriation is not deemed to be high enough to succeed .
These ideas , dominated by Keynesian economic thought , are openly discussed — and proposed by the most recent laureate of the Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel , no less — and it seems that the vast majority of the American citizenry pay no attention as the man behind the curtain steers our nation ever more rapidly along the road to socialism .
When thinking through the current situation , the average citizen would do well to consider the teachings of F.A. Hayek , economics Nobel laureate in 1974 .
An exposition in the mainstream media presenting the competing ideas side by side would be a great start .
The hope , ultimately , is that the ideas of liberty and prosperity would be too hard to resist .
Unfortunately , the general idea portrayed by the mainstream media is that the free market has failed and , as Mr. Bush remarked recently , must be abandoned in order to be saved .
$ 8 $ 5 " Faith in free markets can only be established after showing the world what can be accomplished by having true freedom in the marketplace to begin with . "
In this light , Mr. Bernanke 's conclusion to his recent remarks , reaffirming his strong belief in the free markets , is ludicrous .
His actions — supported by the current administration and sure to be supported by the following administration — speak so much louder than his words .
But it seems the vast majority do not hear or understand — believing , as they 've been told , that our economy is failing because of insufficient regulation .
This open attack on capitalism and the corresponding lack of understanding of the truth is a great hindrance to the struggle for liberty .
It is long past time for this to change .
As sound economic policies are fundamental to the ideals of freedom , the fallacies inherent in the doctrine preached by Mr. Krugman and Mr. Bernanke , and perpetuated by President Bush , must be brought to light and dispelled .
For real change to come to America , this is imperative .
Faith in free markets can only be established after showing the world what can be accomplished by having true freedom in the marketplace to begin with .
Mr. Bernanke would do well to keep this in mind as he proposes ever more socialistic measures to correct problems induced by the very organization he is charged to lead .
When cloning a Git repository , there is an option to limit the amount of history your clone will have .
If you set the parameter to –depth 1 , you get the least amount of history , and you create a shallow clone .
The git clone man page says that you cannot push your commits if you have a shallow clone .
Apparently , there is no error message when you actually push your commits , so it is a situation that might bring problems in the repository in the future .
Lacking more details on whether pushing commits from shallow clones is bad for the repository , let ’s measure if there are any gains when someone opts for shallow clones .
Module ( gnome - 2 - 26 )
Full clone ( MB ) Shallow clone ( MB ) evolution 204 189 gtk+ 193 172 nautilus 139 108 gnome - games 127 120 gnome - applets 110 98 gnome - user - docs 108 102 evolution - data - server 84 77 anjuta 76 66 libgweather 69 68 gnome - panel 68 60 ekiga 61 49 dasher 58 49 orca 55 47 gnome - utils 53 48 gnome - icon - theme 51 49 gedit 49 45 epiphany 48 42 gnome-control - center 46 40 gdm 43 38 glib 42 37 gnome-system - tools 33 29 gnome - media 33 30 totem 31 27 gnome - power - manager 31 27 gnome - backgrounds 31 30 brasero 31 29 metacity 29 27 gnome - desktop 28 24 tomboy 27 25 seahorse 24 22 gnome - terminal 23 21 gnome - session 23 20 gucharmap 22 19 gnome-vfs 22 19 glade3 21 19 gconf 21 20 eog 21 18 gcalctool 19 17 libgnomeui 18 15 gtkhtml 18 16 evince 18 15 gnome - themes 17 16 cheese 17 15 file - roller 16 14 empathy 16 15 gok 14 13 gtksourceview 13 12 gnome - keyring 13 12 gnome - doc-utils 13 13 bug- buddy 13 11 zenity 12 11 yelp 12 11 sound - juicer 12 11 libgnome 12 11 gvfs 12 9.9 gnome-system- monitor 12 11 deskbar - applet 12 9.5 libbonobo 11 8.8 gnome - settings - daemon 11 11 gnome - devel - docs 11 11 evolution - exchange 9.9 9.3 gnome - screensaver 9 8.3 vte 8.7 7.5 libbonoboui 8.7 7.4 libgtop 8.4 6.9 libgnomeprintui 8.4 7.1 gconf - editor 8.4 7.9 libgnomeprint 8.1 7 vinagre 7.3 6 libwnck 6.6 5.9 accerciser 6.6 6.3 gtk-engines 6.4 5.4 sabayon 5.8 5.2 vino 5.7 5.3 gnome - nettool 5.3 4.9 mousetweaks 5 4.7 totem- pl- parser 4.6 4.5 at - spi 4.5 3.9 libgnomecanvas 4.3 3.7 atk 4.2 3.7 gnome - netstatus 4.1 3.8 devhelp 3.9 3.2 gdl 3.5 3.2 gnome - mag 3.2 2.9 gnome - menus 3 2.6 hamster - applet 2.8 2.2 gnome-user - share 2.6 2.5 evolution - mapi 2.2 2.1 libgnomekbd 1.8 1.7 alacarte 1.6 1.4 pessulus 1.5 1.3 evolution - webcal 1.4 1.3 swfdec - gnome 1.1 0.94 Total ( MB ) 2625.6 2349.24 Time ( min ) 52 37
The git repositories for all modules of gnome - 2 - 26 weight 2.6GB while their shallow clones are 2.3GB .
There is a difference of less than 300MB .
Comparatively , if it takes 52 minutes to clone all GNOME 2.26 repositories , their shallow clones save 15 minutes .
The speed that was reported by git clone was about 1.4MB/s in this experiment .
Cloning is bound by both your bandwidth and your CPU ( especially when resolving deltas ) .
It would be interesting to evaluate if there would be benefits ( on git.gnome.org load , speed of cloning ) by having daily tarballs of anonymous clones of the modules , so that one can download using HTTP and then simply add their account details and update with git pull –rebase .
With the above information , it makes sense to avoid making shallow clones , especially when you intend to push your changes .
Instead , one would dedicate at least 2.6GB for the repositories , and keep them .
intltool - manage -vcs was used to retrieve the repositories .
Update : The GNOME 2.26 modules ( 2.6GB in size for all their repositories ) , compresses down to 1.6GB ( .tar.bz2 ) .
Researchers at the University of Zurich have developed a new fabric that effectively repels water .
Drops of water falling on the fabric form into spherical balls on the surface and fall off without making the fabric wet when as little as a two degree tilt is applied to it .
Water is repelled by a layer of silicone nanofilaments coating the surface .
The 40 nanometer coating protect the layers of polyester fabric underneath , preventing the water from ever reaching beneath the surface .
“ Water repellent wood ”
( Credit : Professor Stefan Seeger ) Lead researcher Stefan Seeger claims the coated fabric is the most water repellent clothing appropriate material ever created .
Water simply will not reach the fabric proper even if the cloth is fully immersed in the liquid .
Experiments have demonstrated that the material remains dry to the touch even after two months of continuous submersion .
The silicone nanofibers also trap air underneath the surface , creating a layer of air between the coating and the polyester similar to the plastrons that allow some insects to breathe underwater .
This layer can reduce drag underwater by as much as twenty percent , perhaps making this fabric ideal for wetsuits and swimwear .
The coating is also fairly durable , holding up well to rubbing .
This may be the first step toward new self - cleaning clothing or material impervious to dirt and wear .
That said , the nanofilament coating does not currently survive a standard washing machine cycle and so is not yet practical for use in most clothing .
Water repellent fabric
( Credit : Professor Stefan Seeger )
While polyester produces the best results , the nanofiber coating can also be applied to wool , cotton , and other textiles .
The coating process is simple , consisting solely of applying silicone gas to the fibers and allowing it to condense into nanofilaments .
In the future , the same process could coat glass and metals as well as textiles .
This could potentially result in water repellent windows and all sorts of weatherproof instruments and machines made from rust resistant metals .
Is it possible to be too plain speaking ?
Harriet Harman sometimes makes you wonder .
Uncomplicated by humour , intricacy and , for much of the time , any evidence of considered thought , her oratory exhibits an unwavering commitment to simple expression .
One thinks , for example , of this recent comment on Fred the Shred 's pension : " It is not acceptable and therefore it will not be accepted . "
Her feats of clarity have impressed even the Plain English campaigners .
Three years ago , when Harman was minister for constitutional affairs , hers was the first department to publish legislation , the draft Coroner Reform Bill , with a translation into what she called " ordinary English " alongside the usual legalese .
" The aim is to link government more effectively to parliament and the public , " she explained .
" All that most members of the public can do is listen to the debate professional politicians are having about the bill … so it 's hard for people just to see for themselves what a bill would mean to them . "
Which , when translated , turned out to mean :
Ms Harman is preternaturally sympathetic to the interests of the Primark - going classes and therefore better suited than any of her rivals to be deputy leader of the party .
Perhaps it is thanks to Harman 's influence that the prime minister is also increasingly translated into plain English .
Compare " I wake up in the morning thinking what we can do to help " with his allusion , in a speech delivered 1994 , to " post - neoclassical endogenous growth theory " .
Abandoning the Ed Balls demotic , the prime minister now appears to take inspiration from an easy - to - follow book by Dr Seuss : Mr Brown can moo , can you ?
For example , in case the public should find it hard to process the meaning of " I wake up in the morning thinking what we can do to help " , Mr Brown is careful to repeat the line almost every time he addresses the public .
This way , even hardworking toddlers can understand that they are being patronised .
It seems that one thing that occurred to Mr Brown recently , when he woke up in the morning , was a helpful fiscal procedure called " quantitative easing " .
He went and told Harriet Harman about it .
A week or so ago , Harriet duly told the House of Commons that " in respect of quantitative easing , the monetary policy committee has introduced up to £ 75 bn extra that will be put in the economy " .
Given Harriet 's commitment to simple speech , as well as the airy way in which she made this incomprehensible announcement , it 's possible she thinks quantitative easing is so commonplace an expression that any explanation would be an insult to the intelligence of ordinary people .
Unlike the legal language in her coroners bill , whose translation , unfortunately , almost no ordinary people ever appreciated because the bill was all about tinkering with the legal system and therefore of interest only to lawyers .
Quantitative easing , on the other hand , is of tremendous interest to anyone who thinks that the £ 150bn further agreed by Alistair Darling is a lot of public money and wonders where in the economy it is going to be , to use the technical term , " put " .
Maybe , since there are no clues from the government , we are meant to work it out for ourselves .
We 've most of us heard the word quantitative , or at least , quantity , have n't we ?
Plus , Boots is full of remedies for easing this or that .
So put them together and what have you got ?
The product increasingly known as QE : a measurable amount of making something better .
Perhaps it contains tea tree oil .
At any rate , this balm sounds just the ticket if you ever have the misfortune to get mixed up in an extraordinary rendition .
Sorted .
Or it would be if some trusted financial interpreters from outside the government were not suggesting that QE is , in fact , a glib acronym for a Japanese euphemism for a potentially disastrous variation on printing money which has only ever been tried , with debatable success , in Japan .
But definitions vary .
Within Westminster , there was some confusion at a committee of experts about the exact relation between QE and the " Asset Purchase Facility " recently discussed in letters between Mervyn King and Alistair Darling .
Are n't they the same thing , ie , printing money ?
Certainly not , sniffed one witness , the new deputy governor of the Bank of England , a Mr Tucker .
Any new money involved would not be printed , he insisted , but " created " .
But could it , once created by a divine agency , be later turned into notes by some sort of sub-lunary outfit ?
Like a bank ?
An awestruck committee did not inquire .
Even if the public is accustomed , by now , to looking up all the different kinds of City junk on Wikipedia , it is surely the government 's responsibility to explain this latest bit of jargon , given that it appears to be Treasury policy , as opposed to a Ponzi scheme , or a CDO or some other demi-corrupt speculator device .
Maybe it believes the concept is beyond us .
Is it any more complicated than the Oxford professor for the public understanding of science , Marcus du Sautoy , explaining the surprisingly high probability of two people sharing a birthday ?
Or how about giving the job to the panel from Melvyn Bragg 's In Our Time which recently did such a brilliant job with Schrödinger 's cat ?
On the other hand , the cat theory does feature a cat .
In all the jargon and circumlocution to emerge in this recession , the words quantitative easing stand out for having no ostensible relationship with the process they are meant to describe .
QE looks less like a squalid official euphemism , along the easily decipherable lines of " collateral damage " , than a piece of deliberate concealment .
But you have to admire the skill that has gone in condensing such a wealth of artful dishonesty into two words or letters .
Until now , the government 's preferred technique , when troublesome information could not be straightforwardly suppressed , was to inter it within thick layers of protective prose .
From the monster Hutton report , to the unspeakably written EU constitution turned Lisbon treaty , and Lord Stern 's scary , strictly unreadable climate change epic , crushing tedium and dreary appendices have proved superbly effective diluters of democratic debate , even on the most urgent topics .
At least the information was in there , somewhere .
How , Harriet Harman would once have asked , can members of the public discover what QE means to them from a random pair of words , presented without so much as a footnote ?
It is quite a theme with Brown , these days , to deprecate bankers who " did not understand the risk in which they were involved " and to scorn anyone who contradicts his own analysis as a boneheaded liability .
" If you do not understand , " he told the BBC 's Julian Worricker on a supposedly empathetic phone - in last week , " and others do n't understand what the problem is we 're dealing with , we 'll never solve it . "
Unless , as now , he manages to pass off his favoured solution , that of PM , as QE : a cross between a popular TV programme , our beloved queen and a generous dose of laxative .
Every morning , when he wakes up , Gordon must think about this and have a right laugh .
During a live taping of Diggnation , Kevin Rose revealed details about the expected " Copy and Paste " functionality coming in iPhone 3.0 .
World of Apple reports on the event with a link to a video of the moment ( warning : strong language ) .
According to Rose , to invoke Copy and Paste , you simply double tap on the word , and a magnifier bubble will appear with two quotes that you can drag around your selection .
Once you make your selection , you can copy , paste or cut .
Rose has been accurate in the past with details about upcoming Apple product revisions .
As well , we have also heard that Copy and Paste will be arriving in 3.0 alongside a much improved homepage / springboard with the ability to organize in categories .
Apple will be revealing iPhone 3.0 in detail on Tuesday , March 17th at a special media event .
THE recent shooting of two prominent Kenyan human - rights campaigners in broad daylight in Nairobi , the country 's capital , has darkened the national mood just when Kenya 's fragile coalition government is showing signs of stress and the global recession is beginning to batter the economy anew .
The campaigners , Kamau King'ara and Paul Oulo , had been investigating death squads widely thought to be linked to senior politicians , so it was immediately assumed that the pair had been silenced by orders from on high .
Mr King 'ara had said that at least 1,700 young Kenyans had been shot or tortured to death by death squads during President Mwai Kibaki 's first term in office between 2002 and 2007 , while another 6,500 - plus had disappeared , probably also at the hands of government goons .
His was not an isolated allegation .
Last month Philip Alston , a UN investigator , published a report documenting around 500 death - squad executions in the months leading up to the election of December 2007 , whose disputed results led to 1,500 or so deaths and the displacement of at least 300,000 Kenyans in the subsequent violence .
Mr Alston , an Australian , called for the chief of police , Hussein Ali , and the attorney - general , Amos Wako , to resign .
They show no sign of doing so .
Hours before the two campaigners were killed , the government 's spokesman accused Mr King 'ara of raising funds for the feared Mungiki , a gang of thugs ( mainly Kikuyus , members of Kenya 's largest and richest ethnic group ) who have terrorised people in the area around Nairobi for several years .
Human - rights groups say this is nonsense , and Mr Alston has called for an independent investigation into the killings .
Raila Odinga , prime minister in Kenya 's increasingly shaky coalition government , said America 's FBI should be called in , a suggestion perhaps designed to embarrass security ministers in Mr Kibaki 's part of the coalition .
Speculation as to the killers ' motives abounds .
Some suggest that policemen suspected of setting up and running the death squads were furious that they were being investigated , especially since the politicians who are presumed to have given the go - ahead have got off scot - free .
A death - squad member had already been hunted down and killed after blowing the whistle .
A local investigative journalist was beheaded , possibly by the police .
Apologists for Kenya 's Criminal Investigation Department and other units say the police have been performing a patriotic duty .
Most of the murdered men whose cases were documented by Mr Alston were suspected of having sworn an oath of allegiance to the Mungiki , who attract their young adherents with a blend of Kikuyu revivalism , nostalgia for anti-colonial Mau Mau rebels , Jamaican and American street culture , and community action .
Some say the death squads were told to wipe out a generation of Mungiki leaders to ensure that poor young Kikuyus stay loyal to Mr Kibaki , who heads the old Kikuyu establishment .
The police also wanted to curb the Mungiki 's crimes , particularly their habit of extorting money from bus drivers and passengers .
Mr Alston 's findings have been well received by the Mungiki , who have since held marches in Nairobi and smaller Kikuyu - populated towns .
If they mutate from being tribal chauvinists into class warriors , the Mungiki may start to menace the old guard .
The rising cost of food , soaring unemployment and the grimness of life in the huge slums abutting central Nairobi may open up space for a potent new movement that could cut across ethnic lines .
“ A thousand death squads wo n't deal with all these angry young men , ” says a local observer .
In any event , the grand coalition government put together less than a year ago after the disputed elections may be buckling under the weight of its own inadequacy .
Corruption and mismanagement are still rife .
The government has created an “ eat - and - let - eat ” dispensation , with officials from both ends of the coalition pilfering the country 's resources .
Even if it were being well governed , Kenya would have to sprint just to stand still , since the population is continuing to balloon ; from less than 8 m at independence in 1963 , it now exceeds 37 m .
The infrastructure continues to fall to bits , health care and education are patchy .
Land reform , a topic that stirs angry feelings , particularly between competing ethnic groups , has still not been addressed .
Some 4 m Kenyans now rely on food aid .
The number in absolute poverty is up .
So is unemployment .
The Kenyan shilling is overpriced and set to be sharply devalued .
The government cannot meet its budget targets .
Banks and mobile - phone firms enjoyed big profits in 2008 but manufacturing and tourism will dive as the global recession bites .
Kenya 's exports of cut flowers , coffee , tea and fruit may shrink .
If the economy were less grim , the shenanigans of the country 's politicians might be amusing .
Instead , they are making Kenyans feel bitter .
Mr Odinga 's Orange movement has threatened to leave the coalition ; its leaders say it is stuck in a “ marriage without conjugal rights ” .
Then off you go , say the allies of President Kibaki , whose Party of National Unity has the choicest ministries .
Far from giving a lead when he recently held a rare press conference , Mr Kibaki merely took the opportunity to declare that he was no polygamist .
Messrs Odinga and Kibaki have both broken promises to deliver politicians and businessmen who stirred up violence after the elections of 2007 for trial in Kenya or the International Criminal Court in The Hague .
Several detailed reports have named a slew of senior figures on both sides of the political divide .
A growing fear is that the next crisis may see an escalation from machetes to machineguns .
It is by no means certain that Kenya 's fragile political peace can last until the next general and presidential elections , due in 2012 .
Battle brewing over clean - energy delivery grids ENERGY PLAN
WASHINGTON - OCTOBER 1 : ( L - R ) Senate Banking Committee Chairman Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , Sen. Max Baucus ( D - MT ) , Senate Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid ( D - NV ) , Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - NH ) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) participate in a news conference as the financial rescue bill passed in the Senate at the U.S. Capitol October 1 , 2008 in Washington , DC .
The U.S. Senate passed the revised version of the financial rescue plan that failed to pass in the House of Representatives on September 29 .
( Photo by Mark Wilson / Getty Images ) less WASHINGTON - OCTOBER 1 : ( L - R ) Senate Banking Committee Chairman Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) , Sen. Max Baucus ( D - MT ) , Senate Majority Leader Sen. Harry Reid ( D - NV ) , Sen. Judd Gregg ( R - NH ) and Senate Minority Leader ... more Photo : Mark Wilson , Getty Images Photo : Mark Wilson , Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Battle brewing over clean - energy delivery grids 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
President Obama 's vision of a clean energy future of wind farms and solar plants comes with a catch :
It will require thousands of miles of new high - voltage power lines to move the energy from where it 's most abundant , in the California desert or the plains of the Midwest , to power - hungry urban centers .
Obama 's allies in Congress , including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - San Francisco , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , are pushing legislation that would give federal officials new authority to site those lines if states do n't act quickly enough to expand the grid .
The plan is raising concerns among state regulators , who see an intrusion on states ' rights , and property rights advocates , who fear an increased use of eminent domain to build the lines across private lands .
The proposal is dividing environmentalists , who are torn between the need to connect to cleaner energy sources and fears the projects could endanger sensitive species .
The legislation could have far - reaching effects in California , which has vast solar resources , especially in the Mojave Desert .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed an order last fall requiring the state to get 33 percent of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 , adding pressure to expand transmission lines .
Advocates of Reid 's proposal say speed is essential to avoid yearslong delays in building the lines and to get renewable power online quickly to fight global warming .
Some lines will crisscross states - delivering wind energy from North Dakota to Minneapolis and Chicago - which will require cost - sharing and planning that may be difficult without federal help .
" Many states have already begun to adopt innovative policies to move toward more clean , efficient transmission systems , " Pelosi said at an energy summit last month .
" But what we need is a national framework for planning , developing and financing transmission infrastructure . "
Reid , whose home state of Nevada is already seeing a boom in solar projects , has crafted a bill requiring the administration to create " renewable energy zones " in places where wind , solar and geothermal energy is most plentiful .
States would have to devise plans for where to site new transmission corridors and who would pay for them within a year or the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission could step in and draw the lines .
" We can not let 231 state regulators hold up progress , " he said .
" They should be given every opportunity to see if we can work this out through the state regulators .
If that can't be done , I think there are very few alternatives for the American people . "
Problems apparent
But at a hearing on Reid 's proposal last week , before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee , the fault lines over the issue were apparent .
Tony Clark , a top energy regulator in North Dakota and vice president of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners , warned that the proposal could take away state regulators ' ability to protect consumers from large rate increases to pay for a new interstate power line that might do little to benefit them .
" Siting and cost allocation issues are often controversial because , in most situations , someone 's gain comes at someone else 's expense , " Clark said .
Property rights activists also fear federal officials will expand the use of eminent domain to force landowners to accept high - voltage lines on their farms , businesses or backyards .
" We believe that private property owners have every right to say no to transmission lines on their land , " said Sen. John Barrasso , R - Wyo .
Overriding states
Congress , in the 2005 Energy Policy Act , gave FERC the power to override states and designate " National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors , " after the Northeast blackout of 2003 .
But the agency 's authority was challenged recently when the Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Virginia ruled the agency could issue a permit if the state failed to act within a year , but could not overrule a state 's decision .
California officials have been trying to speed up the permitting process for new transmission lines .
But the projects are still highly controversial : San Diego Gas & Electric drew an outcry when it first proposed building a 150 - mile line through California 's largest state park , the Anza - Borrego Desert State Park .
The utility has changed the route , but it is still waiting for final approval from regulators and the plan is likely to face court challenges .
Many locals complain the lines are unsightly and could heighten the risk of wildfires .
Some environmentalists believe a better model is small - scale solar - rooftop projects or small solar plants built near cities - to avoid the need for new power lines .
" We 're asking the wrong question when we ask about siting new transmission for renewables before we ask what can be saved with less consumption , greater efficiency of the current grid and locally distributed energy , " said Ruth Rieman , vice chair of the California Desert Coalition .
A call for better planning
But some of the nation 's biggest environmental groups , including the Sierra Club , the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Wilderness Society , joined the solar and wind industries in signing a recent vision statement that calls for both better planning and accelerated siting of power lines .
" The goal is not to pick places that are going to be controversial , " said Carl Zichella , who oversees transmission issues for the Sierra Club .
" We are all working together to figure out how to get this power to market quickly so it reaches consumers in a time frame that helps us deal with global warming . "
BrightSource Energy , an Oakland developer of solar thermal plants , is trying to limit those conflicts by building near existing transmission lines .
Its first big project , the Ivanpah complex in the Mojave Desert near the California - Nevada border , which would power 250,000 homes , has power lines that run through it .
" There 's going to be an impact " on the environment , said BrightSource spokesman Keely Wachs .
" The question is how you can minimize it . "
Reid said he hopes to bring his transmission plan to the Senate floor this summer as part of a massive energy and climate package that would also include a requirement that states boost their use of renewable energy as well as cap - and - trade legislation to limit greenhouse gas .
It 's a huge gamble - all three bills have major opposition - but it would force lawmakers to cast an up - or - down vote on Obama 's effort to remake the nation 's energy system .
A bill that would allow an out - of - state company to move into Arizona and charge triple - digit interest rates for unsecured loans appears to have new life after being pronounced dead on Monday .
Legislation that would allow financial - services companies to lend up to $ 3,000 with annual interest rates up to 113 percent was defeated by the House Banking and Insurance Committee earlier this week .
Bill sponsor Andy Biggs , R - Gilbert , said at the time that the bill was dead .
But Biggs , chairman of the Transportation Committee , has scheduled the same legislation to be heard during a 9 a.m. hearing today in his committee .
The bill , proposed the past four years , is being pushed by San Antonio - based Brundage Management , which oversees 220 loan offices in nine states under the name Sun Loan Co. Calls to Brundage were not returned Wednesday .
The most recent move comes as payday - loan companies , which are competitors of Sun Loan , could go out of business next year when their licensing expires .
Voters in November , by an overwhelming margin , rejected a ballot measure pushed by payday - loan companies that would have allowed them to stay in business indefinitely and charge annual interest rates of 391 percent .
Biggs , who could not be reached Wednesday , has said there will be a need for consumers to get unsecured loans if payday lenders go out of business .
He plans to use House Bill 2071 , which originally had to do with traffic - photo systems and defensive - driving schools , as the vehicle to move the short - term loan interest bill through the Republican - controlled Legislature .
Legislators are able to do this through a so - called strike - everything amendment , which replaces language in an original bill and is commonly used in the Arizona Legislature to get difficult legislation passed .
Kelly Griffith , outreach director for Arizonans for Responsible Lending , said the legislation would create more " predatory lending " and give an out - of - state company a " special deal . "
The legislation would allow Brundage or other companies to exceed the 36 percent annual interest rate cap for loans .
Currently , payday - loan companies are exempt from that limit .
Reach the reporter at craig.harris@arizonarepublic.com .
4th January 2009 , 08:01 pm
An earlier post introduced functional future values , which are values that cannot be known until the future , but can be manipulated in the present .
That post presented a simple denotational semantics of future values as time / value pairs .
With a little care in the definition of Time ( using the Max monoid ) , the instances of Functor , Applicative , Monad are all derived automatically .
A follow - up post gave an implementation of Future values via multi threading .
Unfortunately , that implementation did not necessarily satisfy the semantics , because it allowed the nondeterminism of thread scheduling to leak through .
Although the implementation is usually correct , I was n’t satisfied .
After a while , I hit upon an idea that really tickled me .
My original simple semantics could indeed serve as a correct and workable implementation if I used a subtler form of time that could reveal partial information .
Implementing this subtler form of time turned out to be quite tricky , and was my original motivation for the unamb operator described in the paper Push - pull functional reactive programming and the post Functional concurrency with unambiguous choice .
It took me several days of doodling , pacing outside , and talking to myself before the idea for unamb broke through .
Like many of my favorite ideas , it ’s simple and obvious in retrospect : to remove the ambiguity of nondeterministic choice ( as in the amb operator ) , restrict its use to values that are equal when non-bottom .
Whenever we have two different methods of answering the same question ( or possibly failing ) , we can use unamb to try them both .
Failures ( errors or non-termination ) are no problem in this context .
A more powerful variation on unamb is the least upper bound operator lub , as described in Merging partial values .
I ’ve been having trouble with the unamb implementation .
When two ( compatible ) computations race , the loser gets killed so as to free up cycles that are no longer needed .
My first few implementations , however , did not recursively terminate other threads spawned in service of abandoned computations ( from nested use of unamb ) .
I raised this problem in Smarter termination for thread racing , which suggested some better definitions .
In the course of several helpful reader comments , some problems with my definitions were addressed , particularly in regard to blocking and unblocking exceptions .
None of these definitions so far has done the trick reliably , and now it looks like there is a bug in the GHC run -time system .
I hope the bug ( if there is one ) will be fixed soon , because I ’m seeing more & more how unamb and lub can make functional programming even more modular ( just as laziness does , as explained by John Hughes in Why Functional Programming Matters ) .
I started playing with future values and unambiguous choice as a way to implement Reactive , a library for functional reactive programming ( FRP ) .
( See Reactive values from the future and Push - pull functional reactive programming . )
Over the last few days , I ’ve given some thought to ways to implement future values without unambiguous choice .
This post describes one such alternative .
Edits :
2010 - 08 - 25 : Replaced references to Simply efficient functional reactivity with Push - pull functional reactive programming .
The latter paper supercedes the former .
2010 - 08 - 25 : Fixed the unFuture field of FutureG to be TryFuture .
Futures , presently
The current Future type is just a time and a value , wrapped in a a newtype :
newtype FutureG t a = Future ( Time t , a ) deriving ( Functor , Applicative , Monad )
Where the Time type is defined via the Max monoid .
The derived instances have exactly the intended meaning for futures , as explained in the post Future values and the paper Push - pull functional reactive programming .
The “ G ” in the name FutureG refers to generalized over time types .
Note that Future is parameterized over both time and value .
Originally , I intended this definition as a denotational semantics of future values , but I realized that it could be a workable implementation with a lazy enough t .
In particular , the times have to reveal lower bounds and allow comparisons before they ’re fully known .
Warren Burton explored an applicable notion in the 1980s , which he called “ improving values ” , having a concurrent implementation but deterministic functional semantics .
( See the paper Encapsulating nondeterminacy in an abstract data type with deterministic semantics or the paper Indeterminate behavior with determinate semantics in parallel programs .
I have n’t found a freely - available online copy of either . )
I adapted Warren ’s idea and gave it an implementation via unamb .
Another operation finds the earlier of two futures .
This operation has an identity and is associative , so I wrapped it up as a Monoid instance :
instance ( Ord t , Bounded t ) => Monoid ( FutureG t a ) where mempty = Future ( maxBound , undefined ) Future ( s , a ) `mappend` Future ( t , b ) = Future ( s `min` t , if s <= t then a else b )
This mappend definition could be written more simply :
u@( Future ( t , _ ) ) `mappend` u'@ ( Future ( t ' , _ ) ) = if t <= t' then u else u '
However , the less simple version has more potential for laziness .
The time type might allow yielding partial information about a minimum before both of its arguments are fully known , which is the case with improving values .
Futures as functions
The Reactive library uses futures to define and implement reactivity , i.e. , behaviors specified piecewise .
Simplifying away the notion of events for now ,
until :: BehaviorG t a -> FutureG t ( BehaviorG t a ) ->
BehaviorG t a
The semantics ( but not implementation ) of BehaviorG is given by
at :: BehaviorG t a -> ( t -> a )
The semantics of until :
( b `until` Future ( t ' , b' ) ) `at` t = b'' `at` t where b'' = if t <= t' then b else b'
FRP ( multi- occurrence ) events are then built on top of future values , and reactivity on top of until .
The semantics of until shows what information we need from futures : given a time t , we need to know whether t is later than the future ’s time and , if so , what the future ’s value is .
For other purposes , we ’ll also want to know the future ’s time , but again , only once we ’re past that time .
We might , therefore , represent futures as a function that gives exactly this information .
I ’ll call this function representation “ function futures ” and use the prefix “ S ” to distinguish the original “ simple ” futures from these function futures .
type TryFuture t a = Time t -> Maybe ( S.FutureG t a ) tryFuture :: F. FutureG t a ->
Try Future t a
Given a probe time , tryFuture gives Nothing if the time is before or at the future ’s time , or Just u otherwise , where u is the simple future .
We could represent F.FutureG simply as TryFuture :
type F.FutureG = TryFuture -- first try
But then we’d be stuck with the Functor and Applicative instances for functions instead of futures .
Adding a newtype fixes that problem :
newtype FutureG t a = Future { unFuture :: Try Future t a } -- second try
With this representation we can easily construct and try out function futures :
future :: TryFuture t a ->
FutureG t a future = Future tryFuture :: FutureG t a ->
TryFuture t a tryFuture = unFuture
I like to define helpers for working inside representations :
inFuture :: ( TryFuture t a -> Try Future t' a ' ) -> ( FutureG t a -> FutureG t' a ' ) inFuture2 :: ( TryFuture t a -> Try Future t' a ' -> Try Future t'' a '' ) -> ( FutureG t a -> FutureG t' a' -> FutureG t'' a'' )
The definitions of these helpers are very simple with the ideas from Prettier functions for wrapping and wrapping and a lovely notation from Matt Hellige ’s Pointless fun .
inFuture = unFuture ~> Future inFuture2 = unFuture ~> inFuture ( ~ > ) :: ( a' -> a ) -> ( b -> b' ) -> (( a -> b ) -> ( a ' -> b ' ) ) g ~> h = result h .
argument g
These helpers make for some easy definitions in the style of Semantic editor combinators :
instance Functor ( FutureG t ) where fmap = inFuture.fmap.fmap.fmap instance ( Bounded t , Ord t ) =>
Applicative ( FutureG t ) where pure = Future .
pure.pure.pure ( <*>) = ( inFuture2.liftA2.liftA2 ) ( <*>)
Type composition
These Functor and Applicative instances ( for FutureG t ) may look mysterious , but they have a common and inevitable form .
Every type whose representation is the ( semantic and representational ) composition of three functors has this style of Functor instance , and similarly for Applicative .
Instead of repeating this common pattern , let ’s make the type composition explicit , using Control .
Compose from the TypeCompose library :
type FutureG t = ( ->) ( Time t ) :. Maybe :.
S.FutureG t -- actual definition
Now we can throw out inFuture , inFuture2 , ( ~ > ) , and the Functor and Applicative instances .
These instances follow from the general instances for type composition .
Monoid
The Monoid instance could also come automatically from type composition :
instance Monoid ( g ( f a ) ) => Monoid ( ( g :. f ) a ) where { mempty =
O mempty ; mappend = in O2 mappend }
The O here is just the newtype constructor for ( :. ) , and the inO2 function is similar to inFuture2 above .
However , there is another often - useful Monoid instance :
-- standard Monoid instance for Applicative applied to Monoid instance ( Applicative ( g :. f ) , Monoid a ) => Monoid ( ( g :. f ) a ) where { mempty = pure mempty ; mappend = lift A2 mappend }
Because these two instances “ overlap ” are are both useful , neither one is declared in the general case .
Instead , specialized instances are declared where needed , e.g. ,
instance ( Ord t , Bounded t ) => Monoid ( FutureG t a ) where mempty = ( O . O ) mempty -- or future mempty mappend = ( inO2.inO2 ) mappend
How does the Monoid instance work ?
Start with mempty .
Expanding :
mempty == {- definition -} O ( O mempty ) == {- mempty on functions -} O ( O ( const mempty ) ) == {- mempty on Maybe -} O ( O ( const Nothing ) )
So , given any probe time , the empty ( never - occurring ) future says that it does not occur before the probe time .
Next , mappend :
O ( O f ) `mappend` O ( O f ' ) == {- mappend on FutureG -} O ( O ( f `mappend` f ' ) ) == {- mappend on functions -} O ( O ( t -> f t `mappend` f' t ) ) == {- mappend on Maybe -} O ( O ( t -> f t `mappendMb` f' t ) ) where Nothing `mappendMb` mb ' = mb ' mb `mappendMb` Nothing = mb Just u `mappend Mb` Just u' = Just ( u `mappend` u' )
The mappend in this last line is on simple futures , as defined above , examining the ( now known ) times and choosing the earlier future .
Previously , I took special care in that mappend definition to enable min to produce information before knowing whether t <= t' .
However , with this new approach to futures , I expect to use simple ( flat ) times , so it could instead be
u@( Future ( s , _ ) ) `mappend` u'@ ( Future ( s ' , _ ) ) = if s <= s' then u else u '
or
u `mappend` u' = if futTime u <= futTime u' then u else u' futTime ( Future ( t , _ ) ) = t
or just
mappend = minBy futTime
How does mappend work on function futures ?
Given a test time t , if both future times are at least t , then the combined future ’s time is at least t ( yielding Nothing ) .
If either future is before t and the other is n’t , then the combined future is the same as the one before t .
If both futures are before t , then the combined future is the earlier one .
Exactly the desired semantics !
Relating function futures and simple futures
The function - based representation of futures relates closely to the simple representation .
Let ’s make this relationship explcit by defining mappings between them :
sToF :: Ord t => S.FutureG t a -> F.
FutureG t a fToS :: Ord t => F.FutureG t a -> S. FutureG t a
The first one is easy :
sToF u@( S. Future ( t , _ ) ) = future ( t ' -> if t' <= t then Nothing else Just u )
The reverse mapping , fToS , is trickier and is only defined on the image ( codomain ) of sToF .
I think it can be defined mathematically but not computationally .
There are two cases : either the function always returns Nothing , or there is at least one t for which it returns a Just .
If the former , then the simple future is mempty , which is S. Future ( maxBound , undefined ) .
If the latter , then there is only one such Just , and the simple future is the one in that Just .
Together , ( sToF , fToS ) form a projection - embedding pair .
We wo n’t really have to implement or invoke these functions .
Instead , they serve to further specify the type F.FutureG and the correctness of operations on it .
The representation of F.FutureG as given allows many values that do not correspond to futures .
To eliminate these representations , require an invariant that a function future must be the result of applying sToF to some simple future .
We ’ll require that each operation preserves this invariant .
However , let ’s prove something stronger , namely that operations on on F.
FutureG correspond precisely to the same operations on S. FutureG , via sToF .
In other words , sToF preserves the shape of the operations on futures .
For type classes , these correspondences are the type class morphisms .
For instance , sToF is a Monoid morphism :
sToF mempty == mempty sToF ( u `mappend` u' ) == sToF u `mappend` sToF u '
Caching futures
This function representation eliminates the need for tricky times ( using improving values and unamb ) , but it loses the caching benefit that lazy functional programming affords to non-function representations .
Now let ’s reclaim that benefit .
The trick is to exploit the restriction that every function future must be ( semantically ) the image of a simple future under sToF .
Examining the definition of sToF , we can deduce the following monotonicity properties of ( legitimate ) function futures :
If the probe function yields Nothing for some t' , then it yields Nothing for earlier times .
for some , then it yields for earlier times .
If the probe function yields Just u for some t' , then it yields Just u for all later times .
We can exploit these monotonicity properties by caching information as we learn it .
Caching of this sort is what distinguishes call - by - need from call - by - name and allows lazy evaluation to work efficiently for data representations .
Specifically , let ’s save a best - known lower bound for the future time and the simple future when known .
Since the lower bound may get modified a few times , I ’ll use a SampleVar ( thread - safe rewritable variable ) .
The simple future will be discovered only once , so I ’ll use an IVar .
I ’ll keep the function - future for probing when the cached information is not sufficient to answer a query .
Prefix this caching version with a “ C ” , to distinguish it from function futures ( “ F ” ) and the simple futures ( “ S ” ) :
data C.FutureG t a = Future ( SampleVar t) ( IVar ( S.FutureG t a ) ) ( F.FutureG t a )
Either the simple future or the function future will be useful , so we could replace the second two fields with a single one :
data C.FutureG t a = Future ( SampleVar t) ( MVar ( Either ( F.FutureG t a ) ( FF. FutureG t a ) ) )
We ’ll have to be careful about multiple independent discoveries of the same simple future , which would correspond to multiple writes IVar with the same value .
( I imagine there are related mechanics in the GHC RTS for two threads evaluating the same thunk that would be helpful to understand . )
I guess I could use a SampleVar and just not worry about multiple writes , since they ’d be equivalent .
For now , use the IVar version .
The caching representation relates to the function representation by means of two functions :
dToF :: Ord t => C. FutureG t a -> F.
FutureG t a fToD :: Bounded t => F.FutureG t a -> C. FutureG t a
The implementation
dToF ( C. Future tv uv uf ) = F. Future $ t' -> unsafePerformIO $ do mb <- tryReadIVar uv case mb of j@( Just ( S. Future ( Max t , _ ) ) ) -> return ( if t ' <= t then Nothing else j ) Nothing -> do tlo <- readSampleVar tv if t' <= tlo then return Nothing else do let mb ' = F.unFuture uf t' writeIVarMaybe uv mb ' return mb ' --
Perhaps write to an IVar writeIVarMaybe :: IVar a -> Maybe a -> IO ( ) writeIVarMaybe v = maybe ( return ( ) ) ( writeIVar v ) fToD uf = unsafePerformIO $ do tv <- newSampleVar t0 uv <- newIVar writeIVarMaybe uv ( F.unFuture uf t0 ) return ( Future tv uv uf ) where t0 = minBound
It ’ll be handy to delegate operations to F. Future :
inF :: ( Ord t , Bounded t' ) => ( F.FutureG t a -> F. FutureG t' a ' ) -> ( FutureG t a -> FutureG t' a ' ) inF = dToF ~> fToD in F2 :: ( Ord t , Bounded t' , Ord t' , Bounded t'' ) =>
( F.FutureG t a -> F. FutureG t' a' -> F. FutureG t'' a '' ) -> ( FutureG t a -> FutureG t' a' -> FutureG t'' a '' ) in F2 = dToF ~> inF
Then
instance ( Ord t , Bounded t ) => Monoid ( FutureG t a ) where mempty = fToD mempty mappend = in F2 mappend instance ( Ord t , Bounded t ) => Functor ( FutureG t ) where fmap = inF . fmap instance ( Ord t , Bounded t ) => Applicative ( FutureG t ) where pure = fToD . pure ( <*>) = in F2 ( <*>)
Wrap-up
Well , that ’s the idea .
I ’ve gotten as far as type - checking the code in this post , but I have n’t yet tried running it .
What interests me most above is the use of unsafePerformIO here while preserving referential transparency , thanks to the invariant on F. FutureG ( and the consequent monotonicity property ) .
The heart of lazy evaluation of pure functional programs is just such an update , replacing a thunk with its weak head normal form ( whnf ) .
What general principles can we construct that allow us to use efficient , destructive updating and still have referential transparency ?
The important thing above seems to be the careful definition of an abstract interface such that the effect of state updates is semantically invisible through the interface .
An earlier post introduced functional future values , which are values that cannot be known until the future , but can be manipulated in the present .
That post presented a simple denotational ...
--
Tesla announced in September the intention to build an assembly plant to manufacture our four - door , five - passenger , all - electric sedan .
The site was an 89 - acre vacant lot in San Jose on Zanker Road , known as a " greenfield " site because there has never been construction on it .
However , we reconsidered the San Jose site for a variety of environmental and financial reasons .
A primary reason was that the US Department of Energy is awarding low - interest loans to automakers who develop " brownfield " sites ( in other words , sites that used to be factories or plants but have been abandoned , mothballed or shut down ) .
Tesla is applying for a roughly $ 250 million federal low - interest loan that would finance a 500,000 - square - foot assembly plant to build the sedan .
Tesla does not want to jeopardize our low - interest loan application , and we believe that building from scratch on a greenfield site would put us at a competitive disadvantage against other automakers and suppliers competing for the $ 25 billion in low - interest federal loans .
We are in late - stage negotiations with another site to build our sedan , known as the Model S . We will likely have an announcement about the site soon .
Tesla is still on track to begin production of the Model S in 2011 ; there will be no delay because of the move away from Zanker Road .
In fact , one of the reasons that Tesla reconsidered the site was because it was not the most cost - effective and expedient means of getting the Model S to market .
We still plan to unveil the Model S to the media and public in March in Hawthorne , Calif. , where Tesla 's design studio is located .
As for the question of the $ 100 million venture financing round , Tesla announced in October that the company would not try to close that round ; the terms were unfavorable and dillutive .
Instead , the company announced a $ 40 million internal financing round in November that is expected to take the company to profitability sometime in the middle of 2009 .
A few eyebrows raised recently when game director Hajime Tabata was reported as saying that the last half of Final Fantasy 15 would be linear - a contrast to the open world stuff that 's been shown off so far .
Now it looks like that might not strictly be true .
Much of the idea of what he said before still applies : that the game needs to be more constrained in the later stages - but speaking to IGN he described the move from open to linear as " very close to the end of the game " .
He mentions the change occurs " when the main character and the enemy are going against one another , " and that it creates a build up in the story .
That makes it sound a lot like we 're moving into finale territory when things close off .
The change over will apparently happen after a specific point : " After [ a ] train sequence , it kind of episodically goes through the story and takes it up to the end , " explains Tabata .
He also says that after that point the only way you 'll be able to go back to the open world is via then menu .
Otherwise , " you wo n’t be able to physically go back and forth between those two areas , " he clarifies .
Seen something newsworthy ?
Tell us !
COWEN PORTRAITS
HOAX : THE ARTIST responsible for the nude portraits of the Taoiseach which were found hanging in two Dublin art galleries was questioned under caution by gardaí on Tuesday night .
Thirty - five - year - old Dubliner Conor Casby voluntarily accompanied investigators to Pearse Street Garda station .
While a file is being prepared for the DPP , it is not thought likely that any charges will be brought .
In a statement issued yesterday , Mr Casby confirmed he had painted the pictures and said they were intended to be an anonymous and non-profit comment on the use of modern media “ rather than an attempt to use the media to comment ” .
He said that he wished to bring the project to an end “ by offering the portraits to the highest bidder and donat[ing ] the proceeds to charity ” .
The Garda investigation has established that Mr Casby has painted similar nudes of other high - profile politicians , including Bertie Ahern and Michael McDowell .
On Tuesday , a Garda detective visited the offices of Today FM looking for all e-mails and phone messages which had been sent to the Ray D’Arcy Showby the artist .
RTÉ apologised for a television news report concerning the nude portraits of Mr Cowen .
It said it had received a number of complaints about the item on Monday ’s Nine O’Clock News , including one from the Taoiseach ’s office .
The report did not run on subsequent television bulletins and was taken down from the RTÉ website .
Yesterday , Today FM presenter Ray D’Arcy said the show ’s producer , Will Hanafin , had spoken to a garda who had told him “ the powers that be want action taken ” .
Mr Hanafin said he was told gardaí wanted the name and contact details of the artist so they could caution him .
The detective said the artist was being investigated in connection with three charges : incitement to hatred , indecency , and criminal damage for hammering a nail into a wall of the National Gallery .
When Mr Hanafin declined to pass the contact information on , he was told a warrant would have to be sought to get access to the show ’s e-mails .
The paintings of Mr Cowen appeared in the Royal Hibernian Academy ( RHA ) gallery and the National Gallery almost three weeks ago .
He was shown holding his underpants in one painting and a toilet roll in the other .
A researcher on the Today FM show has been in phone and e-mail contact with the artist since the middle of January .
Earlier this week , the artist confirmed to the show that the paintings were his , but denied hanging them in the galleries .
Mr Hanafin told The Irish Timeshe was “ totally shocked ” to be confronted by a garda .
He said in “ no circumstances could this be considered an appropriate use of Garda resources .
It seems to me that the powers that be have lost their sense of humour . ”
Fine Gael justice spokesman Charlie Flanagan criticised the Garda move .
“ At a time when the majority of gangland murders remain unsolved , to have gardaí spending their time investigating what amounted to a practical joke that offended the Taoiseach ’s ego is a scandalous waste of resources , ” he said .
“ Today FM has clearly come under pressure to hand over e-mails about this matter , while RTÉ News has obviously been browbeaten into a grovelling apology .
The way this matter has been handled is more reminiscent of Russia in the 1930s than Ireland in 2009 , ” said Mr Flanagan .
The Garda press office said it had no information on any contacts with the Ray D’Arcy Show .
In a statement read on Tuesday ’s Nine O’Clock News , the national broadcaster apologised “ for any personal offence caused to Mr Cowen or his family and for any disrespect shown to the office of the Taoiseach ” .
Blogs have been hopping with news of the controversy .
Most web -users condemned what they described as the censorship of RTÉ and expressed amazement at the broadcaster ’s apology .
The much - vaunted boost to UK trade from the devalued pound has yet to materialise , according to the latest official figures .
Despite a 25 per cent slide in the value of sterling since mid-2007 , the UK 's trade deficit widened by more than expected in January as exports to non-European Union countries fell sharply .
The deficit in goods and services grew to £ 3.6bn , from a shortfall of £ 3.2bn in December .
The deficit in goods , at £ 7.7bn , is up by £ 500 m on the previous month .
The depressed trade figures echo similar performances in Germany and Japan , suggesting that the global decline in demand and trade – down about 10 per cent in recent months , according to the IMF – is dragging down every major trading nation .
The drift to protectionism evident in some advanced and emerging eco-nomies also promises to slow trade .
The Chancellor , Alistair Darling , warned yesterday : " In our globalised econ-omy , a pound spent in Beijing or Bremen is a job saved in Bradford or Birmingham .
This is what the G20 presidency is about . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Darling called again for an increase in the IMF 's funds to help poorer nations : " We can start to build that consensus by recognising that our common interest need not contradict a country 's self - interest – in fact , it can complement it .
And it 's all part of rebuilding confidence . "
Confidence in the UK 's capacity to export will not be bolstered by the latest data , however .
Exports of traded goods fell by 4 per cent in January , compared with December , the fourth successive decline .
Traded goods exports were down by 9.3 per cent on a quarterly basis .
The EU provided a ready market for cheaper British goods : exports to EU countries rose by 5.9 per cent in January alone .
But this was outweighed by a 15.9 per cent plunge in exports to non-EU countries .
Exports to the US fell by 8.5 per cent , or £ 1bn , in January .
The deficit with the EU narrowed markedly – to £ 2bn in January , down from £ 2.9bn in December .
Meanwhile , imports of traded goods fell by 1 per cent on the month , marking a sixth successive decline and consistent with markedly contracting domestic demand .
Howard Archer , UK economist at Global Insight , said : " While sterling 's sharp depreciation has yet to fully feed through to boost exports , it seems highly likely that they will continue to be held back over the coming months by contracting demand in key markets .
February 's survey evidence from both the CBI and the manufacturing purchasing managers [ index ] indicated sharply falling export orders . "
However , other economists painted a more optimistic picture , a perverse result of the UK 's relatively poor trading performance .
Colin Ellis of Daiwa Securities explained : " If exports and imports both fell by the same proportion over the year as a whole – say 10 per cent – the trade deficit in the UK would shrink , providing some support to GDP .
Yet if exactly the same thing happened in Germany or Japan , trade would detract significantly from GDP , because they were running surpluses prior to the downturn .
That is a key reason why the decline in UK GDP this year may not be as large as in some other industrialised countries . "
The ONS noted an especially disappointing UK export performance in capital goods , and that imports of consumer goods , apart from cars , had continued to rise .
The dangers to international trade were also highlighted by the US Treasury Secretary , Timothy Geithner , yesterday .
Flanked by President Barack Obama and speaking before the meeting of G20 finance ministers to be hosted by Mr Darling at the weekend , Mr Geithner said : " Until just a few months ago , exports were actually one of the areas where we were still getting some lift in the economy .
That has now gone away .
It 's now banished because purchasing power in many of these other countries , as well as credit in these other countries , has contracted .
So we 've got to spend some time thinking about how we 're going to strengthen them . "
The US Congress recently insisted on " Buy American " clauses in President Obama 's $ 787bn ( £ 567bn ) economic stimulus package .
The President added that he is " optimistic about the pros-pects " for the G20 summit , which begins at 10 Downing Street on 2 April .
Hillary Clinton criticised Israel 's plans to demolish dozens of homes in Arab East Jerusalem today , during a joint news conference with the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas .
The US secretary of state said the move was a violation of Israel 's international obligations , and the US would raise the matter with the country 's leaders .
" Clearly this kind of activity is unhelpful and not in keeping with the obligations entered into under the ' road map ' , " she said , referring to the long - stalled peace plan .
" It is an issue that we intend to raise with the government of Israel and the government at the municipal level in Jerusalem . "
Clinton made the comments during her first trip to the Palestinian territories in her new role .
In Jerusalem yesterday , she said the creation of an independent Palestinian state was now " inescapable " .
However , Palestinian leaders say the continued expansion of Jewish settlements across East Jerusalem and the West Bank make it increasingly difficult for that state to be established .
" The main point is that the Israeli government needs to accept the two - state solution and ... stop settlement expansion , " Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said .
Although Abbas has held peace talks with Israeli leaders since late 2007 , he has little to show for it .
On Monday , the Israeli group Peace Now reported that the Israeli housing ministry was planning to build at least 73,000 housing units in West Bank settlements .
The organisation said 15,000 units had already been approved and another 58,000 were awaiting approval .
Almost 500,000 settlers now live in east Jerusalem and the West Bank .
All settlements are illegal under international law .
The Palestinians will ask Clinton to put pressure on Israel to open its crossings into Gaza to allow in materials for rebuilding after the recent offensive .
" We want the US to help us open the passages to get material for reconstruction into Gaza , " Erekat said .
Reports in the Israeli press today said that , in a meeting yesterday , Clinton had pressed the Israeli defence minister , Ehud Barak , to allow more aid into Gaza .
Clinton said the US would send two senior officials to Syria for " preliminary conversations " , an apparent sign of a new softening of US policy .
US officials said Jeffrey Feltman , the state department 's leading Middle East diplomat , would travel to Damascus along with Dan Shapiro , of the White House 's national security council .
Last week , Feltman held talks lasting for almost two hours with the Syrian ambassador to Washington – the highest - level contact between the countries since the start of the Obama government .
Washington recalled its ambassador to Damascus in 2005 after the assassination of the former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq al - Hariri in Beirut .
Obama 's administration has been reviewing its policy towards Syria and is considering whether to send an ambassador again .
At a conference to raise aid for the Palestinians , held in Egypt on Monday , Clinton shook hands and spoke briefly with the Syrian foreign minister , Walid al - Moallem .
Clinton 's announcement came after she met the Israeli foreign minister , Tzipi Livni .
She also met the Israeli president , Shimon Peres , the opposition leader and probable next prime minister , Binyamin Netanyahu , and the current prime minister , Ehud Olmert .
Clinton has said she wants to pursue peace between Israel and the Arab world on " many fronts " , suggesting she might encourage Israel and Syria to talk .
Some Israeli figures believe an agreement with Syria may be easier to achieve than a peace deal with the Palestinians .
However , Netanyahu has appeared to rule out negotiations with Syria by refusing to give up the Golan Heights , which Israel captured in 1967 .
Netanyahu – who is likely to lead a narrow , rightwing government – has also stopped short of endorsing a two - state solution to end the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians , which may put his government at odds with the US administration .
Clinton said a two - state deal was in " Israel 's best interests " .
" The United States will be vigorously engaged in the pursuit of a two - state solution every step of the way , " she said .
" The inevitability of working toward a two - state solution is inescapable . "
Tim Bray ’s article on RESTful Casuistry revisits an odd meme in the REST debates that I ’ve been meaning to discredit for a while .
Some people think that REST suggests not to use POST for updates .
Search my dissertation and you wo n’t find any mention of CRUD or POST .
The only mention of PUT is in regard to HTTP ’s lack of write - back caching .
The main reason for my lack of specificity is because the methods defined by HTTP are part of the Web ’s architecture definition , not the REST architectural style .
Specific method definitions ( aside from the retrieval : resource duality of GET ) simply do n’t matter to the REST architectural style , so it is difficult to have a style discussion about them .
The only thing REST requires of methods is that they be uniformly defined for all resources ( i.e. , so that intermediaries do n’t have to know the resource type in order to understand the meaning of the request ) .
As long as the method is being used according to its own definition , REST does n’t have much to say about it .
For example , it is n’t RESTful to use GET to perform unsafe operations because that would violate the definition of the GET method in HTTP , which would in turn mislead intermediaries and spiders .
It is n’t RESTful to use POST for information retrieval when that information corresponds to a potential resource , because that usage prevents safe reusability and the network - effect of having a URI .
But why should n’t you use POST to perform an update ?
Hypertext can tell the client which method to use when the action being taken is unsafe .
PUT is necessary when there is no hypertext telling the client what to do , but lacking hypertext is n’t particularly RESTful .
POST only becomes an issue when it is used in a situation for which some other method is ideally suited : e.g. , retrieval of information that should be a representation of some resource ( GET ) , complete replacement of a representation ( PUT ) , or any of the other standardized methods that tell intermediaries something more valuable than “ this may change something . ”
The other methods are more valuable to intermediaries because they say something about how failures can be automatically handled and how intermediate caches can optimize their behavior .
POST does not have those characteristics , but that does n’t mean we can live without it .
POST serves many useful purposes in HTTP , including the general purpose of “ this action is n’t worth standardizing . ”
I think the anti-POST meme got started because of all the arguments against tunneling other protocols via HTTP ’s POST ( e.g. , SOAP , RSS , IPP , etc. ) .
Somewhere along the line people started equating the REST arguments of “ do n’t violate HTTP ’s method definitions ” and “ always use GET for retrieval because that forces the resource to have a URI ” with the paper tiger of “ POST is bad . ”
Please , let ’s move on .
We do n’t need to use PUT for every state change in HTTP .
REST has never said that we should .
What matters is that every important resource have a URI , therein allowing representations of that resource to be obtained using GET .
If the deployment state is an important resource , then I would expect it to have states for undeployed , deployment requested , deployed , and undeployment requested .
The advantage of those states is that other clients looking at the resource at the same time would be properly informed , which is just good design for UI feedback .
However , I doubt that Tim ’s application would consider that an important resource on its own , since the deployment state in isolation ( separate from the thing being deployed ) is not a very interesting or reusable resource .
Personally , I would just use POST for that button .
The API can compensate for the use of POST by responding with the statement that the client should refresh its representation of the larger resource state .
In other words , I would return a 303 response that redirected back to the VM status , so that the client would know that the state has changed .
I 'm in favor of legalizing it [ marijuana ] , but I suppose it would n't do that much to stimulate the economy ( I still do n't think it would hurt ) [ " Obama : Marijuana Legalization Not Good for the Economy , " usnews.com ] .
What Obama implicitly did today was basically say " I do n't favor legalizing marijuana . "
He chose to do this .
He was n't put on the spot .
He could have just ignored it , which would have angered some pro-legalization people , but not as much as bringing it up and laughing at them .
He could have easily said " I do n't think it 's going to do much to stimulate the economy , but it might be worth doing for other reasons . "
This would have been my second favorite answer .
Is he just trying to score points with the stuffy straight crowd that think he 's too liberal ?
I noticed a lot of the reporters in the room clapped .
Very frustrating , the whole thing .
Comment by Ken of NY
Obama has only been in office a little over 60 days .
I am guessing that he is just going to let this one sit for a while .
He is already making great movements toward lessening the penalty for " nonviolent " criminals — a step in the right direction .
But legalizing marijuana is a very polarizing issue and going into office after only 60 days and promoting legalizing what many , many people think of as a dangerous drug would be idiotic .
Give him some time folks .
Comment by Aubrey of WA
This really upset me .
There are tons of nonviolent marijuana offenders locked up in prison at [ a cost of ] $ 35,000 an inmate per year , in prisons that are overcrowded and experiencing increasing violence because there is n't enough space to house criminals .
The marijuana offenders have to be shuffled through law enforcement , the court system , and prisons at great costs .
In quipping that he does n't know about the online community who ventured to ask that question , he insulted a lot of good Americans that came to the Town Hall Q&A and in trust put forth their earnest questions .
His derisive rebuke was offensive .
Comment by Allison of CA
It 's political positioning .
He does n't want to be seen as soft on crime or irresponsible .
It is not yet politically safe for a national politician to be for legalizing marijuana because a critical mass of public opinion is not there yet .
Comment by Tim of NY
People need to express this disappointment in a place where he might see , hear it so that he knows it was considered insensitive to those who are for either medicinal or outright legalization .
Funny , alcohol and cigarettes are lethal / destructive in ways that marijuana cannot touch , yet people are fine with those being legal .
' It Was n't My Time ' : Teen Escapes Death Twice
After a car accident , teen was the only survivor when the rescue chopper crashed
Feb. 27 , 2009  -- Jordan Wells , a college freshman from Waldorf , Md. , was home for a weekend reunion in September when her life changed forever .
She survived a car accident , only to be involved in a medevac helicopter crash on the way to the hospital that killed everyone else on board .
" I woke up in the woods and it was dark and it took a second to realize what happened , " she told " 20/20 . "
" And I was just in a lot of pain and I was cold .
And then I realized the helicopter had crashed .
And I was all alone , not knowing if anyone was going to save me .
I was definitely in pain , because I had bones sticking out everywhere . "
" I was really scared , " she said .
" So I started yelling for help .
I was thinking , 'am I going to die out here or is someone going to find me ? ' "
Jordan Wells and her best friend Ashley Younger were part of a tight - knit group of kids living in Waldorf .
Jordan Wells , 18 , was a swimmer and Ashley Younger , 17 , was into dancing .
" Jordan was the one who always kept us together , " her friend Joanna Potts said .
" She was always making plans and always had an idea .
Like every weekend she would always want to do something .
[ Jordan ] was like the glue to our group . "
And Ashley Younger , " she was really funny , easy to talk to , " friend Kevin Holmes said .
" I was always laughing with her ... never a dull moment .
She was like a sister to me . "
On Saturday , Sept. 27 , 2008 , Ashley Younger told her mother she was going to meet Jordan Wells at a carnival .
" And then she said they were going to the mall , " Stephanie Younger said .
" And from there , she called me .
She said , ' Well ma , I think I 'll be home in a little while . ' "
Jordan Wells was behind the wheel of her car at 11 p.m. , driving on slippery roads .
" I was driving and it was raining really , really hard that night , " she said .
" I do n't remember how fast I was going , but I sure was saying to Ashley , I was like , ' I 'm about to lose control . '
And so before I knew it , it was going across the median and it was like bump , bump , bump , and we hit a tree . "
Within minutes of the crash , police and ambulances arrived at the scene .
" As we came around the curve , we saw the accident , " said Lou Ramer , an emergency medical technician who was one of the first to arrive .
" We saw the cars on the opposite side of the road , the haze , the smoke .
And I could hear a lot of yelling from the two female voices .
There was a lot of hysterics there .
They were yelling and screaming . "
Bill Rudolph , another medical technician , began helping the two girls .
Ashley Younger complained that her head and chest hurt but Jordan Wells , who was also in pain , seemed more worried about the damage to her father 's car .
Helicopter Rescue Turns to Tragedy
Jordan
Wells wanted to tell her parents about the crash but in the confusion , she lost her cell phone .
Her parents , Scott and Lynn Wells , had no idea their daughter had been in a car accident .
" She was n't home yet , so I started texting her and never got a response , " Lynn Wells said .
" I kept on trying until about 2 in the morning , never heard anything .
So at that point , I just went to bed . "
Scott Wells said he thought his daughter was just out late .
" We knew who she was with , " he said .
" And so I would n't say we were overly concerned at that point . "
Ashley Younger reached her mother on her cell phone .
" I said , 'oh Lord , are you OK ? '
And she said , ' My chest is hurting , ' " Stephanie Younger said .
" So we jumped in the car and the accident was maybe three , not even three , four minutes from my house .
And that 's when we saw Ashley and Jordan in the car . "
Paramedics were trying to get the girls out of the car and determine the extent of their injuries .
Stephanie Younger said a paramedic told her that they were n't sure how serious her daughter 's injuries were and that the girls would be taken to the hospital in a medevac helicopter .
Paramedic Michael Lippy and medical technician Tanya Mallard frantically treated their injuries while trying to keep the girls calm .
Pilot Stephen Bunker received weather information from air traffic control .
Just before liftoff , Stephanie Younger consoled her daughter one last time .
" She was just crying and I kissed her .
She was just nervous , and I said , ' you 're going to be fine , sweetie .
We 'll be there waiting on you , ' " she said .
" And she kind of calmed down . "
At 11:45 p.m. , the helicopter took off for the 25 - mile flight to the emergency room at Prince George 's County Hospital .
But almost from the moment of liftoff , Bunker knew he was in trouble .
It was raining much harder than he'd been told and there was a dense fog .
Jordan Wells began to panic again .
" I remember taking off , " she said .
" I remember flying .
I remember kind of looking out the window , seeing a building .
I remember feeling the helicopter trying to land .
But he said he could n't land because it was raining too much .
And he said , 'we 're going to turn around and take you to southern Maryland . '
And I think I remember us hitting the first tree and that 's when my face hit the side of the helicopter .
...
And that 's when I blacked out . "
The chopper , with the pilot , the medical technicians and the girls on board , crashed into the woods a few miles from Andrews Air Force Base .
It smashed into thousands of pieces , the wreckage strewn through the forest .
Jordan
Wells woke up in the woods , cold , in pain and alone .
' We Prayed for Her '
At the hospital , Stephanie Younger was waiting for her daughter to arrive in the helicopter , but emergency personnel began to worry when it disappeared from radar .
Technician Rudolph said , " I kept saying little prayers , like it 's going to be all right , it 's going to be all right . "
After midnight , dozens of rescue workers begin combing the thick woods surrounding Andrews Air Force Base .
For two excruciating hours , Jordan Wells lay helplessly on the ground shivering , surrounded by debris , soaked in fuel .
" Did anyone else survive ? " she said she asked herself as she drifted in and out of consciousness .
" I could hear someone looking for me , and they were running for me , and I like saw them come to me , and I just felt relief , " she said .
" Felt like God answered my prayer . "
Jordan Wells was rushed by ambulance to the hospital , where Stephanie Younger had just learned about the crash .
" We overheard someone say that the helicopter crashed , " she said .
" And the only person [ who ] came in was Jordan .
And to hear it like that , it was , you know , it was still hard to believe [ Ashley Younger ] was gone . "
At 4 . a.m. , the Wells received a phone call informing them of the accident .
" We went to the emergency room and I knew something different was up because the head doctor was right there , and he 's saying things like , ' you know , your daughter was the sole survivor of a helicopter crash , ' " Scott Wells said .
Dirt and helicopter fragments were embedded deep into Jordan Wells ' body .
Her cheekbone , nose , eye socket and shoulder blade were broken , and five disks along her spine were dislodged .
Her legs were completely shattered , a bloody mangle of muscle , bone and skin .
" We just put our hands on her and prayed for her , " Scott Wells said .
After several hours of surgery , Jordan Wells was transferred to the Baltimore Shock Trauma Center .
For 10 days , doctors operated to put her back together .
Heavily sedated , she was unaware of the desperate measures to save her legs .
When she woke up , the first thing she did was apologize to her father for crashing the car .
" And I 'm like , I do n't care about that car , " Scott Wells said .
" But it was just so good to hear her talk again . "
The doctors fought to contain the infection in Jordan Wells ' right leg , but it was a losing battle .
" I remember waking up in the morning in the hospital and seeing my pinkie toe was gone and then my next toe was gone , " she said .
" Every time I went into surgery they took a little piece off my foot .
[ And ] my doctor told me how it was going to be if I kept it and it would be infected .
And he told me the best thing to do is to amputate . "
' It Was n't My Time to Leave Yet '
As her sedatives wore off , she not only confronted the fate of her leg but she also began asking about her friend Ashley Younger .
" The same day they told me they had to get my leg amputated , was the same day my dad told me that Ashley had died , " she said .
Jordan Wells was the only survivor of the helicopter crash , and two months and 20 operations after the crash , she left the trauma center .
When she finally came home , it was " fantastic " for her parents .
" Her friends arranged a reception for her , " Scott Wells said .
" They were sitting in front of the house with a banner , screaming and yelling and videotaping and just welcoming her home . "
Now home , Jordan Wells requires around - the - clock care .
A parade of visitors and friends are always around , lending a hand ... and a laugh .
But her recovery has been slow and painful ; she is almost totally dependent on her parents .
" I think it 's pretty tough because my mom has to stay by my side for everything , " Jordan Wells said .
" So she does like everything for me . "
Three weeks ago , she attended a National Transportation Safety Board hearing in Washington investigating her crash and others involving medevac helicopters .
Preliminary findings suggest that the emergency chopper should have stayed on the ground that stormy night .
Air traffic controllers , the report says , were " casual and sloppy , " relaying a misleading weather report to the pilot that sent him straight into thick , blinding fog .
For families of the dead , questions linger about why the girls were airlifted instead of sent by ambulance to the hospital .
Questions , of course , that will never bring back Ashley Younger .
" Even now I think about her , I just see her smiling ... just always full of laughs and joy and she loved people , " Stephanie Younger said .
" We were always together , always .
She was my best friend as well as my daughter .
She just feels like a hole in my heart . "
Scott Wells said , " Jordan told me not long ago , she said , losing Ashley hurts more than all the physical pain .
And she cries sometimes uncontrollably over this , over the loss of her friend , Ashley . "
Added Lynn Wells : " She says her heart hurts . "
Her parents say she often wakes up with nightmares , reliving the night of the crash .
But she is trying to put her life back together .
Two days ago , to a rousing reception , she visited her high school .
She said she knows how lucky she is to be alive .
" I guess everyone keeps telling me that God has a purpose for me , " she said .
" That it was n't my time to leave yet . "
Three pastors of a nondenominational church in Randolph used members ' donations and proceeds from selling the $ 5 million church building to buy a $ 1.6 million mansion in Mendham Township , a $ 450,000 schooner in Jersey City and life - coaching classes , state officials said today .
Eric Simons , the pastor of Church Alive , also paid himself an annual salary of between $ 70,000 and $ 90,000 , state officials said .
Simons , his wife and the church 's associate pastor , Marianne Simons , and assistant pastor Philip DuPlessis , also gave themselves a total of $ 150,000 in honorariums for personal use , officials said .
" It pretty clearly shows you that greed was at play , " state Division of Consumer Affairs director David Szuchman said today at a press conference in front of the Mendham home .
In a settlement reached with the state , the Simonses and DuPlessis will pay back $ 2.5 million to the congregation and nearly $ 61,000 to the state to reimburse it for the cost of the investigation .
They also must immediately resign as church board members , Szuchman said .
They still serve as church pastors .
State officials additionally assigned a fiscal monitor to take control of the church 's finances and have referred fraud allegations about the three pastors to the Morris County Prosecutor 's Office .
Robert Bianchi , the county prosecutor , said his office would consider charges .
Half a dozen of the church 's 75 members attended today 's press conference and were glad the state had reached a settlement with the pastors .
They said they had donated the money for church improvements and to aid the poor .
All three pastors , they said , should be charged with crimes .
" What breaks my heart is that children were going to bed with no food , and he would live in a house like this , " said Maria Palumbo of Wharton , who was a member of the church for 13 years , and in that time , donated $ 90,000 .
" If I had known that this was what my money was going toward , I would n't have given a dime . "
In addition to the reimbursements , the settlement requires the church to appoint a new board within 30 days , Szuchman said .
The board will determine any sales prospects for the Mendham mansion , where the Simonses still reside .
DuPlessis must turn over the title and registration of the schooner , where he and his wife , Sharon , live , to the church .
Sharon DuPlessis was an assistant pastor at the church , but she is not part of the settlement , state officials said .
The church 's board also must hire a financial adviser to examine the books to uncover what happened to the rest of the $ 5 million from the sale of the church building at 791 Route 10 East , officials said .
Philip DuPlessis said he and the Simonses did nothing wrong .
" We believe it's an injustice , " DuPlessis said about the settlement .
" We 've been good stewards of our finances , and we have every penny accounted for . "
DuPlessis said they were " forced " to sell the church building because they were unable to pay the $ 10,000 - per- month mortgage .
From the sale of the church , DuPlessis said , " there were some proceeds in which we invested . "
One of the investments was the " parsonage " in Mendham , at which he said youth , women 's and prayer groups , as well as ministry , are held several times a week .
DuPlessis said he " never " used church funds for personal use , " besides obvious compensation and salary . "
The schooner , he said , was a " leadership development platform " used by inner-city youth .
" We are passionate about personal life transformation of leaders , " DuPlessis said .
In a statement , Simons said , " What these people meant for our destruction , God utilized it for our good in strengthening our church , galvanizing the members and creating the landing strip for a better and brighter future . "
The investigation into the church 's funds began in May 2008 after church members realized the pastors had bought the Mendham home and the schooner , said Jeff Lamm , a state consumer affairs spokesman .
The three pastors , who had come to the congregation in 1999 , had disbanded the church 's board , giving themselves full control of church funds , officials said .
State officials are uncertain how much money was donated into the building fund , but they said most of the donations were made by seven couples and one individual .
The state investigation revealed Marianne Simons , a Realtor for Weichert , put the church building on the market and took a commission on the $ 5 million sale in May 2008 .
The building was owned by the not - for - profit Church Alive Inc. , state officials said .
The DuPlessises rented out the sailboat to corporations as part of Philip DuPlessis ' for - profit business at Liberty Landing Marina in Jersey City , state officials and church members said .
Simons also spent about $ 40,000 on life - coaching classes and a life - coaching license he uses to operate his for - profit life - coaching business .
Church Alive holds the license , officials said .
Bible Church International continues to lease space to Church Alive for its Sunday worship services , said Larry Biondo , a chief investigator at consumer affairs .
Those services are still lead by Eric Simons and Philip DuPlessis .
" Our roles as pastors is a God - given calling , and the state attorney general cannot take that away from us , " DuPlessis said .
Information on the charitable organizations are available at state .
nj.us/lps/ca/charity/chardir.htm , as well as through The Star - Ledger 's Helping Hands blog .
Consumers also can call the Charitable Registration Hotline at 973-504-6215 .
Religious organizations must comply with state laws governing charities and nonprofit corporation , but do not have to register .
1 Cathie Jung : World ’s Smallest Waist – 15 inches
Honestly , no Photoshop .
Cathie Jung ’s tiny waist measures just 15 in ( 38 cm ) , making her figure distinctly hourglass .
The Queen of Corsets , as she has aptly named herself , has worn tight - fitting corsets for years to get there , and appears in the body parts section of the Guinness Book of World Records 2007 .
Whilst she currently holds the record for the smallest waist on a living person , the record for the smallest waist ever goes to Ethel Granger who had a wasit of just 13 ″ .
2 Svetlana Pankratova : World ’s Longest Legs –more than 4 feet long
Russian woman Svetlana Pankratova has , according to Guinness World Records , the longest legs of any woman in the world .
While she is not the world ’s tallest woman , her legs are 132 centimetres ( 4 ft 4 in ) long .
Because her upper body is of much more typical dimensions , she is 196 centimetres ( 6 ft 5 in ) tall .
She has also very large feet , size 13 ( US ) / 46 ( EU ) , making shopping for shoes difficult .
From 1992 to 1995 , Pankratova played women ’s basketball in the USA , and on 2008 she appeared in Trafalgar Square in London on September 16 , 2008 with He Pingping , the smallest man in the world , to promote the 2009 edition of the Guinness World Records .
3 Vivian Wheeler : World ’s Longest Female Beard – 11 inches
With the longest hair in her beard measuring 11 inches – 27.9 cm. , Vivian Wheeler of Illinois is blessed with having the longest beard for a female .
Her father insisted she start shaving at the age of 7 , but since 1993 Vivian Wheeler has not , letting her beard grow .
4 Lui Hua : World ’s Largest Hand –his left thumb is 10.2 inches long
Chinese man Lui Hua suffers from a rare condition known as macrodactyly .
When he was hospitalized in Shanghai on July 2007 , his left thumb measured 10.2 inches and his index finger measured close to 12 .
On July 20 surgeons undertook a seven - hour operation to reduce the size of Liu ’s fingers and thumb .
Doctors removed 11 pounds of flesh and bone in the procedure .
A second surgery is scheduled to take place .
5 Annika Irmler : World ’s Longest Female Tongue – 2.7 inches
German schoolgirl Annika Irmler has licked her way into the Guinness Book of Records with her whopping seven centimetre tongue .
The twelve - year - old from Tangstedt , near Hamburg , can lick the ice cream from the bottom of a cornet – while her friends have to use their fingers .
6 Lee Redmond : World ’s Longest Fingernails –until she lost them on a car crash
Lee Redmond , a woman from Utah who has not cut her nails since 1979 , had grown and carefully manicured them to reach a total length of 8.65 m ( 28 ft 4.5 in ) , and was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the world ’s longest fingernails .
Sadly , on February , 2009 , she lost them in a car crash
7 Radhakant Baijpai : World ’s Longest Ear Hair –almost than 10 inches long
Indian grocer Radhakant Baijpai certainly has a goal in life : make sure that he has the longest ear hair in the world .
Radhakant was crowned the official Guinness world record holder for the longest ear hair back in 2003 , when his aural fronds were an already - impressive 13.2 cm long .
But that did n’t stop him pursuing his goal of ever - longer hair on his ears .
After several more years of carefully cultivating and caring for the ear - hair , Radhakant ’s tufts now stretch an astonishing 25 cm .
He is now waiting for Guinness adjudicators to confirm that he has set a new high , hairy bar for his chosen field .
8 Mehmet Ozyurek : World ’s Longest Nose – 4.5 inches
Mehmet Ozyurek , born in Turkey in 1949 , has been confirmed as having the world ’s longest nose .
His nose measured 4.5 inches ( 8.8 cm ) when it was last measured on July 06 , 2007 .
He currently lives in Artvin , Turkey .
9 Devendra Harne and Pranamya Menaria : Most Fingers and Toes – 25
Along with Pranamya Menaria , Devendra
Harne shares the title of the person with the most Most Fingers and Toes , they are both indian and have 25 in total ( 12 fingers and 13 toes ) as a result of the condition polydactylism .
10 Frank Ames : World ’s Longest Eyebrow Hair – 3.7 inches long
Frank Ames of Saranac in New York earned his place in the Guinness Book of World Records with a pair of bushy brows measuring 9.6 cm .
He decided to go for the title on 2003 , only to discover it did n’t exist .
After calling officials , he set up and claimed the hairy new record .
” I do n’t know why it grows like that , it just always has , ” he told reporters .
This guest post was written by Mary Jaksch , the author of Goodlife ZEN .
Do you feel like life is accelerating ?
Maybe you look back at the last five years and wonder where time went .
It may even feel as if all that ’s left is stress – without moments of joy and peace .
I must admit , I also feel like this sometimes .
But when I do , I reach for the miracle cure .
This miracle cure does n’t come in a bottle .
We ca n ’t buy it .
We already have the cure for stress within us .
I ’m talking about the miracle of ‘ Now ’ .
It ’s quite amazing .
When we enter the ‘ Now ’ and become present – even just for a moment – stress dissolves .
How can we become present ?
Awareness is the key to becoming present .
We often confuse awareness with concentration , but these two mind - states are very different .
Concentration is like a narrow beam of light shining on a task .
Awareness is the soft , full light of attention .
The word ‘ attend ’ implies that there is tenderness at work … that we are seeing with our heart .
Attention means paying tender regard to the beasts and birds , neighbors , coffee cups and pencil sharpeners .
When we pay tender regard to the dishes , even dish - washing becomes a joy .
Toni Packer , a contemporary meditation master says :
Attention comes from nowhere .
It has no cause .
It belongs to no-one .
When it functions effortlessly , there is no duality .
What she ’s saying is that when we ’re attending to the present moment , we lose the sharp distinction between the self locked in this skin-bag , and the world outside .
When we attend in this way , we feel the world open .
And we make friends with our body .
Suddenly we become fully aware of the tenseness in our shoulders , the little bubble of hope in our mind , or the haze of sadness in our heart .
And with this awareness we find that people are friendlier and cats purr louder .
Paying tender regard is simple , but not easy .
We need to stay steady in the face of our changing moods and the stimuli bombarding our senses .
What ’s the connection with stress ?
When we are stressed , our mind is split .
One part is firmly focused on whatever is pressing in upon us , while the other part is giving minimal attention to whatever tasks need to be done quickly in the meantime .
Let me give you an example .
Imagine that you are late for work and you are rushing around your home in preparation to leave .
If a loved one starts telling you something important about what they are going to do today , how much of your attention is going to be focused on what they are telling you ?
Not much , I would think .
When we become present , we stop being preoccupied .
In the space that opens for a moment , we can breathe deeply and listen deeply .
For a moment , stress slips off our shoulders .
And we can learn to have more and more moments of peacefulness in our life .
A student of mine wrote :
Each moment is a new opportunity .
The next one is as fresh and full of promise as the thousand before that you missed , and it is completely empty of any judgment whatsoever .
Nothing is carried over that you take with you .
You do n’t have to pass a good - person exam before you enter , it is totally unconditional .
It ’s as if it is saying …
“ Okay , so you missed me the last ten thousand moments , but look !
Here I am again … and again … and again ! ”
And you are welcomed with open arms .
Here ’s how to take the miracle medicine :
There is a very simple way to become present .
And the great thing is that the more you practice it , the easier it becomes .
You can try it right now .
Inhale deeply through your nose and exhale slowly through your mouth .
Listen to the sounds around you and feel the ground under your feet .
As soon as you are present , gently touch your thumb and forefinger together on each hand .
This light touch is the trigger that can help you access the present moment , and escape stress .
Whenever you feel stressed , stop for a moment , take one deep breath , and touch your thumbs and forefingers together .
Mary Jaksch is an author , Zen Master , and psychotherapist .
Enjoy reading her posts on Goodlife ZEN and follow her on Twitter .
( CNN ) --
A major humanitarian crisis is unfolding in northern Sri Lanka with 250,000 unprotected civilians trapped in the crossfire between government troops and rebel forces , the Red Cross says .
A civilian , injured during fighting in rebel territory , lies on a bed at a hospital in Vavuniya on January 16 , 2009 .
The International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) has appealed to both sides to facilitate the movement of civilians out of the combat zone which has seen intensified fighting .
" People are being caught in the crossfire , hospitals and ambulances have been hit by shelling and several aid workers have been injured while evacuating the wounded , " Jacques de Maio , ICRC head of operations for South Asia in Geneva said in a statement on the ICRC Web site . "
The violence is preventing the ICRC from operating in the region .
In the capital , Colombo , Indian foreign affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee huddled Wednesday with Sri Lankan President Mahindra Rajapaksa on the potential humanitarian crisis .
" The Sri Lankan government has reassured that they would respect the safe zones and minimize the effects of conflict on Tamil civilians , " Mukherjee said .
His discussions with Rajapaksa also envisioned a post- civil war Sri Lanka .
" We will work together with the government of Sri Lanka to enable all Sri Lankans , and particularly the Tamil community who have borne the brunt of the effects of the conflict , to lead normal lives as soon as possible , " Mukherjee said .
But for now , the ICRC says hundreds of patients are in need of emergency treatment and evacuation to Vavuniya Hospital in the government - controlled area and has urged that humanitarian assistance be unhampered in the Vanni region .
" When the dust settles , we may see countless victims and a terrible humanitarian situation , unless civilians are protected and international humanitarian law is respected in all circumstances , " Maio said .
" It 's high time to take decisive action and stop further bloodshed because time is running out . "
Meanwhile , U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon has also called for the safety of civilians as humanitarian groups try to provide aid to people trapped in the region .
" The secretary - general is deeply concerned about the safety and well - being of civilians caught in intensified fighting in the Vanni region of Sri Lanka , " a spokesman for Ban said in a statement Monday .
Ban called on the government and the separatist Tamil Tigers to respect " no - fire zones " and civilians areas , including schools , hospitals and humanitarian posts .
He also asked both sides to allow civilians trapped in the fighting to move to " safe areas . "
Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold in a surprise attack Sunday , even as humanitarian agencies feared for the safety of civilians .
Watch a report on the recent fighting »
" It 's an incredibly serious situation , " James Elder , a U.N. spokesman , said Monday .
" We have a very large number of people , including tens of thousands of children , trapped in a fast - shrinking conflict zone . "
Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government - run news agency .
" Our troops fought their way through a 40 km ( 25 mile ) thick jungle track , " Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address Sunday .
" This is the long - awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years , " the Sri Lanka Army chief said .
There has been no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken .
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 .
The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead .
The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there , according to the government .
In recent days , the military has said it has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds .
Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula .
It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years .
The recapture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies .
Previously , it was done by air and sea .
" The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally , " Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India , C.R Jayasinghe , told CNN .
" They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had . "
All About Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam • Sri Lanka • Ban Ki-moon • United Nations
Google wants to help folks use less power by empowering them with real time information about their energy usage .
[ Remix of a Creative Commons photo by John Wilson ]
There ’s a famous quote from Lord Kelvin : “ If you cannot measure it , you can not improve it . ”
When it comes to lowering your energy consumption , Google says , “ You CAN measure it , you CAN improve it . ”
Folks who monitor their home energy usage are , on average , able to reduce their consumption by 5 - 15 % .
That adds up !
For every six households that save the median amount of energy through monitoring , it ’s the equivalent of taking one car off the road .
Imagine if , instead of just six , there were millions of households !
That ’s Google ’s plan .
The California - based company wants to empower folks to save energy by giving them the tools to monitor their power consumption .
They ’re developing the Google PowerMeter which will work as a secure , real - time gadget on your Google homepage .
The widget will give updates on energy usage , allowing you to see where and when your energy use is greatest , so you can lower consumption .
Even better : they ’re planning to make it totally free .
Google started out with a small pilot program and are planning to eventually roll out the PowerMeter for everyone .
The tool requires that your home have a smart energy meter , which they say that over 40 million homes will have within the next three years thanks to the government stimulus package ( pdf ) .
You can read some quotes from users in the PowerMeter pilot program on their demo page .
This one , from one of their software engineers , struck me as the most impressive :
I do n’t own a toaster and because I live by myself , I ’ve always used my standard electric oven to toast bread .
After seeing the power spikes from my sunday breakfasts , I did a little research on the power required to toast bread using a toaster compared to an electric oven and found that toasting bread in an oven uses 33 times as much energy as a typical toaster !
With this savings , I realized that I would save money ( not to mention time ) by buying a toaster .
It really shows what a big difference you can make with such a tiny change .
Read more about Google ’s PowerMeter on Clean Technica !
Along with former Federal Reserve Board chairman Alan Greenspan , Rubin and Summers compose the high priesthood of the bubble economy .
Their policy of one - sided financial deregulation is responsible for the current economic catastrophe .
-- Dean Baker
I led with a quote from Dean Baker because he has credibility -- he saw the housing bubble for what it was in 2002 -- but it 's hardly a controversial pronouncement .
Any fair reading of recent history supports Baker 's claim : Greenspan , Rubin , and Rubin 's protege Summers deregulated banks and opposed efforts to regulate them -- actions that led directly to the financial crisis .
In addition to deregulation , the other tenets of the Church of Rubinism , like the Washington Consensus , have been discredited .
But the story of Rubinsism is n't just about a discredited ideology ; it 's also about conflict of interest , corruption , and corporate incest .
And the story is ongoing .
Obama chose as his top economic advisors Summers and Tim Geithner , a protege of both Summers and Rubin whose fingerprints are also all over the crisis .
That Obama did so -- and did so with little opposition -- shows the power that Wall Street sholds within the Democratic Party .
We may finally be waking up to Wall Street 's corrosive impact on our party , but what Robert Kuttner wrote two years ago still holds true :
A mark of Wall Street 's ubiquitous power in defining the limits of the politically thinkable is that its power is hardly noticed .
The personification of this power is Robert Rubin .
Given Bill Clinton 's desire to move the party to the center , it was perhaps inevitable that he would align himself with Rubin .
But he did n't officially team up with him during his first run for president .
Indeed , during his campaign he struck populist notes and took positions that could n't have thrilled Rubin .
It was only after his winning campaign that he and Rubin joined forces .
It was in the two and a half months between winning the 1992 election and being sworn into office that Bill Clinton did a U - turn on the economy .
He had campaigned promising to revise NAFTA , adding labor and environmental provisions and to invest in social programs .
But two weeks before his inauguration , he met with then - Goldman Sachs chief Robert Rubin , who convinced him of the urgency of embracing austerity and more liberalization .
Rubin told PBS , " President Clinton actually made the decision before he stepped into the Oval Office , during the transition , on what was a dramatic change in economic policy . "
One of Clinton 's goals was to end the GOP 's longtime fund - raising dominance on Wall Street .
The mere presence of Rubin in his administration was enough to impress Wall Street , and his policies were a surefire way to get corporate cash flowing into Democratic campaign coffers .
Rubin became assistant to the president for economic policy , then Treasury Secretary .
From those perches he pursued his patented form of neoliberalism , a shaky stool whose legs were deregulation of markets , budget austerity , and especially trade .
He convinced Clinton to move on NAFTA before he moved on health care , but the notorious NAFTA was only part of Rubin 's effort to " liberalize " trade :
Mr. Rubin pushed developing countries to open their markets to foreign competition while privatizing state - dominated economies .
This approach eventually became known as the Washington consensus and gained deep traction in Latin America , East Asia and Eastern Europe , regions where Citigroup later aggressively pursued new business .
Rubin was unabashed in pushing policies that enriched his once and future employers :
Rubin tends to get a free pass on actions that , in lesser men , would be seen as plain conflicts of interest .
For example , Goldman Sachs , which Rubin left to join Clinton , was a prime underwriter of Mexican bonds both before and immediately after the passage of NAFTA , as Faux points out in his book , The Global Class War .
Goldman was also the investment bank that underwrote the privatization of the Mexican national phone company , Telmex , in the late 80s .
After NAFTA created a gold rush of foreign money into Mexico , enriching Goldman Sachs and its clients and triggering an unsustainable speculative boom followed by a crash , Rubin promoted the bailout of Mexico that made foreign bondholders whole .
A little - noticed provision of NAFTA permitted foreign banks to acquire Mexican ones .
In 2001 , Rubin , back in the private sector , negotiated Citigroup 's $ 12.5 billion acquisition of Mexico 's leading bank , Banamex .
Rubin 's actions that most directly led to our current crisis were those involving regulation , or lack thereof .
It was during Rubin 's tenure that people were sounding the alarms about the dangers posed by derivatives .
Rubin -- along with his deputy Summers and Greenspan - - opposed the effort to regulate them .
The most important challenge was that posed by derivatives .
In 1998 the head of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , Brooksley Born , had called for such regulation — a concern that took on urgency after the Fed , in that same year , engineered the bailout of Long - Term Capital Management , a hedge fund whose trillion - dollar - plus failure threatened global financial markets .
But Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin , his deputy , Larry Summers , and Greenspan were adamant — and successful — in their opposition .
Nothing was done .
Rubin is known for his charm , self - deprecation , and mellow temperament -- traits often credited for his success .
But the effort to regulate derivatives aroused his anger .
At an April 21 , 1998 , meeting with Brooksley Born , the chairwoman of the commodities commission , Mr. Rubin made no secret of his feelings about her proposal .
“ It was controlled anger .
He was very tough , ” Mr. Greenberger recalls .
“ I was at several meetings with him , and I ’ve never seen him like that before or after . "
Rubin had many critics at the time and has even more now .
It 's hard to find a progressive economist or even a left - leaning one who praises Rubin 's trade policies , which hurt workers in the US and in developing countries .
And his fetish for balanced budgets came at the expense of social programs .
Joe Stiglitz , who chaired Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisors , says Rubin pushed deficit reduction " too far . "
Stiglitz went on to wish , with hindsight , that instead of devoting tax revenues to deficit reduction , " Clinton had used the additional funds to finance more investments in R&D , technology , infrastructure and education .
& GDP in the year 2000 would have been higher , and the economy 's growth potential would have been stronger . "
The economic growth under Clinton , said Stiglitz , was due primarily to " the technological innovations -- the computer revolution -- and the process of globalization , changes in the economy that were proceeding before Clinton took office . "
Dean Baker concurs , pointing out that it was massive consumption driven by the dot - com boom - bubble that led to economic growth :
Rather than investment driving growth during the Clinton boom , the main source of demand growth was consumption .
Consumption soared during the Clinton years because the stock market bubble created $ 10tn of wealth .
Stockholders consumed based on their bubble wealth , pushing the saving rate to record lows , and the consumption share of GDP to a record high .
The growth under Clinton - Rubin was unsustainable because it rested on not just the dot - com bubble but also on Rubin 's high - dollar policy , which in the short term led to cheap imports and low inflation .
But , in addition to killing manufacturing jobs by putting downward pressure on wages , it contributed to a massive trade deficit , which in turn led to a decline in the value of the dollar .
Baker :
Rather than handing George Bush a booming economy , Clinton handed over an economy that was propelled by an unsustainable stock bubble and distorted by a hugely over - valued dollar .
But whatever the causes , the nineties economy grew , and a guru was born .
When he retired midway through Clinton 's second term , the president called Rubin the greatest Treasury Secretary since Alexander Hamilton .
He handed off the position to his protege Larry Summers , who picked up where Rubin left off .
A long - time target of Rubin's was the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 , which limited the kind of conflict - of - interest - tainted speculation that had contributed to the Great Depression .
The law prevented speculative investment banks from joining with government - supervised and - insured commercial banks .
Over the years regulatory exceptions had weakened Glass - Steagall , but the Financial Services Modernization
Act killed it .
The bill was concocted by Summers and Greenpsan .
In his book , " The Age of Turbulence , " Greenspan describes this " unsung moment of policymaking . "
As it happened , October 14th was the day slated for Larry and me to have our weekly breakfast .
We looked at each other and said , " We have to settle this thing . " ... After an hour or two we divided the pie .
Treasury and the Fed came together on a single bill , and up it went to Capitol Hill , where it passed .
Historians view the Financial Services Modernization
Act as a milestone of business legislation , and I 'll always remember it as an unsung moment of policymaking for which there ought to be a little song .
Summers 's and Greenspan 's bill was known in known in some circles as the " Citigroup Authorization Act " because it served so beautifully the interests of Sandy Weill 's emerging behemoth .
When Congress passed the bill in November 1999 , Citigroup had recently announced a new hire .
Rubin had stepped down as treasury secretary that July .
His new job , announced in late October , was chairman of Citi 's executive committee .
Rubin 's initial annual compensation was around $ 40 million .
Fast forward some nine years to 2008 .
Plagued by scandal , Larry Summers was no longer president of Harvard , a job he'd gotten with the help of Rubin , one of only seven members of the Harvard Corporation .
Summer had spent much of his post - Harvard life working for an elite hedge fund .
Citigroup , meanwhile , was on the brink of collapse .
Citigroup ’s stock has plummeted to its lowest price in more than a decade , closing Friday at $ 3.77 .
At that price the company is worth just $ 20.5 billion , down from $ 244 billion two years ago .
Waves of layoffs have accompanied that slide , with about 75,000 jobs already gone or set to disappear from a work force that numbered about 375,000 a year ago .
Rubin , a wise old man of the party , had n't been much in the news in the intervening years , although he'd made news in 2001 when he tried to get an official at Treasury to convince bond - rating agencies not to downgrade the corporate debt of the infamous Enron , a debtor of Citigroup .
The controversy would 've harmed a lesser figure , but Rubin made it through unscathed .
Also he made period pronouncements .
Early in 2008 , for example , as the housing bubble burst and threatened the financial system , he claimed that there was , in fact , no crisis but rather a cyclical " periodic disruption " that followed " periodic excess . "
He did find a scapegoat , however , the uneducated electorate :
And the economic problems that he did acknowledge were blamed on just about everyone but the major U.S. financial players .
Rubin said part of the problem is that we need a " more educated electorate " to hold politicians accountable .
Now attention focused on Rubin 's role in wrecking Citigroup .
During his tenure shareholders had endured losses of more than seventy percent .
A devastating piece in the Times revealed what it called Rubin's " pivotal role " alongside CE Charles Prince in causing " the bank ’s current woes , by drafting and blessing a strategy that involved taking greater trading risks to expand its business and reap higher profits . "
The story quotes a former Citigroup exec who says it was Rubin , not Prince , primarily responsible for Citibank 's intense focus on the now - notorious collateralized debt obligations , or C.D.O. ’s , bundles of mortgages and other forms of debt that were resold to investors .
( AIG 's use of C.D.O. 's helped to bring it down . )
“ Chuck Prince going down to the corporate investment bank in late 2002 was the start of that process , ” a former Citigroup executive said of the bank ’s big C.D.O. push .
“ Chuck was totally new to the job .
He did n’t know a C.D.O. from a grocery list , so he looked for someone for advice and support .
That person was Rubin .
And Rubin had always been an advocate of being more aggressive in the capital markets arena .
He would say , ‘ You have to take more risk if you want to earn more . ’ "
Federal regulators decided in the fall to give Citi $ 306 billion in loans and securities and a direct investment of about $ 20 billion .
Rubin -- who recently resigned from Citigroup after " earning " well over $ 100 million there -- has denied he contributed in any way to Citi 's downfall .
He 's clearly fighting to preserve his reputation , which should 've been soiled long ago .
You might be familiar with another person who played a role in Citibank 's downfall and subsequent gobbling up of taxpayer money : Rubin 's protege Tim Geithner .
Geithner 's tenure at the New York Fed – which bore the major responsibility for supervising Citigroup – covers a tumultuous span in which the sprawling conglomerate spiraled from the country 's biggest banking company to one of its largest welfare cases .
Now under much closer government supervision – after a $ 52 billion rescue – Citigroup appears headed for dismantling amid a leadership shuffle that included last week 's announced departure of former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin as senior counselor and director .
So to review : Rubin protege Summers wrote a law that benefited Rubin 's company and Rubin protege Geithner supervised Rubin 's company ( looked the other way ) as it expanded and made risky moves that eventually brought about the government bailout of the company .
In his job at the New York Fed , Geithner made what the New York Times called " cataclysmic " decisionsthat exacerbated the financial crisis -- experience that in the anti-meritocracy known as the United States qualified him for the most important position in Obama 's cabinet .
As president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Mr. Geithner was a key decision maker last September when the government let Lehman Brothers fail and then , two days later , bailed out the insurer American International Group for $ 85 billion .
Those decisions proved cataclysmic .
The markets and the economy have yet to recover from Lehman ’s failure .
The bailout of A.I.G. dealt a further blow to the Fed ’s credibility — and , by extension , Mr. Geithner ’s — because it was an abrupt reversal from the no-new - bailouts stance that had applied to Lehman and , initially , to A.I.G .
Together , the decisions showed that several months into the financial crisis , officials lacked the information and the insight to correctly call the shots .
Of the three leading contenders for the Democratic nomination , Hillary Clinton was closest to Rubin and other Rubinites ; John Edwards was farthest from them .
Barack Obama was in the middle , although closer to close - to than far - from .
They played important roles onObama 's campaign :
[ Rubin's ] son , Jamie Rubin , is a major Wall Street fund - raiser for Barack Obama .
His former deputy chief of staff , Karen Kornbluh , is Obama 's chief domestic policy adviser , and Rubin is also close to Obama 's chief of staff , Steve Hildebrand , who used to hold the same position for former Senate Democratic Leader Tom Daschle , another Rubin ally .
Still , there was ambiguity in his relationship to the Wall Street wing of the party .
Yes , he headlined the launch of Rubin 's Hamilton Project , but he used the opportunity to distance himself from the group on trade .
Yes , he got a boatload of money from Wall Street , but he got boatloads of money from small donors as well .
And he struck populist fair - trade notes that surely did n't jibe with Rubinities .
After he'd won the nomination , however , things became clearer .
He expressed regret for his rhetoric in opposition to NAFTA and hired a Rubinite Wal - Mart defender to head up his economic policy shop .
Senator Obama , Democrat of Illinois , hired Jason Furman , a Harvard - trained economist closely associated with Mr. Rubin , a Wall Street insider who served as President Clinton ’s Treasury secretary .
Labor union leaders criticized the move , and said that “ Rubinomics ” focused too much on corporate America and not enough on workers .
Things became even clearer after he won the general election .
It is testament to former Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin ’s star power among many Democrats that as President - elect Barack Obama fills out his economic team , a virtual Rubin constellation is taking shape .
The president - elect ’s choices for his top economic advisers — Timothy F. Geithner as Treasury secretary , Lawrence H. Summers as senior White House economics adviser and Peter R. Orszag as budget director — are past protégés of Mr. Rubin , who held two of those jobs under President Bill Clinton .
Even the headhunters for Mr. Obama have Rubin ties : Michael Froman , Mr. Rubin ’s chief of staff in the Treasury Department who followed him to Citigroup , and James S. Rubin , Mr. Rubin ’s son .
Steve Clemonsput it succinctly :
Obama has essentially brought in the same crowd of people or ideological fellow travelers who helped hatch the Clinton era manic finance fest that the Bush administration made worse .
I can only guess why Obama cast his lot with the Rubinites .
The simplest answer , that he's one of them , does n't comport with his record or with his concerted effort to defy classification .
If anything , he 's presented himself as a Fourth Way Democrat , splitting the difference between Rubinism and progressivism .
Even if he shares their views , you 'd think could 've found neoliberals who had n't helped to create the crisis .
What 's clear , though , is Obama 's decision to align himself with Rubinties was fateful .
They 've made their presence felt , and nothing they 've done is a surprise .
They 're only acting like themselves .
It 's no surprise they 've rejected nationalization on purely ideological grounds .
We have a financial system that is run by private shareholders , managed by private institutions , and we ’d like to do our best to preserve that system .
It 's no surprise that Geithner will try to solve the crisis by using taxpayer money to protect from risk hedge funds and other investors .
It 's no surprise that Geithner believes that insolvent banks are , in fact , sound .
It 's no surprise that his plan is a thinkly disguised version of the plan presented in the fall by Bush Treasury Secretary and former Goldman Sachs exec , Hank Paulson .
It 's no surprise that Geithner hired a former Goldman - Sachs lobbyist to be his chief of staff , a person who in his former position fought effort to rein in executive compensation :
a Washington influence - peddler who worked against Obama 's effort to limit excessive corporate pay is now a key member of the Obama administration team that is supposed to contain excessive compensation in the AIG case and in general .
It 's no surprise that Geithner hired Citigroup 's chief economist .
And it's no surprise that Summmers and Geithner did n't see the moral and political problems inherent in allowing the AIG bonuses to go forward .
You might be thinking that Republicans are conspicuously absent from this mini-history .
That 's because their complicity is well - understood .
We know Wall Street tells them what to do .
We know they have bailout on their hands .
We know they service the rich .
But Dems are supposed to be different .
And Obama is different .
For example , he supports regulatory reforms that a leading Republicans would never support .
But in light of Obama 's toxic investment in Rubinites , the question is whether he 's sufficiently different .
The good news is that Obama , while clearly simpatico with Rubin and his proteges , is n't an ideologue .
It 's hard to believe he would allow them to sink his presidency .
But he needs to throw them -- or at least their ideas -- overboard .
Soon .
This is n't just Obama 's problem , of course .
The Democratic Party wo n't be what it should be until it rejects Rubinism , without condition and without apology .
UPDATE : Commenterdrache takes exception :
meh ( 4+ / 0 -)
I look at it differently and would ask you what would you have Obama do ?
Nationalize the banks ?
HA !
Good luck first getting the support for it and then even more good luck getting it done .
I think you miss the central point to understanding Obama , which is first and foremost he 's a pragmatist .
Which means in effect he 'll do what he thinks needs to be done regardless of whether or not it's his personal ideology .
Frankly I 'd rather have a pragmatist then an idealgoue ( as you seem to be suggesting ) becuase for now I do n't think there 's anything Obama can do that is different .
However I think all criticism of Obama in this matter is short circuited by the fact that Obama supports strong overhaul of the system .
Something no too rubinite would do .
Thus your diary 's conculsion is in error
Okay , one at a time : " what would I have Obama do ? "
I 'd have Obama stop listening to people who caused the crisis and start listening to people who predicted the crisis -- they , almost to a person , advocate some form of nationalization .
" Good luck first getting the support for it "
Why do you think continually bailing out banks will billions of dollars is politically doable but taking control of banks that taxpayer already own is n't ?
Joe Stiglitz says we should not only take control of banks but also make banks pay the government back -- that sounds a helluva lot more politically doable than sending no -string trillions to banks .
But it would require political leadership that takes the case to the people , bypassing a Congress that is beholden to Wall Street .
" I 'd rather have a pragmatist then an idealgoue "
I would , too , which is why it 's so disheartening that Obama is listening to free - market fundamentalists .
Nationalization is the practical approach in that it has a chance of working .
" However I think all criticism of Obama in this matter is short circuited by the fact that Obama supports strong overhaul of the system . "
As I said in the diary : And Obama is different .
For example , he supports regulatory reforms that a leading Republicans would never support .
One final point : this issue -- the Democratic Party 's relationship to Wall Street is much bigger than Obama and the financial crisis .
It 's about what kind of party and country we are .
WASHINGTON 
It was a bookend moment .
President Obama on Monday evening became the 10th American president to call on Helen Thomas at a White House news conference .
And he was the first to call on Sam Stein , a reporter for The Huffington Post , whose Internet publication sprung to life during Mr. Obama ’s candidacy .
For years , Ms. Thomas has held the honorific title as dean of the White House press corps .
At 88 , she has been questioning presidents since John F. Kennedy .
“ All right , Helen , this is my inaugural moment here , ” Mr. Obama said with a grin as he turned toward Ms. Thomas ’s seat in the front row of the East Room .
“ I ’m really excited . ”
Ms. Thomas , now a columnist for Hearst Newspapers , did not return the pleasantry .
She plunged directly into her question , wondering if Pakistan was maintaining safe havens in Afghanistan for “ these so - called terrorists . ”
She added , did any country in the Middle East have nuclear weapons ?
When Coraline moves to an old house , she feels bored and neglected by her parents .
She finds a hidden door with a bricked up passage .
During the night , she crosses the passage and finds a parallel world where everybody has buttons instead of eyes , with caring parents and all her dreams coming true .
When the Other Mother invites Coraline to stay in her world forever , the girl refuses and finds that the alternate reality where she is trapped is only a trick to lure her .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
Israeli scientists and officials reacted angrily yesterday to calls by more than 400 British academics for the Science Museum to cancel educational workshops planned to promote Israeli science tomorrow .
The cancellation call and claims that Israeli universities are " complicit " in the occupation of Palestinian territories and this year 's " disastrous " offensive in Gaza , reported in The Independent yesterday , were condemned as " absurd " by the Israeli Foreign Ministry .
Its spokesman , Yigal Palmor , said : " These calls can not but be motivated by extreme blindness and silly ideology .
This of course does not promote the good causes which the boycotters are presumed to promote – not peace , understanding , nor compromise . "
The British academics , among them 40 professors , include many of those behind the eventually unsuccessful campaign to impose a full - scale boycott of Israeli academics .
The " educational seminars " – in Manchester yesterday and at the Science Museum in London tomorrow – are being run by the UK Zionist Federation .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Yivsam Azgad , a spokesman for Israel 's Weizmann Institute , said : " We do n't believe that science and politics should be combined .
Period . "
Dan Zaslavsky , professor of hydrology at the Technion - Israel Institute in Haifa and one of Israel 's leading energy experts , said : " It 's ugly and it is 100 per cent certain that this will hurt British science in the long run if the largest group do n't stand up and reject this repulsive stance . "
Professor Zaslavsky said academics who thought good would come out of boycotts and protests of this kind were " distorted in their minds " .
Professor Amnon Yogev , a former professor of laser chemistry at the Weizmann Institute , said that " freedom of speech is one of the basic principles of democracy " .
He said that singling out Israel on human rights issues when so much of the Arab world , Iran and Afghanistan had " no human rights " was " an illness " .
He added : " If you look back at history you will see that when they want to stop people communicating their ideas , it starts with the Jews , then goes on to other minorities and then you can't stop it . "
[ Update : recent developments are now available here , including an EDM in parliament and discussion in mainstream media ]
[ Update : links to transcripts and audio hosted elsewhere at bottom of post ]
One more thing , since Stephen Fry excellently tweeted this post to his 8 billion followers ( weirdly he wakes me up every morning )
I ’ve had to activate supercache to prevent the site from dying .
This means your comments will be stored for later but can only appear intermittently , sorry about that , nice to have you , and do look around for the site for more educational moron–baiting entertainment .
LBC have instructed their lawyers to contact me .
Two days ago I posted about a 7th Jan 2009 broadcast in which their presenter Jeni Barnett exemplified some of the most irresponsible , ill - informed , and ignorant anti-vaccination campaigning that I have ever heard on the public airwaves .
This is important because it can cost lives , and you can read about the media ’s MMR hoax here .
To illustrate my grave concerns , I posted the relevant segment about MMR from her show , 44 minutes , which a reader kindly excerpted for me from the rest of the three hour programme .
It is my view that Jeni Barnett torpedoes her reputation in that audio excerpt so effectively that little explanation is needed .
LBC ’s lawyers say that the clip I posted is a clear infringement of their copyright , that I must take it down immediately , that I must inform them when I have done so , and that they “ reserve their rights ” .
To me this raises several problems :
Firstly , I do n’t even know what “ reserving your rights ” means .
They are a large corporation worth around a billion pounds ( genuinely ) , I am some bloke , they have a legal team , I have no money , they are making threats using technical terminology and I actually do n’t understand what those words mean .
Secondly , more importantly , as I have written at length , the media have systematically and irresponsibly misrepresented the evidence on MMR .
It is my view that individuals like Jeni Barnett – but more importantly , organisations like LBC and Global Radio who give them a mouthpiece and a platform – pose a serious danger to public health , with their ignorant outbursts , disseminated to the nation .
This clip was extremely instructive as an example of that recurring theme , and it deserves to be freely accessible and widely discussed .
MMR vaccine uptake has dropped from 93 % to around 75 % , and to below 50 % in London .
Furthermore , the media have shown no sign of recognising and acknolwedging their role , and so it seems likely that they will go on to cause further harm on this but also , more importantly , on many other issues .
I write about all this because I think it is interesting , and extremely important .
But thirdly , there is a question of the basic tools you need to illustrate a point .
The clip I posted was , to my mind , hideous and unremitting : it went on for so long .
In fact it was so long , so unrelenting , and so misinformed that I really could n’t express to you how hideous it was .
If I tried , without the audio , you might think I was exaggerating .
You might think that I was biased , that I was misrepresenting Jeni ’s demeanour and views in this broadcast , that LBC and their parent company Global Audio are living up to the standards of basic responsibility which we might reasonably hold them to , as they shepherd Jeni ’s views and explanations into our cars and kitchens .
You might think that I was quoting Jeni out of context , cherrypicking only the ridiculous moments from an otherwise sensible , proportionate and responsible piece of public rhetoric .
Many of the specifics are discussed in the other post and associated comments ( of varying sobriety as ever ) , but as a further brief illustration which has come to light today , on her website , Jeni Barnett is angry at the response to her broadcase being brought to a wider audience , and she is describing a nurse who rang in to disagree with her as “ vicious ” .
Now , parenthetically , this strikes me as a slightly unkind and inappropriate thing to do as a wealthy public figure , a television and radio presenter , with an industry and ( today we see them ) lawyers behind you , to an individual working in the NHS for the good of the public on a low wage , with no such outlets , and no such resources .
But more than that , I thought the nurse was actually very polite , despite Jeni talking over her , cutting her off , and expressing , as we have already discussed , unhelpful and ignorant views in a rather shrill and irresponsible fashion .
How can I convince you of this , if not with the audio recording ?
You may wonder whether this legal move from LBC and Global Audio was solely about concerns over lost revenue , and infringement of copyright .
That may well be the case .
To be clear : if a listener is very motivated , the whole Jeni Barnett show , like all LBC shows , can be purchased from the company online , if you go through a registration process , give your credit card , and pay £ 4 .
I do not wish to deprive them of money , although I do n’t think I ’m realistically your first port of call if you are a regular LBC listener .
Ultimately it seems to me that the most important outcome of LBC ’s actions will be to prevent an embarrassing , irresponsible and , more than anything , instructive piece of broadcasting from being more widely heard and discussed .
That is a great shame , because episodes like this , and discussions around them , are important for the wider questions of the responsibility of the media , the misrepresentations and misunderstandings of evidence in science and health that they promote , and the impact that has on public health .
It is also concerning to think that it might join that long list of situations where lawyers have been used in a way that has retarded debate on important health issues ( such as , in extremis , this memorable episode when a High Court judge criticised Andrew Wakefield for trying to use libel law to silence his critics ) .
So .
If anybody is a proper media lawyer and is able to offer their services for free , do please contact me .
Without a formal opinion and a guarantee of legal backup that would last for the duration of a case , and financial resources to cover the cost of losing , it seems to me that the only safe way to keep this sorry piece of audio in the public domain is by large numbers of bloggers posting individual brief chunks , and blogging critically about them , using “ fair use dealing ” uncontroversially for brief slices , with me perhaps keeping tabs here of where people have posted these discussions and excerpts , in one reference post .
Now there ’s an idea .
It might also be a useful project for media students as well as bloggers , and will bring google juice and visitors .
If you felt that this was an irresponsible piece of broadcasting , and an inappropriate use of the public bandwidth – which is licensed to companies such as Global Audio as a privilege by the nation – you may wish to complain about Jeni Barnett ’s MMR show of 7th January 2009 to OFCOM .
www.ofcom.org.uk/complain/
Lastly , if they genuinely wish to “ start a debate ” – as the phrase is so commonly used – then I would invite LBC , Jeni Barnett , Global Audio , and their legal team to reconsider , and simply give permission for this clip to be made freely available , in the public domain , in full , as it was broadcast , so that it can be widely heard , understood , and discussed .
The debate here is not about the dangers of MMR , but the dangers of the media .
Update and transcripts +/- audio
14:00 6th Feb .
Running to get on with other stuff ( grrr ) but here is audio , transcripts , and a couple of quick points .
This is not about LBC or Jeni Barnett in general , this is about one perfect , instructive , illustrative example of a whole genre of irresponsible journalism that drove the media ’s anti-vaccine campaign for ten solid years , with serious consequences for public health .
Because of that , I think it is important that this piece of audio can be heard freely , discussed openly , understood , and learnt from .
I genuinely cannot understand the impulse to restrict that .
The audio is being hosted by various places below , and transcripts of the show are available spread around the following sites for the moment .
Let me know if it is legal to post one transcript all in one place and I will do so , clearly I have no idea about copyright .
Thanks to HolfordWatch for gathering these links .
Part 1 . Frank .
Jeni Barnett MMR show – full transcript
scienceblogs.com//2009/02/jeni_barnett_mmr_show_-_full_t.php
Part 2 . Martin of The Lay Scientist .
The Barnett Transcript –
www.layscience.net/node/485
Part 3 Podblack Jeni Barnett On LBC 97.3 FM UK Radio – vs John From Epsom
podblack.com/?p=1222
Part 4 Rachel Dunlop of Sceptics ’ Book
This section covers ~ 19 to 24 mins .
To see the preceding section
head topodblack.com .
For the audio head to my YouTube channel .
scepticsbook.com/2009/02/06/further-to-the-transcript-of-jeni-barnetts-diatribe-on-lbc-937fm/
Part 5 Quackometer
www.quackometer.net/blog/2009/02/jeni-barnett-mmr-rant-transcript-with.html
Part 6 Holfordwatch Jeni Barnett and the Phone Call with Yasmin on the LBC MMR Segment
holfordwatch.info/2009/02/06/jeni-barnett-and-the-phone-call-with-yasmin-on-the-lbc-mmr-segment/
I can’t listen from this ancient PC in the bush but I ’m told that the original joyous audio clip is available in the following locations :
www.layscience.net/node/484
scepticsbook.com/2009/02/06/damage-control-for-lbcs-jeni-barnett-mmr-rant-backfires-globally-and-on-a-massive-scale/
www.mattwardman.com/blog/2009/02/06/ben-goldacre-of-bad-science-threatened-by-lawyers-for-lbc-and-jeni-barnett/
wikileaks.org/wiki/Bad_Science:_Jeni_Barnett_MMR_and_vaccination_slot_on_LBC_radio%2C_2009
www.thatsfuckingstupid.com/index.php/2009/02/dont-tell-anyone/
Lastly , I write for a hobby , I can honestly say it never occurred to me when I took an excerpt of audio , broadcast on the airwaves into kitchens and cars , and made a brief blog post about it , that this could be considered “ theft ” .
I welcome people lifting my output , I expect them to link back to me so people can find more of the same , and I am glad when people use my ideas and analyses , even ( with a fleeting grudge ) unattributed : that is what they are there for .
To me , these people with their lawyers , and their millions , are from another world .
The fact that this has gone from a small blog post about a stupid radio clip to a blogstorm is a bit weird too , but excellent for getting a wider discussion going about the way that the media misrepresent health risks , and create scares .
Update – links
Amazing .
Holfordwatch have kept track of the speed with which this story has spread overnight .
I ’m so pleased to see this dismal scaremongering , and LBC ’s intemperate response , getting wide coverage .
www.boingboing.net/2009/02/05/scientist-who-critic.html
www.pressgazette.co.uk/story.asp?sectioncode=1&storycode=43020&c=1
www.mediawatchwatch.org.uk/2009/02/06/bad-science-v-bad-lawyers/
blog.dave.org.uk/2009/02/the-controversy-that-wont-die.html
theplummetonions.wordpress.com/2009/02/03/extremely-bad-science/
teekblog.blogspot.com/2009/02/goldacre-threatened-with-legal-action.html
scatter-gum.blogspot.com/2009/02/jeni-barnett-is-fucking-idiot.html
mycolleaguesareidiots.com/archive/2009/02/06/401.aspx
plashingvole.blogspot.com/2009/02/jeni-barnett-is-ill-informed-loon-and.html
xrrf.blogspot.com/2009/02/global-radio-menaces-ben-goldacre.html
www.adambowie.com/weblog/archive/002659.html
retiredrambler.typepad.com/tonys_ramblings/2009/02/ben-goldacrejeni-barnett-mmr-and-lbcs-heavy-legal-hand.html
Dr Crippen of NHS BlogDoc : Jeni Barnett and LBC start the clean - up operation
Frank Swain of Science Punk : LBC sic lawyers on Ben Goldacre over criticism of MMR show
SJ Cockell of Fuzzier Logic : MMR scaremongerer sicks the legal dogs on Ben Goldacre
Podblack of Podblack Cat : Ben Goldacre – Will Not , Should Not , Be Silenced On Jeni Barnett .
jdc of jdc325 : MMR Scaremongering From Jeni Barnett : LBC Use Legal Chill Tactics .
Ugh .
Political Scientist : URGENT : The Joy of Law
Martin of The Lay Scientist : Jeni Barnett on MMR – The Complete Show .
Jason Brown of A Drunken Madman : More medical mendacity .
ES Armstrong of Scattergum : Jeni Barnett is an idiot .
Dr*T of Thinking is Dangerous :
Is there a proper media lawyer in the house ?
Your country needs YOU .
Common Sense has updated the Measles graph for England and Wales .
Dr Rachie of The Sceptics ’ Book : What are LBC and Jeni Barnett afraid of ?
Press Gazette : LBC in legal warning to Ben Goldacre over MMR blog post
Anthony Cox of Black Triangle : MMR and legal threats and www.blacktriangle.org/blog/?p=1894″>The Today Programme ’s irresponsible MMR interview
Quackometer : Jeni Barnett and Irresponsible Broadcasting
MacSpider of Spider Comment : Jeni Barnett , LBC , stupidity and threats
Londonist : MMR , For Some Reason , Still Controversial
Michael Grayer of Non-Toxic : Many Many Rants … and not much evidence .
BPSDB
It ’s also had about a million tweets , including this from Phil Plait ( yay ) , and the audio has appeared on wikileaks , but for how long I do n’t know ( millionaires take note : I am not responsible for the content of external websites ) .
I ’ve also had emails saying that various people are working on transcripts , they ’ve coordinated now and they ’re almost complete .
I ’ve been sent a bit of one and I can only say , in black and white text this content is exceptionally informative reading .
As I said at the outset , this is one of the finest exemplars I have seen of the antivaccination genre and I look forward to having it in a form where its strengths can be discussed again .
This was a broadcast on the public airwaves , it was widely felt to be irresponsible and misleading , and a review of it , and discussion about it , was important and informative .
If Jeni , LBC , and Global Radio really felt that access to information was important , and that debates were worth having , I think they would encourage their legal team to reconsider , and simply give permission for this clip to be made freely available , in the public domain , in full , as it was broadcast , so that it can be widely heard , understood , and discussed .
Anooooother update : I have just had an off the record conversation with a senior person at LBC .
I do n’t understand why it has to be off the record , again , instead of a normal discussion about the issues , podcasted , whatever , but there you go .
I ’m not allowed to tell you what we talked about ( ricockulously … ) but the bottom line is , I made the arguments , and they are adamant they will not allow this audio to be posted freely .
Without details , I ’m a nice guy , I wanted to like him , I wanted him to like me , I could n’t believe we could disagree , but it was like communicating with someone from another universe .
One more thing , someone just gave me some money , it ’s kind but I really do n’t need money here ( the paypal link below is ancient ) , more important is that people discuss the massive danger that the media now pose to public health , and that you complain whenever and wherever you see similar examples of foolishness .
Okay two more things , since Stephen Fry excellently tweeted this post to his 8 billion followers ( weirdly he wakes me up every morning )
I ’ve had to activate supercache to prevent the site from dying .
This means your comments will be stored for later but can only appear intermittently , sorry about that , nice to have you , and do look around for the site for more educational moron - baiting fun .
It goes without saying that you should not be personally abusive to or about Jeni .
This is about ideas , not character .
Atrios :
All fun aside , there 's obviously nothing wrong with the right attempting to engage in protest politics .
The problem is that it was never clear what they were protesting .
So far Obama has cut taxes for most of the population and ... well , that 's it .
The protests of " The Left " have long been mocked for lacking message discipline .
That criticism has often been fair .
The difference is that our side 's protests generally have a single point ( " do n't do this stupid fucking war in Iraq " ) which gets hijacked by a bunch of other causes when the speakers hit the stage .
But the teabaggers ... honestly , I still have no idea what it was about .
I mean , I know it was about tribal allegiance against Barack Mumia Saddam Obama III .
But it was n't actually about anything else .
Now 's as good a time as any to take a break from mocking the teabaggers in favor of a more serious look at what they accomplished yesterday .
I 've never made a secret for my distaste of most street protests , and of groups like Code Pink that think they are accomplishing anything with their street theater .
But when I set out to write Taking on the System , my book on effective organizing in the 21st century , I had to dig deep to figure out why I did n't like them , and how to differentiate the usual ineffective ANSWER - organized protests with those that actually had a positive effect ( e.g. the Jena Six and pro-immigration protests of a few years ago ) .
I finally determined that for a protest to be effective it needed to :
be novel and / or unexpected
have a sympathetic , singular , and media - friendly message
provide great visuals
tap into a hot - button and timely issue .
The usual leftist protests fail most of these , falling into the worst , cartoonish stereotypes .
They feature a mishmash of causes and issues , with no unifying theme .
Is the protest about the Iraq War ?
Or Palestine ?
Or American imperialism ?
Or freeing Mumia ?
Or legalizing marijuana ?
Or blah blah blah blah ?
Who the heck knows ?
Who the heck cares ?
This is a classic clip from the Daily Show after one such protest :
Stewart : On Saturday , a 100,000 strong peace march descended on Washington seeking to crystallize America 's dissatisfaction with the war into one single idea .
Clip of young male speaker : Peace !
Stewart : Okay .
Clip of male speaker : Justice !
Stewart : ( pause ) Fine .
Clip of male speaker : Environmental protection !
Stewart : ( pause , confused look on face )
Clip of male speaker :
No racism !
Stewart : ( dumb - founded , and then says in Valley Girl - like voice ) Dude !
I did n't hike from Oberlin for this .
There 's nothing novel , new , or interesting about these protests , making them easy to ignore .
We 've seen them a million times , the visuals are easily mockable , with the dreads and the stupid puppets and whatnot .
And not only are they patently ridiculous , but we saw just how ineffective they were during the Bush years .
No one gave a damn about them , not the media , not powers - that - be ( in either party ) , and certainly not the public .
It was n't the protest movement that moved the Democratic Party left on Iraq , it was Joe Lieberman 's loss in his Democratic primary in 2006 .
Prior to that , Rahm Emanuel , as head of the DCCC , was telling Democratic candidates to steer clear of the war .
After that primary , the Dems fully embraced ending the war in their campaigns and won huge that fall .
In other words , the anti-war cause was best served via electoral politics .
After Lieberman 's loss , not even the media could ignore the saliency and validity of the anti-war position .
" Patriotism " could no longer be used to silence anti-war voices , we had helped mainstream them .
So now conservatives are out in the cold , far from the levers of power .
They are feeling marginalized , ignored , powerless .
We know the feeling .
It was n't long ago that we were there .
But instead of adopting the tactics that best served liberals on our way back to power , conservatives seemed to have learned the exact wrong lesson , adopting our most ineffective ones .
And having decided to do street protests , rather than learn from the people that have done effective street protests ( like the pro-immigration forces ) , they decided to go the Code Pink / ANSWER route .
So looking at our list above :
1. be novel and / or unexpected
Other than anti-abortion protests , the Right does n't really do protests .
Their instinct is to laugh at the hippies out on the streets , not take to the streets themselves .
So yeah , these were kind of new and unexpected .
Give them a point .
2. have a sympathetic , singular , and media - friendly message
What was the message ?
Too much taxes ?
I did n't see many bank executives and Wall Street types out on the streets .
And coming on the heels of the biggest tax cut in American history , almost entirely directed at the middle class , this message did n't have much salience .
Furthermore , the theme of these protests " taxation without representation " , was pretty silly considering that these people did have representation .
It 's just that they lost the elections , which sort of happens in a democracy .
" Representation " does n't mean you always get your way , it means that you have a vote .
So it was an indefensible frame to base the protests around .
That 's probably why the crowds did n't easily rally around it , deciding to freelance it instead .
So there was talk about pork barrel spending !
And bail outs !
And wanting to stick a knife in Obama 's eye ( at 1:07 ) !
And secession !
And Obama 's birth certificate !
And Obama taking away their guns !
And the American taxpayers are the Jews for Obama 's ovens !
And Obama is Hitler !
And blah blah blah blah .
Conservatives were doing their best to impersonate the " free Mumia ! " crowd .
Throw in the terrible name ( you really do n't want to be associated with sex acts ) , and it simply was n't a great message day for these guys .
3. provide great visuals
Did the country really need another group of people getting together to chant crazy slogans and wave stupid signs ?
It 's boring and trite when the ANSWER / Code Pink crowd does it , and it 's boring and trite when dumbass conservatives do it .
I mean , after all the time conservatives have spent mocking those dirty fucking hippies , they really thought it'd be a good idea to do the exact same thing ?
The small number of protesters certainly proved counter - productive .
If you claim a mass popular uprising , you can't have hundreds of people show up to events .
Remember , conservatives claimed that 10 million anti-war protesters back in 2003 were fringe ( Bush called them a " focus group " ) , what 's that make 100 - 250,000 protesters nationwide ?
That 's less than what some cities got during the anti-war and pro-immigration rallies .
If we wanted to paint the protesters as part of some fringe ( which we did , because they are ) , there was no better way to do so than to laugh at the pathetic turnout .
Throw in an exclusively white crowd protesting our nation 's first black president ( to the great delight of the Stormfront crowd ) , and really , the visuals were simply terrible .
There 's only so much that Fox News ' tight crowd shots could do to pretend otherwise .
4. tap into a hot - button and timely issue
Tax Day is a good time to protest taxes , sure , but their problem is that taxes are n't currently a hot topic of national debate .
As much as they may think otherwise , the nation is focused instead on economic matters , as the financial , jobs , and real estate crisis has decimated families and plunged us into the worst economy since the Great Depression .
People like government stimulus spending .
Many are benefiting from it .
The only people who have any gripes about taxes are those making over $ 250,000 a year , and there is n't going to be any broad sympathy among the broader public for that crowd ( hence the small crowds ) , especially in this environment .
So what did the teabaggers ultimately accomplish yesterday ?
They proved that even with the combined might of Fox News and Conservative Talk Radio ( and their tens of millions of listeners ) , they could n't mobilize a significant part of their base to take to the streets .
They showed that their views , contrary to their beliefs , are simply not striking a chord with the broader public .
They showed that they have learned the worst lessons from progressives ( while we were learning the best lessons from their side ) .
They gave their ideological opponents ( like us ) more visual proof of their fringiness ( like Texas Gov. Rick Perry talking secession ) .
And they did a great job motivating and entertaining our side as well ( we had our best traffic day in a while yesterday ) .
So what now ?
The teabaggers are talking about a new round of protests on July 4th , which will likely feature rhetoric and signage , on our nation 's most patriotic holiday , dominated by talk of secession and independence from ... the United States of America .
Go for it .
For a floundering movement desperately seeking a leader ( Sarah ! Rush !
Glenn ! ) and a cause , there 's nothing better for us than seeing them stick with the ANSWER / Code Pink playbook .
But when you tell people about the studies documenting bias , if they are prejudiced , they just discount the evidence .
Image Ben A. Barres recently .
Credit ...
Thor Swift for The New York Times
Q. How does this bias manifest itself ?
A . It is very much harder for women to be successful , to get jobs , to get grants , especially big grants .
And then , and this is a huge part of the problem , they do n’t get the resources they need to be successful .
Right now , what ’s fundamentally missing and absolutely vital is that women get better child care support .
This is such an obvious no - brainer .
If you just do this with a small amount of resources , you could explode the number of women scientists .
Q . Why is n’t there more support for scientists who have children ?
A . The male leadership is not doing it , but women are not demanding it .
I think if women would just start demanding fairness , they might get it .
But they might buy in a little bit to all this brainwashing .
They are less self - confident .
And when women speak out , men just see them as asking for undeserved benefits .
Q. Why are you a scientist ?
A. I knew from a very young age — 5 or 6 — that I wanted to be a scientist , that there was something fun about it and I would enjoy doing it .
I decided I would go to M.I.T. when I was 12 or 13 .
Q . As a girl , were you pressured not to try for M.I.T.?
A. Of course .
I was a very good math and science student , maybe the best in my high school .
And despite all that , when it came time to talk to my guidance counselor , he did not encourage me .
But I said , I want to go to M.I.T. ; I do n’t want to go anywhere else .
So I just ignored him .
Fortunately , my parents did not try to dissuade me .
Q. Were there girls at M.I.T. then ?
A. Very few , but M.I.T. from its very start took women .
I loved it .
I am not saying it is perfect , but it was a great place to go to school .
Q. Why did you decide to specialize in neuroscience ?
Did the fact that you were a transgendered person spark your interest in the brain ?
