私自身 、Windows 3.0の時代から何とはなしにMicrosoft製品を使い続けてきた人間の1人であり、近年増えつつあるオープンソース系ソフトウェアへの乗り換えにメリットを見いだす一団の仲間入りを果たしたのは、つい最近の話である。そしてオペレーティングシステムの乗り換え時に一番驚かされたのは、Linuxディストリビューションの数の多さでもなければ（それはそれで新鮮さを感じさせられたが）、これらのシステムでユーザが行える設定の細やかさでもなかった（こちらは自由の素晴らしさを再確認させられた）。一番驚かされたのは、オープンソースのコミュニティはいかに温かく、新味になって新参者を歓迎してくれるのかという事実であった。
ここ最近における私の余暇は、500種類はありそうなLinuxファミリの中で適当なものを見繕い、手元のPCデスクトップで試用してみるという作業に費やされている。とあるIRCチャットルームについては既に常連になってしまっているが、その他にも自分に役立ちそうな情報のヒントがないかと、いくつかのチャンネルをザッピングしつつ、画面上を流れ去ってゆく発言を拾い読みすることもある。現状では、プリンタ関係のトラブルについての話題から、インスタントメッセンジャ用のオープンソース系プログラムで何が一番かといった話題まで、あらゆるトピックを雑読しているが、FOSSの最新ニュースをフォローする目的で、多数のメーリングリストにも登録している。
これまでに様々なチャットルーム、メーリングリスト、フォーラムに質問やコメントを送信したが、そのほとんどすべては、私のような初心者の発言に対しても、ユーモアを交えながら辛抱強く懇切丁寧に答えてくれた。実際、悪戦苦闘の連続だった数週間がかりのインストレーション作業にくじけなかった理由は、このような温かい支援が得られたからなのだが、こうした経験をしたのはおそらく私1人だけではないだろう。
確かに、何か話題となりそうなオープンソース関連の論争や意見の対立がニュースとして流されると、このコミュニティはエゴに支配されており、問題の解決よりも他人を糾弾することを優先させる連中の集団に過ぎない、と短絡的に決めつけてしまいがちである。ただし私の体験した限りで言うならば、そうした状況はむしろ例外的なケースに属するはずだ。
フリー/オープンソースソフトウェアとは、ビジネスモデルにおける単なる1形態だけではない。それは1つの理念であり、ある意味必然的に、その世界に参加する者の意欲をかき立てるという性質を備えているのだ。実際これらソフトウェアの開発、メンテナンス、バグフィックスに関わる人々の大多数は、コミュニティに貢献しようと、自らの余暇を割く形で自主的に活動をしている。もっとも、そうした努力は往々にして仲間内での称賛という形で報われるだけなので、中には些細なことに腹を立てたり、重箱の隅をつつくような真似をする人が出てくるのも、ある程度は致し方ない事だろう。とは言うものの、コミュニティ全体はおしなべて親切で礼儀正しい人々で占められている、というのが私の経験だ。
組織というものは、それがリトルリーグの野球チームであろうが地元の宗教組織であろうが、パーティションで区分けされた小規模オフィスであろうが大企業の広々としたオフィスであろうが、それぞれに固有の内部事情を引きずっているものであり、無礼に振る舞う人間が皆無とは行かないはずだ。人間同士の集団とはそうしたものなのであり、自分の意見をごり押ししなければ気の済まない人間もいれば、新参者はレベルの低い質問をして話の進行を妨げるだけだとして邪魔者扱いする人間もいる。
そしてこうしたタイプの人々がオープンソースコミュニティに存在するのも確かな事実だが、メーリングリストやIRCチャットルームに参加している大多数はそれとは逆の態度を取っているため、多数派の後者に圧倒される形で少数派の前者はたいてい大人しくしているものである。実際問題として、固定化されたメンバにとって時たま“新顔”に遭遇するのは新鮮な刺激を与えてくれる出来事のようであり、新参者の参加を歓迎してくれるのはそうした人々だと見ていいだろう。
ここで少し厳しい現実についても触れておこう。オープンソース系ソフトウェアは徐々に市民権を得つつあるものの、未だに多くの人間からは物好きが手を出す“ハッカーズ・チョイス”として見なされており、実際にこの分野に手を出すにあたっては、プロプライエタリ系には無い様々なハードルに遭遇することを覚悟しておかなければならない。最初に遭遇するハードルは、それぞれ自分が一番だと謳っている何十種類ものディストリビューションのどれを使うかという選択だ。次に遭遇するであろうハードルはインストレーションの完了後に関するもので、必要なドライバやハードウェアが正常に機能するための設定を、個々のユーザが自力で施す必要がある（ラップトップをワイヤレス接続させたい場合は、より一段高いハードルと化す）。更に、とりあえず稼働しはじめたシステムを自分好みにカスタマイズしたければ、より雑多な知識を収集しなければならない。
プロプライエタリ系ソフトウェアへの未練を断ち切り、オープンソースの世界へ参入しようともがき続ける人間であれば、誰でも何らかの形でオープンソース系コミュニティの人間に助け船を求める時が来るはずだ。長い目で見ると、こうした新米ユーザを歓迎する雰囲気を今後も維持し続けることは、オープンソース世界の将来を盤石たるものにすることに通じているはずである。
オープンソースに手を出す人間の数を増やすだけでは、あまり意味がない。一番大切なのは、そうした人々をオープンソースの世界に止めておくことなのである。
新米ユーザへのアドバイス 新米ユーザがコミュニティに歓迎してもらうには、いくつかの注意事項がある。既に言い尽くされた感はあるが、もう一度ここで繰り返しておいても損はないだろう。
手持ちの知識だけで解決できない問題に遭遇した場合、まず最初に行うべきは、自分で検索エンジンに当たってみることだ。特定のプログラムコードを見つけたければ、Koders、Krugle、Google
Code Searchで検索できる。アプリケーションを見つけたければ、freshmeatやSourceForge.netあたりがお勧めだ。
インストールしたパッケージに関する問題、あるいは新規のインストール手順について不明な点があれば、サポート用のWebサイトにアクセスするのが常套手段だが、そうしたアプリケーションやディストリビューションに関連したIRCチャットルームも参考になるだろう。後者のケースではたいていの場合、新規に参加した段階で何らかの話題についての意見交換が続いているはずなので、その点を留意した上で丁寧に自己紹介しよう。自分の抱えている問題についての質問をする際は、要点を簡潔にまとめ、自力で解決すべく情報を検索する努力はしたが徒労に終わった旨も伝えるべきだ。
もちろん他のメンバも暇人ばかりではないので、質問をしても直ぐには返答をもらえないこともあるが、その場合は気長に待つ必要がある。他人に敬意を払い礼儀正しく行動していれば、他のメンバも気持ちよく応えてくれるはずであり、迅速かつ有益な情報の提供を多く期待することができるだろう。
NewsForge.com 原文
Hacking A More Tasteful MySpace
A guide to creating a more tasteful MySpace layout .
Sample images and CSS are included at the bottom .
End product : myspace.com/mikeindustriesThe social phenomenon that is MySpace is one I do n’t fully understand , and yet , one I must fully respect .
In fact , with over 50 million unique users , it is something everybody must respect .
Any website which rolls up that amount of usership is doing something very , very right , and no matter what your thoughts on it as a vehicle for your own expression are , you must give it its full due for what it is to seemingly everyone else .
Several weeks ago , I finally signed up for an account , and within seconds I was instantly put - off by what had been created for me : a hastily - designed “ profile page ” with uninspired colors , misaligned tables , and a mish - mash of extraneous cruft and design elements which made this feel more like a halfway house than a “ home ” .
Now , granted , I am a designer by trade so my tolerance for this stuff is orders of magnitude lower than most of the population , but clearly , this was not a place I even felt comfortable having my name on .
So with the default home page this underwhelming , what is a MySpacer to do ?
Customize , of course .
One of MySpace ’s greatest features is its ability to let you skin your own home page .
Unfortunately , 99 % of the customizations I ’ve seen are chalkboard - screechingly awful , but what could a MySpace home page look like if some actual design thought went into it ?
That is the question I sought to answer .
But first — as Keith Robinson asked me when I first showed him what I was doing — “ Ummm , why ? ”
The answer is twofold .
First , I love a design challenge .
Second , we ’ve been building a lot of new social components into Newsvine over the past several weeks and I wanted a good reference point for what is already done well online and what could be improved .
So without further ado , on with the surgery …
Sizing up the beast
The first thing I did was search Google for sites which specialized in MySpace customizations .
Turns out MySpace customization is a cottage industry unto itself .
Unfortunately , the first twenty sites I found produced nothing but crap .
Granted , perhaps it is crap that people want , but I wanted to do better .
There were mostly instructions on how to tile Ricky Martin backgrounds behind your Christina Aguilera autoplay music player , but nothing close to the brilliant piece of work Keegan Jones threw together a few months ago .
The problem with Keegan ’s hack , however , is twofold : a ) it violates MySpace ’s Terms of Use by blocking advertisements , and b ) it produces essentially a static , non-functional page by replacing all of MySpace ’s code with your own .
What we really want to do here is simply decrappify our home page as much as we can without violating the Terms of Use and replace all evil design elements with a cleaner , more professional look .
We also want to maintain MySpace ’s actual HTML so our page is functional and not just a facade hiding our grotesque underbelly .
Enter the dragon
Like a biologist over a petri dish , I pulled out my copy of XyleScope and began observing the organisms at play within the MySpace profile page .
How difficult was this going to be ?
Was everything coded semantically ?
Did the company provide enough hooks in the form of CSS classes and IDs for users to easily style most elements on the page ?
Was anything “ off - limits ” ?
Over the next several hours , I slowly identified every element on the page by its programmatic hook .
The good news was that a lot could be done here .
The bad news was that the CSS was going to be ugly , ugly , ugly .
If Dave Shea built the CSS Zen Garden , this was going to be the CSS Weed Patch ; a block of code so semantically twisted that it would turn Joe Clark straight .
It was upon thinking of this analogy , however , that I really started to get psyched about this project .
After all , it does n’t take a genius to make perfect code dance .
But it would be a real accomplishment to make a pig do the pachanga .
Step One – Learning the r001z
There are certain things you ca n’t do on MySpace .
Autoplaying “ Maneater ” is perfectly ok apparently , but these things are not :
Using the # sign anywhere in your CSS .
This is to avoid you messing with ID ’ed elements , but its brute force removal also precludes you from properly specifying hex values .
Instead , you must do things like color : FFFFFF or color : white .
Note also that because the pound sign is missing , you cannot use shorthand like color : FFF .
or .
Note also that because the pound sign is missing , you cannot use shorthand like .
Specifying style rules for iframes .
Apparently , this is to keep you from hiding MySpace ’s banner ad , although it ’s easy to do this anyway without touching the iframe .
Do n’t do it though unless you want your profile deleted .
Placing comments in your CSS file .
If you mark up your CSS file with standard ( /* whatever */ ) CSS comments , they will get stripped .
Other styles of commenting “ kind of ” work , like double brackets ( [ [ whatever ] ] ) but they end up messing up the CSS code in some browsers .
Interestingly though , downlevel - revealed ( but not downlevel - hidden ) IE conditional comments work just fine .
We ’ll use these in our hack in fact .
) CSS comments , they will get stripped .
Other styles of commenting “ kind of ” work , like double brackets ( ) but they end up messing up the CSS code in some browsers .
Interestingly though , downlevel - revealed ( but not downlevel - hidden ) IE conditional comments work just fine .
We ’ll use these in our hack in fact .
Using shorthand for border styles .
If you try something like border : 1 px solid FF0000 , it will not work in Firefox .
Interesting , it seems to work if you use a keyword like red instead , so this probably has something to do with the hex issue mentioned above .
The unfortunate workaround is to always specify your borders in longhand .
, it will not work in Firefox .
Interesting , it seems to work if you use a keyword like instead , so this probably has something to do with the hex issue mentioned above .
The unfortunate workaround is to always specify your borders in longhand .
Putting CSS anywhere but right smack dab in the middle of the content .
You ’d think it would be easy for the MySpace crew to let you specify your style rules in the head element where they belong , but nope , you have to stuff them into the “ About Me ” module which sits in the middle of the HTML .
The result is an unavoidable FOBUC ( or “ Flash Of Butt - Ugly Content ” ) before your style rules kick in , but oh well .
Such is life in the ghetto .
Step Two – Visualizing The Finished Product
As I saw it , there were mainly four things I could do here : a ) clean up all of the margins , padding , spacing , alignment , type , and color issues , b ) create a new background image and associated design theme , c ) make a branded header , and d ) add some extras with the magic of CSS .
I felt a Wicked Worn theme a la Cameron Moll would be pretty killer , so I mocked it up in Photoshop using various weathering techniques until it looked sufficiently unlike any other page I ’d seen on MySpace .
I then planned out how each piece of the design could be shoehorned into the Weed Patch with the most convoluted of coding schemes .
Step Three – Getting the ducklings in a row
The third order of business was to create CSS entries for everything I needed to style and group them into logical categories so I did n’t have to jump all over the place during the decrappification process .
In a normal web design workflow , you have something like this :
.modules {
background - color : # fff ;
padding : 15 px ;
}
.modules p {
color : #aaa ;
line - height : 150 % ;
}
In MySpace ’s world , it ’s more like this :
table table table table td , table table table table tbody td {
background - color : transparent ! important ;
padding : 15 px ! important ;
}
table table table table td font , table table table table tbody td font {
color : aaaaaa ! important ;
line - height : 150 % ! important ;
}
That ’s right .
Almost everything you can do during the customization process relies on styling various nesting levels and hoping they do n’t affect other areas of the page which may be similarly nested .
In many cases , you have to go back and override the conflicting nests by specifying additional , more specific rules .
And to top things off , the elements on the page which are “ properly ” classed are given names like lightbluetext8 and orangetext 15 .
These are the sorts of things that give Steve Champeon heart attacks .
By the time your CSS is properly grouped though , you ’re all ready to start customizing .
Step Four – Cleaning Up The Mess
Explaining all of the style rules associated with the general janitorial work performed here would take weeks , so since I ’m providing my CSS file , just go ahead and examine them there if you ’re interested .
Everything is clearly commented and explained so you do n’t have to go through the same long process I did .
Step Five – Injecting The Design
There are only four images used in the Mike Industries MySpace design layout .
The first is the background image : an aged piece of parchment , centered horizontally and tiled vertically in a seamless manner .
The second is the branded header .
This header unfortunately only works in non-IE browsers for the stupidest of all possible reasons : there is no doctype provided on any MySpace pages .
This doctype problem was probably the single biggest stumbling point in the entire project .
There were certain really weird things happening in IE at every turn and I had no idea what was going on .
The branded header is positioned absolutely with a width of 100 % and for some reason in IE , it was inheriting the width of the table it was in , despite the fact that the table was not even positioned relatively at all .
Such weirdness !
I was beside myself for hours , until I finally noticed the lack of a doctype .
These are things you just do n’t think about when you write good code .
By the way , if anyone can figure out a way around the IE doctype problem , let me know and I ’ll post it .
Specifically a way to get the branded header to show in IE .
Until then , we have a graceful workaround below .
Thanks to a negative margin solution by Daniel Stout , the branded header now works in PC IE !
The third image is the “ Contacting Mike D. ” table .
We ’ve gone ahead and replaced MySpace ’s default ugly GIF buttons with a background image that sits behind the now transparent button set .
I first saw this on Ryan Sims ’ MySpace page but have since seen it elsewhere as well .
The final image is my name : “ Mike D. ” .
This was accomplished using a brand new image replacement technique I ’m unveiling today : MIMSIR or “ Mike Industries My Space Image Replacement ” .
The technique essentially takes a block level element ( a span , in this case , with a display : block property ) , sets a static height , applies a background image with custom rendered text , turns the browser text the same color as the background , and shrinks it down to 1 pixel ( effectively hiding it ) .
The technique is intentionally gritty because this is a gritty place .
Step Six – Coddling IE
Since Internet Explorer ( even version 7 ) is such a pile , we make a few quick hacks in our css to basically chew its food for it and rub its tummy to keep it from puking all over the place .
There are two things IE ca n’t handle about our hacks : a ) our newly aligned and nicely padded tables , and b ) our branded header .
Both are likely due to IE ’s rendering behavior in the absence of a doctype and both will be handled by a downlevel IE conditional comment at the end of our CSS code .
To hide the fact that the table spacing is n’t quite right , we apply a new background image that is the same color as the tables and turn off the borders .
This effectively hides the boundaries of the tables altogether and looks just fine .
To get around the branded header issue , we simply do n’t show the header and slide the rest of the content up to eliminate the void .
Thanks to Daniel ’s header solution above , and my own ridiculously hacky solution for getting the tables to align perfectly , we ’re now 100 % IE compliant !
Not sure I ’m proud of that , but ok .
If you ’ve ever set a “ strong ” tag to display : block and given it a width , you ’ll know the extent of this ridiculousness .
Step Seven ( The Final Step ! ) – Add CSS Extras
When I first created my MySpace profile page , I was given one “ friend ” .
Some guy named “ Tom ” who apparently started MySpace and can now buy and sell my entire family with what he makes in one day .
Well done Tom , and I ’m happy you ’re my friend , but having one friend who is n’t even really my friend is kind of lame , no ?
Especially when there ’s a big headline on my page that says “ Mike D. has 1 friends . ”
How am I going to be one of the l33t d00dz on teh intarweb with only one friend ?
Most people would take the obvious step and send e-mails to all of their friends asking them to join their buddy list , but why do that when you have the power of CSS generated content !
Using this simple CSS rule , I was able to increase my friend count from “ 1 ” to “ 1 billion ” in about ten seconds :
.redbtext : after {
content : " billion " ;
}
This is really great when you ’re just getting off the ground , but it also scales very well .
Now that I have 29 meatspace “ friends ” , my MySpace count shows “ 29 billion ” … a number surely no CSS - ignorant friend - whore can top .
As one last cherry on this project , I thought I ’d throw in another bit of CSS generated content .
There ’s a line at the top of everyone ’s profile that says “ _____ is in your extended network ” .
I could never really figure out what that means since everyone in the entire MySpace population appears to be in my “ extended network ” so I thought I ’d at least make it sound a little more dramatic with the exclamation “ OMFG ! ” before it .
This can be accomplished with the following CSS rule :
.blacktext12:before {
content : " OMFG ! " ;
}
Final thoughts
So there you have it .
How to hack your way to a more tasteful MySpace profile .
Hopefully , my many hours of weeding will save you from having to fully examine the bowels of this beast .
I ’m providing my CSS file , fully commented , along with image files to use as templates for your own profiles .
I do ask that you do n’t use my exact theme but hopefully I ’m providing you enough so that a few minutes in Photoshop is all you need to produce something you ’re proud of .
Additionally , I will say this : after working this thing into a tasteful state , I find myself actually quite taken with it .
Many MySpace outsiders knock the service because its garish appearance and overall clunkiness overshadow anything good that may be underneath .
But imagine what a service like this could be with a professional makeover .
Get a company like Adaptive Path or a few Bryan Velosos in there and you could open up a whole new world of user enjoyment and customization .
I ’ve heard people say that the reason MySpace is so successful is because of its garishness , but I do n’t buy that for a second .
The freedom to be garish is certainly an advantage , but I hold that between garishness and beauty , most people will pick beauty for themselves if given the choice .
This theory will be tested as we roll more social elements and customization into Newsvine in the coming weeks .
Until then , however , you can have yourself a more tasteful looking MySpace page .
Here are the sample images and CSS file to get you started :
Just as in the 1980s , when the Betamax and VHS video formats were battling it out for supremacy , the pornography industry will likely play a big role in determining which of the two blue - laser DVD formats — Blu-ray Disc and HD - DVD — will be the winner in the battle to replace DVDs for high - definition content .
Ron Wagner , director of IT operations at E! Entertainment Television Inc. , in Los Angeles , said his company has already chosen the Blu-ray Disc format , in large part because of talk in the porn industry favoring it over rival HD - DVD .
Wagner said that while attending last year ’s National Association of Broadcasters ( NAB ) annual conference in Las Vegas , more than one panel discussed “ several major players in the porn industry going the Blu-ray route . ”
He said the Blu-ray vs. HD - DVD rivalry was also the buzz around NAB 2006 last month .
“ If you look at the VHS vs. Beta standards , you see the much higher - quality standard dying because of [ the porn industry ’s support of VHS ] , ” he said .
“ The mass volume of tapes in the porn market at the time went out on VHS . ”
E! Entertainment is using Blu - Ray discs primarily for Sony ’s XDCam applications for acquisition of television programming materials .
The television network , which has more than 85 million subscribers to its celebrity gossip and entertainment news , said it is not considering optical formats for long - term data archiving , but will stick with magnetic tape for now .
The pornography industry , which generates an estimated US $ 57 billion in annual revenue worldwide , has always been a fast leader when it comes to the use of new technology , according to analysts .
Porn studio Digital Playground , which claims to have produced the largest number of high definition movies in the industry over the past three years , said it is choosing Blu-ray Disc for all of its “ interactive ” films because of its greater capacity .
It also selected Blue - ray because Sony chose the format for its PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) box , due out in November .
The co-founder of Los Angeles - based Digital Playground , who goes by the one - word name “ Joone , ” said the fact that Sony chose Blu-ray guarantees his studio an instant home audience .
“ PlayStation 3 is going to be the Trojan horse that will get a lot of numbers into the home theater systems — the living rooms , ” said Joone , who is also a movie director .
“ Technology - wise we ’ve chosen Blu-ray , which does n’t mean we wo n’t support both formats … but as far as having really cool technology and a lot of storage for future proof , Blu-ray is a good format . ”
Blu-ray Disc and HD - DVD are the new optical - disc formats that are positioned as replacements for DVDs with high - definition content .
Blu-ray is not only backed by entertainment giant Sony , but Panasonic , LG Electronics , Philips Electronics and movie studios Disney and Fox .
Blu-ray offers storage up to 50 GB capacity , or up to nine hours of high - definition content .
In contrast , HD - DVD has 30 GB capacity and is supported by companies like Toshiba , NEC and Warner Home Video .
Paul O’Donovan , an analyst with Gartner Inc. , said pornography ’s support of either DVD format will be a “ strong factor ” to the uptake of the technology by the general marketplace , but even more critical is Sony ’s adoption of the technology .
O’Donovan said even though initially the Blu-ray format will be more expensive and will come after that of HD - DVD , the sheer support it is receiving from the entertainment industry , including pornography studios , will catapult it to a victory within a range of 18 months to five years .
Steve Hirsch , head of the adult film studio Vivid Entertainment , said he ’s currently using the HD - DVD format because it was the first to come out , but his studio will begin burning to the Blu-ray format as soon as it ’s available .
“ The adult industry has always been ahead of the curve when it comes to technology .
We do n’t have any theatrical distribution issues nor do we have big box retailers , like Wal - Mart and Blockbuster , to cater to .
We ’re forced to find distribution wherever we can , ” Hirsch said .
Hirsch , who founded Vivid Entertainment in 1984 , said the porn industry — just as in the 1980s — will have a big influence on the outcome of the latest high - definition video format wars .
In the 1980s , Hirsch said VHS tapes started selling for $ 50 a piece and Betamax went for $ 55 .
“ Therefore we pushed VHS harder , and in that sense we did have something to do with VHS winning out , ” said Hirsch , whose studio pulls in an estimated $ 100 million in revenue a year .
“ It was the adult industry who jumped right in and were putting movies on both VHS and Beta .
We pushed the actual technology more than anyone else , ” he said .
“ The adult industry has always been ahead when comes to technology . ”
But not everyone believes the format war will be determined by the porn industry .
Steve Duplessie , founder of research firm Enterprise Strategy Group , in Milford , Mass. , and a Computerworld columnist , said the porn industry ’s influence over the fate of VHS and the upcoming high - def DVD formats is overstated .
Duplessie said VHS ultimately won over Betamax because Betamax was a proprietary format owned by Sony , while VHS was more open .
“ I love the whole pornography concept simply because porn is still the number one money - making use of the Internet .
But I do n’t believe the porn industry will drive the format .
Like any other industry , it will supply what the consumer wants , ” he said .
This story , " Porn industry may be decider in Blu-ray , HD - DVD battle " was originally published by PCWorld .
Document Actions
セッション内容 セッション内容と参戦者の一覧 Language Update 各言語の第一人者がこの一年間の振り返り、その変化をご報告いたします。今年は初参戦の言語も多数出場。単なるアップデート報告だけではないかもしれません。
も、ぜひご覧ください 。
言語
参戦予定 者
所属 備考
1 Scripting for Java Platform 櫻庭 祐一 横河電 機
初参戦 2 FORTH 別府 政通 構造計画研究所 初参戦 3 awk 斉藤 博文 日本 GNU AWK ユーザー 会
4 ActionScript
上条 晃宏 アドビシステムズ社 初参戦 5 Scheme ( Gauche ) 川合 史朗
Scheme Arts
ハワイから生中継予定 !
6 Python
柴田 淳 ウェブコア /日本 Pythonユーザ会
7 Squeak
梅澤 真史、南谷 千城 Squeak - ja
8 Haskell 酒井 政裕 慶應義塾大学大学 院
9 OCaml 松本 宗太郎 筑波大学大学院 初参 戦
10
PHP
廣川 類 日 本PHPユーザ会
11
Ruby まつもとゆきひろ ネットワーク応用通信研究 所
12
JavaScript
天野 仁史
ガイアックス/Shibuya.js
初参戦
13
Perl
竹迫 良範
サイボウズ・ラボ/Shibuya.pm
14
Lisp
中村 正三郎
アンテナハウス本社グループマネージャ
※順不同・出場順は当日発表
LLで関数プログラミング 「 関数プログラミング」というプログラミング「スタイル」あるいはプログラミング「手法」とは、どういう手法なのか？ 何がうれしいのか？ どんな印象なのか？ などをディスカッション。既存の関数型言語や関数プログラミングに関する批判も飛び出るかも。
No 参戦者 所属 備考 1 住井英二郎 東北大学 2 青木峰郎 日 本Rubyの会 3 久井亨 クロネッカーズデルタ 4 中村 正三郎 アンテナハウ ス
5 山下伸夫 タイムインターメディア 6
今泉貴史 千葉大学 司会
対戦「じゃんけ ん2.0 」 LL Saturdayで行った 「 じゃんけん 」 が「じゃんけん2.0」にバージョンアップして戻ってきました。今度は、Roshambo風になってパワーアップします。10,000回じゃんけんを行い、戦略の優劣による勝敗を競います。
No
言語 参戦予定 者
所属 備考
1 Ruby 樽家昌也 2 ActionScript 今井治行 Flash OOP Japan 3 JavaScript 小林悠
アクセラートジャパ ン
4 awk
斉藤 博文 日本 GNU AWK ユーザー 会 5 Python 西尾泰和 東京大学 6 後藤謙太郎 シングラム 司会 7 佐藤智昭 Tokyo pm 司会
キミならどう書く 今年もやりま すLL *名物「キミならどう書く」。今年はフレームワークを使ったチーム対抗戦です。どんな超絶技巧が飛び出すか？ こうご期待ください。
も、ぜひご覧ください 。
No
フレームワーク ( 言語 ) 挑戦者 所属 1 Django ( Python ) 露木 誠
徳嶋和 敬
Django と日本の仲間た ち
http://www.djangoproject.jp/ 2 Kahua( Gauche ) 伊東 勝利
備前 達矢
タイムインターメディ ア
/ Kahuaプロジェクト 3 Ethna( PHP ) 藤本 真樹
鶴岡直 也
グリー
サイボウズラ ボ
4 Ruby on Rails ( Ruby ) かずひ こ
secondlife
鈴木美 保
ネットワーク応用通信研究所
はてな
ツインスパー ク
LL Gong LLで作った作品を自慢しよう!
昨年の伝説のセッション「デモ自慢」が闘いのリングに帰って来た!
No
題名
言語
参戦者
所属
概要
1 c-wrapper
Gauche
小黒 直樹
ウルシステムズ とっても簡易 なGaucheのFFIによる外部ライブラリ呼び出しをデモ
2 制約ベースのアニメーション生成系MEPHISTO
Gauche
久井 亨
クロネッカーズデル タ Gauche - glを使った3Dアニメーションの生成システムをデモ
3 every spam is sacred ...?
Python
名取 伸
東京大学大学 院
無駄にグラフィカルなspam対策およびpythonプラグインをデモ
4
脆弱なCGIプログラミングの常識・非常識
Perl
西山和 広
日本Rubyの会
脆弱性のあるプログラムがいかに書かれやすいか、どう対処するかをデモ
5
HaskellでGUI
Haskell
shelarcy
I/O Monadに依存せず、関数型言語ならではのGUIプログラミングができることをデモ
6
真のLinuxカーネル向けシェル C ( binfmtc / realksh.c ) 上川 純一 Debian Project C言語でのカーネルプログラミングを雰囲気だけライトウェイトにしてみました
7
世界の果てから漢字変換 ! Sumibi.org Gauche 西山 清香 Sumibi Project http:/www.sumibi.org/
をデモします。たった5分なので難しいことはやりません
8
Plagger is a LL Plagger 竹迫 良範 Shibuya.pl Plaggerの豊富なプラグインと言語仕様について解説
たくさんのご応募ありがとうございました!
各言語の第一人者がこの一年間の振り返り、その変化をご報告いたします。今年は初参戦の言語も多数出場。単なるアップデート報告だけではないかもしれません。 各言語の紹介 も、ぜひご覧ください。※順不同・出場順は当日発表「関数プログラミング」というプログラミング「スタイル」あるいはプログラミング「手法」とは、どういう手法なのか？
何がうれしいのか？ どんな印象なのか？ などをディスカッション。既存の関数型言語や関数プログラミングに関する批判も飛び出るかも。LL
Saturdayで行った 「 じゃんけん 」 が「じゃんけん2.0」にバージョンアップして戻ってきました。今度は、Roshambo風になってパワーアップします。10,000回じゃんけんを行い、戦略の優劣による勝敗を競います。今年もやりますLL*名物「キミならどう書く」。今年はフレームワークを使ったチーム対抗戦です。どんな超絶技巧が飛び出すか？
こうご期待ください。 各フレームワークの紹介 も、ぜひご覧ください。LLで作った作品を自慢しよう!
昨年の伝説のセッション「デモ自慢」が闘いのリングに帰って来た!たくさんのご応募ありがとうございました!
AAUGH.com Peanuts shopping site , AAUGH.com Peanuts book collecting guide Abusing Amazon images by Nat Gertler Created May 21 , 2005 .
Last updated January 10 , 2014 .
Thanks to Aryeh Leib Taurog for the hover code .
Amazon.com feeds out a lot of product images , putting out the same book cover ( say ) in a variety of sizes and formats .
By experimentation , I found that they do n't actually have all the sizes and formats stored .
Instead , they have a system that generates each requested image .
The details of size and format are built into the image 's URL .
What that means that , if you want , you can create URLs that generate odd and unlikely Amazon images ( you can see my gallery of images here ) .
The proper combination of product choice and added elements and effects could create an interesting visual .
What you see here is my best understanding of things based on trial and error and messing with various example URLs I 've found .
Hover over the example images to see the full address of the image .
Let 's take a look at an example http://ecw.images-amazon.com/images/
P/ 0971633894 .
01 . _PE20 _SCMZZZZZZZ_ . jpg
The first part - http://ezw.images-amazon.com/images/
- varies for some of the foreign Amazon sites .
You may see http://ec2.images-amazon.com/images / but this appears to have no impact on the image that results .
( You may see older links to images using http://images.amazon.com/images/ on non-Amazon sites , which is the old location and which still works . )
The next part - P/ - indicates the format of the product code .
The rest is a series of variable fields , each field separated from the next by a period ( or , for those who live solely in web URLs , a " dot " . ) 0971633894 is the product code .
There are two formats used for the product code - if the previous part was P / this is the ASIN , the identifier that Amazon uses for every item it stocks .
For books , this is the 10 - digit ISBN , stripped of its dashes .
You can find the ASIN in the product details section of any Amazon product listing .
If the previous part was I / this is some sort of funky 11 - digit code that indicates not just the product , but also where the image was originally found .
I 've not been able to pull this apart into useful information yet , but it does not include some user tracking indicator as I first feared .
If you 're trying to build your own image generator , stick with the P/ format .
is the product code .
There are two formats used for the product code - if the previous part was this is the ASIN , the identifier that Amazon uses for every item it stocks .
For books , this is the 10 - digit ISBN , stripped of its dashes .
You can find the ASIN in the product details section of any Amazon product listing .
If the previous part was this is some sort of funky 11 - digit code that indicates not just the product , but also where the image was originally found .
I 've not been able to pull this apart into useful information yet , but it does not include some user tracking indicator as I first feared .
If you 're trying to build your own image generator , stick with the format .
01 used to be the country field , but now is always set to 01 ( although it still works if you want to set the country code ) .
Different Amazons in different countries have different images stored for individual products , as well as different add - on images and percent - off bullet formats .
( If there is n't a local version of the image for a country 's database , or if you use an unused country code such as 06 , it defaults to the US version .
For at least some Japanese products , there is no US image stored , and no image will appear if you use another country code . )
01 : The US ( Amazon.com ) and Canada ( Amazon.ca ) and as best as I can tell , China ( Amazon.cn ) .
( This can sometimes be followed by a dash and then a fairly long alphanumeric string , then a .
PT01 . - this is for products that have alternate views .
Changing that .
PT01. to .
PT02. gives the next view , and so forth . )
02 : The UK ( Amazon.co.uk ) .
This uses a slightly different bullet design .
03 : Germany ( Amazon.de )
For a long time , this slot actually held the alternate , original solicitation cover for this book .
The Germans did n't get percentage - off bullets until sometime between August and October of 2005 ( and even so , they originally had no support for discounts of less than 10 percent , although they now do ) .
08 : France ( Amazon.fr ) 09 : Japan ( Amazon.co.jp )
used to be the country field , but now is always set to 01 ( although it still works if you want to set the country code ) .
Different Amazons in different countries have different images stored for individual products , as well as different add - on images and percent - off bullet formats .
( If there is n't a local version of the image for a country 's database , or if you use an unused country code such as 06 , it defaults to the US version .
For at least some Japanese products , there is no US image stored , and no image will appear if you use another country code . )
_PE20 _SCMZZZZZZZ_ gives information on the size of the image and adornments added to the image .
I 've found three formats that this field can have .
THUMBZZZ - just the size code .
This works only for certain size codes 20SCZZZZ - ( NOTE : AS OF AUGUST 2008 , THIS FORMAT APPEARS TO BE DISABLED , RETURNING JUST AN IMAGE WITH NO BULLET . ) the percent discount followed by the size code .
This only works with certain size codes .
Using 00 will generate an image without a bullet , while 1C presents a special one cent bullet .
( The one cent bullet is only available for country code 01 . ) _PE20 _SCMZZZZZZZ_ - a string of commands separated by underscores , including lead and end underscores .
A list of known size codes and commands is below .
gives information on the size of the image and adornments added to the image .
I 've found three formats that this field can have .
jpg -
This can be jpg , jpeg , png , or gif .
Oddly , it does n't matter .
The file will be a JPEG format graphics file no matter what extension you use ( unless you vary it with the FM code descrbed below ) .
You can even get away with using no extension , with or without the leading period .
However , you can't just put random characters for the extension .
size codes
The size codes that I 've found all seem a mite odd to me .
They all end in a number of Zs , and I imagine there is some significance to the number that I 've not found , but you can't just mess with them .
Each size code works only with a certain option format Option format 1 THUMB ( can be followed by any number of Z s ) or H small size .
T ( can be followed by any number of Z s ) medium image size .
Any other ( or no ) string default image size Note : Before August , 2008 , ZTZZZZZZ or any other eight - letter string starting with the second letter being T would add a drop shadow to the left , unless the fourth letter was an L , in which case it would drop right .
Prior to July 2006 , these commands also tilted the image to the left , unless the third or fourth letter was an R , in which case the tilt was to the right .
L , LZ , or LZZ large size .
Option format 2
As of August 2008 , option format 2 ( with a bullet value followed by a string which could cause a tilt or a drop shadow ) is no longer working ; anything designed for format 2 is simply treated as format 1 .
Option format 3 SCTZZZZZZZ small size .
SCMZZZZZZZ medium size .
SCLZZZZZZZ large size .
SCRM HUGE size .
Too huge to fit comfortably on this web page - we 're talking megapixel images .
Please note that this option is only available for items that have a ZOOMing picture on its amazon web page , and it does n't work for all of the domain names - but if you have a page with a zoomable picture , try doing this with ec2.images-amazon.com as the host .
Click here for an example image commands
The commands ( for use only in format 3 ) I 've found so far are Borders and shadows | Bullets and adornments | Text | Size adjustment | Rotation | Image adjustments Borders and Shadows PB -
Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the left .
Note :
- Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the left .
Note : PC -
Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the right .
As of August 2008 , these only works if there is at least two underscores following the PB or PC in the command string ( they need not be directly in a row ; they can follow other commands ) or there are further arguments .
These are only designed to look like a real shadow for rectangular items such as books .
If you want it to look like a real shadow , make sure to put this command before any PE , PI , or rotate command .
If you add an argument to it ( such as PC,4 ) the total image size is reduced , unless you add exactly five arguments , as in PC 10 , 129 , 75 , 55 , 33 , in which case blank space is added around the edges of the image .
This will add 10 pixels to both the width and the height , then add 129 pixels just to the height , then add 75 just to the width .
I have n't yet found what effect the 55 and 33 have .
- Put a drop shadow on the image , down and to the right .
As of August 2008 , these only works if there is at least two underscores following the PB or PC in the command string ( they need not be directly in a row ; they can follow other commands ) or there are further arguments .
These are only designed to look like a real shadow for rectangular items such as books .
If you want it to look like a real shadow , make sure to put this command before any PE , PI , or rotate command .
If you add an argument to it ( such as PC,4 ) the total image size is reduced , unless you add exactly five arguments , as in , , , , , in which case blank space is added around the edges of the image .
This will add pixels to both the width and the height , then add pixels just to the height , then add just to the width .
I have n't yet found what effect the and have .
PA10,6 , -8,2 0 - This is a more complete drop - shadow tool .
The first number is the number of pixels added to the image in each dimension , generally just adding blank area .
The second is how far the shadow 's edge is from the item 's edge horizontally in pixels ( positive values go to the right , negative to the left ) .
The third is how far the shadow 's edge is from the image 's edge vertically ( positive values go down , negative values go up . )
The final number sets how sharp and dark the shadow is - 0 would be perfectly square , while higher numbers make the shadow ever fuzzier and lighter .
- This is a more complete drop - shadow tool .
The first number is the number of pixels added to the image in each dimension , generally just adding blank area .
The second is how far the shadow 's edge is from the item 's edge horizontally in pixels ( positive values go to the right , negative to the left ) .
The third is how far the shadow 's edge is from the image 's edge vertically ( positive values go down , negative values go up . )
The final number sets how sharp and dark the shadow is - 0 would be perfectly square , while higher numbers make the shadow ever fuzzier and lighter .
BO10,155,0,145 - Adds a border around the picture .
The first number is the border thickness in pixels , and can be up to at least four digits long , which is more than you 'll ever need .
The remaining three values are the border color in decimal - represented RGB .
For those of you who are n't so versed in geekspeak , what this means is you 're mixing a color together using red , green , and blue .
There 's a number for the amount of red ( running from 0 to 255 ) , followed by one for the amount of green , followed by one for the amount of blue .
Bullets and adornments PF - Puts a half - disc image sticking out of the side of the product .
Adding a value after this decreases the size of the existing image and adds space between the existing image and the disk image .
( As of August 2008 , if PF is your only argument , include an extra underscore after it or it wo n't work properly . )
- Puts a half - disc image sticking out of the side of the product .
Adding a value after this decreases the size of the existing image and adds space between the existing image and the disk image .
( As of August 2008 , if PF is your only argument , include an extra underscore after it or it wo n't work properly . )
PE55 - Puts a percent discount bullet on the lower right of the image .
Value can be 01 -99 ; 00 means no bullet , 1C is a one cent bullet .
( The one cent bullet is only available if the country code is set to 01 . )
- Puts a percent discount bullet on the lower right of the image .
Value can be 01 -99 ; 00 means no bullet , 1C is a one cent bullet .
( The one cent bullet is only available if the country code is set to 01 . )
PD55 - Same as PE except the bullet is on the lower left .
- Same as PE except the bullet is on the lower left .
PI sm.arrow , TopLeft , -2,-19 or PJ sm.arrow , TopLeft , -2,-19 - Adds another sort of bullet to the image .
( PI adds whitespace around the image when it does so ; PJ does not , unless the bullet goes beyond the edge of the image ) sm.arrow - the type of bullet .
So far , the bullets that I 've found are :
or - Adds another sort of bullet to the image .
( PI adds whitespace around the image when it does so ; PJ does not , unless the bullet goes beyond the edge of the image )
The following only work with country code 01 ( the US / Canada ) sitb - dp - 500 - arrow litb - dp - 500 - arrow ( " sitb " means " Search Inside The Book " ) . ( " litb " means " Look Inside The Book " ) look - inside - v2 look - inside release - day - del - sticker bundle - 808 clearance Works not only for 808 , but also for all values 2-25,30,35,40,50,60 , and 70 .
The following only work with country codes 01 and 02 ( the US / Canada and the UK ) dp- schmooS dp- schmoo2 ( a " shmoo " is a white bulbous creature from the Li'l Abner comic strip that the little figure here resembles . )
The following put out a different image based on country code Code sitb - st - arrow sitb - sm - arrow sitb - sticker - dp- arrow sitb - sticker - dp- top 01/02 03 08 09 Code sitb - sticker - arrow - dp sitb - sticker - arrow - click 01/02 03 08 09
The following only work with country code 02 ( the UK ) uk - r - fp -299 uk - y - fp-9999 uk - r - fd - 1 uk-y - fd - 18 These values can be set to 299 , 399 , and so on up to 9999 , plus 19999 .
This values can be anything from 1 to 18 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , or 100 This values can be anything from 1 to 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , or 100 uk - r - ss - new uk - y - ss - new uk - r - ss - save uk - y - ss - save
The following only work with country code 03 ( Germany ) sticker - neu - r mit- praemie - sticker3 de-ambir - sticker - o sticker - preishit-r " New " " Premium " " Hit Price "
This does n't seem to work on the old image server format autoripBadge = TopLeft - where the placement of the bullet is measured from .
TopLeft , TopRight , BottomLeft and BottomRight all work .
TopLeft is the default , if you enter meaningless data here .
- where the placement of the bullet is measured from .
TopLeft , TopRight , BottomLeft and BottomRight all work .
TopLeft is the default , if you enter meaningless data here .
- 2,-19 - the placement of the bullet .
The first number is horizontal - positive values place to the right , negative values to the left .
The second number is vertical - positive down , negative up .
- the placement of the bullet .
The first number is horizontal - positive values place to the right , negative values to the left .
The second number is vertical - positive down , negative up .
The following image codes have been discontinued : m.arrow ( country 01 ) , st.arrow and t.arrow ( countries 01 and 02 ) , and sm.arrow ( countries 01 , 02 , and 03 ) .
These were search - inside - type arrows without the trademark , if memory serves .
Also disabled from country code 01 : kin- dp - 500 ( I no longer recall what this was ) and m.schmu ( which was one of the little white blobby guys peeking over the edge of things . )
( country 01 ) , and ( countries 01 and 02 ) , and ( countries 01 , 02 , and 03 ) .
These were search - inside - type arrows without the trademark , if memory serves .
Also disabled from country code 01 : ( I no longer recall what this was ) and ( which was one of the little white blobby guys peeking over the edge of things . )
PG sitb - sm-arrow and PH sitb - sm- arrow - Stretches the bullet to take up the full width of the image .
PG places it on the bottom of the image , PH on the top .
sitb - sm-arrow -
Any of the bullets from the above list .
and - Stretches the bullet to take up the full width of the image .
PG places it on the bottom of the image , PH on the top .
OU02 - This overrides the country - code setting for which bullets can be displayed , while still using the original country code setting for the selection of the product image : OU01 ( use the US / Canada bullets ) OU02 ( use the UK bullets ) OU03 ( use the German bullets ) OU08 ( use the French bullets ) OU09 ( use the Japanese bullets )
- This overrides the country - code setting for which bullets can be displayed , while still using the original country code setting for the selection of the product image :
Note that OU has the same effect no matter where in your command string it lands ( although if you have two OU commands , only the first is used . )
Text ZAText %20stuff,5,15,100,100 , times ,20,255,40,240 -
Adds text .
That 's a long command , but it has a lot of stuff .
When writing out the text content , you may run into problems if you use characters that are not letters or numbers ( such as spaces , commas , and so forth ) , because they may be misinterpreted in a URL .
Instead , you have to use encoded ASCII values .
Use % 20 for a space , % 2C for a comma , % 2E for a period , and go here to look up other characters .
The next two fields ( 5,15 ) are the position of the upper left corner of the text area , measured from the upper left corner of the image .
In this case , it 's 5 pixels down , 15 to the right .
The next two figures show where the bottom right of the text area is , 100 pixels to the right and 100 down from upper left of the text box .
This is important because word wrap will be done based on where the right edge of the text box is .
After that is the font , and so far I 've identified five : times , arial , arialbi ( arial bold italic ) , verdenab ( which is presumably some sort of misspelling of verdana , a common font ) , and advc128d ( a bar code font , used on package labels for postal routing and tracking ) .
Next ( 20 ) is the font size , and then a three - digit RGB code for the text color .
( You can see RGB codes explained in the BO command discussion . )
- Adds text .
That 's a long command , but it has a lot of stuff .
When writing out the text content , you may run into problems if you use characters that are not letters or numbers ( such as spaces , commas , and so forth ) , because they may be misinterpreted in a URL .
Instead , you have to use encoded ASCII values .
Use % 20 for a space , % 2C for a comma , % 2E for a period , and go here to look up other characters .
The next two fields ( 5,15 ) are the position of the upper left corner of the text area , measured from the upper left corner of the image .
In this case , it 's 5 pixels down , 15 to the right .
The next two figures show where the bottom right of the text area is , 100 pixels to the right and 100 down from upper left of the text box .
This is important because word wrap will be done based on where the right edge of the text box is .
After that is the font , and so far I 've identified five : times , arial , arialbi ( arial bold italic ) , verdenab ( which is presumably some sort of misspelling of verdana , a common font ) , and advc128d ( a bar code font , used on package labels for postal routing and tracking ) .
Next ( 20 ) is the font size , and then a three - digit RGB code for the text color .
( You can see RGB codes explained in the BO command discussion . )
ZC -
The same as ZA , except that it places the text box so that the longest line of text in the box is centered on the image .
This is good centering if you have only one line of text .
It does n't center each individual line so the left edge of shorter lines will still lign up with the left edge of the longest line .
Size adjustment AA25 - This resizes the image to a fixed pixel dimension ( setting its larger dimension , with the smaller one set in proper proportion ) .
It seems like you can set any number up to the actual size that the image is stored at Amazon ; above that , this adds white space to around the borders of your image .
Expanding to the point where you 're adding white space also appears to shrink the bullet .
( I need to do a little more exploring here to get the details worked out . )
Values from 1 to at least 5000 , by which point you 're so far beyond the size of any actual image at Amazon that there 's no point in thinking about it .
- This resizes the image to a fixed pixel dimension ( setting its larger dimension , with the smaller one set in proper proportion ) .
It seems like you can set any number up to the actual size that the image is stored at Amazon ; above that , this adds white space to around the borders of your image .
Expanding to the point where you 're adding white space also appears to shrink the bullet .
( I need to do a little more exploring here to get the details worked out . )
Values from 1 to at least 5000 , by which point you 're so far beyond the size of any actual image at Amazon that there 's no point in thinking about it .
SX25 - This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in width , with the height being reduced proportionately .
- This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in width , with the height being reduced proportionately .
SY25 - This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in height , with the width being resized proportionately .
- This reduces the image to be the listed number of pixels in height , with the width being resized proportionately .
SL25 - This reduces the size of the image so that the larger dimension ( width or height ) becomes the size listed , with the smaller dimension reduced proportionately .
If the value is larger than the larger dimension size that would otherwise be put out , this has no effect on the image .
- This reduces the size of the image so that the larger dimension ( width or height ) becomes the size listed , with the smaller dimension reduced proportionately .
If the value is larger than the larger dimension size that would otherwise be put out , this has no effect on the image .
SS25 - This resizes the image to a square image , a fixed number of pixels in both height and width .
It does this not by distorting the image , but by scaling the image so that the larger dimension is the listed size and blank white pixels are added to the side to fill it out .
If you set a value larger than the actual size of the source image as stored on the Amazon server , white space will be added all around the image .
- This resizes the image to a square image , a fixed number of pixels in both height and width .
It does this not by distorting the image , but by scaling the image so that the larger dimension is the listed size and blank white pixels are added to the side to fill it out .
If you set a value larger than the actual size of the source image as stored on the Amazon server , white space will be added all around the image .
CR0,10,20,15 - This crops the image , trimming away everything but a selected rectangular area .
The first two numbers indicate the upper left - hand corner of the selection area ( the first is how many pixels from the left , the second is how many pixels down from the top ) .
The next two numbers are the width and height of the selected area , in pixels .
Note : this was a great way to trim away the excess white space left by other commands , , . which other commands used to create , although that was greatly reduced sometime around July 2007 .
You have to take the time to crop precisely for a given image .
If you set the crop area to go beyond the edge of the image , the image will merely be resized with white space added .
Rotation PT85 - Tilts the image .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is 0 .
The values seem to range as high as 135 .
Positive values rotate to the right , negative numbers rotate to the left .
Negative numbers go ... well , I stopped testing in the hundreds of millions , but there 's not much need to go beyond - 360 , which takes it full circle .
Positive rotations in some values seem to cause severe image shrinkage , so you should consider using a size adjustment after rotation .
- Tilts the image .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is 0 .
The values seem to range as high as 135 .
Positive values rotate to the right , negative numbers rotate to the left .
Negative numbers go ... well , I stopped testing in the hundreds of millions , but there 's not much need to go beyond - 360 , which takes it full circle .
Positive rotations in some values seem to cause severe image shrinkage , so you should consider using a size adjustment after rotation .
PU45 - Tilts the image to the left .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is about 5 ( although ends up with slightly different size image than actually using 5 ) .
Range is 0 -99 .
- Tilts the image to the left .
Number is number of degrees .
Default ( no number ) is about 5 ( although ends up with slightly different size image than actually using 5 ) .
Range is 0 -99 .
PV45 - Same as PU , except tilting to the right .
Note : PU and PV stopped functioning around July 2006 , but were restored by July 2007 Image Adjustments HL60,100,30,15,80 - This highlights an area of the image .
The first two numbers indicate the upper left - hand corner of the highlighted area ( the first is how many pixels from the left , the second is how many pixels down from the top ) .
The next two numbers are the width and height of the highlighted area , in pixels .
The fifth number is the degree of adjustment .
Values from 0 through 255 give an ever more solid color , with 255 leaving the block solid .
( Values above 255 just repeat the 0 - 255 range . )
For cool effects , however , you should try negative values .
- This highlights an area of the image .
The first two numbers indicate the upper left - hand corner of the highlighted area ( the first is how many pixels from the left , the second is how many pixels down from the top ) .
The next two numbers are the width and height of the highlighted area , in pixels .
The fifth number is the degree of adjustment .
Values from 0 through 255 give an ever more solid color , with 255 leaving the block solid .
( Values above 255 just repeat the 0 - 255 range . )
For cool effects , however , you should try negative values .
BL10 - This blurs the image .
The number appears to be the blur raidius , so the larger a number you enter , the blurrier your image will get ..
- This blurs the image .
The number appears to be the blur raidius , so the larger a number you enter , the blurrier your image will get ..
SH94 - This sharpens the image , increasing the contrast between adjacent pixels of different color to make the difference stand out .
Values are 00 - 99 .
Small values ( say , 20 ) can have a nice effect on images that do n't look distinct .
Large values find insignificant color differences and turn them into noise while draining the image of color .
- This sharpens the image , increasing the contrast between adjacent pixels of different color to make the difference stand out .
Values are 00 - 99 .
Small values ( say , 20 ) can have a nice effect on images that do n't look distinct .
Large values find insignificant color differences and turn them into noise while draining the image of color .
FMgif -
This sets the output format of the file .
Acceptable arguments are jpg ( the default ) , jpeg ( same format ) , gif , and png .
Be careful with this command - whereas messing up your argument for most options will at worst output a blank image file , messing up this one will give you a 404 - file not found response .
- This sets the output format of the file .
Acceptable arguments are jpg ( the default ) , jpeg ( same format ) , gif , and png .
Be careful with this command - whereas messing up your argument for most options will at worst output a blank image file , messing up this one will give you a 404 - file not found response .
BD1 - This options works only with the FMgif option ( file format set to gif . )
This sets the bit depth , the number of bits that the file uses to represent each pixel .
Values range from 1 ( which will mean that your entire image only has 2 colors ) to 8 ( 256 colors ) .
The cool thing ( if you want to generate unlikely Amazon images ) is that you 're not limited to one use of any of these commands .
You can have multiple discounts , multiple shadows , multiple bullets , generating images that Amazon would never have on its site .
However , every additional command you add generates another 10 % to the image dimensions , adding white space around the image .
And that 10 % compounds ; add a lot of bullets , and you 'll find that you have a small image in a large blank space .
( You can use the CR command to cut away the excess , however . )
Note also that the commands are interpreted in order , which can have an impact on what overlaps what .
other images
There are other , non-product images lurking around Amazon which you can similarly abuse .
In fact , any image coming from images.amazon.com or g-images.amazon.com can be subject to this .
There are some images that were specifically designed for such use .
For example , at http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/banners/books/promotions/detail_burst_v2.gif
you will find , which is designed to be used with the ZC tag to list price discounts , like or .
At http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/nav/personalized/tabs/yourstore-off-sliced.gif you find , which was used in an old set of Amazon page headers to personalize things like .
But if you check the source for any image you see on Amazon 's pages , you can probably abuse it .
Just add a period followed by a string of commands before the .gif or .jpg at the end of the image name .
on beyond ...
Are there other secrets , other commands , other things to be discovered about the Amazon product image system ?
Almost certainly .
Note : all of the product images on this page are coming directly from Amazon .
If you do n't quite get the URL information being discussed , right - click ( Windows ) or ctrl - click ( Mac ) on the image , and chose your browsers command to view the image , or to copy the image address which you can then paste into the address field of your browser .
Your address field will have the full URL for you to study !
Check out my gallery of cool abused Amazon images !
Ethical Considerations Abusing Amazon images for decorative art on your own web pages makes use of Amazon 's processor and bandwidth .
While Amazon is generally good about letting people use their systems for interesting projects , it should be remembered that they make access available in order to ultimately sell more stuff .
My recommendation for those who want to use Amazon 's services without being a total leech is to be sure to include a link to the Amazon sales page for the product depicted .
For example , all the images on this page are for It 's Only a Game , a collection of a non-Peanuts newspaper comic by the creator of Peanuts .
If you 're using various overlay images , particularly percentage bullets , include something like : Warning : the discount percentages and other feature blurbs depicted on this page are being used in a purely decorative fashion .
They do n't represent any discount or feature actually being offered .
The unusual wildlife spectacle in St James 's Park was caught on camera by photographer Cathal McNaughton .
He said the Eastern White pelican had the unfortunate pigeon in its beak for more than 20 minutes before swallowing it whole .
An RSPB spokesman said : " It is almost unheard of for a pelican to eat a bird .
Their diet should be strictly fish . "
Mr McNaughton , from the Press Association , said : " The pelican was on the towpath preening itself , and there were a lot of tourists watching it .
It was kicking and flapping the whole way down
Cathal McNaughton
" Then the bird got up and strolled along until it reached one of the pigeons , which it just grabbed in its beak .
" There was a bit of a struggle for about 20 minutes , with all these people watching .
The pelican only opened its mouth a couple of times .
" Then it managed to get the pigeon to go head first down its throat .
It was kicking and flapping the whole way down . "
There are currently five pelicans living near Duck Island in St James 's Park - four Eastern Whites and one Louisiana Brown .
Pelicans were introduced into the park during King Charles II 's reign as a gift from the Russian ambassador .
The Abominable Snowman - or Yeti to give him his proper Tibetan , if less evocative , name - is a huge , hairy ape - man hybrid beast who lives above the snowline in the Himalayan regions of India , Nepal and Tibet .
I do not lace my words with " allegedly " , " perhaps " or " maybe " , and that is because of the veritable Himalayan mountain of evidence that we have of his existence .
Perhaps you can deny pictures of the Yeti in ancient Bhutanese murals , reports of sightings by yak herders , pictures of giant footprints , a patch of humanlike skin and mummified finger at 18,000ft found in 1950 and the testimony of the snowblind and hypothermic Captain d'Auvergne that he was saved from certain death by two 8 ft - tall creatures somewhere between Bhutan and Sikkim .
I , however , cannot .
And they found a frozen hairy foot in Siberia three years ago .
So there .
2 Nessie
The days of people being snatched up by alien spaceships may be over , but belief in the Loch Ness monster persists .
The reason is simple : a picture - in this case purporting to show the creature 's long neck and little head poking out of the water - is worth far more than a thousand words , even after it is revealed by its snapper to be a hoax .
The preferred explanation , these days , is that Nessie is a plesiosaur , a remnant of the Mesozoic era who has cleverly circumvented the need for a breeding colony ( which one might expect to have been discovered during the 80 years of exploratory expeditions ) , and done away with the original plesiosaur 's need to break the surface to breathe , which would have made Nessie sightings as common as Paris Hilton's .
Does Nessie speak to our psychic depths , to a collective hankering to be wild , mysterious and free , to a submerged longing for a connection to the primordial waters in which we all once swam ?
Or would we just all love to see a really , really , really big fish ?
3 Hollow Earth
In 1692 , Edmund Halley - not yet of comet fame - posited that inside the earth nested a series of spherical shells , like tubby Russian dolls , each with their own atmosphere , magnetic poles and rate of rotation .
He did this in order to try to explain anomalous compass readings in the absence of alternative evidence , and he and later scientific followers gladly let it give way as evidence to the contrary became available .
Others , however , continue to prefer the notion that if you tap the home counties , you will hear a deep , reverberating echo and the squeals of rudely awoken interior inhabitants .
In the 19th century , John Symmes popularised the belief in a hollow earth and other proponents ' efforts resulted in the Great US Exploring Expedition of 1838 - 42 , which did a lot in the way of mapping Oregon and furnishing the Smithsonian but failed to provide proof of a hollow world .
Still , the belief has survived to the present day - the Hollow Earth Society now claims 400 members in more than 30 countries - and received a particular boost in the early 1980s from the masterful Jim Henson series Fraggle Rock , now available on DVD .
4 Crystals
To detail the health and spiritual benefits claimed for various crystals would take more time and mental space than anyone should have to give the concept that lumps of translucent rock can affect the human mind or body in any way other than if they are thrown fast and hard at the latter , a procedure I heartily recommend if anyone ever starts trying to convince you otherwise .
This belief will persist for as long as rocks can be dug up for free .
I know this because I have shone a light through my pink imbecilia quartz and it refracted into whole industries stringing stones on to leather thongs and laughing all the way to the bank .
5 Elvis
There is a lesser known version of the ancient philosophical conundrum , which goes : " If the world 's first and greatest pop icon dies on the toilet and there is nobody around to independently verify the fact , did he really make a gently expiring sound , or did he fake it in order to live out the rest of his life in solitude , save for the occasional excursion to Chipping Sodbury or Neoprene , Ohio , to allow sufficient sightings to keep the flame of remembrance alive ? "
And the answer is no .
But that does n't stop collective international grief morphing into years of delusional sightings of the King , a testament to the power of human resistance to the appalling notion that death is the end not just of life but of celebrity .
Expect the first Diana sighting at a Lidl near you any day now .
6 Electronic smog
This , like crystals , is a favourite of holistic health practitioners , homeopaths and the kind of hippies who advertise pet aromatherapy .
But it received the beginnings of mainstream acceptance at the weekend , when the Department of Health announced that it was to make two reports on the phenomenon to the government next month .
Electronic smog is meant to refer to the electrical and magnetic fields thrown out by the electrical appliances in our homes , and the radio frequency fields emitted by masts , transmitters , mobile phones and so on .
It is believed , in certain quarters , that these can interfere with the natural electrical activity of the body ( particularly in the heart and between nerve cells ) and cause anything from leukaemia to cancer to depression .
Ever since the first electrical pylon was raised , there have been studies both supporting and contradicting the idea that strong electrical fields can cause cancer .
Clusters of patients found at such sites by research teams are generally dismissed as truly random occurrences .
But the fear of invisible rays is a hard one to allay .
Fighting the belief in electronic smog will literally be like fighting mist .
7 Telepathy
There seemed to be a great many television programmes in my youth that centred round people staring at white cards with black symbols on them while other people sat behind a screen and tried to say what they were seeing .
It was n't great TV , but remote controls had n't been invented so whatever channel was on at teatime stayed on until closedown .
Whatever these and other experiments in telepathy and ESP various idiots have carried out over the centuries , they have yet to produce a shred of verifiable or duplicable evidence that the mind can transmit messages .
And yet we continue , as a species , to have a deep - seated belief in the idea that telepathy is not only possible , but actually happens : I give you the phenomenon that is Derren Brown .
8 Fairies
Fairy lore has survived for centuries , partly because it arose among Celtic people who historically would rather lose a limb than a good story , partly because it is infinitely adaptable to all times and ages , and partly , and most sickeningly , because fairies have an eternal appeal to the vast swathes of every female generation who love their ickle - bitty dresses and their iridescent wings and their flowery bowers .
Rational argument becomes sodden and useless upon contact with minds so wet , alas .
9 Big cats in Britain
There are parakeets in West Wickham .
I 've seen 'em .
Why not beasts on Bodmin , caracals in Cornwall , pumas in Penge ?
A travelling circus , a faulty lock , an ocelot with initiative - it's not hard to imagine and it really could be true .
Cue , every month or so , yet another newspaper picture of what may or not be a large , out - of - focus domestic moggy - or not .
10 Angels
Originally members of the lowest division of the celestial hierarchy , lumbered with sorting out human affairs rather than singing the music of the spheres or guarding Eden like the Seraphim and Cherubim , angels have long since been co-opted by new agers and pressed into service in ever more demeaning ways .
Instead of divine servants , they are now usually conceptualised as floaty - robed guardians of man whose benevolent energies can be channelled through crystals , or used as a way of personifying self - help beliefs , resulting in a plethora of books with titles like , How My Angel Told Me to Tell You to Love Yourself and Give Me £ 7.99 .
Like crystals and fairies , they will exist for as long as they make money and there are enough drippy women out there with sufficient disposable income to make it so .
Editorial blasts federal response
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
The Times - Picayune of New Orleans printed this editorial in its Sunday edition , criticizing the federal government 's response to Hurricane Katrina and calling on every FEMA official to be fired :
An open letter to the President
Dear Mr. President :
We heard you loud and clear Friday when you visited our devastated city and the Gulf Coast and said , " What is not working , we 're going to make it right . "
Please forgive us if we wait to see proof of your promise before believing you .
But we have good reason for our skepticism .
Bienville built New Orleans where he built it for one main reason :
It 's accessible .
The city between the Mississippi River and Lake Pontchartrain was easy to reach in 1718 .
How much easier it is to access in 2005 now that there are interstates and bridges , airports and helipads , cruise ships , barges , buses and diesel - powered trucks .
Despite the city 's multiple points of entry , our nation 's bureaucrats spent days after last week 's hurricane wringing their hands , lamenting the fact that they could neither rescue the city 's stranded victims nor bring them food , water and medical supplies .
Meanwhile there were journalists , including some who work for The Times - Picayune , going in and out of the city via the Crescent City Connection .
On Thursday morning , that crew saw a caravan of 13 Wal - Mart tractor trailers headed into town to bring food , water and supplies to a dying city .
Television reporters were doing live reports from downtown New Orleans streets .
Harry Connick Jr. brought in some aid Thursday , and his efforts were the focus of a " Today " show story Friday morning .
Yet , the people trained to protect our nation , the people whose job it is to quickly bring in aid were absent .
Those who should have been deploying troops were singing a sad song about how our city was impossible to reach .
We 're angry , Mr. President , and we 'll be angry long after our beloved city and surrounding parishes have been pumped dry .
Our people deserved rescuing .
Many who could have been were not .
That 's to the government 's shame .
Mayor Ray Nagin did the right thing Sunday when he allowed those with no other alternative to seek shelter from the storm inside the Louisiana Superdome .
We still do n't know what the death toll is , but one thing is certain :
Had the Superdome not been opened , the city 's death toll would have been higher .
The toll may even have been exponentially higher .
It was clear to us by late morning Monday that many people inside the Superdome would not be returning home .
It should have been clear to our government , Mr. President .
So why were n't they evacuated out of the city immediately ?
We learned seven years ago , when Hurricane Georges threatened , that the Dome is n't suitable as a long - term shelter .
So what did state and national officials think would happen to tens of thousands of people trapped inside with no air conditioning , overflowing toilets and dwindling amounts of food , water and other essentials ?
State Rep. Karen Carter was right Friday when she said the city did n't have but two urgent needs : " Buses !
And gas ! "
Every official at the Federal Emergency Management Agency should be fired , Director Michael Brown especially .
In a nationally televised interview Thursday night , he said his agency had n't known until that day that thousands of storm victims were stranded at the Ernest N. Morial Convention Center .
He gave another nationally televised interview the next morning and said , " We've provided food to the people at the Convention Center so that they 've gotten at least one , if not two meals , every single day . "
Lies do n't get more bald - faced than that , Mr. President .
Yet , when you met with Mr. Brown Friday morning , you told him , " You 're doing a heck of a job . "
That 's unbelievable .
There were thousands of people at the Convention Center because the riverfront is high ground .
The fact that so many people had reached there on foot is proof that rescue vehicles could have gotten there , too .
We , who are from New Orleans , are no less American than those who live on the Great Plains or along the Atlantic Seaboard .
We 're no less important than those from the Pacific Northwest or Appalachia .
Our people deserved to be rescued .
No expense should have been spared .
No excuses should have been voiced .
Especially not one as preposterous as the claim that New Orleans could n't be reached .
Mr. President , we sincerely hope you fulfill your promise to make our beloved communities work right once again .
When you do , we will be the first to applaud .
Anti-copy protection activists have released a new solution that breaks Apple 's FairPlay DRM , which secures iTunes - purchased tracks .
The solution , QTFairUse6 , comes from the same activists who this week unleashed FairUse4WM , which can strip copy protection from Windows Media files .
Both sets of software let users strip copy protection from their legally acquired music .
Once that is done , they can use their songs on any digital device , any platform and any music management software .
The software requires Python 2.4 and several other tools , and uses the information buffered in memory after iTunes decodes the file .
The script currently works on Windows only .
" To make it work on Mac one would need to port pydbg or find a similar package and also reverse - engineer iTunes to find the routines which handle AAC data after decryption , " the developers explain on their forum .
The typical corkscrew path of an Earth Coorbital Asteroid .
News flash : Earth has a " second moon . "
Asteroid 2003 YN107 is looping around our planet once a year .
Measuring only 20 meters across , the asteroid is too small to see with the unaided eye — but it is there .
This news , believe it or not , is seven years old .
" 2003 YN107 arrived in 1999 , " says Paul Chodas of NASA 's Near Earth Object Program at JPL , " and it 's been corkscrewing around Earth ever since . "
Because the asteroid is so small and poses no threat , it has attracted little public attention .
But Chodas and other experts have been monitoring it .
" It 's a very curious object , " he says .
Most near - Earth asteroids , when they approach Earth , simply fly by .
They come and they go , occasionally making news around the date of closest approach .
2003 YN107 is different :
It came and it stayed .
Asteroid mining , an artist 's concept .
" We believe 2003 YN107 is one of a whole population of near - Earth asteroids that do n't just fly by Earth .
They pause and corkscrew in our vicinity for years before moving along . "
These asteroids are called Earth Coorbital Asteroids or " coorbitals " for short .
Essentially , they share Earth 's orbit , going around the Sun in almost exactly one year .
Occasionally a coorbital catches up to Earth from behind , or vice versa , and the dance begins :
The asteroid , while still orbiting the sun , slowly corkscrews around our planet .
" These asteroids are not truly captured by Earth 's gravity , " notes Chodas .
" But from our point of view , it looks like we have a new moon . "
Astronomers know of at least four small asteroids that can do this trick : 2003 YN107 , 2002 AA29 , 2004 GU9 and 2001 GO2 .
" There may be more , " says Chodas .
He believes the list will grow as asteroid surveys improve in sky coverage and sensitivity .
At the moment , only two coorbitals are actually nearby : 2003 YN107 and 2004 GU9 .
The others are scattered around Earth 's orbit .
2004 GU9 is perhaps the most interesting .
It measures about 200 meters across , relatively large .
And according to calculations it has been corkscrewing around Earth for 500 years -- and may continue for another 500 .
It 's in a remarkably stable " orbit . "
Right now , however , researchers are paying more attention to 2003 YN107 for one simple reason : it 's about to depart .
The asteroid 's corkscrew path is lopsided and on June 10th it will dip within 3.4 million km of Earth , slightly closer than usual .
Earth 's gravity will then give the asteroid the nudge it needs to leave .
" This is a chance to observe one of these asteroids [ on the way out ] , " explains Chodas .
It wo n't be gone forever .
In about 60 years 2003 YN107 will lap Earth again , resuming its role as a temporary , corkscrewing moonlet .
In due course , other coorbitals will do the same .
Each encounter is an opportunity for study -- and possibly profit .
Even the most powerful telescopes cannot see much of these tiny asteroids ; they 're just specks in the eyepiece .
But one day , when the space program is more advanced , it might be possible to visit , explore the moonlets and tap their resources .
" For now , they 're just a curiosity , " says Chodas .
News flash : Earth is about to lose a moon .
More to come .
Source : Science@NASA , by Dr. Tony Phillips
" Increasingly , politicians are seen simply as managers of public life .
But now , they have discovered a new role that restores their power and authority .
Instead of delivering dreams , politicians now promise to protect us from nightmares . "
The Power of Nightmares is the title of a trilogy of one - hour documentaries made by Adam Curtis ( The Mayfair Set ) that aired on BBC2 in the UK in late October of 2004 .
The documentaries trace the histories of American neoconservatism and radical Islamicism ( that is to say , radical political Islam ) .
A politically charged investigation airing in politically charged times , The Power of Nightmares makes some interesting allegations , and a couple of downright shocking ones , too .
It has , of course , drawn criticism from right - leaning pundits and publications , including Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News Channel , and the National Review .
The purpose of this write - up will be to explain the salient points of the documentaries , analyze the presentation of information , and finally look at some of the reactions generated online .
Salient Points
Analysis of presentation of information in The Power of Nightmares
A look at Reactions to The Power of Nightmares
DWORD P_CMP_EQ_B( DWORD a , DWORD b) { DWORD c = a ^ b ; c = ( ( ( c & 0x7f7f7f7 f ) + 0x7f7f7f7f ) | c ) & 0x80808080 ; c |= c - ( c >> 7 ) ; return ~ c ; }
Stadelmaier - Skandal Kulturkampf im Theater
Der Theaterkritiker Gerhard Stadelmaier wertet den Angriff auf seine Person durch den Schauspieler Thomas Lawinky empört als Attacke auf die Presse - und Meinungsfreiheit .
Die Affäre zeigt , wie aus schlechtem Benehmen und verblüffender Dünnhäutigkeit ein veritabler Skandal werden kann .
Book Excerpt Software Maintenance is a Solution , Not a Problem ( An Excerpt from Software Conflict 2.0 ) Excerpted from Software Conflict 2.0 : The Art and Science of Software Engineering , from developer . *
Books ISBN : 0977213307 Pages : 308 Price : $ 29.95 U.S. / UK £ 22.99 Publication Date : March 10 , 2006 Publisher : developer .*
Books March 10 , 2006 20 % Off the Cover Price in the US !
Other Options : Amazon US * Amazon UK * B&N * More
Is software maintenance a problem ?
Today 's standard answer is " You bet it is . "
The standard rationale for that standard answer is " Look how much of our budget we 're putting into software maintenance .
If we 'd only built the software better in the first place , we would n't have to waste all that money on maintenance . "
Well , I want to take the position that this standard answer is wrong .
It 's wrong , I want to say , because the standard rationale is wrong .
The fact of the matter is , software maintenance is n't a problem , it 's a solution !
What we are missing in the traditional view of software as a problem is the special significance of two pieces of information :
The software product is " soft " ( easily changed ) compared to other , " harder , " disciplines .
Software maintenance is far less devoted to fixing errors ( 17 percent ) than to making improvements ( 60 percent ) .
In other words , software maintenance is a solution instead of a problem because in software maintenance we can do something that no one else can do as well , and because when we do it we are usually building new solutions , not just painting over old problems .
If software maintenance is seen as a solution and not as a problem , does that give us some new insight into how to do maintenance better ?
I take the position that it indeed does .
The traditional , problem - oriented view of maintenance says that our chief goal in maintenance should be to reduce costs .
Well , once again , I think that 's the wrong emphasis .
If maintenance is a solution instead of a problem , we can quickly see that what we really want to do is more of it , not less of it .
And the emphasis , when we do it , should be on maximizing effectiveness , and not on minimizing cost .
New vistas are open to us from this new line of thinking .
Once we take our mindset off reducing costs and place it on maximizing effectiveness , what can we do with this new insight ?
The best way to maximize effectiveness is to utilize the best possible people .
There is a lot of data that supports that conclusion .
Much of it is in the " individual differences " literature , where we can see , for example , that some people are significantly better than others at doing software things :
Debugging : some people are 28 times better than others .
Error detection : some people are 7 times better than others .
Productivity : some people are 5 times better than others .
Efficiency : some people are 11 times better than others .
The bottom line of these snapshot views of the individual differences literature is that there is enormous variance between people , and the best way to get the best job done is to get the best people to do it .
This leads us to two follow - on questions :
Does the maintenance problem warrant the use of the best people ?
Do we currently use the best people for doing maintenance ?
The first question is probably harder to answer than the second .
My answer to that first question is " Yes , maintenance is one of the toughest tasks in the software business . "
Let me explain why I feel that way .
Several years ago I coauthored a book on software maintenance .
In the reviewing process , an anonymous reviewer made this comment about maintenance , which I have remembered to this day : Maintenance is : intellectually complex ( it requires innovation while placing severe constraints on the innovator )
technically difficult ( the maintainer must be able to work with a concept and a design and its code all at the same time )
unfair ( the maintainer never gets all the things the maintainer needs .
Take good maintenance documentation , for example )
no - win ( the maintainer only sees people who have problems )
dirty work ( the maintainer must work at the grubby level of detailed coding )
living in the past ( the code was probably written by someone else before they got good at it )
conservative ( the going motto for maintenance is " if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " )
My bottom line , and the bottom line of this reviewer , is that software maintenance is pretty complex , challenging stuff .
Now , back to the question of who currently does maintenance .
In most computing installations , the people who do maintenance tend to be those who are new on the job or not very good at development .
There 's a reason for that .
Most people would rather do original development than maintenance because maintenance is too constraining to the creative juices for most people to enjoy doing it .
And so by default , the least capable and the least in demand are the ones who most often do maintenance .
If you have been following my line of reasoning here , it should be obvious by now that the status quo is all wrong .
Maintenance is a significant intellectual challenge as well as a solution and not a problem .
If we want to maximize our effectiveness at doing it , then we need to significantly change the way in which we assign people to it .
I have specific suggestions for what needs to be done .
They are not pie - in - the - sky theoretical solutions .
They are very achievable , if management decides that it wants to do them :
Make maintenance a magnet .
Find ways to attract people to the maintenance task .
Some companies do this by paying a premium to maintainers .
Some do this by making maintenance a required stepping stone to upper management .
Some do this by pointing out that the best way to a well - rounded grasp of the institution 's software world is to understand the existing software inventory .
Link maintenance to quality assurance .
( We saw this in the previous essay . )
Plan for improved maintenance technology .
There are now many tools and techniques for doing software maintenance better .
( This has changed dramatically in the last couple of years . )
Training and tools selection and procurement should be high on the concerned maintenance manager 's list of tasks .
Emphasize " responsible programming . "
The maintainer typically works alone .
The best way to maximize the effectiveness of this kind of worker is to make them feel responsible for the quality of what they do .
Note that this is the opposite of the now - popular belief in " egoless programming , " where we try to divest the programmer 's personal involvement in the final software product in favor of a team involvement .
It is vital that the individual maintainer be invested in the quality of the software product if that product is to continue to be of high quality .
There they are ... four simple steps to better software maintenance .
But note that each of those steps involves changing a traditional software mindset .
The transition is technically easy , but it may not be socially or politically quite so easy .
Most people are heavily invested in their traditional way of looking at things .
If we are to get there at all , however , there is one vital first step which must be taken .
It is the step that started off this essay .
We must see that software maintenance is a solution , not a problem .
If we agree to that , then we have opened the door to profound changes in how we software people do our business .
Think about it .
### Copyright ©2006 , Robert L. Glass .
Published by developer .*
Books .
Purchase direct from the publisher at 20 % Off the Cover Price in the US !
Or purchase from Robert L. Glass held his first job in computing in 1954 .
Author of over 25 books , he is one of the true pioneers of the software field .
He is the editor and publisher of The Software Practitioner , and also writes regular columns for Communications of the ACM and IEEE Software .
In 1995 he was awarded an honorary Ph.D. from Linkoping University of Sweden , and in 1999 he was named a Fellow of the ACM professional society .
His unique viewpoint and timeless writings have for decades offered insights to practitioners , managers , professors , entrepreneurs , researchers , and students alike .
Or purchase from Amazon US Amazon UK , or wherever books are sold .
Order Now !
Gerald M. Weinberg
 Over the years , in the software business , there have only been a handful of writers consistently worth listening to .
Bob Glass is one of these rare individuals .
If you care about your profession , listen to what he has to say . 
Software Conflict 2.0
Glass presents insights from some of the timeless debates between the sharpest practitioners and researchers in the field . 
Karl E. Wiegers , Principal Consultant at Process Impact , author of Software Requirements , 2nd Edition  Robert Glass has spent decades as an astute observer of the software industry .
InGlass presents insights from some of the timeless debates between the sharpest practitioners and researchers in the field .
 He brings rare gifts to our profession : intelligence , knowledge , insight , a keenly critical eye , and a shining honesty ... Robert L. Glass is a wise man in a field critically short of substance and long on hype . 
 Edmund Arranga  The Mark Twain of the computer industry . 
 Doug King  Entertaining , informative , and thought - provoking ... There is food for thought for everyone , and if the book stirs controversy , then I suspect it has achieved its purpose . 
 Professor Daniel E. Cooke , International Journal of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering
Andrew Hunt , from the Foreword  Bob 's essays focus on the realities facing practitioners .
 The author has the knack for getting to the essence of an issue and offers many novel insights ... lucid and witty .
 Don Chand , Computing Reviews Facts About Bob Glass A 50 + year veteran software practitioner and researcher Author or editor of over 25 books and over 90 professional papers Author of regular columns in IEEE Software and Communications of the ACM A Fellow of the ACM professional society The Software Practitioner newsletter .
Editor and publisher ofnewsletter .
Editor Emeritus of the Journal of Systems and Software Learn More About Robert L. Glass Learn More About developer .*
Books
Test Smarter , Not Harder
Introduction : Complexity Leads to Futility
Imagine we are developing a web page for customizing a laptop purchase .
If you 've never configured a laptop online before , take a look at Dell 's " customize it " page for an entry level laptop .
The web page presents eleven questions to the user that have from two to seven responses each .
The user has to choose from two options in the first control , two in the second , and so on .
The user has seven possible choices for the last control .
When we look at all of the controls combined , the user has to make ( 2,2,2,2,2,3,2,2,3,4,7 ) choices .
This is a simple configuration problem .
The number of possible laptop configurations that could be requested by the user is the product of all of the choices .
In this very simple page , there are 32,256 possibilities .
At the time of this writing , the page for customizing Dell 's high - end laptop has a not dissimilar set of controls , with more choices in each control : ( 3, 3, 3, 2,4,2,4,2,2,3,7,4,4 ) .
The user of this page can request any of 2,322,432 different laptop configurations !
If Dell were to add one more control presenting five different choices , there would be over ten million possible combinations !
Creating a test suite that tries all two million combinations for a high end laptop could be automated , but even if every test took one tenth of second to run , the suite would take over 64 hours !
Dell changes their product offerings in less time than that .
Then again , if we use a server farm to distribute the test suite across ten machines we could run it in about 6 hours .
Ignoring the fact that we would be running this type of test for each customization page Dell has , 6 hours is not unreasonable .
Validating the two million results is where the really big problem is waiting for us .
We can't rely on people to manually validate all of the outputs–it is just too expensive .
We could write another program , which inspects those outputs and evaluates them using a rules - based system ( " If the user selects 1GB of RAM , then the configuration must include 1GB of RAM " and " The price for the final system must be adjusted by the price - impact of 1GB of RAM relative to the base system price for this model . " )
There are some good rules - based validation tools out there , but they are either custom software , or so general as to require a large investment to make them applicable to a particular customer .
With a rules - based inspection system , we have the cost of maintaining the rules .
The validation rules are going to have to be updated regularly , as Dell changes the way they position , configure , and price their laptops .
Since we are n't Dell , we do n't have the scale ( billions of dollars of revenue ) to justify this level of investment .
The bottom line for us is that we can't afford to exhaustively test every combination .
Dell 's shareholders require them to grow their business , and these configuration pages are the vehicle by which Dell generates billions of dollars in revenue .
They have to test it .
The cost of errors ( crashes , lost sales , mis-priced items , invalid combinations of features ) is too high .
With this level of risk , the cost of not testing ( the cost of poor quality ) is extremely high .
We Can't Afford to Test It
I was able to attend a training session with Kent Beck a few years ago .
I was also honored to be able to enjoy a large steak and some cold beer with him that night after the training .
When asked how he responds to people who complain about the cost of quality , Kent told us he has a very simple answer : " If testing costs more than not testing then do n't do it . "
I agree .
There are few situations where the cost of quality exceeds the cost of poor quality .
These are situations where the needed infrastructure , test - development time , and maintenance costs outweigh the expected cost of having a bug .
( The " expected cost " is the likelihood ( as a percentage ) of the bug manifesting in the field , multiplied by the cost of dealing with the bug . )
The techniques described in this article are designed to reduce the cost of quality , to make it even less likely that " not testing " is the best answer .
Just Test Everything , It 's Automated !
Two " solutions " that we have to consider are to test nothing and to test everything .
We would consider testing nothing if we can't afford to test the software .
When people do n't appreciate the complexities of testing or the limitations of automated testing , they are inclined to want to " test everything . "
Testing everything is much easier said than done .
Have you ever been on a project where the manager said something like , " I demand full testing coverage of the software .
Our policy is zero tolerance .
We wo n't have bad quality on my watch . " ?
What we struggle with here is the lack of appreciation for what it means to have " full coverage " or any other guarantee of a particular defect rate .
There are no absolutes in a sufficiently complex system–but that 's ok .
There are statistics , confidence levels , and risk - management plans .
As engineers and software developers , our brains are wired to deal with the expected , likely , and probable futures .
We have to help our less - technical brethren understand these concepts–or at least put them in perspective .
We may get asked , " Why ca n't we just test every combination of inputs to make sure we get the right outputs ?
We have an automated test suite–just fill it up and run it ! "
We need to resist the urge to respond by saying , " Monkeys with typewriters will have completed the works of Shakespeare before we finish a single run of our test suite ! "
Solving the Problem
There are a lot of applications that have millions or billons of combinations of inputs .
They have automated testing .
They have solutions to this problem .
We just finished discussing how impractical it is to test exhaustively , so how do companies test their complex software ?
In the rest of the article , we will explore the following approaches to solving the problem .
Random sampling
Pairwise testing
N - wise testing
We will also explore the impact that changing the order of operations has on our testing approach , and the methods for testing when the sequence matters .
Random Sampling
Early on in the software testing world , someone realized that by randomly checking different combinations of inputs , they would eventually find the bugs .
Imagine software that has one million possible combinations of inputs ( half as complex as our previous example ) .
Each random sample would give us 0.000001 % coverage of all possible user sessions .
If we run 1,000 tests , we would still only have 0.001 % coverage of the application .
Thankfully , statistics can help us make statements about our quality levels .
But we can't use " coverage " as our key measurement of quality .
We have to think about things a little bit differently .
What we want to do is express a level of confidence about a level of quality .
We need to determine the sample size , or number of tests , that we need to run to make a statistical statement about the quality of the application .
First we define a quality goal–we want to assure that our software is 99 % bug free .
That means that up to 1 % of the user sessions would exhibit a bug .
To be 100 % confident that this statement is true , we would need to test at least 99 % of the possible user sessions , or over 990,000 tests .
By adding a level of confidence to our analysis , we can use sampling ( selecting a subset of the whole , and extrapolating those results as being characteristic of the whole ) to describe the quality of our software .
We will leverage the mathematical work that has been developed to determine how to run polls .
We define our goal to be that we have 99 % confidence that the software is 99 % bug free .
The 99 % level of confidence means that if we ran our sample repeatedly , 99 % of the time , the results would be within the margin of error .
Since our goal is 99 % bug free code , we will test for 100 % passing of tests , with a 1 % margin of error .
How many samples do we need , if there are one million combinations , to identify the level of quality with a 99 % confidence , and a 1 % margin of error ?
The math for this is readily available , and calculators for determining sample size are online and free .
Using this polling approach , we find that the number of samples we require to determine the quality level with a 1 % error and 99 % confidence is 16,369 .
If we test 16,369 user sessions and find 100 % success , we have established a 99 % confidence that our quality is at least at a 99 % level .
We only have 99 % quality , because we have found 100 % quality in our tests , with a 1 % margin of error .
This approach scales for very large numbers of combinations .
Consider the following table , where our goal is to establish 99 % confidence in a 99 % quality level .
Each row in the following table represents an increasingly complex software application .
Complexity is defined as the number of unique combinations of possible inputs ) .
We can see that the very few additional tests have to be run to achieve the same level of quality for increasingly complex software .
When we have a modest quality goal , such as 99/99 ( 99 % confidence in 99 % quality ) , this approach is very effective .
Where this approach does n't scale well is with increasing levels of quality .
Consider the quest for " five nines " ( 99.999 % bug free code ) .
With each increase in the desired level of quality , the number of tests we have to run grows .
It quickly becomes an almost exhaustive test suite .
Each row in the following table represents an increasingly stringent quality requirement , with the complexity of the software staying constant at one million possible input combinations .
The random sampling approach does not provide a benefit over exhaustive testing when our quality goals are high .
Pairwise Testing of Input Variables
Studies have shown that bugs in software tend to be the results of the combination of variables , not individual variables .
This passes our " gut- check " since we know that conscientious developers will test their code .
What slips through the cracks is overlooked combinations of inputs , not individual inputs .
Consider a very simple laptop configuration page , having three selectable controls : CPU , Memory , and Storage .
Each control has three possible values as shown in the table below .
We successfully pass tests of each of the different values available in the CPU control .
However , we discover that our test fails if the user selects a CPU value of " Consumer " and selects a Storage value of " Huge " .
This highlights an unknown dependency between the CPI and Storage controls .
Pair - wise testing is designed to get coverage of every possible combination of two variables , without testing every possible combination of all the variables .
For this example , there are 27 unique combinations of all of the selections .
The following table shows the first 9 combinations .
An additional 9 combinations are needed for each of the other CPU selections .
Exhaustive pair - wise testing will make sure that every unique combination of any two variables will be covered .
The next table shows the combinations for this example .
With just 9 tests , we are able to exhaustively cover every unique pair of CPU and Memory , CPU and Storage , and Memory and Storage .
Pair - wise testing allows us to get full coverage of the combinations of every two variables , with a minimal number of tests .
Pair - wise testing not only gives us full coverage of every pair of values , it also gives us ( redundant ) coverage of every single value for each control .
If we look back at our previous examples of laptop - configuration , we can calculate the numbers of tests required to get full pair - wise coverage .
For the entry level laptop configurator , there are 32,256 possible unique combinations of inputs .
We can test every unique combination of two variables with 31 tests .
For the high - end laptop configurator , there are 2,322,432 unique combinations of inputs .
We can test every unique combination of two variables with 36 tests .
N-wise Testing
The concept of pair - wise testing can be extended to N - wise testing –looking at every combination of N possible inputs .
This is a simple extension of the idea behind pairwise testing .
Good developers will catch the bugs caused by the combination of two variables .
Even the best developers will overlook the three - variable ( or four or more variable ) combinations .
The following table shows how many tests are required to get full coverage of each N - wise combination of inputs for both the low - end and high - end laptops configurators .
This is a much more manageable situation .
Exhaustive coverage required us to use 2.3 million tests , where using N - wise testing with N=3 , yields only 179 tests !
Existing studies have consistently shown that N=3 creates on the order of 90 % code coverage with test suites , although the number will vary from application to application .
We will use N=3 , based on practical experience that N=4 tests rarely uncover bugs that were missed with N=3 .
This approach only works when users are forced to enter values in a proscribed sequence and in cases where the sequence of entry is irrelevant .
This set of tests wo n't give us representative coverage of what the users will do when they are allowed to make selections in arbitrary but relevant order .
If order does n't matter for us ( for example , most API signatures have a fixed order , and many websites will process multiple inputs in a batch ) , then we have our desired methodology .
Order Relevance and Statistical Testing
There 's been an assumption implicit in all of our calculations so far : that the order of selection in the controls is irrelevant .
The available N - wise test calculation tools do not incorporate order of selection in their permutations –explicitly , they assume a fixed order of operations .
When we test an API we have control over the order of processing –there are a fixed number of arguments , in a fixed order .
People , however , do not always interact with the controls in a fixed order .
And web service architectures may not be able to depend upon a predetermined sequence of events .
With 5 controls in an interface , we have 5 ! ( factorial ) or 120 possible sequences in which selections can be made by a person .
Although the user interface may incorporate dynamic filtering that prevents some subsets of out - of - sequence selection , N - wise testing is blackbox testing , and will not have access to that information .
For an interface with M possible controls , each script created by an N - wise test generator will have to be tested in M! sequences to get exhaustive coverage .
If the controls are split across multiple screens , then we can reduce the number of sequences .
For example , if there are 5 controls on the first screen , and five controls on the next screen , instead of considering 10 ! ( 3.6 million sequences ) , we can consider all first - screen - sequences in combination with all second - screen sequences ( 5 ! * 5 ! = 120 * 120 = 14,400 script sequences ) .
In our example laptop configurators , there are 11 and 13 controls ( all on the same page ) for the low - end and high - end laptops respectively .
This would imply 11 ! and 13 !
possible sequences ( 40 million and 6 billion ) .
We do not need to do exhaustive coverage of the sequencing permutations .
An N - wise test is specifically analyzing the interdependence of any combination of N controls .
As a lower - bound , we would only need N! sequences for each generated script .
So our 179 - script suite for the high - end laptop ( with N=3 ) would need 3 !
( 6 ) * 179 = 1,074 scripts to cover the product .
Here 's the table for the lower - bound of scripts required to account for different values of N for both laptop - configurators .
This is a lower bound , because it assumes a perfect efficiency in combining unique sequences of each group of N controls .
Existing N - wise testing tools do not ( to the author 's knowledge ) take order of operations into account .
For N=2 , this is trivial–just duplicate the set of tests , in the exact reverse order .
We can take order of operations into account by treating the sequence as an additional input .
We use the mathematical formula " X choose Y " which tells us the number of different combinations of Y values from a set of X values .
The formula for calculating " X choose Y " is X !/( Y !*( X - Y ) ! ) where X is the number of inputs and Y is the dimension of the desired N - wise test .
Here 's the table of the number of combinations for each N , for both the low - end and high - end laptop configuration screens we 've been discussing .
Here are the values , generally , for varying numbers of inputs .
We would then calculate the N - wise testing using a value of N+1 as an input to the test - generation tool , and include the number of unique sequences as if it were a control input .
Unfortunately , we do n't have a solver capable of handling single dimensions larger than 52 .
This limits our ability to create a test suite for N=3 to a maximum of 7 controls .
To show the impact of sequencing on the test suite , consider an interface with 7 controls , each having 5 possible values .
N=3 would require 236 tests if order is irrelevant .
We then include sequence of selection as a parameter ( by adding an 8th control with 35 possible values , and testing for N=4 ) ,
In this case , N=3 ( with sequencing ) requires 8,442 scripts .
Our theoretical lower bound would be 236 * 35 = 8260 .
How to Make it Even Better
When we do n't know anything , or do n't apply any knowledge about our application to our testing strategy , we end up with far too many tests .
By applying knowledge of the application to our test design we can greatly reduce the size of our test suite .
Tests that incorporate knowledge of the application being tested are known as whitebox tests .
Map out the control dependencies
In our previous examples , we applied no knowledge of the interactions of controls , or the interactions within the program of having made selections in the controls .
If we consider a visual map of the controls and their possible relationships , it would look like the following diagram .
There is a possibly - relevant connection between the selections in every pair of controls .
We have designed our testing around the lack of knowledge that is clearly visible in the diagram .
It is likely that we can rule out some of the dependencies , but possibly not all of them .
Our approach should be conservative ; only remove those dependencies that we know do n't exist .
This knowledge comes from an understanding of the underlying application .
Once we remove these links the diagram will look like this :
This clarified mapping allows us to reduce the size of our test suite dramatically , because we 've identified the independence of many controls .
In an ideal case , the result will be two or more completely disconnected graphs , and we can build a set of tests for our suite around each separate graph .
As the diagram above shows , we do not have two completely independent graphs .
We can take a testing approach as shown in the following diagram :
We 've grouped all of the controls on the left in a blue box .
These controls will be used with the N - wise generation tool to create a set of tests .
The grouping of controls on the right will also be used to generate a set of tests .
In this example , we reduce the number of tests required by a significant amount when order matters .
Also note that we increase the number of tests required when order does n't matter , if we have any overlapping controls ( if the graphs can't be separated ) .
When the graphs can be separated , this reduces the amount of testing even if order is irrelevant .
The key to separating the graphs is to make sure that all controls only connect to other controls within their region ( including the overlapping region ) .
Eliminate Equivalent Values from the Inputs
When we know how the code is implemented , or have insights into the requirements , we can further reduce the scope of testing by eliminating equivalent values .
Consider the following example requirements for an application :
The next table shows two variables that we are evaluating in our testing–imagine that they are controls in a user interface ( or values imported from an external system ) .
If we did a pairwise test suite without knowledge of the requirements , we would have 18 tests to evaluate .
We get 18 tests by finding all of the unique combinations of the two controls ( 6 order - quantity values * 3 account status values = 18 combinations ) .
However , with knowledge of the requirements , we can identify that some of the values are equivalent .
The highlighted regions represent equivalent values ( with respect to the requirements ) .
Which we can collapse for testing purposes into :
This consolidation of equivalent values reduces the number of tests we need to run .
For our simple pairwise test , we reduce the number from 18 to 12 .
The number is reduced because now we have 4 order - quantity values * 3 account status values = 12 combinations .
When there are more controls involved , and when we are doing N - wise testing with N=3 , the impact is much more significant .
Conclusion
When we 're testing any software , we are faced with the tradeoff of cost and benefit of testing .
With complex software , the costs of testing can grow faster than the benefits of testing .
If we apply techniques like the ones in this article , we can dramatically reduce the cost of testing our software .
This is what we mean when we say test smarter , not harder .
Summarizing the techniques covered in this article :
We can test very complex software without doing exhaustive testing .
Random sampling is a common technique , but falls short of high quality goals–very good quality requires very high quantities of tests .
Pairwise testing allows us to test very complex software with a small number of tests , and reasonable ( on the order of 90 % ) code coverage .
This also falls short of high - quality goals , but is very effective for lower expectations .
N - wise testing with N=3 provides high quality capable test suites , but at the expense of larger suites .
When the order of inputs into the software matters , N - wise approaches become limited in the number of variables they can support ( fewer than 10 ) , due to limitations of test - generation tools available today .
We can apply knowledge of the underlying software and requirements to improve our testing strategy .
None of the previous techniques require knowledge of the application , and thus rely on brute force to assure coverage .
This approach results in conceptually redundant tests in the suite .
By mapping out the grid of interdependency between inputs and subdividing the testing into multiple areas we reduce the number of tests in our suite .
By removing redundant or equivalent values from the test suite we also reduce the number of tests required to achieve high quality .
Testing smarter , not harder .
###
Continued Reading
The following articles from the author 's Tyner Blain blog were referenced in this article .
Software Testing Series : Measuring the Cost of Quality
Definition of Expected Value
Software Testing Series : Pairwise Testing
Foundation Series : Black Box and White Box Software Testing
Software Testing Series : Black Box vs White Box Testing
Patient 's survival bad for business By Deborah Feyerick
CNN
M. Smith , who asked CNN to shield her identity , tells Deborah Feyerick about the battle over her insurance premiums .
RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS AIDS ( Disease ) Health Insurance or or Create Your Own PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- When M. Smith learned she had AIDS in the early 1990's , she figured it was a death sentence .
" It was mind - numbing , " Smith says .
She was 35 , healthy , and never suspected that an ex-boyfriend , who died years earlier of AIDS related complications , had infected her .
Smith , who also had cancer at the time , says her prognosis gave her less than two years to live .
So , she started to get her affairs in order .
One day , flipping through a magazine for HIV - positive people , Smith , who asked we shield her identity , saw an ad offering to buy her $ 150,000 life insurance policy .
Smith had no children and no husband .
According to the contract she signed , the company , Life Partners , would pay her $ 90,000 up front , and cover her combined life and health insurance premiums if she lived longer than two years .
When she died , the company would collect the full value of the policy , potentially a windfall profit of more than 60 percent , depending on when Smith died .
That was 12 years ago .
Smith is still alive , and the company has paid out $ 100,000 in premiums , according to Smith 's attorneys .
But Smith and her lawyers also claim that over the years , Life Partners has been trying to get out of its contract , claiming Smith should pay her own health premiums and at one point sending a letter saying , " The investors ... are no longer willing to support the cost of your health insurance . "
In a letter to Smith this past August , the day her premium was due , Life Partners demanded she pay the money herself .
Because Smith just turned 50 , her health premiums jumped to $ 29,000 a year , money the self - employed woman does not have .
Without that insurance , she says she will not be able to afford the pricey AIDS medicines keeping her alive .
Smith 's lawyer , Jacob Cohn says , what Life Partners is trying to do is " the moral equivalent of trying to tie her to the railroad tracks . "
He is fighting to force the company to guarantee annual payment , or to put aside a lump sum so she can pay the premiums herself .
Life Partners would not speak to CNN , referring us to court documents .
The company president recently signed an affidavit saying the company would pay Smith 's health insurance premiums , admitting there was a " contractual obligation " to do so .
Smith 's lawyer says he's wary because in the past Life Partners has threatened to abandon the contract and let the policy lapse .
Smith says those threats jeopardize her piece of mind and undermine her efforts to stay healthy .
Although she was treated for AIDS - related cancer more than a dozen years ago , she has not had any other opportunistic infections or been hospitalized because of her condition .
While there is no cure for AIDS , the new medications are extremely effective at staving off disease .
Ronda Goldfein of the AIDS Law Project in Pennsylvania said companies like Life Partners never considered the possibility AIDS might not be a sure bet .
" In the early '90 's people were dying .
They 'd get diagnosed , there was n't any good treatment and they would die .
And all of a sudden in the midst of all that ... there 's this revolution in AIDS care and people are living longer . "
According to court filings , Life Partners is starting to pay out hundreds of thousands of dollars on contracts they negotiated prior to 1998 , money that 's likely to cut into investor profits .
As for M. Smith , the man who infected her died 20 years ago .
She 's still going strong .
And what if she lives to 70 ?
" It 's a great thing , " she says , " a great thing . "
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Area of Practice Divorce Family Law Criminal Law Bankruptcy Immigration Real Estate Personal Injury Medical Malpractice Wills and Probate Employment Law Business Law Civil Rights Child Custody Intellectual Property Automobile Accidents General Practice Other
City : State AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VT WA WI WV WY --- AB BC MB NB NF NS NW ON PE QU SK YT
I recently spent time in Ireland , which has quietly become the second - richest country in the E.U. , first by going through some severe belt - tightening that meant everyone had to sacrifice , then by following that with a plan to upgrade the education of its entire work force , and a strategy to recruit and induce as many global high - tech companies and researchers as possible to locate in Ireland .
The Irish have a plan .
They are focused .
They have mobilized business , labor and government around a common agenda .
They are playing offense .
Would n't you think that if you were president , after you 'd read the umpteenth story about premier U.S. companies , like Intel and Apple , building their newest factories , and even research facilities , in China , India or Ireland , that you 'd summon the top U.S. business leaders to Washington to ask them just one question : " What do we have to do so you will keep your best jobs here ?
Make me a list and I will not rest until I get it enacted . "
And if you were president , and you had just seen more suicide bombs in London , would n't you say to your aides : " We have got to reduce our dependence on Middle East oil .
We have to do it for our national security .
We have to do it because only if we bring down the price of crude will these countries be forced to reform .
And we should want to do it because it is clear that green energy solutions are the wave of the future , and the more quickly we impose a stringent green agenda on ourselves , the more our companies will lead innovation in these technologies . "
Instead , we are about to pass an energy bill that , while it does contain some good provisions , will make no real dent in our gasoline consumption , largely because no one wants to demand that Detroit build cars that get much better mileage .
We are just feeding Detroit the rope to hang itself .
It 's assisted suicide .
I thought people went to jail for that ?
And if you were president , would you really say to the nation , in the face of the chaos in Iraq , that " if our commanders on the ground say we need more troops , I will send them , " but that they had not asked ?
It is not what the generals are asking you , Mr. President -- it is what you are asking them , namely : " What do you need to win ? "
Because it is clear we are not winning , and we are not winning because we have never made Iraq a secure place where normal politics could emerge .
Glaeser first began to think about how real estate fit into this urban order a few years ago , after he spent some time looking at the effects of skills and sprawl on cities .
While Glaeser seems able to turn out academic papers at an astonishing pace -- he almost always writes at home , so he can smoke cigars while he types -- it sometimes takes years for him and his collaborators to assemble the data and equations used to support his ideas .
In addition to his urban research , Glaeser has written on voting behavior , hatred , poverty and public health ; a few years ago , with David Cutler , he wrote a widely discussed paper that looked at why Americans are becoming so obese .
( They attributed it partly to the microwave oven . )
Yet urban subjects have consumed most of Glaeser 's time and attention .
In the late 1990's , he began thinking less about incorporeal forces like human capital and consumerism and more about the physical nature of places -- buildings , roads , buses -- and what kind of effect that had on a metropolitan area .
In 2000 , Glaeser took a sabbatical from Harvard and began to spend a few days a week in Philadelphia working with Joseph Gyourko , a real - estate economist at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania .
Glaeser had already been thinking about the relationship between housing and urban poverty when one day he and Gyourko began to discuss why cities like Philadelphia and Detroit -- places with poor future prospects , both economists believed -- were n't doing even worse in terms of population .
Why did n't everyone leave , Gyourko wondered , and go to a place like Charlotte , N.C. , that had a fast - growing economy ?
This question addresses a puzzle of urban economics .
Cities ( think of Las Vegas or Phoenix ) can grow at a very fast rate , exploding overnight with businesses and residents .
Some can increase in population by 50 or even 60 percent in a decade .
But cities lose their residents very slowly and almost never at a pace of more than 10 percent in a decade .
What 's more , when cities grow , they expand significantly in population , but housing prices tend to rise slowly ; even as Las Vegas grew by leaps and bounds in the 1990's , for instance , the average home there cost well under $ 200,000 .
When cities decline , however , the trends get flipped around .
Population diminishes slowly , but housing prices tend to drop markedly .
Glaeser and Gyourko determined that the durable nature of housing itself explains this phenomenon .
People can flee , but houses can take a century or more to finally fall to pieces .
" These places still exist , " Glaeser says of Detroit and St. Louis , " because the housing is permanent .
And if you want to understand why they 're poor , it 's actually also in part because the housing is permanent . "
For Glaeser , this is the story not only of these two places but also of Buffalo , Baltimore , Cleveland , Philadelphia and Pittsburgh -- the powerhouse cities of America in 1950 that consistently and inexorably lost population over the next 50 years .
It is not just that there were poor people and the jobs left and the poor people were stuck there .
" Thousands of poor come to Detroit each year and live in places that are cheaper than any other place to live in part because they 've got durable housing still around , " Glaeser says .
The net population of Detroit usually decreases each year , in other words , but the city still attracts plenty of people drawn by its extreme affordability .
As Gyourko points out , in the year 2000 the median house price in Philadelphia was $ 59,700 ; in Detroit , it was $ 63,600 .
Those prices are well below the actual construction costs of the homes .
" To build them new , it would cost at least $ 80,000 , " Gyourko says , " so there 's no builder who would build those today .
And as long as those houses remain , the people remain . "
The resulting paper , " Urban Decline and Durable Housing , " caused a stir among urban economists even before its publication last year .
( It was initially circulated with a subtitle along the lines of " Why Does Anyone Still Live in Detroit ? " until the authors , thinking it politically insensitive , removed it . )
In addition to illuminating some of the forces shaping our poorest cities , the research proved to Glaeser that it is impossible to think about urban economies without thinking of urban buildings at the same time .
Meanwhile , it demonstrated to him how useful it can be to consider the relationship between actual construction costs and the market price of homes .
That lesson seemed to apply not only to declining cities but also to places with extraordinary price appreciation , like the San Francisco or Boston metro areas .
How could homes in these places be priced so much higher than construction costs ?
And why did the prices keep going up ?
Glaeser has come to believe that changes in zoning regulations may be the most important transformation in the American real - estate market since the mass acceptance of the automobile .
In his view , these regulations have essentially created a " zoning tax " that has pushed prices far above construction costs .
Very , very far above construction costs .
It is not a perspective shared by all housing analysts ; some economists have been far more inclined to blame high prices on high demand ( spurred by low interest rates ) or on rampant speculation .
Others agree with Glaeser in emphasizing supply but not necessarily fixing on zoning .
Karl Case , for instance , an economist at Wellesley College who counts himself a fan of Glaeser 's , agrees that lack of supply has led to steep prices in the Boston area , but he attributes the housing shortage not just to zoning but also to the nature of the construction business and the scarcity of large desirable tracts of land .
Still , among the half - dozen leading economists who study housing supply , there seems to be wide agreement that regulations have had a tremendous effect on prices .
" I think the evidence is overwhelming , " says John Quigley , an urban economist at Berkeley who has looked specifically at the effects of regulation on the California market .
As Glaeser says : " It 's so easy to forget the world that we were living in around 1970 , when basically almost all of the value of houses was in the physical infrastructure .
That was actually the cost .
There was some land , and it was worth something , but it was n't worth more than 20 percent of the value of the house . "
Even in New York City , Glaeser says , the price of an apartment back then was essentially the cost of building the next floor .
In researching New York City 's housing prices , in fact , Glaeser and Gyourko discovered that over the past 30 years , the average height of new residential buildings in Manhattan decreased in size .
" That 's crazy , " he insists , especially in light of how much the demand to live in New York has increased .
" You know , if prices in Manhattan are skyrocketing , you should be building more and more at 50 stories , rather than at 30 .
Not the reverse . "
So is it his contention that Manhattan could build far more than it has recently ?
" Oh , for sure , " he says .
" Technologically ?
Certainly .
No reason why you could n't . "
Let 's go back to Manhattan in the 1920's , Glaeser says .
" New York in the 1920's is a pretty developed place , a pretty mature place .
But they 're producing a hundred thousand units a year .
They 're tearing up swaths of Manhattan and building higher buildings . "
That would be legally and politically impossible today , but as he and Gyourko see things , it is precisely those legal and political roadblocks to " tearing up " the city that have made the place so expensive .
Actually , in 2004 , the two men took a close look at Manhattan and estimated that one half or more of the value of condominiums in the borough could be thought of as arising from some type of regulatory constraint preventing the construction of new housing .
The data for co-ops ( because of their ownership structure ) was more difficult to interpret , but Glaeser and Gyourko suspect that their estimates probably apply to the Manhattan market as a whole .
THERE ARE stories you wo n’t see , hear or read today .
The employment rate is 95.1 % .
About 29,564 domestic flights took off and landed without incident .
Four million Iraqi children got safely to school .
Meanwhile , their parents shopped , drove to work or otherwise went about their daily routines , mostly -- overwhelmingly -- without getting assassinated .
A pointless exercise in Pollyannaish thinking ?
Hardly .
The foregoing has major implications for how we get our news , what we conclude from it and our perceptions of life itself .
In its most elementary sense , after all , newsworthiness is built on a foundation of anomaly -- the classic “ man bites dog ” paradigm .
( A second newsroom aphorism : “ Nobody writes about the planes that land . ” )
Though that sounds common - sensical enough , few of us pause to think about the upshot of such truisms .
That is , what you see each day on television , read about in the newspaper or hear during those 22 - minute segments in which all - news radio stations promise to deliver “ your world ” is not , in fact , your world .
Rather , it is the negative image of your world .
Put another way , the news provides you with a high - resolution snapshot of what life is n’t .
The average person seldom regards his daily dose of news in this manner .
Despite any conscious awareness of “ man bites dog , ” we internalize what we see , hear and read .
TV imagery , in particular , is bound to have a strong visceral effect .
If what we are shown is a tireless parade of the dour , dismal and deadly , we ca n’t help but be affected by it .
We conclude that the world is a pretty ugly place .
Advertisement
Worse , however , is that contemporary journalists do n’t just leave such unfounded inferences to chance .
They encourage them by going to great lengths to distance themselves from their craft ’s “ man bites dog ” heritage .
To admit that what they ’re presenting is for the most part marginalia would deflate the media ’s relevance in an environment in which reporters and commentators view themselves as latter - day shamans and oracles ( the worst offenders being the high - profile TV journalists ) .
It follows that today ’s news often miscasts “ man bites dog ” as “ dog bites man . ”
In an effort to heighten the import of what they report , journalists reverse the bargain with their audiences , as if to imply that all planes crash ( or are about to ) , that all soldiers are killed in Iraq ( or soon will be ) , that all corporate executives are unprincipled ( but simply have n’t been caught yet ) .
The overselling of discrete facts -- today ’s breathless endeavor to build major “ trend stories ” out of random events , statistics and quotes -- serves up a circumstantial stew made of a spicy anecdote or two , and maybe a minor research study , liberally seasoned with the assertions of a compliant expert ( who probably has a vested interest in the form of a book he ’s hawking ) .
It ’s intellectually dishonest .
Though the fallout from this “ trendification ” is everywhere , the following are just a few examples from health and medicine , where the effect may be most visible .
Advertisement
In the early 1990s , a smattering of HIV cases appeared among individuals not then assigned to any known risk group ; suddenly AIDS was moving into the general population .
( It did n’t , and has n’t , and likely never will , at least in the United States . )
Despite a decade of media - inflamed mad cow hysteria , the government reports just two infected animals in the nation and not a single documented death among U.S. - born citizens .
And now there ’s bird flu .
Trendification also has weakened whole industries ; certainly it has savaged individual companies .
Dow Corning Corp. is a good example .
Jumping off from a smattering of human interest stories , media outlets damned silicone breast implants and ultimately helped plaintiffs win a $ 4.25 - billion class -action settlement .
Subsequent research ( which received little publicity ) suggested that journalists were hasty , even reckless , in associating the implants with everything from nerve disease to cancer .
The revisionism came a bit late for Dow Corning , which was forced into bankruptcy .
And the beat goes on .
The TV newsmagazine “ Dateline NBC ” recently elected to cover gastric bypass , a procedure with a survival rate of 99 % , in terms of the other 1 % : a single young man who died .
In the end , today ’s media communicate two contradictory messages :
What they put before you ( a ) is exceptional , under the “ man bites dog ” rule , and ( b ) captures the zeitgeist .
They can not simultaneously argue both .
Advertisement
My advice would be to defer worrying about whatever the TV shows are hyping until you begin seeing unending waves of good news .
That ’s when you ’ll know that the world is indeed a mess .
In the meantime , the worse the news , the better you should feel about life .
DIGG THIS
She looked like the perfect victim .
Last Friday , 56 - year - old Margaret Johnson was leaving her building in her wheelchair .
Except for her small dog , she was alone and did n’t see the criminal attack her from behind .
Having suffered bruises to her neck and arm , a friend of Johnson ’s said , " She was scared for her life .
She ’s devastated . "
But this attack ended differently than most crimes in New York City .
As her attacker grabbed her " violently " and " choked " her , Johnson pulled out a handgun and shot once , hitting the criminal in the elbow .
Johnson was fortunate that she was able to defend herself .
The city obviously was n’t there to protect Johnson .
A police officer could have handled it , but cops ca n’t be everywhere , and they virtually always arrive after a crime has occurred .
Nor does it appear that the city was doing a particularly good job of keeping the criminal off the street to begin with .
Johnson ’s attacker had been previously arrested nine times , primarily for the violent crime of robbery , and he had served time in prison for selling illegal substances .
One can only wonder how many times he was never caught .
Even worse , if Mayor Bloomberg would have enforced New York City ’s gun-control laws , it ’s Johnson who would be in jail .
Her license only allows her to carry a handgun that is unloaded and in a locked container to and from a firearms range .
With an attacker choking her , there is no way she could have unlocked and loaded her gun .
Ironically , just last week Bloomberg went to Washington , D.C. , and lashed out at those who failed to stop people who " possess a gun illegally . "
What would Bloomberg recommend Johnson have done , had she sought to follow the law ?
Bloomberg might want to keep in mind Johnson ’s case in his lawsuits against gun dealers .
The suits mention only the harm and none of the possible benefits from people owning guns to protect themselves .
Considering how others benefit from guns goes against every reflex Bloomberg has .
Even after a City Council member was killed at City Hall a few years ago , Bloomberg questioned why the murdered councilman , James Davis , would want to carry a gun .
Davis , a retired police officer , had a permit to carry a gun , but Bloomberg found it very troubling : " I do n’t know why people carry guns , " the mayor said .
" Guns kill people . "
Bloomberg ’s crime - fighting solution was then to ban off - duty and former cops from carrying guns in City Hall .
But the criminal was not an officer .
Such bans have only one possible outcome : Criminals have less to worry about ; in these " gun- free zones , " fewer people can act to defend themselves and others .
Coincidentally , last week the New York State Rifle and Pistol Association announced its quixotic plan to push for right - to - carry concealed - handgun laws in the state .
Some 40 other states already allow people to carry concealed handguns once they pass a criminal background check and meet age and some training requirements .
Some 600,000 people have concealed - handgun permits just in New York ’s neighboring state , Pennsylvania .
The Brady Campaign , the gun-control advocacy group , last week responded to a call for a right - to - carry law by saying : " Oh yeah , that ’s going to happen — when hell freezes over . "
Too bad .
It would be nice if the Margaret Johnsons of New York were able to defend themselves legally .
The Best of John Lott
The organizers of OLS were kind enough to allow me the opportunity to speak this year as the closing keynote speaker .
Here 's the slides and text of my talk ( well , the text is what I intended to say , the actual words that came out probably sounded a bit different . )
If you want to link directly to this talk , please use this link .
Myths , Lies , and Truths about the Linux kernel
Hi , as Dave said , I 'm Greg , and I 've been given the time by the people at OLS to talk to you for a bit about kernel stuff .
I 'm going to discuss the a number of different lies that people always say about the kernel and try to debunk them ; go over a few truths that are n't commonly known , and discuss some myths that I hear repeated a lot .
Now when I mean a myth , I 'm referring to something that was believed to have some truth to them , but when you really examine them , they are fictional .
Let 's call them the " urban myths " of the Linux kernel .
So , to start , let 's look at a very common myth that really annoys me a lot :
Now I know that almost everyone involved in Linux has heard something like this in the past .
About how Linux lacks device support , or really needs to support more hardware , or how we are lagging in the whole area of drivers .
I 've seen almost this same kind of quote from someone at OSDL a few months back , in my local paper , and it 's extreme annoying .
This is really a myth , so people should really know better these days about saying this .
So , who said this specific quote ? :
Ick .
Ok , well , he probably said this a long time ago , back when Linux really did n't support many different things , and when " Plug & Play " was a big deal with ISA buses and stuff :
Ugh .
Ok , so maybe I need to spend some time and really debunk this myth as it really is n't true anymore .
So , what is the fact concerning Linux and devices these days .
It 's this :
Yes , that 's right , we support more things than anyone else .
And more than anyone else ever has in the past .
Linux has a very long list of things that we have supported before anyone else ever did .
That includes such things as :
USB 2.0
Bluetooth
PCI Hotplug
CPU Hotplug
memory Hotplug ( ok , some of the older Unixes did support CPU and memory hotplug in the past , but no desktop OS still supports this . )
wireless USB
ExpressCard
and the list can go on , the embedded arena is especially full of drivers that no one else supports .
But there 's a real big part of the whole hardware support issue that goes beyond just specific drivers , and that 's this :
Yes , we passed the NetBSD people a few years ago in the number of different processor families and types that we support now .
No other " major " operating system even comes remotely close in platform support for what we have in Linux .
Linux now runs in everything from a cellphone , to a radio controlled helicopter , your desktop , a server on the internet , on up to a huge 73 % of the TOP500 largest supercomputers in the world .
And remember , almost every different driver that we support , runs on every one of those different platforms .
This is something that no one else has ever done in the history of computing .
It 's just amazing at how flexible and how powerful Linux is this way .
We now have the most scalable and most supported operating system that has ever been created .
We have achieved something that is so unique and different and flexible that for people to keep repeating the " Linux does n't support hardware " myth , is something that everyone needs to stop repeating .
As it simply is n't true anymore .
Now , to be fair to Jeff Jaffe , when he said that original quote , he had just become the CTO of Novell , and did n't really have much recent experience with Linux , and did not realize the real state of device support that the modern distros now provide .
Look at the latest versions of Fedora , SuSE , Ubuntu and others .
Installation is a complete breeze ( way easier than any other operating system installation ) .
You can now plug a new device in and the correct driver is automatically loaded , no need to hunt for a driver disk somewhere , and you are up and running with no need to even reboot .
An example of this , I recently plugged a new USB printer into my laptop , and a dialog box popped up and asked me if I wanted to print a test page on it .
That 's it , nothing else .
If that is n't " plug and play " , I really do n't know what is .
But not everyone has been ignoring the success of Linux , as is obvious by the size of this conference .
Lots of people see Linux and want to use it for their needs , but when they start looking deeper into the kernel , and how it is developed almost the first thing they run into is the total lack of a plan :
This lots of people absolutely crazy all the time .
You see questions like " Linux has no roadmap so how can I create a product with it " , and " How does anyone get anything done since no one is directing anyone " , and other things like this .
Well , obviously based on the fact that we are successful at doing something that 's never been done before , we must have got here somehow , and be doing something right , but what is it ?
Traditionally software is created by determining the requirements for it , writing up a big specification document , reviewing it and getting everyone to agree on it , implement the spec , test it , and so on .
In college they teach software engineering methodology like the waterfall method , the iterative process method , formal proof methods , and others .
Then there 's the new ways of creating programs like extreme programming and top - down design , and so on .
So , what do we do here in the kernel ?
Dr. Baba studies how businesses work and came to this conclusion after researching how the open source community works and specifically how the Linux kernel is developed and managed .
I guess it makes sense that since we have now created something that has never been done before , we did it by doing something different than anyone else .
So , what is it ?
How is the kernel designed and created ?
Linus answered this question last year when he said the following to a group of companies when he was asked to explain the kernel design process :
This is a really important point that a lot of people do n't seem to understand .
Actually , I think they understand it , they just really do n't like it .
The kernel is not developed with big design documents , feature requests and so on .
It evolves over time based on the need at the moment for it .
When it first started out , it only supported one type of processor , as that 's all it needed to .
Later , a second architecture was added , and then more and more as time went on .
And each time we added a new architecture , the developers figured out only what was needed to support that specific architecture , and did the work for that .
They did n't do the work in the very beginning to allow for the incredible flexibility of different processor types that we have now , as they did n't know what was going to be needed .
The kernel only changes when it needs to , in ways that it needs to change .
It has been scaled down to tiny little processors when that need came about , and was scaled way up when other people wanted to do that .
And every time that happened , the code was merged back into the tree to let everyone else benefit from the changes , as that 's the license that the kernel is released under .
Jonathan on the first day of the conference showed you the huge rate of change that the kernel is under .
Tons of new features are added at a gigantic rate , along with bug fixes and other things like cleanups .
This shows how fast the kernel is still evolving , almost 15 years after it was created .
It 's morphed into this thing that is very adaptable and looks almost nothing like what it was even a few years ago .
And that 's the big reason why Linux is so successful , and why it will keep being successful .
It 's because we embrace change , and love it , and welcome it .
But one " problem " for a lot of people is that due to this constantly evolving state , the Linux kernel does n't provide some things that " traditional " operating systems do .
Things like an in - kernel stable API .
Everyone has heard this one before :
For those of you who do n't know what an API is , it is the description of how the kernel talks within itself to get things done .
It describes things like what the specific functions are that are needed to do a specific task , and how those functions are called .
For Linux , we do n't have a stable internal api , and for people to wish that we would have one is just foolish .
Almost two years ago , the kernel developers sat down and wrote why Linux does n't have an in - kernel stable API and published it within the kernel in the file :
If you have any questions please go read this file .
It explains why Linux does n't have a stable in - kernel api , and why it never will .
It all goes back to the evolution thing .
If we were to freeze how the kernel works internally , we would not be able to evolve in ways that we need to do so .
Here 's an example that shows how this all works .
The Linux USB code has been rewritten at least three times .
We 've done this over time in order to handle things that we did n't originally need to handle , like high speed devices , and just because we learned the problems of our first design , and to fix bugs and security issues .
Each time we made changes in our api , we updated all of the kernel drivers that used the apis , so nothing would break .
And we deleted the old functions as they were no longer needed , and did things wrong .
Because of this , Linux now has the fastest USB bus speeds when you test out all of the different operating systems .
We max out the hardware as fast as it can go , and you can do this from simple userspace programs , no fancy kernel driver work is needed .
Now Windows has also rewritten their USB stack at least 3 times , with Vista , it might be 4 times , I have n't taken a look at it yet .
But each time they did a rework , and added new functions and fixed up older ones , they had to keep the old api functions around , as they have taken the stance that they can not break backward compatibility due to their stable API viewpoint .
They also do n't have access to the code in all of the different drivers , so they can't fix them up .
So now the Windows core has all 3 sets of API functions in it , as they can't delete things .
That means they maintain the old functions , and have to keep them in memory all the time , and it takes up engineering time to handle all of this extra complexity .
That 's their business decision to do this , and that 's fine , but with Linux , we did n't make that decision , and it helps us remain a lot smaller , more stable , and more secure .
And by secure , I really mean it .
A lot of times a security problem will be found in one driver , or in one core part of the kernel , and the kernel developers fix it , and then go and fix it up in all other drivers that have the same problem .
Then , when the fix is released , all users of all drivers are now secure .
When other operating systems do n't have all of the drivers in their tree , if they fix a security problem , it 's up to the individual companies to update their drivers and fix the problem too .
And that rarely happens .
So people who buy the device , and then use the older driver that comes in the box with the device , which is insecure .
This has happened a lot recently , and really shows how having a stable api can actually hurt end users , when the original goal was to help developers .
What usually happens after I talk to people about the instability of the kernel api , and how kernel development works , they usually respond with :
This just is not true at all .
We have a whole sub-architecture that only has 2 users in the world out there .
We have drivers that I know have only one user , as there was only one piece of hardware ever made for it .
It just is n't true , we will take drivers for anything into our tree , as we really want it .
We want more drivers , no matter how " obscure " , because it allows us to see patterns in the code , and realize how we could do things better .
If we see a few drivers doing the same thing , we usually take that common code and move it into a shared piece of code , making the individual drivers smaller , and usually fixing things up nicer .
We also have merged entire drivers together because they do almost the same thing .
An example of this is a USB data acquisition driver that we have in the kernel .
There are loads of different USB data acquisition devices out in the world , and one German company send me a driver a while ago to support their devices .
It turns out that I was working on a separate driver for a different company that did much the same thing .
So , we worked together and merged the two together , and we now have a smaller kernel .
That one driver turned out to work for a few other company 's devices too , so they simply had to add their device id to the driver and never had to write any new code to get full Linux support .
The original German company is happy as their devices are fully supported , which is what their customers wanted , and all of the other companies are very happy , as they really did n't have to do any extra work at all .
Everyone wins .
The second thing that people ask me about when it comes to getting code into the kernel is , well , we want to keep our code private , because it is proprietary .
So , here 's the simple answer to this issue :
That 's it , it is very simple .
I 've had the misfortune of talking to a lot of different IP lawyers over the years about this topic , and every one that I 've talked to all agree that there is no way that anyone can create a Linux kernel module , today , that can be closed source .
It just violates the GPL due to fun things like derivative works and linking and other stuff .
Again , it 's very simple .
Now no lawyer will ever come out in public and say this , as lawyer really are n't allowed to make public statements like this at all .
But if you hire one , and talk to them in the client / lawyer setting , they will advise you of this issue .
I 'm not a lawyer , nor do I want to be one , so do n't ask me anything else about this , please .
If you have legal questions about license issues , talk to a lawyer , never bring it up on a public mailing list like linux - kernel , which only has programmers .
To ask programmers to give legal rulings , in public , is the same as asking us for medical advice .
It does n't make sense at all .
But what would happen if one day the Linux kernel developers suddenly decided to let closed source modules into the kernel ?
How would that affect how the kernel works and evolves over time ?
It turns out that Arjan van de Ven has written up a great thought exercise detailing exactly what would happen if this came true :
In his article , which can be found in the linux - kernel archives really easily , he described how only the big distros , Novell and Red Hat , would be able to support any new hardware that came out , but would slowly stagnate as they would not be allowed to change anything that might break the different closed source drivers .
And then , if you loaded more than one closed source module , support for your system would pretty much be impossible .
Even today , this is easily seen if you try to load more than one closed source module into your system , if anything goes wrong , no company will be willing to support your problem .
The article goes on to show how the community based distros , like Gentoo and Debian , would slowly become obsolete and not work on any new hardware platforms , and dry up as no users would be able to use them anymore .
And eventually , in just a few short years , the whole kernel project itself would come to a standstill , unable to innovate or change anything .
It 's a really chilling tale , and quite good , please go look it up if you are interested in this topic .
But there 's one more aspect of the whole closed source module issue that I really want to bring up , and one that most people ignore .
It 's this :
Remember , no one forces anyone to use Linux .
If you do n't want to create a Linux kernel module , you do n't have to .
But if your customers are demanding it , and you decide to do it , you have to play by the rules of the kernel .
It 's that simple .
And the rule of the kernel is the GPL , it 's a simple license , with standard copyright ownership issues , and many lawyers understand it .
When a company says that they need to " protect their intellectual property " , that 's fine , I and no other kernel developer has any objection to that .
But by the same token , you need to respect the kernel developers intellectual property rights .
We released our code under the GPL , which states in very specific form , exactly what your rights are when using this code .
When you link other code into our body of code , you are obligated by the license of the kernel to also release your code under the same license ( when you distribute it . )
When you take the Linux kernel code , and link or build with the header files against it , with your code , and not abide by the well documented license of our code , you are saying that for some reason your code is much more important than the entire rest of the kernel .
In short , you are giving every kernel developer who has ever released their code the finger .
So remember , the individual companies are not more important than the kernel , for without the kernel development community , the companies would have no kernel to use at all .
Andrew Morton stood up here two years ago and called companies who create closed source modules leaches .
I completely agree .
What they do is just totally unethical .
Some companies try to skirt the license of the law on how they redistribute their closed source code , forcing the end user of it to do the building and linking , which then causes them to violate the GPL if they want to give that prebuilt module to anyone else .
These companies are just plain unethical and wrong .
Luckily people are really starting to realize this and the big distros are not accepting this anymore .
Here 's what Novell publicly stated earlier this year :
This means that SuSE 10.1 , and SLES and SLED 10 will not have any closed source kernel modules in it at all .
This is a very good thing .
Red
Hat also includes some text like this in their kernel package , but has n't come out and said such a public statement .
Alright , enough depressing stuff .
After companies realize that the really need to get their code into the kernel tree , they quickly run into one big problem :
This really is n't as tough of a problem as it first looks .
Remember , the rate of change is about 6000 different patches a kernel release , so some one is getting their code into the tree .
So , how to do it .
Luckily , the kernel developers have written down everything that you need to know for how to do kernel development .
It 's all in one file :
Please , point this file out to anyone who has questions on how to do kernel development .
It answers about everything that anyone has ever asked , and points people at other places where the answers can be found .
It talks about how the kernel is developed , how to create a patch , how to find your way around the kernel tree , who to send patches to , what the different kernel trees are all about , and it even lists things you should never say on the linux - kernel mailing list if you expect people to take your code seriously .
It 's a great file , and if you ever have anything that it does n't help you out with , please let the author of that file know and they will work to add it .
It should be the thing that you give to any manager or developer if they want to learn more about how to get their code into the kernel tree .
One thing that the HOWTO file describes , is various communities that can help people out with kernel development .
If you are new to kernel development , there is the :
project .
This is a very good wiki , a very nice and tame mailing list where you can ask basic questions without feeling bad , and there 's also an IRC channel where you can ask questions in realtime to a lot of different kernel developers .
If you are just starting out , please go here , it 's a very good place to learn .
If you really want to start out doing kernel development , but do n't know what to do , the :
project is an excellent place to start .
They keep a long list of different " janitorial " tasks that the kernel developers have said it would be good to have done to the code base .
You can pick from them , and learn the basics of how to create a patch , how to fix your email client to send a proper patch , and then , you get to see your name in the kernel changelog when your patches go in .
I really recommend this project for anyone who wants to start kernel development , but has n't found anything specific to work on yet .
It gets you to search around the kernel tree , fixing up odd things , and by doing that , you will usually find something that interests you that no one else is doing , and you can slowly start to take that portion of the kernel over .
I can't recommend this group enough .
And then , there 's the big huge mailing list , where everyone lives on :
This list gets about 200 emails a day to it , and can be hugely daunting to anyone trying to read it .
Here 's a hint , almost no one , except Andrew Morton , reads all of the emails on it .
The rest of us just use filters , and read the things that interest them .
I really suggest just finding some developers that you know provide interesting commentary , and reading the threads they respond to .
Or just search for subjects that look interesting .
But do n't try to read everything , you 'll just never get any other work done if you do that .
The Linux kernel mailing list also has another kind of perceived problem .
Lots of people can find the reaction of developers on this list as very " harsh " at times .
They post their code , and get back scathing reviews of everything they did wrong .
Usually the reviewers only criticize the code itself , but for most people , this can be a very hard thing to be on the receiving end of .
They just put out what they felt was a perfect thing , only to see it cut into a zillion tiny pieces .
The big problem of this , is we really only have a very small group of people reviewing code in the kernel community .
Reviewing code is a hard , unrewarding , tough thing to do .
It really makes you grumpy and rude in a very short period of time .
I tried it out for a whole week , and at the end of it , I was writing emails like this one :
Other people who review code , are n't even as nice as I was here .
I 'd like to publicly thank Christoph Hellwig and Randy Dunlap .
Both of them spend a lot of time reviewing code on the linux - kernel mailing list , and Christoph especially has a very bad reputation for it .
Bad in that people do n't like his reviews .
But the other kernel developers really do , because he is right .
If he tells you something is wrong , and you need to fix it , do it .
Do n't ignore advice , because everyone else is watching to see if you really do fix up your code as asked to .
We need more Christophs in the kernel community .
If everyone could take a few hours a week and review the different patches sent to the mailing list , it would be a great thing .
Even if you do n't feel like you are a very good developer , read other people 's code and ask questions about it .
If they can't defend their design and code , then there 's something really wrong .
It 's also a great way to learn more about programming and the kernel .
When you are learning to play an instrument , you do n't start out writing full symphonies on your own , you spend years reading other peoples scores , and learning how things are put together and work and interact .
Only later do you start writing your own music , small tunes , and then , if you want , working up to bigger pieces .
The same goes for programming .
You can learn a lot from reading and understanding other people 's code .
Study the things posted , and ask why things are done specific ways , and point out problems that you have noticed .
It 's a task that the kernel really needs help with right now .
( possible side story about the quote )
Alright , but what if you want to help out with the kernel , but you are n't a programmer .
What can you do ?
Last year Dave Jones told everyone that the kernel was going to pieces , with loads of bugs being found and no end in sight .
A number of people made the response :
Now , this is true , it would be great to have a simple set of tests that everyone could run for every release to ensure that nothing was broken and that everything 's just right .
But unfortunately , we do n't have such a test suite just yet .
The only set of real tests we have , is for everyone to run the kernel on their machines , and to let us know if it works for them .
So , that 's what I suggest for people who want to help out , yet are not programmers .
Please , run the nightly snapshots from Linus 's kernel tree on your machine , and complain loudly if something breaks .
If no one pays attention , complain again .
Be really persistent .
File bugs in :
People do track things there .
Sometimes it does n't feel like it , but again , be persistent .
If someone keeps complaining about something , we do feel bad , and work to try to fix things .
Do n't feel bad about being a pest , because we need more pests to keep all of us kernel developers in line .
And if you really feel brave , please , run Andrew Morton 's - mm kernel tree .
It contains all of the different kernel maintainer 's development trees combined into one big mass of instability .
It is the proving ground for what will eventually go into Linus 's kernel tree .
So we need people testing this kernel out to report problems early , before they go into Linus 's tree .
I would n't recommend running Andrew 's kernels on a machine with data that you care about , that would not be wise .
So if you have a spare machine , or you have a very good backup policy , please , run his kernels and let us know if you have any problems with stuff .
So finally , in conclusion , here 's the main things that I hope people remember :
posted Sun , 23 Jul 2006 in [ / linux ]
Santhal tribesmen killed two couples and a teenage girl in two separate incidents in the Kokrajhar district .
The villagers said the couple were practising witchcraft and harming fellow tribes people , the police said .
Analysts say villagers are often accused of witchcraft to settle personal and land disputes .
Originally from central India , the Santhal tribes people were brought to Assam during British rule to work in the tea gardens .
Real reasons
The BBC's Subir Bhaumik in Delhi says the Santhals are generally found in the states of Bihar , Jharkhand , West Bengal and Assam and it is quite common among them to attack people they suspect of practising witchcraft .
One study shows a number of cases in West Bengal and Assam where certain families have been attacked by rivals within the community for practising witchcraft and their land taken away after the killings .
" The Santhals fear witches and believe great harm can be done by them , " says the study by senior police officer Asit Baran Choudhury .
" So anyone accused of practising witchcraft can come in for severe punishment and this is often manipulated for settling personal scores , " he says .
According to police records , some 200 people have been killed in Assam in the past five years for allegedly practising witchcraft .
The new governor , Maulavi Abdul Hakim Munib , 35 , who took up his position just a month ago , controls only a " bubble " around Tirin Kot , an American military officer said .
The rest of the province is so thick with insurgents that all the districts are colored amber or red to indicate that on military maps in the nearby American base .
Uruzgan has always been troublesome , yet the map marks a deterioration since last year , when at least one central district had been colored green , the officer said .
Image Lt. Gen. Karl Eikenberry , center , met on Thursday with elders of Uruzgan Province , Afghanistan , urging them to support reform efforts .
Credit ... Darko Zeljkovic for The New York Times
" The security situation is not good , " Governor Munib told General Eikenberry and a group of cabinet ministers at a meeting with tribal elders .
" The number of Taliban and enemy is several times more than that of the police and Afghan National Army in this province , " he said .
Uruzgan is not the only province teetering out of control .
Helmand and Kandahar to the south have been increasingly overrun by militants this year , as large groups of Taliban are reportedly moving through the countryside , intimidating villagers , ambushing vehicles , and spoiling for a fight with coalition or Afghan forces .
Insurgents also have the run of parts of Zabul , Ghazni and Paktika Provinces to the southeast , and have increased ambushes on the main Kabul - Kandahar highway .
The Bush administration is alarmed , according to a Western intelligence official close to the administration .
He said that while senior members of the administration consider the situation in Iraq to be not as bad as portrayed in the press , in Afghanistan the situation is worse than it has been generally portrayed .
Asked about the surge in Taliban activity in southern Afghanistan , a Pentagon spokesman , Bryan Whitman , said : " We have seen Taliban activity fluctuate from time to time . "
The British - led NATO force taking over from the American troops in the south " has well - equipped , well - led and fully prepared forces to operate in this challenging environment and deal with any threats , " he added .
He noted that the United States would continue to be the largest contributor of troops to Afghanistan , and would continue to have primary responsibility for counterterrorism operations and for training Afghan Army units , even with NATO taking over in the south .
From the moment George W. Bush began campaigning for the Oval Office in 1999 , White House watchers have wondered what kind of president he would be : The Ronald Reagan of his generation ?
Like his father , the first President Bush ?
Perhaps even , in some ways , similar to Bill Clinton ?
This year 's State of the Union address , which was panned by a chorus of conservative commentators , has intensified the debate about Bush 's political philosophy .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page accused President Bush of playing " miniball , " code for a Clintonian love of " small political ideas . "
Robert Novak reported private concern among congressional conservatives that Mr. Bush was moving toward bigger government .
George Will called Bush 's most memorable line - that America is addicted to oil - " wonderfully useless . "
" He 's conservative by temperament ; many of his policy positions , such as cutting taxes , are on the right side of the political spectrum , " says John Green , a political scientist at the University of Akron in Ohio .
" But he does n't have a consistent set of conservative principles .
That 's what a lot of the complaint has been about , especially after the State of the Union . "
Specifically , Bush 's education initiative , No Child Left Behind , and the expensive new prescription - drug benefit for seniors have left many conservatives wondering whatever happened to the party 's commitment to small federal government .
Bush 's immigrant guest - worker program also divides Republicans .
And as the Iraq war drags on , so , too , are conservatives increasingly conflicted .
Columnists , of course , are n't usually running for election , or trying to protect their party 's slim majority in Congress , as Bush is doing .
And they often do n't represent the views of rank - and - file voters .
A Gallup poll of State of the Union watchers , two - thirds of whom were Republicans , showed a 75 percent positive rating , including 48 percent who were " very " positive .
But pundits can also be the canary in the coal mine .
When Bush nominated his counsel Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court , conservative columnists raised doubts about her reliability on key issues .
Her nomination was withdrawn .
Richard Viguerie , the direct - mail guru who helped fuel the Reagan revolution of 1980 , asserts that Bush 's inconsistency as a conservative has alarmed many of the most active members of the party - the donors , fundraisers , and grass - roots activists who drive turnout on election day .
A recent online poll by Mr. Viguerie of more than 1,000 conservative activists found that 67 percent say Bush is not governing as a conservative , and 64 percent give him a D or an F on government spending .
Even though Bush wo n't be on the ballot , conservative disappointment in him could hurt the Republican Party in this November 's midterm elections , he says .
" The party has been hijacked by big - government Republicans , " says Viguerie , hinting that it might be good for the party to lose congressional power later this year .
" The importance of losing elections is greatly underrated , " he adds .
" There 's not any way Ronald Reagan would have been elected in 1980 if [ Gerald ]
Ford had been elected in ' 76 . "
Among conservative columnists , perhaps one of the president 's staunchest admirers is Fred Barnes , editor of the Weekly Standard .
In his new book , " Rebel - in - Chief , " he delves into the tricky terrain of defining Bush 's philosophy as president .
" Big - government Republican " does n't capture Bush , he suggests , nor do comparisons to recent presidents .
" His strategy is to use government as a means to achieve conservative ends , " Mr. Barnes writes .
Thus , instead of trying to abolish the Department of Education , the Reagan - era position , Bush has sought to achieve the conservative goal of accountability in public education by requiring testing and then sanctions for schools that fail to meet standards .
Mr. Barnes separates presidents into two categories - those who govern and those who lead .
He places Bush in the latter category , observing his penchant for far - reaching initiatives .
Looking at the issue of presidential temperament , Barnes writes , " Bush is actually a mixture of FDR [ Franklin Delano Roosevelt ] and TR [ Teddy Roosevelt ] , with FDR 's cool optimism and TR's pugnacity and determination . "
Drawing any sort of comparison between Bush and the Roosevelts strikes some presidential historians as off - base , but on one score , at least , even Bush 's critics credit him with a level of political pragmatism that keeps him in the game .
Take the failed initiative to partially privatize Social Security .
While conservative columnists scolded Bush for taking his top domestic priority of 2005 and reducing it to a call for a bipartisan commission on entitlements , other analysts say he was just being realistic .
" He 's going to go back and try pushing his Social Security idea again ? " asks historian Robert Dallek .
" It wo n't go anywhere .
It was a political blunder . "
Another factor that may hurt Bush somewhat in the eyes of conservatives is the memory of Reagan , which grows more positive as time passes .
Even though Reagan never actually succeeded in shrinking the federal government , his campaign against big government delighted libertarians and fiscal hawks , who now complain that Bush has abandoned that legacy .
Federal spending leaped 35 percent during Bush 's first term , the Cato Institute notes .
" We hoped [ Bush ] would be more like Reagan than his father , but clearly he is not like Ronald Reagan , " says Viguerie .
" Reagan was no pure conservative - he wandered off the conservative reservation here and there .
But there was such a massive reservoir of goodwill for Reagan , because he was one of us .
He walked with us and came to our meetings and receptions and dinners and sat with us . "
ついでに、拡張機能(.xpi)がどんな風に作られているのかも(今ごろ)知った。ロジックはJavaScriptなんだねぇ。てっきりXMLを使った独自言語だと思いこんでたよ(←XULを何かひどいものだと信じていたらしい)。アプリケーションの組み込みスクリプトも、最近はJavaScriptがかなり手堅い位置を占めるようになってきたなぁ。( MacOSの)DashboardやYahoo!
Widgetsもそうだよね、たしか。
せっかく パッチをもらった のに、昨日は忙しくて試せなかった。先ほど導入。ばっちり直りました。感謝。もっとも、これだとせっかくテキストファイルになっているのに、エディタでそのままいじれなくなっちゃうね……まぁいいか。
せっかくユーザでもあるので(携帯のバックアップにしか使ってないけど)、β公開されたフォト蔵API(アナウンス)を使ってみることにした……んだけど、概要を読んで「ちょっと待て」と思った。
フォト蔵APIは全てRESTで提供されています。機能毎の個別のURLに対して必要なデータをPOSTします。結果は全てXMLで返ってきます。
えーと、GETを使うべきAPIでもPOSTですかね。それ、RESTじゃなくてただの「なんちゃってRPC」だし。……とは言ったものの、自分だってRESTを理解しているかどうか怪しいもんだ。恥をかくつもりで自説を開陳しちゃった方が楽になれそうなので、書いてしまおう。
RESTは、あるリソースをHTTPのメソッドを使って操作するという「作法」だ(カッコつけて「アーキテクチャ」と呼んだりする)。リソースは特定のURIで表現され、それに対してPOSTでデータの追加、GETで取得、PUTで置換、DELETEで削除を行う。
たとえば写 真( photo ) を操作す るAPI をREST思想のもとで設計するなら、URIは「写真」そのものをイメージする「.../api/photo」にする(名詞であることが重要)。このURIに対して、
写真データ をPOST すると写真が投稿され( IDが返る )
IDを指定してGETすると写真が取得でき
IDを指定した上で写真データ をPUT するとIDの写真が置き換わり
IDを指定してDELETEすると削除される
という風にする。特にGETはクエリも含めて特定の写真を指し示すURIになるという点が重要。
アルバム操作も同様で、 「 .../api/album」というURIに、POSTで作成、GETで写真一覧、PUTで名前変更、DELETEで削除できるような設計をする。
現状のフォト 蔵API は、 「.../api/photo_add」のようにURIがすでに機能を表現してしまっている(名詞でなく動詞になっている)。このURIは名前からして写真の追加にしか使えない。だからPOSTだけでも事足りてしまうのだが、これではもはやRESTは名乗れまい。
おまけにphoto_albumやuser_groupのような、本来GETで扱うべきAPIまでPOSTで操作する仕様。ちなみにこの2つのAPIを試しにGETで操作してみたら動いてしまった。そもそも内部でメソッドの区別をしていないようだ。
著名 なWebサービスでも 、PUTやDELETEまで駆使したフル装備なAPIを提供しているところは少ないので、こういう「俺REST」がはびこる一因になっているような気がする。REST陣営(って誰?)は、コンソーシアムでも作って作法を標準化した方がいいんじゃない?
総務省に「日本REST協会」を作って普及を促進してもらうとか。
by
[ This post was co-written by J. Alex Halderman and Ed Felten . ]
Over the weekend a Finnish researcher named Muzzy noticed a potential vulnerability in the web - based uninstaller that Sony offers to users who want to remove the First4 Internet XCP copy protection software .
We took a detailed look at the software and discovered that it is indeed possible for an attacker to exploit this weakness .
For affected users , this represents a far greater security risk than even the original Sony rootkit .
The consequences of the flaw are severe .
It allows any web page you visit to download , install , and run any code it likes on your computer .
Any web page can seize control of your computer ; then it can do anything it likes .
That ’s about as serious as a security flaw can get .
The root of the problem is a serious design flaw in Sony ’s web - based uninstaller .
When you first fill out Sony ’s form to request a copy of the uninstaller , the request form downloads and installs a program – an ActiveX control created by the DRM vendor , First4 Internet – called CodeSupport .
CodeSupport remains on your system after you leave Sony ’s site , and it is marked as safe for scripting , so any web page can ask CodeSupport to do things .
One thing CodeSupport can be told to do is download and install code from an Internet site .
Unfortunately , CodeSupport does n’t verify that the downloaded code actually came from Sony or First4 Internet .
This means any web page can make CodeSupport download and install code from any URL without asking the user ’s permission .
A malicious web site author can write an evil program , package up that program appropriately , put the packaged code at some URL , and then write a web page that causes CodeSupport to download and run code from that URL .
If you visit that web page with Internet Explorer , and you have previously requested Sony ’s uninstaller , then the evil program will be downloaded , installed , and run on your computer , immediately and automatically .
Your goose will be cooked .
We have constructed a demonstration code package and web page that exploits this design flaw to install unwanted files on a target computer .
The exploit does not actually harm the computer , but it demonstrates that hostile code can be run on a target computer , and that the hostile code can perform operations that should be forbidden .
At present we are not releasing the demonstration exploit to the public .
CodeSupport was also installed as part of the original web - based updater that Sony released to remove First4 Internet ’s rootkit .
Sony has since replaced the web - based version of the updater with a downloadable EXE or ZIP file ; these are safe to use as far as we know .
If you did n’t use the original web - based updater , and you have n’t requested the full uninstaller from Sony , then you are safe from this particular vulnerability , as far as we know .
How can you protect yourself against this vulnerability ?
First , for now do n’t accept the installation of any software delivered over the net from First4 Internet .
( Eventually First4 Internet may deliver a fix over the net .
That may be worth installing . )
That will keep CodeSupport off you machine , if it ’s not already there .
To see whether CodeSupport is on your computer , try our CodeSupport detector page .
If you ’re vulnerable , you can protect yourself by deleting the CodeSupport component from your machine .
From the Start menu , choose Run .
In the box that pops up , type ( on a single line )
cmd /k del “ % windir % downloaded program filescodesupport . *”
This is not an ideal solution – depending on your security settings , it may not prevent the software from installing again – but it ’s better than nothing .
We ’ll have to wait for First4 Internet to develop a complete patch .
UPDATE : USA Today reports that Sony will recall the affected CDs .
Discs in the supply chain will not be sold , and customers who have already bought discs will be able to exchange them .
Sony will announce details of the recall plan later in the week .
We hope the plan will include distribution of cleanup tools to customers who still have potentially dangerous XCP software on their machines .
A survey of 4,193 men living in New York City conducted by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene found that nearly 10 percent of male participants who identified themselves as straight reported having sex with at least one man during the previous year .
The study , “ Discordance between Sexual Behavior and Self - Reported Sexual Identity : A Population - Based Survey of New York City Men , ” is published in the Sept. 19 , 2006 , issue of Annals of Internal Medicine .
Compared to men who identified themselves as gay , these men were more likely to belong to a minority racial or ethnic group , be foreign - born , have a lower educational level , and live outside Manhattan .
Seventy percent reported being married .
This group also was less likely to have been tested for HIV infection during the previous year and less likely to have used a condom during the last sexual encounter than men who identified themselves as gay .
“ Doctors need to ask patients about specific sexual practices instead of relying on self - reported sexual orientation to assess risk for unsafe sexual practices and risk for sexually transmitted diseases , ” said Preeti Pathela , DrPH , lead author of the study .
“ Public health prevention messages should target risky sexual activities , such as unprotected receptive anal sex , and should not be framed to appeal solely to gay - identified men . ”
This study is one of the largest U.S. population - based surveys to report on the contrast between a man ’s self - identified sexual identity and his actual sexual behaviors .
From American College of Physicians
i.e .
King ruled that the NSA program is hardly secret anymore , and the Oregon charity can attempt to prove that some of its private conversations were picked up by the eavesdropping program .
" The existence of the surveillance program is not a secret , the subjects of the program are not a secret and the general method of the program -- including that it is warrantless -- is not a secret , " King wrote .
" Where plaintiffs know whether their communications have been intercepted , no harm to national security would occur if plaintiffs are able to prove the general point that they were subject to surveillance . "
i.e .
In a separate development , The Oregonian newspaper reported Thursday that it had filed suit last week seeking documents in the case .
" If the government is committing crimes against its citizens , the public is entitled to know the nature of the crimes , " said the newspaper 's attorney , Charles Hinkle .
" It seems to me the cases have instructed the courts to be original , " King told lawyers from the Justice Department .
" I do n't hear that from you at all . "
UPDATE
A federal judge in Oregon yesterday became the third consecutive judge ( after Judge Walker in the Northern District of California and Judge Taylor in the Eastern District of Michigan ) to reject the Bush administration 's claim that national security concerns ( , the " state secrets " doctrine ) bar courts from ruling on the legality of the NSA warrantless eavesdropping program .
The ruling ( .pdf ) , from Federal Judge Garr King , resoundingly rejected the Bush administration 's now - standard tactic for placing the President 's conduct beyond the reach of the law , and Judge King used reasoning identical to that used by the two prior federal judges who also rejected the Bush administration 's claims :
This decision is remarkable in several respects .
And it is the latest example of a clear , extraordinary and extremely encouraging trend where the federal judiciary is finally re-asserting its role in imposing checks and limits on the Bush administration by compelling the administration to abide by the law .
The case in Oregon arguably presents the most potent legal challenge to the NSA warrantless program .
The most significant hurdle for plaintiffs to overcome in the other lawsuits ( including the one before Judge Taylor ) is the need to prove " standing " -- , that the plaintiffs were actually harmed by the warrantless eavesdropping program , a burden that is exceedingly difficult to meet because the Bush administration has been eavesdropping in secret and with no oversight -- while its allies in Congress have blocked any investigations into the program -- and therefore nobody knows who has been subject to the eavesdropping program .
But in the Oregon case , the plaintiff , an Islamic charity , has alleged that the NSA eavesdropped without warrants on conversations between an officer of the charity ( who was in Saudi Arabia at the time ) and the charity 's own lawyers ( in Washington , DC ) .
And they have compelling evidence to support that allegation -- namely , a classified NSA log listing calls intercepted by the NSA which was accidentally provided by Justice Department lawyers to the charity 's lawyers .
According to the charity 's lawyers , that document reveals that the NSA eavesdropped on the calls between the charity and their own lawyers as part of the warrantless eavesdropping program , which gives the plaintiffs standing to challenge the legality of that eavesdropping .
Once the charity 's lawyers revealed that they had received that document and furnished it to the court , the DoJ demanded that the court return all copies to the FBI -- a request which Judge King defiantly refused on the ground that the FBI was a party to the lawsuit and therefore should not be entrusted with its safekeeping .
Instead , Judge King ordered the document to be kept by prosecutors in Oregon .
The DoJ then argued that the charity should not be allowed to use that document as the basis to prove " standing " because that document is so classified that its use by plaintiffs in the lawsuit would damage national security .
Relatedly , The Oregonian has been impressively fulfilling its journalistic duties with regard to this case , not only by reporting on the lawsuit intelligently and aggressively ( which it has been doing ) , but also
The court previously instructed the DoJ to find a compromise to allow the document to be used in the lawsuit without jeopardizing national security , and last week , during Oral Argument , chided the DoJ lawyers because -- as is typical for the Bush administration in national security cases -- they simply ignored the court 's instruction :
The court 's decision indicated that it may ultimately prove to be the case that plaintiffs cannot prove that they were subjected to warrantless eavesdropping without compromising national security , but said : " I am just not prepared to dismiss this case without first examining all available options and allowing plaintiffs their constitutional right to seek relief in this court .
" Before the Bush administration began abusing what was the rarely used " state secrets " doctrine , it was virtually automatic for courts to defer to the President 's claim that national security precluded judicial examination of certain issues .
But yesterday 's ruling follows in the footsteps of the decisions by Judge Walker and Judge Taylor , and constitutes a clear sign that the federal courts no longer have sufficient trust in the Bush administration 's use of this doctrine and will , consequently , subject it to scrutiny rather than just blindly accepting it as courts have done in the past .
The Specter bill is , of course , designed to fix this problem for the administration ( i.e. , that the President 's conduct is being subjected by courts to the rule of law ) by removing all of these cases from these disobedient federal judges and consolidating them all with the secret FISA court , and then on top of that , adding huge hurdles for the plaintiffs to succeed .
But the combination of mildly uppity Congressional Republicans and the heroic efforts of Russ Feingold has disrupted , at least for now , the administration 's hope for quick and painless passage of that bill .
In the meantime , the federal courts continue to re-assert their role in our system of government of holding all citizens , including the President , accountable under the law -- exactly the result which the administration has been most desperately seeking to avoid :
A copy of the court 's decision is here ( .pdf - h/t Jao ) .
The court denied The Oregonian 's motion to unseal the document which was inadvertently provided by the DoJ to plaintiffs on the ground that inadvertent production does n't render the document unclassified .
Judge King 's opinion here is , in one key respect , the very opposite of Judge Taylor 's , as it is self - consciously restrained , going out of its way not to make any rulings other than those which are absolutely necessary , even postponing numerous decisions that he will almost certainly have to make until such time that doing so is necessary .
QR Code Link to This Post
Seeking Deputy White House Chief of Staff to take over all United States domestic affairs !
Run the entire country from your office in the West Wing .
Direct and instruct POTUS , CIA , and top journalists ( NYT , Time , etc. ) on all issues of national importance .
You must have excellent contacts with evangelical Christians , NASCAR fans , true patriots , and angry white males .
You are equally friendly with billionaire corporate raiders , oil barons , and godless capitalists .
The ideal candidate is very comfortable speaking exclusively on " deep background " and avoiding public appearances .
You are the kind of person who does not have to say anything publicly -- you make journalists , folks at town hall meetings , and American troops say it for you .
Note :
We will only consider applicants with a flair for dramatic and patriotic settings , including but not limited to aircraft carriers , Mount Rushmore , Ground Zero , rustic ranches , and well lit statues ( Liberty , Andrew Jackson , etc. ) .
Need to be skilled at supervising POTUS bike rides , brush clearing , video conferences , and segway rides .
Experience with push polling and direct mail a plus .
Job may start as soon as NEXT WEEK !!!!
Maybe even sooner .
Please send your resume and references to president@whitehouse.gov , with " Boy Genius " in the subject line .
The White House is an equal opportunity , affirmative action employer .
Claim : Photograph shows a Florida license plate that accidentally spells out a risqué phrase .
TRUE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , 2000 ]
Is this picture real ?
Is this picture real ?
Origins :
For several decades now , state motor vehicle departments of states have employed resources — both human and automated ones — to ensure that potentially offensive strings of characters ( such as “ FUK ” ) do not appear in the letter and number
combinations used on motor vehicle license plates .
The process has never been perfectly straightforward , since factors other than predictable letter combinations have to be considered .
For one thing , certain digits can be mistaken for letters ( e.g. , from a distance , the numbers 0 , 1 , and 5 are easily confused with the letters O , I , and S ) .
And
the advent of motorist - selected personalized plates in the 1970s added a whole new dimension to the problem , as motor vehicle departments could no longer rely upon anticipating the regular letter - number patterns issued in sequence but had to scrutinize each application individually to weed out a variety of tricks : applicants combining letters and numbers designed to spell out words and phrases ( “ I H8 U ” ) , sneaking in slang sexual terms ( such as “ 69 ” ) , or even slipping through suggestive combinations intended to be read backwards as reflected in rear - view mirrors
( “ 3MTA3 ” ) .
The license plate displayed in the photograph demonstrates how difficult it is to foresee every conceivable problem in this regard , with letters , numbers resembling letters , and the decorative orange that appears in the center of a Florida plate all joining to turn the innocuous combination A55 RGY into something that can be read as the risqué phrase “ ASS ORGY . ”
The photo has n’t been manipulated , nor is the license plate shown a personalized one ( deliberately chosen for its naughtiness or otherwise ) — the tag is a random , regular - issue plate assigned to a Lincoln LS automobile registered to a Miami - based computer company .
And thanks to the Internet , it ’s now one of the most recognizable license plates in the U.S .
The machine that can copy anything
By Simon Hooper for CNN
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
A revolutionary machine that can copy itself and manufacture everyday objects quickly and cheaply could transform industry in the developing world , according to its creator .
The " self - replicating rapid prototyper , " or " RepRap " is the brainchild of Dr. Adrian Bowyer , a senior lecturer in mechanical engineering at the University of Bath in the UK .
It is based on rapid prototyping technology commonly used to manufacturer plastic components in industry from computer - generated blueprints -- effectively a form of 3D printer .
But Bowyer told CNN the RepRap 's ability to copy itself could put rapid prototyping technology within reach of the world 's poorest communities by alleviating the need for the sort of large - scale industrial infrastructure common across the developed world .
" People can start manufacturing goods at a low price , " said Bowyer .
" All one needs is a computer and a machine that can copy itself .
It can spread without enormous expenditure of capital and where labor costs are low .
" It is the first technology that we can have that can simultaneously make people more wealthy while reducing the need for industrial production . "
Prototyping machines currently cost around $ 45,000 but Bowyer believes that price could drop to a few hundred dollars as the number of self - replicating models increases exponentially .
" It makes industry a little more like agriculture , " said Bowyer , who specializes in biomimetics , the study and application of natural processes in technologies such as engineering , design and computing .
" Farmers have been dealing with self - replicating products for years . "
Rapid prototyping machines work by building a succession of layers , either bonded by a laser or held together by alternating layers of glue .
The key feature of the RepRap is its ability to print electrical circuits by squirting a metal alloy with a low - melting point from a heated nozzle .
The machine could build items ranging in size from a few millimeters to around 30 centimeters , such as plates , dishes , combs and musical instruments .
Larger or more complicated items could be assembled from smaller parts , and by adding extra parts such as screws and microchips .
Bowyer said the target of the project was to create a range of devices that could be assembled for around $ 500 using additional components commonly and cheaply available in hardware stores .
He also said that the technology could help solve some of the recycling issues commonly associated with plastics :
" If the machine can copy itself , it can make its own recycler .
When you break something you can just feed it into the recycler and break it down to its raw materials and re-build it .
" The key ecological point is that it cuts down on the transportation necessary both to manufacture products and to dispose of them .
Every household would have its own recycling set - up .
" This is recycling heaven rather than recycling hell . "
The concept of self - replicating machines dates back to the work of mathematician John von Neumann , who proposed the idea of a " Universal Constructor " that could copy itself in the 1950s .
Von Neumann suggested that the generational development of a machine would display similar characteristics to Darwinian evolution as users honed and varied its design to suit their needs .
To encourage that development , Bowyer plans to make the design of the RepRap available online and free to use , in the same way as open source software such as the Linux operating system or Mozilla 's Firefox browser .
Anyone with a replicating machine could then start manufacturing copies .
Once someone owned the technology they could download other designs , or create their own .
" The most interesting part of this is that we 're going to give it away , " said Bowyer .
" If these machines take off , it will give individual people the chance to do this themselves , and we are talking about making a lot of our consumer goods .
The effect this has on industry and society could be dramatic . "
The future of Airfix is looking as fragile as one of its model Spitfires after its parent company went into administration .
The plastic kits of Lancaster bombers and Hurricanes have been painstakingly assembled in British bedrooms for nearly 60 years , leading Airfix fans to declare yesterday a sad day for British youth .
Humbrol , Airfix 's owner , went into adminstration due to " severe cash flow pressures " and a disruption in supplies from its main manufacturer in France .
Jeremy Brook , secretary of the Airfix Collectors Club , said the plastic models probably saved countless marriages in their heyday because " husbands were too busy building their airfix kits to go out and chase women " .
It was a sad day for men who grew up in the 60s and 70s , he added .
" If you talk to anybody over 40 they will have memories from their youth of making Airfix kits . "
However , the administrator charged with rescuing Airfix said the brand could be revived under a new owner .
Keith Hinds of accountancy firm Grant Thornton has laid off three - quarters of Humbrol 's 41 staff and has put the Airfix brand up for sale , with several expressions of interest lodged already .
Airfix was founded in 1939 by Hungarian - born businessman Nicholas Kove , who sold cheap rubber toys filled with air .
It switched to model kits with a Ferguson tractor in 1948 and introduced its trademark Spitfire in 1953 , triggering a surge in sales that saw the company launch its own magazine in 1960 and acquire toy manufacturing rivals such as Meccano .
Sales began to decline in the early 80s and the company went into receivership before its rescue by Humbrol in 1986 .
U.S. Attorney John Durham , who is looking into the origins of the FBI 's investigation into President Donald Trump 's 2016 campaign , is " running out the clock " if he 's not releasing his findings before this year 's election , the president 's eldest son Donald Trump Jr. said Tuesday .
[ Full Story ]
The ECMAScript group has created some public resources for the Edition 4 design and specification process .
We 've released a public export of the group wiki and started a public mailing list for discussion related to ECMAScript Edition 4 .
Keep in mind this is an ongoing process , and we 've preferred to release information early to integrate community feedback into the process .
As a result the documents are not in their final state , and none of these documents should be considered authoritative yet .
You 'll find most of the activity , and the most up - to - date material , in the proposals section .
There 's a fair bit of information under discussion and clarification as well .
Here 's a small sample of proposals that members of LtU might find particularly interesting :
MARCH
Madness starts this week in America , and for the rest of the month millions of basketball fans will watch the country 's college teams dunk on each other , until the final of the men 's national championship on April 3rd .
CBS , a broadcast - television network , has shown the event since 1982 — but this year it is conducting an experiment .
As well as broadcasting the games on TV , it is streaming them live over the internet free of charge , accompanied by advertisements .
CBS 's move is one of many recent efforts by traditional media companies to try to develop “ new media ” revenue streams .
Music firms have sold their material online for a while .
Newspaper and magazine publishers are busy trying to attract readers on the internet .
But now the world 's largest entertainment companies are rushing to distribute their video content online and , to a lesser extent , to the users of mobile phones .
Old media companies are also snapping up internet firms as fast as they can .
Most of these are profitable , in contrast to the dotcoms of a few years ago — but only just .
On March 6th NBC Universal , a media firm owned by General Electric , spent $ 600 m on iVillage , a website for women which had a profit of $ 9.5 m in 2005 .
Last year Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation spent more than a billion dollars buying barely profitable internet companies .
Has the industry gone as crazy as basketball fans in springtime ?
The answer is that traditional media companies have no choice but to experiment .
They are in mature businesses , many of which are endangered by the internet and other technologies .
Investors have sold down their shares .
This week , Mr Murdoch warned in a speech in London that changing technology means that “ power is moving away from the old elite in our industry — the editors , the chief executives and , let 's face it , the proprietors . ”
Old media companies badly need to persuade the stockmarket that the digital era brings them opportunities as well as threats .
Desperately seeking digital revenues
“ Everyone 's got a digital tsar now , or if they have n't , they 're frantically searching for one , ” says Peter Kreisky , a media consultant .
Many large media firms have recently formed separate digital divisions .
With the exception of Time Warner , which in 2000 merged with AOL , an internet - access firm , most of these contribute only a tiny slice of their parent company 's revenues ( see chart ) .
But they are growing rapidly .
Jessica Reif Cohen , a media analyst at Merrill Lynch , reckons that profits from online advertising and paid content could represent up to 8 - 9 % of total earnings for Disney , Viacom and News Corporation in 3 - 5 years and considerably more for Time Warner , courtesy of AOL .
The most obvious opportunity is to put the content they already own on new platforms .
Media companies can charge people directly , or sell ads around it .
In October last year Disney took the big step of allowing two of its hit dramas — “ Lost ” and “ Desperate Housewives ” — to be downloaded from Apple 's iTunes download service on to iPods for $ 1.99 an episode .
Programmes from NBC and from Viacom 's cable channels soon followed , and CBS has put two of its hits , “ CSI ” and “ Survivor ” , on Google Video Store , the search firm 's new video service .
Time Warner , Disney and Viacom have all started broadband channels .
Only a fraction of the media firms ' video content is online , certainly , but every few weeks another slew of popular programmes makes the leap .
In just a few years , says Michael Wolf , president and chief operating officer of MTV Networks , almost all the company 's content will be available online and on several platforms .
Because people in offices will be able to gain access to it , he says , “ daytime will become the new primetime . ”
( For people watching March Madness at work , CBS has thoughtfully provided a “ Boss Button ” , which at a moment 's notice calls up a fake spreadsheet . )
Shifting onto the internet will take time , because powerful forces are lined up against changes to video distribution , says Josh Bernoff , a television analyst at Forrester Research .
Most important are huge concerns about digital piracy , although Apple and Google do seem to have eased those with digital - rights - management technology , which guards against unauthorised copying .
Content owners also worry that putting their video online might mean that fewer people would watch programmes on TV , which is where they earn most of their advertising revenue .
And none of the conglomerates want to jeopardise the phenomenal profitability of DVDs .
So far , Hollywood has barely allowed its films onto the internet , and certainly not before their release on DVD .
But even that taboo may soon be broken .
Amazon , an online retailer , is reportedly in talks with three Hollywood studios about a service that would allow people to download new movies at the same time as they come out on DVD .
Which of the big entertainment conglomerates is furthest ahead ?
That , of course , is fiercely debated by rival executives .
Many were jealous of Mr Murdoch 's purchase of MySpace.com , a social - networking site , because its soaring popularity has pushed News Corporation up among the giants of the internet by page views .
Viacom is believed to have wanted to buy the site , but it lost out to News Corporation at the last moment .
Now , however , after a furore over men lying about their age on MySpace.com so as to meet under - age girls , competitors are feeling a bit less envious .
Nevertheless , there is no doubt that News Corporation has moved most vigorously among large media firms .
Viacom , on the other hand , has missed some opportunities , perhaps partly because it has spent the last year or so concentrating on splitting from its sister company , CBS Corporation .
As well as missing MySpace.com , it has still to launch the music download service it has talked of for years ( it is planning a music service called URGE with Microsoft for later in 2006 ) and in the meantime Apple has seized the online music market .
Each of the firms has a different strategy for the internet .
Viacom and News Corporation want to build or acquire brand new online businesses as well as to expand their existing brands onto the internet .
Disney and Time Warner , on the other hand , are mostly putting their own programming online .
Jeff Bewkes , chief operating officer of Time Warner , reckons that one - off download deals such as Disney 's and NBC 's with Apple 's iTunes will prove to be merely a beginning .
“ These are fine trials and they may turn up something , ” he says , “ but the evidence says that the real money goes to ad - supported and subscription models . ”
Vivendi Universal , a French media firm , is being more cautious than the American firms .
Its chief executive , Jean - Bernard Levy , says it will exploit the internet to distribute its content , but not as a general - purpose advertising medium .
There is still plenty of doubt over whether traditional media companies have the right stuff to prosper on the internet .
But now no one can accuse them of not trying .
Perhaps the most promising change is that executives at all levels are fully aware that succeeding online means personal reward .
As one manager explains : “ In 2002 it was career death to be involved with the internet , now it 's a career priority . ”
Zwiebelfisch Mal hat 's Sonne , mal hat 's Schnee
Ja , was hat es denn heute ?
Es hat doch wohl nicht etwa Regen ?
Nein , es hat Sonne , Gottseidank !
Aber morgen soll es Wolken haben und Schnee !
Bei den einen hats Glatteis , und bei den anderen kräuseln sich die Nackenhaare .
Haben oder Nichthaben , das ist hier die Frage .
For more than a year and a half , my betta fish had given me companionship , joy and the opportunity to call a living creature “ Bootsy . ”
But lately he had n’t been up to his lovable fish antics , and he was having trouble swimming upward too .
The fish guide recommended I stop feeding him freeze - dried bloodworms , which look like tiny pork rinds and are , supposedly , just as nutritionally dubious .
I cut them from his diet , but still he lingered morosely at the bottom of the tank .
At feeding time , he would vault awkwardly up toward the spot where his food pellets floated , his trajectory as wobbly as a weak bottle rocket , only to miss the food and fall down sadly .
So instead of sprinkling the food on top of the water , I had taken to snapping my wrist and pelting it hard enough to sink it toward him .
“ You look like you ’re trying to knock him unconscious , ” my boyfriend observed .
When this feeding technique failed , I tried minimizing the distance between my fish and the top of the tank .
Which is to say , I let the water get really low .
Bootsy dwelled glumly in his freshwater crawlspace .
“ He likes it that way , ” I insisted .
“ He ’s going to die soon , is n’t he ? ” my friends would say .
“ Do you think so ? ” I ’d ask , hoping one of them was secretly a marine biologist .
Nobody was , of course .
no no no no no no NO .
I refuse to believe the rumours that Ashlee Simpson has been signed on to front the Victoriaâ€™s Secret line Pink .
Apparently she beat out that other American idol / singer Kelly Clarkson for the lucrative contract with the lingerie giant .
Pink is VS ’s younger and cuter line of lingerie that ’s sporty , colourful and fun .
But I do n’t understand why .
First Playboy reportedly want her to model for them for $ 4 million , now we might have to see her in underwear ?
This is all a bit much .
Itâ€™s amazing what a nose job can do for a girlâ€ ¦
P.S. The girl in the ‘ Pink ’ picture is n’t Ashlee , she ’s a Victoria ’s Secret model .
A study done in Brazil indicates a single dose of the erectile dysfunction drug Viagra may aggravate sleep apnea .
Sleep apnea , more common in men than women , occurs when breathing stops during sleep for 10 seconds or more due to an obstruction or narrowing of the airway in the nose , mouth or throat .
Researchers say it may be a contributing factor in the development of erectile dysfunction .
Published in the Archives of Internal Medicine , the Brazilian study examined the effects of a single 50 - milligram dose of Viagra versus a placebo on 14 middle - aged men diagnosed with severe obstructive sleep apnea , WebMd reports .
The results indicated that even a single dose of Viagra lowered blood oxygen level and caused breathing to be more disordered .
Chief researcher Suely Roizenblatt says the results are only preliminary and further studies of the drug are needed to determine if it is risky .
Copyright 2006 by United Press International
Explore further Erectile dysfunction related to sleep apnea may persist , but is treatable
An autopsy has shown no evidence of foul play in the heart attack death of Kenneth Lay , the disgraced head of Enron Corp who had been convicted over one of the worst corporate collapses in the United States .
Lay , 64 , died on Wednesday while holidaying near Aspen , Colorado , six weeks after being found guilty of fraud and conspiracy .
The former chief executive who had been awaiting sentencing , faced decades in prison in connection with Enron 's 2001 bankruptcy .
" There was no evidence of foul play , " said Dr Rob Kurtzman , the forensic pathologist who performed the post mortem examination .
" The cause of death is coronary artery disease , " he said , adding that the examination showed that Lay had previously suffered a heart attack .
The revelation caps a year of disclosures about partisan payments to seemingly independent writers , including Armstrong Williams , the conservative columnist and television host , who received payments from the federal Education Department at a time when he was promoting the Bush administration 's education policies in his columns .
The administration has been under mounting pressure to become more transparent in its communications after accounts that it paid for and printed articles in Iraqi periodicals as part of its overseas propaganda effort .
Mr. Bandow did not take government money , but the source of his payments -- around $ 2,000 an article -- is no less controversial .
His sometime sponsor , Mr. Abramoff , is at the center of a far - reaching criminal corruption investigation involving several members of Congress , with prosecutors examining whether he sought to bribe lawmakers in exchange for legislative help .
A second scholar , Peter Ferrara , of the Institute for Policy Innovation , acknowledged in the same BusinessWeek Online piece that he had also taken money from Mr. Abramoff in exchange for writing certain opinion articles .
But Mr. Ferrara did not apologize for doing so .
" I do that all the time , " Mr. Ferrara was quoted as saying .
He did not reply to an e-mail message seeking comment on Friday .
At Cato and similar institutions , adjunct scholars are not always prohibited from accepting outside consulting roles .
But at Cato , said Mr. Dettmer , and at the American Enterprise Institute , said a spokeswoman there , rules require scholars to make public all their affiliations , and there is an expectation that scholars will not embarrass the institution .
" Our scholarship is not for sale , " Mr. Dettmer said .
Glenda Winders , the vice president and editor of the Copley News Service , said in a statement that the company was immediately suspending Mr. Bandow 's column pending further review .
Científicos japoneses han construido un aparato que proyecta en el aire imágenes tridimensionales reales .
Por el momento se trata sólo de puntos luminosos incoloros y de baja resolución , pero esta tecnología promete espectaculares desarrollos .
El sistema utiliza la conjunción de varios rayos láser para producir pequeñas acumulaciones de plasma , que aparecen en forma de puntos blancos suspendidos en el aire .
Por Yaiza Martínez .
Científicos de la Universidad de Keio , junto a ingenieros de la empresa Burton Inc. y del National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology de Japón ( AIST , han desarrollado una máquina capaz de producir imágenes reales en tres dimensiones .
Estas imágenes están compuestas de puntos luminosos que se forman en el aire .
Con un tecnología de láser plasma , y gracias a la mejoría de la emisión de los rayos láser , los ingenieros han logrado generar dichas imágenes en el espacio , con más brillo y contraste , en comparación con intentos anteriores , informa AIST en un comunicado .
Es la primera vez que se consigue una proeza tecnológica capaz de generar puntos luminosos que pueden formar imágenes geométricas de tres dimensiones que literalmente “ flotan ” en el espacio .
Por el momento se trata sólo de puntos luminosos incoloros y de baja resolución , pero esta tecnología promete espectaculares desarrollos .
El sistema utiliza la conjunción de varios rayos láser para producir pequeñas acumulaciones de plasma , que aparecen en forma de puntos blancos suspendidos en el aire .
Un sistema de espejos múltiples potencia estas acumulaciones de plasma , consiguiendo una reunión de cientos de puntos de plasma por segundo , lo que permite crear la pretendida imagen de tres dimensiones .
El láser emite 100 ráfagas por segundo , formando figuras de hasta 50 centímetros de altura .
La distancia alcanzada por el proyector es de dos a tres metros , aunque en un futuro se pretende conseguir una mayor distancia e incluso color .
El sistema sólo puede funcionar en una atmósfera muy particular en la que se vaporizan electrones e iones específicos que permiten la reacción capaz de crear las acumulaciones de plasma .
De esta forma se consigue una imagen que tiene realmente tres dimensiones .
Hasta la fecha , se habían conseguido generar “ pseudo - imágenes ” tridimensionales proyectadas en dos de las dimensiones del espacio , aprovechando la disparidad binocular del ojo humano para crear el efecto tridimensional .
Aprovechando la capacidad ocular
La disparidad binocular es responsable de nuestra capacidad de ver con profundidad .
Es un fenómeno que sucede cuando fijamos nuestra mirada en un punto situado a cierta distancia , lo que produce en nuestros ojos un fenómeno de convergencia , es decir , ambos ojos se orientan de modo que la imagen del punto cae en porciones equivalentes en cada una de las retinas , en el centro de ellas .
Esto nos permite calcular distancias en relación al objeto mirado .
Como ambos ojos están separados alrededor de 6 cm , cada ojo percibe imágenes desde posiciones equivalentes de sus retinas , ligeramente diferentes .
Este fenómeno lo podemos apreciar mirando un objeto con un ojo y luego con el otro .
Por lo tanto , cuando miramos el mismo punto con los dos ojos , corregimos parcialmente esa disparidad ( disparidad binocular ) , pero nos da una idea de la distancia del objeto .
Las “ pseudo - imágenes ” tridimensionales creadas anteriormente gracias a esta disparidad binocular , que dan al ojo la impresión de ser en 3D cuando en realidad son de dos dimensiones , han presentado algunos problemas , como el de la limitación del campo visual , debido a que dichas imágenes no pueden verse de igual forma desde cualquier punto .
En realidad son sólo un efecto óptico .
El espacio en el que transcurre la vida ordinaria es tridimensional y todas las cosas que ocupan un espacio poseen también tres dimensiones : longitud , altura y profundidad .
Y aunque hasta ahora es posible disponer de imágenes en 3D , las que existen actualmente son el resultado de un efecto óptico , y no el reflejo de una realidad en 3D , ya que no existe un dispositivo electrónico que permita exhibir imágenes reales en 3D .
Realismo
Esta es la novedad del dispositivo creado por el AIST y sus colaboradores , ya que utiliza una emisión de plasma que se sitúa cerca del punto focal del láser .
Controlando la posición de dicho punto focal en la dirección de los tres ejes dimensionales x , y,z , se producen las imágenes tridimensionales reales , compuestas por puntos situados en el aire , esto es , en un espacio tridimensional .
Es decir , se “ dibuja ” en el aire la forma deseada mediante puntos de luz que iluminan los puntos marcados .
La forma a representar está predefinida y se consigue su realismo 3D al iluminar los puntos guardados .
Esta iluminación se hace por medio de un proyector y por emisiones de láser y de plasma ( gas fuertemente ionizado con el mismo número de cargas libres positivas y negativas ) del oxígeno y nitrógeno presentes
El dispositivo creado continene un sistema de motor lineal , así como un proyector láser de alta calidad .
El sistema de motor lineal permite que el punto de focalización del láser varíe gracias a una lente situada en el motor .
El motor puede variar la posición del punto focal del láser y emitirla en la dirección del eje z , lo que produce la tridimensionalidad .
Para la proyección en los otros dos ejes , el aparato contiene espejos galvanométricos convencionales .
La fuente de luz láser utilizada emite pulsaciones de alta calidad de mucho brillo , con una frecuencia de aproximadamente 100 herzios .
Con esta frecuencia , es posible controlar con precisión la producción de plasma , lo que produce una imagen con mayor contraste y claridad .
La distancia entre el aparato y los puntos dibujados en el aire aumentará a medida que se desarrolle mejor el artefacto , hasta alcanzar varios metros .
El tiempo de emisión de las pulsaciones lumínicas del láser es de un nano - segundo , o un segundo dividido por 1.000.000.000 .
El dibujo se realiza y controla a través de un programa informático .
Aunque las imágenes de 3D reales representadas son formas y figuras muy simples y de luz blanca , la proeza conseguida promete desarrollos que impactarán en numerosas tecnologías , desde las audiovisuales hasta las telecomunicaciones .
We may be taught not to judge a book by its cover , but when we see a new face , our brains decide whether a person is attractive and trustworthy within a tenth of a second , according to recent Princeton research .
Princeton University psychologist Alex Todorov has found that people respond intuitively to faces so rapidly that our reasoning minds may not have time to influence the reaction -- and that our intuitions about attraction and trust are among those we form the fastest .
" The link between facial features and character may be tenuous at best , but that does n't stop our minds from sizing other people up at a glance , " said Todorov , an assistant professor of psychology .
" We decide very quickly whether a person possesses many of the traits we feel are important , such as likeability and competence , even though we have not exchanged a single word with them .
It appears that we are hard - wired to draw these inferences in a fast , unreflective way . "
Todorov and co-author Janine Willis , a student researcher who graduated from Princeton in 2005 , used timed experiments and found that snap judgments on character are often formed with insufficient time for rational thought .
They published their research in the July issue of the journal Psychological Science .
The study formed part of Willis ' senior thesis work , which was inspired by an earlier paper by Todorov investigating the outcome of a political campaign .
" I had done studies with my students that found there was a direct correlation between how competent a campaigning politician 's face was and how great his margin of victory turned out in the final election , " Todorov said of his earlier work , published in the journal Science last year .
" We might assume that our judgments are founded on deliberate and rational thought processes , but observers had made their judgments about politicians based on a one - second look at their faces .
I mentioned the findings to Janine , who suggested we look into just how fast we form these ( judgments about ) character traits . "
For the current study , the two researchers conducted several experiments on about 200 people .
For one experiment , the researchers asked observers to look at 66 different faces for one of three time durations : either 100 milliseconds , 500 milliseconds or a full second .
After each face flashed on the screen and vanished , the observers marked whether they found the face to be trustworthy or not , and also how confident they were in their analysis .
Other experiments conducted in similar fashion tested for different specific traits , such as likeability and competence .
advertisement
" What we found was that , if given more time , people 's fundamental judgment about faces did not change , " Todorov said .
" Observers simply became more confident in their judgments as the duration lengthened . "
Why the brain makes such snap judgments is not yet entirely clear , Todorov said .
However , he often works with a sophisticated technological tool for probing brain activity called a functional magnetic resonance imager ( fMRI ) , and Todorov said some of his general research suggests that the part of the brain that responds directly to fear may be involved in judgments of trustworthiness .
" The fear response involves the amygdala , a part of the brain that existed in animals for millions of years before the development of the prefrontal cortex , where rational thoughts come from , " he said .
" We imagine trust to be a rather sophisticated response , but our observations indicate that trust might be a case of a high - level judgment being made by a low - level brain structure .
Perhaps the signal bypasses the cortex altogether . "
The research , Todorov said , explores some of the same topics addressed in " Blink , " the recent best - selling book by New York journalist Malcolm Gladwell about the rapid cognition our minds experience when making decisions quickly , especially those based on first impressions made in the " blink " of an eye .
Gladwell , who is often described as a type of popular sociologist , has said the impetus for his book was the rapid judgments people made about him because of his long hair .
" This paper 's results concern specific mechanisms in the mind , while ' Blink ' makes broader generalizations , " Todorov said .
" Gladwell 's basic message is not essentially different from ours , though he views snap judgments to be primarily rational in nature .
Our research finds that this is often the case , but not always . "
Todorov cautioned that his findings do not imply , however , that quick first impressions cannot be overcome by the rational mind .
advertisement
" As time passes and you get to know people , you , of course , develop a more rounded conception of them , " he said .
" But because we make these judgments without conscious thought , we should be aware of what is happening when we look at a person 's face . "
What aspects of a face inspire such judgments remain undetermined , Todorov said .
" We still do n't know the physical features of a face that lead to a particular trait inference , " he said .
" We know generally what makes a face attractive , such as its symmetry , the proportions of its parts and the like .
But what is it about a face that makes you think its owner is an essentially competent person ?
That 's the subject of another study , one that needs to be done . "
This research was sponsored in part by the National Science Foundation .
By SIMON CALDWELL , Daily Mail
Last updated at 16:57 23 August 2006
Pope Benedict XVI has sacked his chief astronomer after a series of public clashes over the theory of evolution .
He has removed Father George Coyne from his position as director of the Vatican Observatory after the American Jesuit priest repeatedly contradicted the Holy See 's endorsement of " intelligent design " theory , which essentially backs the " Adam and Eve " theory of creation .
Intelligent design
Benedict favours intelligent design , which says
God directs the process of evolution , over Charles Darwin ’s original theory which holds that species evolve through the random , unplanned processes of genetic mutation and the survival of the fittest .
But Father Coyne , the director of the Vatican Observatory for 28 years , is an outspoken supporter of Darwin ’s theory , arguing that it is compatible with Christianity .
He has been replaced by Argentine Jesuit Father Jose Funes , 43 , an expert on disk galaxies .
Although the Vatican did not give reasons for Father Coyne ’s replacement , sources close to the Holy See say that Benedict would have been unhappy with the priest ’s public opposition to intelligent design theory .
Father Coyne ’s most notable intervention came after Cardinal Christoph Schonborn of Vienna , a former student of the Pope , put the case for
intelligent design in an article in the New York Times in July last year .
Debate
The cardinal , responding to an explosive debate on evolution in the US , had argued that Darwinian concepts of " random variation and natural selection " were incompatible with the Catholic belief that there is a divine purpose and design to nature .
The cardinal also said that the evolution had become an atheistic ideological dogma that was being used against the Church .
The views of Cardinal Schonborn , one of the authors of the 1992 Catechism of the Catholic Church , were criticised just a month later in an article written by Father Coyne for the London - based Tablet magazine .
God " is not constantly intervening , but rather allows , participates , loves , " Fr Coyne wrote , adding : " Religious believers must move away from the notion of a dictator or designer God , a Newtonian God who made the universe as a watch that ticks along regularly .
" Perhaps God should be seen more as a parent or as one who speaks encouraging and sustaining words . "
The priest later attacked intelligent design theory as a " religious movement " lacking any scientific merit .
Speaking at a conference in Florida a year ago , Father Coyne said that " intelligent design is n't science , even if it pretends to be " .
Then in a November interview , the 73 - year - old priest said the Pope should withhold judgment on the issue , saying he " does n't have the slightest idea of what intelligent design means in the U.S. " .
Evolution
Benedict , one of the most respected theologians in the Catholic Church , is understood to be deeply interested in the evolution debate , and has referred to the cosmos as an " intelligent project " .
One source indicated that Cardinal Schonborn ’s New York Times article would not have been written without the Pope 's permission .
The removal of Father Coyne also comes just weeks before the Vatican hosts a weekend seminar to examine the impact Darwin 's theory on the Church 's teaching of Creation .
The observatory has its origins in the observational tower erected at the Vatican by Pope Gregory XIII in 1578 during reforms of the Western calendar .
In 1800 the Church began to use the tower for astronomy and in 1891 Pope Leo XIII formally established the Vatican Observatory .
It has been entrusted to the Jesuits since 1934 .
Observatory staff work from facilities south of Rome and the University of Arizona in Tucson .
In Iraq and Afghanistan , the “ Coalition ’s ” defeats continue slowly to unroll .
In Lebanon , it appears Hezbollah may win not only at the moral and mental , strategic and operational levels , but , astonishingly , at the physical and tactical levels as well .
That outcome remains uncertain , but the fact that it is possible portends a revolutionary reassessment of what Fourth Generation forces can accomplish .
If it actually happens , the walls of the temple that is the state system will be shaken worldwide .
One pointer to a shift in the tactical balance is the comparative casualty counts .
According to the Associated Press , as of this writing Lebanese dead total at least 715 , of whom 628 are civilians , 29 Lebanese soldiers ( who , at least officially , are not in the fight ) , and only 58 Hezbollah fighters .
So Israel , with its American - style hi-tech “ precision weaponry , ” has killed 10 times as many innocents as enemies .
In contrast , of 120 Israeli dead , 82 are soldiers and only 38 civilians , despite the fact that Hezbollah ’s rockets are anything but precise ( think Congreves ) .
Israel can hit anything it can target , but against a Fourth Generation enemy , it can target very little .
The result not only points to a battlefield change of some significance , it also raises the question of who is the real “ terrorist . ”
Terror bombing by aircraft is still terror .
Understandably , these events keep Americans focused on the places where the fighting is taking place .
But more important developments may be occurring on the flanks , largely unnoticed .
An analysis piece in the Sunday Cleveland Plain Dealer by Sally Buzbee of AP notes ,
“ Anger toward America is high , extremists are on the upswing , and hopes for democracy in the Middle East lie dashed .
“ ‘ America , we hate you more than ever , ’ Ammar Ali Hassan wrote in the independent Egyptian daily al - Masry al - Youm , in the kind of visceral , slap - in - the - face rhetoric boiling across the region .
“ Even many Arab reformers now believe the United States cares more about supporting Israel than anything else , including democracy . ”
Egypt is one of the three centers of gravity of America ’s position in the Middle East , the others being Saudi Arabia and Pakistan .
An article by Michael Slackman in the Sunday New York Times suggests that Egyptians ’ anger is turning on their own government :
“ For decades , the Arab - Israeli conflict provided presidents , kings , emirs , and dictators of the region with a safety valve for public frustration .
“ That valve no longer appears to be working in Egypt .
“ ‘ The regular man on the street is beginning to connect everything together , ’ said Mr. [ Kamal ] Khalil , the director of the Center for Socialist Studies in Cairo .
‘ The regime impairing his livelihood is the same regime that is oppressing his freedom and the same regime that is colluding with Zionism and American hegemony . ' ”
Today , in an interview with the BBC , Jordan ’s King Abdullah warned that the map of the Middle East is becoming unrecognizable and its future appears “ dim . ”
Washington , which in its hubris ignores both its friends and its enemies , refusing to talk to the latter or listen to the former , does not grasp that if the flanks collapse , it is the end of our adventures in both Iraq and Afghanistan .
It is also , in a slightly longer time frame , the end of Israel .
No Crusader state survives forever , and in the long term Israel ’s existence depends on arriving at some sort of modus vivendi with the region .
The replacement of Mubarak , King Abdullah , and the House of Saud with the Muslim Brotherhood would make that possibility fade .
To the region , America ’s apparently unconditional and unbounded support for Israel and its occupation of Iraq are part of the same picture .
For a military historian , the question arises : will history see Iraq as America ’s Stalingrad ?
If we kick the analogy up a couple of levels , to the strategic and grand strategic , there are parallels .
Both the German and the American armies were able largely to take , but not hold , the objective .
Both had too few troops .
Both Berlin and Washington underestimated their enemy ’s ability to counterattack .
Both committed resources they needed elsewhere and could not replace to a strategically unimportant objective .
Finally , both entrusted their flanks to weak allies  and to luck .
Let us hope that , unlike Paulus , our commanders know when to get out , regardless of orders from a leader who will not recognize reality .
The tape was broadcast shortly after 1500 GMT on Thursday
Here is the full text of the message , as carried on al - Jazeera 's website .
I had not intended to speak to you about this issue , because , for us , this issue is already decided on : diamonds cut diamonds .
Praise be to God , our conditions are always improving and becoming better , while your conditions are to the contrary of this .
However , what prompted me to speak are the repeated fallacies of your President Bush in his comment on the outcome of the US opinion polls , which indicated that the overwhelming majority of you want the withdrawal of the forces from Iraq , but he objected to this desire and said that the withdrawal of troops would send a wrong message to the enemy .
Bush said :
It is better to fight them on their ground than they fighting us on our ground .
In my response to these fallacies , I say :
The war in Iraq is raging , and the operations in Afghanistan are on the rise in our favour , praise be to God .
The Pentagon figures indicate the rise in the number of your dead and wounded , let alone the huge material losses , and let alone the collapse of the morale of the soldiers there and the increase in the suicide cases among them .
So , just imagine the state of psychological breakdown that afflicts the soldier while collecting the remnants of his comrades ' dead bodies after they hit mines , which torn them .
Following such situation , the soldier becomes between two fires .
If he refuses to go out of his military barracks for patrols , he will face the penalties of the Vietnam butcher , and if he goes out , he will face the danger of mines .
So , he is between two bitter situations , something which puts him under psychological pressure - fear , humiliation , and coercion .
Moreover , his people are careless about him .
So , he has no choice but to commit suicide .
What you hear about him and his suicide is a strong message to you , which he wrote with his blood and soul while pain and bitterness eat him up so that you would save what you can save from this hell .
However , the solution is in your hand if you care about them .
The news of our brother mujahideen , however , is different from what is published by the Pentagon .
This news indicates that what is carried by the news media does not exceed what is actually taking place on the ground .
What increases doubts on the information of the White House 's administration is its targeting of the news media , which carry some facts about the real situation .
Documents have recently showed that the butcher of freedom in the world [ US President Bush ] had planned to bomb the head office of al - Jazeera Space Channel in the state of Qatar after he bombed its offices in Kabul and Baghdad , although despite its defects , it is [ Al - Jazeera ] one of your creations .
Jihad is continuing , praise be to God , despite all the repressive measures the US army and its agents take to the point where there is no significant difference between these crimes and those of Saddam .
These crimes include the raping of women and taking them hostage instead of their husbands .
There is no power but in God .
The torturing of men has reached the point of using chemical acids and electric drills in their joints .
If they become desperate with them , they put the drill on their heads until death .
If you like , read the humanitarian reports on the atrocities and crimes in the prisons of Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo .
I say that despite all the barbaric methods , they have failed to ease resistance , and the number of mujahideen , praise be to God , is increasing .
In fact , reports indicate that the defeat and devastating failure of the ill - omened plan of the four - Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , and Wolfowitz - and the announcement of this defeat and working it out , is only a matter of time , which is to some extent linked to the awareness of the American people of the magnitude of this tragedy .
The wise ones know that Bush has no plan to achieve his alleged victory in Iraq .
If you compare the small number of the dead when Bush made that false and stupid show - like announcement from an aircraft carrier on the end of the major operations , to many times as much as this number of the killed and injured , who fell in the minor operations , you will know the truth in what I am saying , and that Bush and his administration do not have neither the desire nor the will to withdraw from Iraq for their own dubious reasons .
To go back to where I started , I say that the results of the poll satisfy sane people and that Bush 's objection to them is false .
Reality testifies that the war against America and its allies has not remained confined to Iraq , as he claims .
In fact , Iraq has become a point of attraction and recruitment of qualified resources .
On the other hand , the mujahideen , praise be to God , have managed to breach all the security measures adopted by the unjust nations of the coalition time and again .
The evidence of this is the bombings you have seen in the capitals of the most important European countries of this aggressive coalition .
As for the delay in carrying out similar operations in America , this was not due to failure to breach your security measures .
Operations are under preparation , and you will see them on your own ground once they are finished , God willing .
Based on the above , we see that Bush 's argument is false .
However , the argument that he avoided , which is the substance of the results of opinion polls on withdrawing the troops , is that it is better not to fight the Muslims on their land and for them not to fight us on our land .
We do not object to a long - term truce with you on the basis of fair conditions that we respect .
We are a nation , for which God has disallowed treachery and lying .
In this truce , both parties will enjoy security and stability and we will build Iraq and Afghanistan , which were destroyed by the war .
There is no defect in this solution other than preventing the flow of hundreds of billions to the influential people and war merchants in America , who supported Bush 's election campaign with billions of dollars .
Hence , we can understand the insistence of Bush and his gang to continue the war .
If you have a genuine will to achieve security and peace , we have already answered you .
If Bush declines but to continue lying and practicing injustice [ against us ] , it is useful for you to read the book of " The Rogue State " , the introduction of which reads :
If I were a president , I would halt the operations against the United States .
First , I will extend my apologies to the widows , orphans , and the persons who were tortured .
Afterwards , I will announce that the US interference in the world 's countries has ended for ever .
Finally , I would like to tell you that the war is for you or for us to win .
If we win it , it means your defeat and disgrace forever as the wind blows in this direction with God 's help .
If you win it , you should read the history .
We are a nation that does not tolerate injustice and seek revenge forever .
Days and nights will not go by until we take revenge as we did on 11 September , God willing , and until your minds are exhausted and your lives become miserable and things turn [ for the worse ] , which you detest .
As for us , we do not have anything to lose .
The swimmer in the sea does not fear rain .
You have occupied our land , defiled our honour , violated our dignity , shed our blood , ransacked our money , demolished our houses , rendered us homeless , and tampered with our security .
We will treat you in the same way .
You tried to deny us the decent life , but you cannot deny us a decent death .
Refraining from performing jihad , which is sanctioned by our religion , is an appalling sin .
The best way of death for us is under the shadows of swords .
Do not be deluded by your power and modern weapons .
Although they win some battles , they lose the war .
Patience and steadfastness are better than them .
What is important is the outcome .
We have been tolerant for 10 years in fighting the Soviet Union with our few weapons and we managed to drain their economy .
They became history , with God 's help .
You should learn lessons from that .
We will remain patient in fighting you , God willing , until the one whose time has come dies first .
We will not escape the fight as long as we hold our weapons in our hands .
I swear not to die but a free man even if I taste the bitterness of death .
I fear to be humiliated or betrayed .
Peace be upon those who follow guidance .
BBC Monitoring selects and translates news from radio , television , press , news agencies and the internet from 150 countries in more than 70 languages .
It is based in Caversham , UK , and has several bureaus abroad .
“ We can not use the income from oil to buy gasoline for over 5,000 rials per liter and give it to people for 800 rials , ’’ said Ismail Jabarzadeh , a member of Parliament .
“ We have postponed making this decision for many years , but eventually the right decision should be made . ”
Those funds will be exhausted by August , and the government must then either secure more money for the imports or begin limiting consumption .
Without imports , drivers would have to consume 42 percent less gasoline .
Parliament and the government of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad are still discussing options , including rationing domestically produced gasoline and selling imported gasoline at its regional price .
The minister of economy , Davoud Danesh - Jafari , said Monday that rationing would have to wait until at least December , the ISNA student news agency reported , so that the government could issue smart cards to track sales to replace its gasoline coupons , which are easily sold on the black market .
And while the government has publicly said it definitely intended to ration supplies , doing so would risk serious political and social consequences .
Even the previous president , Mohammad Khatami , who encouraged liberalizing the economy , was afraid to raise gas prices or ration supplies , fearing inflation and social discontent .
The federal government has quietly begun using an incredibly intrusive new census form called " The American Community Survey . "
Up to 1 million households a year will receive this form .
This new " census " form is 24 - pages long , and demands that you lay bare every detail of your life , including how much you earn , what your home is worth , details of your health , when you leave for work , previous addresses , pregnancies , monies received from government , and on and on .
I say demand because you can be fined up to $ 1,000 for each of the 72 questions you don�t answer or which you answer " incorrectly . "
However , so far no one has been fined for not answering , nor are they likely to be if public resistance is strong .
The ways the government could use this information to harm you are mind - boggling .
For instance , any financial discrepancy with IRS or Social Security records could result in your criminal prosecution .
Knowing when you leave for work could enable police , acting under the Patriot Act , to secretly enter your home .
The American Community Survey also demands that you to report on the activities of relatives , employers and roommates .
Joseph Stalin could hardly ask for more surveillance powers .
You can download the survey at www.census.gov/acs/www/
Article I of the Constitution allows the government to conduct a count of the American people once every ten years to determine voting districts .
Nothing in the Constitution gives government the power to continuously spy on the people or probe every intimate detail of their lives .
As Congressman Ron Paul observes , questions on the American Community Survey are " both ludicrous and insulting , " and this information is simply none of the government 's business .
I fervently hope that millions of Americans will burn their forms or accidentally lose them .
Plank on the floor – Normal plank on the floor for one minute .
Make sure your body is completely straight .
If you ca n’t do one complete minute break it up with mini rests but abs must be under tension for a full 60 seconds .
Stability Ball Rollouts – Move right into 20 reps of stability ball rollouts .
Start on your knees with hands on the ball and body upright .
Then slowly roll out the ball and let your body fall forward in a controlled manner .
Go as low as you can without bowing your back then come back up .
How do you make sure that your belly is sculpted properly ?
Simply put , you will have to create a daily calorie deficit .
This means you have to cut down on the calories that you take in day by day .
Of course , you will have to do this gradually .
Cutting down on your calorie intake drastically is counterproductive .
It will cause your body to go into shock and store fats in an effort to protect itself from the shock of getting too little calories all at once .
If you find the right workouts for abs that give you the best and fast results , that is very beneficial to you and will really aide in your ab development .
You ca n’t base your ab workouts off one just one type .
Have a variety .
This will spice up your routine and make it more enjoyable for you while you are toning your muscles .
The best thing to do while doing your ab workouts is to lose some weight during the process .
Your workouts will not take effect if you have a huge fatty layer in your belly .
You have to lose some of those fats to trigger your muscles and shape them into great abs .
The second of the easy ab workouts is the lower ab crunch .
You will need to lie down on your back for this exercise as well .
The legs will be bent at the knees and folded over when you raise them .
Press the lower back to the floor keeping the palms down by the sides of the body .
Breathe out while lifting the buttocks and hips slightly .
Yahoo !
Inc. on Monday will announce the acquisition of Konfabulator , a Macintosh and Windows application that allows users to run mini files known as Widgets on their desktop -- the same model used by Apple for its Dashboard application .
Yahoo !
company executives said they would also be giving Konfabulator away for free , completely doing away with the US $ 19.95 currently charged for the product .
Yahoo ! said the reason they purchased Konfabulator was that they wanted an easy way to open up its APIs to the developer community and allow them easy access to the information on the Yahoo !
Web site .
In doing this , Widgets could be built without having to scrape sites in order to get information .
“ What we can do with Konfabulator is wrap these services that we are opening up into an environment that is really easy for people to now become developers , ” Tony Schneider , vice president of the Yahoo !
Developer Network , told MacCentral .
Schneider also confirmed that Konfabulator would be available for free .
In addition , Yahoo !
plans to refund customers that purchased the product in the last two months .
The acquisition of Konfabulator may not be the last Mac compatible product users see from Yahoo !
While Schneider was n’t specific , he did say that there was interest in the Mac .
“ There is a move at Yahoo ! -- in addition to Konfabulator -- to move more onto the Mac , ” said Schneider .
“ We want to make sure we find a way to be more cross platform . ”
What does it mean for Mac users ?
Arlo Rose , Longtime Macintosh developer and CEO of Konfabulator parent company Pixoria , will be staying on to head the development of Konfabulator at Yahoo !
With the title Director of Widget Technology , Schneider said that , “ Arlo is going to continue to drive the vision for Konfabulator and push the envelope of the platform . ”
Rose also confirmed that the two engineers that worked on Konfabulator with him will also take jobs at Yahoo ! to continue their work on the product , as well .
Rose said that Konfabulator would not be going away as a Macintosh application .
In fact , he said it is quite the opposite as they look at new avenues of growth for Konfabulator .
“ Our focus is to never stray from multiple platforms , ” Rose told MacCentral .
“ As a matter of fact , one of our goals is to investigate ways to open up Konfabulator to things like cell phones and maybe even Linux and your Tivo device .
It ’s about complete multi-platform distribution . ”
With the acquisition by Yahoo !
Konfabulator ’s developer base could soar many times beyond what it was at Pixoria .
This , said Rose , is a good thing for the Mac platform .
“ I think this is going to be a great opportunity for Mac users because it is opening up Konfabulator to such a huge audience that we never had the ability to do as a three person company , ” said Rose .
“ Having Apple there with Dashboard is going to continue to drive us to make a better product . ”
What about the Widgets
Yahoo !
currently makes two Widgets for Apple ’s Dashboard : My Yahoo ! and Yahoo! Local Traffic .
While the company will continue to develop those Widgets for Dashboard in the short term , no decision has been made on the future development for those products .
“ Right now we will definitely continue doing those , but we have n’t fully decided yet , ” said Schneider .
Yahoo ! will be making those Widgets available for Konfabulator and that is our focus . ”
“ We wo n’t be taking the core set of Konfabulator Widgets and making them work on Dashboard , but we will work with the people that made the Dashboard Widgets here at Yahoo and make those work with Konfabulator , ” added Rose .
Rose said that there would also be opportunities at Yahoo ! for some of the best Widget designers in the community .
Although he could make no promises , Rose said he would also like to see a cross platform tool , so that you could convert Dashboard Widgets to Konfabulator Widgets .
For longtime Konfabulator developers , Rose believes this move will be better for them , giving them access to more resources than ever before .
“ Hopefully it [ developer reaction ] will be positive , ” said Rose .
“ What we ’re doing is integrating ourselves into Yahoo ’s developer network , so we ’ll be giving them a lot more information and help than we have in the past because we will have more resources to be able to do that . ”
Rose said that Yahoo ! anticipates millions of downloads of Konfabulator over the next few weeks .
Whether on the Windows or Mac side , both Rose and Schneider see this as a good thing for the Mac platform .
“ The thing that is really important to us is that by opening it up to such a huge Yahoo audience , we get all of these Windows people that are into creating all of these amazing Widgets without scrapping sites -- that spills over to the Mac universe , ” said Rose .
“ It takes what the Mac currently has with Dashboard and opens it up to this massive amount of people to start developing these things .
It ’s not just being developed on a Mac for a Mac , it ’s being developed by everybody for the Mac . ”
This story , " Yahoo! acquires Konfabulator " was originally published by PCWorld .
Most Recent Winning Lottery Numbers
Announced 03/25/07
for months 1 & 2 '07 Grand Prize 61737 609 Regular Prizes
頭獎 10439 011 67032 883 84391 882 Bonus Numbers
六獎 None * Update : New Game , New Number : to heighten interest in the game ( and thus reinforce the likelihood that merchants will print receipts ) the Lotto officials have added a new winning number giving you another ( and hopefully easier ) chance to win : if any of your receipts have the same last THREE numbers in the same order as this new number , you win NT$ 200 .
The strange thing about this game is that sometimes they do n't run it .
And , this is one of those times .
They 've put it all in potholes .
----------------
Hi.
Well , so , you 've been walking out of stores trying to leave behind your receipt when the cashier implores you to take it .
Your local friends look at you aghast !
And so , you 've got them , some of them ... a bunch of them .
They swirl and eddy around your apartment .
You try to throw them out but ... you pause .
There 's a lottery .
Some time , somehow , somewhere ....
Then , suddenly , you see your co-teachers buzzing with tales of major wins ... money for nothing .
Hunkered down with big fist - fulls of receipts , they are raking it in , retiring to Bimini .
Meanwhile you 're receipts are just skittering around back home .
Stop tossing those babies aside , and start playing !
Here 's the story .
I 'm from abroad .
Can I win ?
Yes !
We foreign folk are in the running .
As long as your visa is valid , start sizing up those Rolls Royces .
Second -- why do they have this thing ?
In an effort to get merchants to keep things on the books , the government came up with the Receipt Lottery .
The theory being , with millions in winnings on the line , customers would start demanding receipts with every purchase and merchants would wind up with all their income on the books .
Third -- how does it work ?
Each receipt gets a unique eight digit number stamped on it .
On the 25th of every odd month they announce six winning numbers .
You check your receipt numbers from the previous two months .
Of the six numbers they announce two are NT$ 200 winners , three are regular prize numbers , worth up to NT $ 200,000 , and one is a grand prize number worth two MILLION !
For the two NT $ 200 numbers , if any of your receipts end in the same last three numbers these , you get NT$ 200 .
For the three regular prize numbers , the amount you win is based on how many of the numbers on your receipt sequentially match the regular prize numbers .
If any of your receipts has the same last three numbers , in the same order , you win NT$ 200 .
If any of your receipts has the same last four numbers , in the same order , you win NT $ 1000 .
Same last five numbers in the same order , NT $ 4,000 .
Same last six numbers in the same order , NT $ 10,000 .
Same last seven numbers in the same order , NT $ 40,000 .
All eight numbers in the same order , NT $ 200,000 .
That 's for the three regular prize numbers : partial to total matches get you different money .
Then , there 's that GRAND Prize number .
Only one way to win : have all the same numbers in the same order .
O.K. , so ... you 've checked your receipts , and you 've got a winner !
What now ?
If you 've won the 2 million , or first through third prizes in the regular numbers contest , you collect these prizes only from The Taiwan Cooperative Bank , http://www.tcb-bank.com.tw/ .
They run the show for the government .
For all the other prizes , NT $ 10,000 to NT $ 200 , you can go to any branch of the :
How much will you be collecting ?
Well , if you win NT $ 1000 or less , you 'll walk away with the full amount .
But , lest the taxman finds himself out of the loop from his own lottery , he 's instituted a nifty little lottery tax of ... 20 % !! for prizes above 1000 .
Nice racket , eh ?
Along with the winning number , your receipt has to have the company 's information stamped on it .
Usually this happens automatically when your receipt comes out of the register .
But , sometimes it does n't get stamped on there .
Should you come up a winner , but are missing this info ... do n't despair .
Just take it back to wherever you got the purchase from , and ask them for a Tong - Eee Fah - Pyow , .
In collecting your prize , you 'll get to become familiar with the back of your winning receipt , which bears a tiny little form for you to fill out .
Also , you 'll find a bit of a disclaimer of sorts .
Once you win , you 've got three months to claim your prize .
That 'll give you time to line up your body guards , accountants and high - powered advisors .
And , there you go .
Now that you 've got lotto fever , what are you waiting for ?! ;)
The New York Times broke the story today that the testosterone found in Tour de France champion Floyd Landis ’s blood was not from a natural source .
Just how do they know that , and how reliable is the test ?
The first thing an anti-doping lab looks for in such a case is the ratio of testosterone to the isomeric epitestosterone – too high an imbalance is physiologically unlikely and arouses suspicion .
Landis already is in trouble from that reading , but the subject of the Times scoop is the isotopic ratio of the testosterone itself .
And that one is going to be hard to get away from , if it ’s true .
Update : people are asking me why athletes do n’t just take extra epistestosterone to even things out .
That they do – that ’s the most basic form of masking , and if Landis ’s ratio was as far off as is being reported , it ’s one of the odd features about this case .
But the isotope test will spot either one , if it ’s not the kind your body produces itself – read on .
Steroids , by weight , are mostly carbon atoms .
Most of the carbon in the world is the C - 12 isotope , six protons and six neutrons , but around one per cent of it has an extra neutron to make it C - 13 .
Those are the only stable isotopes of carbon .
You can find tiny bits of radioactive C - 14 , though , and you can also get C - 11 if you have access to a particle accelerator .
Work fast , though , because it ’s hot as a pistol .
So , testosterone has 19 carbon atoms , and if on average every one out of a hundred carbon atoms is a C - 13 , you can calculate the spread of molecular weights you could expect , and their relative abundance .
One out of every ten thousand molecules would have two C - 13 atoms in there somewhere , one out of every million or so would have three , and so on .
A good mass spectrometer will lay this data out for you like a deck of cards .
But here ’s the kicker : those isotopic forms of the elements behave a bit differently in chemical reactions .
The heavier ones do the same things as their lighter cousins , but if they ’re involved in or near key bond - breaking or bond - making steps , they do them more slowly .
It ’s like having a heavier ball attached to the other end of a spring .
This is called a kinetic isotope effect , and chemists have found all sorts of weird and ingenious ways to expoit it .
But it ’s been showing up for a lot longer than we ’ve been around .
The enzymatic reactions that plants and bacteria use when they take up or form carbon dioxide have been slowly and relentlessly messing with the isotope ratios of carbon for hundreds of millions of years .
And since decayed plants are food for other plants , and the living plants are food for animals , which are food for other animals and fertilizer for still more plants .
.
. over all this time , biological systems have become enriched in the lighter , faster - reacting C - 12 isotope , while the rest of the nonliving world has become a bit heavier in C - 13 .
You can sample the air next to a bunch of plants and watch as they switch from daytime photosynthesis to nighttime respiration , just based on the carbon isotope ratios .
Ridiculously tiny variations in these things can now be observed , which have led to all sorts of unlikely applications , from determining where particular batches of cocaine came from to figuring out the dietary preferences of extinct herbivores .
So , if your body is just naturally cranking out the testosterone , it ’s going to have a particular isotopic signature .
But if you ’re taking the synthetic stuff , which has been partly worked on with abiotic forms of carbon derived from a different source ( see below ) , the fingerprints will show .
( Update : yes , this means that the difference between commercial testosterone and the body ’s own supply is n’t as large as it would be otherwise , since the commercial synthesis generally starts from plant - derived steroid backbones .
But it ’s still nothing that a good mass spec lab would miss ) .
If the news reports are right , that ’s what Landis ’s blood samples have shown .
And if they have , there seems only one unfortunate conclusion to be drawn .
Chem - Geek Supplemental Update : for the folks who have been wondering where exactly the isotopic difference comes in , here ’s the story : synthetic testosterone is made from phytosterol percursors , typically derived from wild yams or soy .
Those are both warm - climate C3 plants , which take up atmospheric carbon dioxide by a different route than temperate - zone C4 plants , leading to noticeably different isotope ratios .
That ’s where all the isotope - driven studies of diet start from .
The typical Western industrial - country diet is derived from a mixture of C3 and C4 stocks , so the appearance of testosterone with a C3 - plant isotopic profile is diagnostic .
THE STREETS OF
SAN FRANCISCO -
FROM THE
TAXI DRIVER'S SEAT ,
Spring Photos ,
March 2006 - June 2006 .
It 's been over three months since the last edition of " From the Taxi Driver 's Seat . "
It 's summer now , so let 's look back and see what I shot during the last couple of months .
Also in this edition I thought it might be fun to add to the captions the date and time I took the photo .
On April 18 , 2006 the city of San Francisco celebrated the 100th anniversary of the big 1906 earthquake .
In addition to the many city events making note of the anniversary the city also shined color lights with the number " 100 " on the ferry building .
The building opened a couple of years before the quake and survived the big one .
This photo was take on April 20th at 12:16 a.m .
A homeless man checks out a trash can at 9th and Irving Streets .
This photo was shot on March 11th at 6:29 p.m .
Francis Ford Coppola sits outside his cafe on Columbus Avenue in the city 's North Beach district .
Coppola owns the building which houses his offices while the ground floor is used as a restaurant .
This photo was shot on June 20th at 8:01 p.m .
Two guys push an overheating car out of the intersection of Broadway and Columbus .
This photo was shot on June 10th at 7:01 p.m .
The view inside my side view mirrow of a cable car coming down Powell Street at twilight .
The photo was shot on April 5th at 7:51 p.m .
Believe it or not - this guy was trying to sell this live chicken on the corner of Pacific and Stockton Street .
I felt bad for the chicken .
I could just picture him yelling , " Hey , put me down stupied . "
This photo was shot June 3rd at 5:30 p.m .
Hey , it 's just the billboard at the O'Farrell Theater , but it 's cool .
This photo was shot on March 16th at 2:05 a.m .
I call this " street kiss , " it was shot on May 24th at 5:18 p.m .
A variation of this shot has been on this website previously , but I like this new version .
It 's the view of the Steiner Street victorian houses seen from upper Hayes Street at twilight .
This photo was shot March 18th at 7:11 p.m .
I think this woman was coming from the wine festival at Fort Mason .
I might be wrong , but in any case , she was in a good mood .
This photo was shot on April 29th at 7:17 p.m .
People line up outside the original Fillmore Auditorium for an Ice Cube concert .
This photo was shot on April 25th at 6:50 p.m .
A view of the bay from Aquatic Park across from Ghiradelli Square .
This photo was shot on March 28th at 6:56 p.m .
I asked this dog to smile , but I suppose this is the best he could do .
This photo was shot on May 24th at 6:47 p.m .
The building is Grace Catheral as seen from California and Taylor Streets on the south west corner .
This photo was shot on March 29th at 9:05 p.m .
The lady on the left thinks something is funny .
The man on the right does n't .
This photo was shot on May 24th at 5:30 p.m .
Looks like someone is having their photograph taken .
This photo was shot on June 3rd at 6:41 p.m .
The church on the corner of Filbert and Steiner Streets looks dramatic when shot near sunset .
This photo was taken on March 10th at 7:14 p.m .
A guy takes a photograph of the mural on 6th Street .
This photo was taken on April 8th at 6:25 p.m .
I love this shot .
The man on the right sits on the Hyde Street cable car with his seven kids while his wife takes a photograph .
Can you see all seven kids ?
This photo was shot on April 15th at 6:34 p.m .
Concert - goers get searched as they enter the Fillmore on Geary Street .
This photo was shot on April 15th at 9:21 p.m .
Hey , let 's all laugh .
This photo was shot on April 12th at 6:41 p.m .
This is what I saw from the taxi seat .
You know as much as I do .
This photo was shot on May 27th at 8:02 p.m .
I love the face that the middle guy is making in this photograph .
This photo was shot on May 25th at 6:53 p.m .
This crazy scene was happening behind me .
I shot this in my side view mirror .
I can't believe how sharp it is .
This photo was shot on April 8th at 6:54 p.m .
Hey , you crazy clown , get out of here .
This photo was shot at Fisherman 's Wharf on June 3rd at 5:57 p.m .
I know it 's another mirror shot , but how often do you see something like this in YOUR rear view mirror .
This photo was shot on June 3rd at 6 p.m .
Do n't get lost !
This photo was shot on April 15th at 6:24 p.m .
This lady did not fall .
She was actually doing sit-ups on the coner of Broadway and Taylor Streets .
This photo was shot on June 20th at 6:56 p.m .
I call this photo " Boy on the Cable Car . "
This photo was shot on April 5th at 5:36 p.m .
It took almost a full two months into this year 's baseball season until they actually changed the signs at the ballpark from SBC Park to AT and T Park .
This is the third name the San Francisco Giants ballpark has had since it opened in 2000 .
The first name was Pacific Bell Park .
This photo was shot on May 19th at 8:03 p.m .
Bonus Photos
I shot this the night after I created the above page .
I love it so much that I could n't resist adding it on .
It 's the back seat of my taxi .
A baby named Pretty smiles at the dog named Shoegoal .
The photo was shot on June 24th at 5:58 p.m .
My passenger said that Shoegoal is a nanny dog trained in New Orleans to take care of children .
I wonder what she does if she needs to call 911 ?
This photo was shot on June 24th at 5:52 p.m .
Bonus Photo With Special Effects Francis Ford Coppola reads a book outside his cafe in North Beach .
I added some special effects to this image with PhotoShop .
This photo was shot on June 20th at 7:14 p.m .
WELL , THAT'S IT UNTIL NEXT SEASON .
DROP ME AN E-MAIL , Philflash@AOL.com AND GIVE ME SOME FEEDBACK .
I APPRECIATE ANY COMMENTS - NEGATIVE OR POSITIVE .
THANKS !
Back to Top
A Pilot on Airline Security
Good comments from Salon ’s pilot - in - residence on airline security :
In the days ahead , you can expect sharp debate on whether the killing was justified , and whether the nation ’s several thousand air marshals — their exact number is a tightly guarded secret — undergo sufficient training .
How are they taught to deal with mentally ill individuals who might be unpredictable and unstable , but not necessarily dangerous ?
Are the rules of engagement overly aggressive ?
Those are fair questions , but not the most important ones .
Wednesday ’s incident fulfills what many of us predicted ever since the Federal Air Marshals Service was widely expanded following the 2001 terror attacks in New York , Pennsylvania and Washington :
The first person killed by a sky marshal , whether through accident or misunderstanding , would not be a terrorist .
In a lot of ways , Alpizar is the latest casualty of Sept. 11 .
He is not the victim of a trigger - happy federal marshal but of our own , now fully metastasized security mania .
And :
Terrorists , meanwhile , wo n’t waste their time on schemes with such an extreme likelihood of failure .
Unfortunately , the same cannot be said for us .
In America , reasoned debate and clear thinking are n’t the useful currencies they once were , and backlash to the TSA ’s announcement has come from a host of unexpected sources — members of Congress , flight attendants unions and families of Sept. 11 victims .
“ The Bush administration proposal is just asking the next Mohammed Atta to move from box cutters to scissors , ” said Rep. Markey .
Actually , that Atta and his henchmen used box cutters to commandeer four aircraft means very little .
Just as effectively , they could have employed snapped - off pieces of plastic , shattered bottles or , for that matter , their own bare fists and some clever wile .
Sept. 11 had nothing to do with exploiting airport security and everything to do with exploiting our mindset at the time .
What weapons the terrorists had or did n’t have is essentially irrelevant .
Hijackings , to that point in history , were perpetrated mainly through bluff , and while occasionally deadly , they seldom resulted in more than a temporary inconvenience — diversions to Cuba or cities in the Middle East .
The moment American flight 11 collided with the north tower of the World Trade Center , everything changed ; good luck to the next skyjacker stupid enough to attempt the same stunt with anything less than a flamethrower in his hand .
And finally :
This is almost acceptable , if only there were n’t so many hours of squandered time and manpower in the balance .
Nobody wants weapons on a jetliner .
But , more critical , neither do we want to bog down the system .
The longer we fuss at the metal detectors over low - threat objects , the greater we expose ourselves to the very serious dangers of bombs and explosives .
TSA is not in need of more screeners ; it ’s in need of reallocation of personnel and resources .
It was , we should n’t forget , 17 years ago this month that Pan Am flight 103 was destroyed over Lockerbie , Scotland by a stash of Semtex hidden inside a Toshiba radio in a piece of checked luggage .
Then as now , and perhaps for years to come , explosives were the most serious high - level threat facing commercial aviation .
European authorities were quick to implement a sweeping revision of luggage - screening protocols designed to thwart another Lockerbie .
It took almost 15 years , and the catastrophe of Sept. 11 , before America began to do the same — and a comprehensive system still is n’t fully in place .
Flying was and remains exceptionally safe , but whether that ’s because or in spite of the system is tough to tell .
The “ war on terror ” has left us fighting many enemies — some real , many imagined .
We ’ll figure things out at some point , maybe .
Until then , dead in Miami , Rigoberto Alpizar is yet more collateral damage .
Posted on December 12 , 2005 at 1:21 PM • 40 Comments
She always said she would like to design clothes one day , well that day has come .
Kate Moss has signed a deal with UK chain store , TopShop , to create a clothing line that will debut in Spring 2007 .
TopShop announced the deal that is reportedly worth over $ 3 million with all Topshop stores to stock the designs .
This follows an announcement that week that TopShop were opening a flagship store in New York .
“ Kate has a unique position as a true fashion icon and I look forward to helping develop ‘ Kate Moss for Topshop ’ into a global brand , ” said Sir Philip Green , the Arcadia Group ’s owner , which owns TopShop .
“ I have always been a big fan of Topshop and regularly shop there , ” Moss said .
“ I love what they stand for and am very excited at the thought of working with them .
It ’s going to be great fun . ”
Moss ’ first creations , expected to include basics such as bags , jeans and vests , are due in shops in April 2007 .
The Dumbest Deaths in Recorded History
Attila the Hun :
One of the most notorious villains in history , Attila 's army had conquered all of Asia by 450 AD - from Mongolia to the edge of the Russian Empire - by destroying villages and pillaging the countryside .
How he died :
He got a nosebleed on his wedding night .
In 453 AD , Attila married a young girl named Ildico .
Despite his reputation for ferocity on the battlefield , he tended to eat and drink lightly during large banquets .
On his wedding night , however , he really cut loose , gorging himself on food and drink .
Sometime during the night he suffered a nosebleed , but was too drunk to notice .
He drowned in his own blood and was found dead the next morning .
Tycho Brahe :
An important Danish astronomer of the 16th century .
His ground breaking research allowed Sir Isaac Newton to come up with the theory of gravity .
How he died : Did n't get to the bathroom in time .
In the 16th century , it was considered an insult to leave a banquet table before the meal was over .
Brahe , known to drink excessively , had a bladder condition - but failed to relieve himself before the banquet started .
He made matters worse by drinking too much at dinner , and was too polite to ask to be excused .
His bladder finally burst , killing him slowly and painfully over the next 11 days .
Horace Wells :
Pioneered the use of anesthesia in the 1840s
How he died : Used anesthetics to commit suicide .
While experimenting with various gases during his anesthesia research , Wells became addicted to chloroform .
In 1848 he was arrested for spraying two women with sulfuric acid .
In a letter he wrote from jail , he blamed chloroform for his problems , claiming that he 'd gotten high before the attack .
Four days later he was found dead in his cell .
He 'd anaesthetized himself with chloroform and slashed open his thigh with a razor .
Francis Bacon :
One of the most influential minds of the late 16th century .
A statesman , a philosopher , a writer , and a scientist , he was even rumored to have written some of Shakespeare 's plays .
How he died : Stuffing snow into a chicken
One afternoon in 1625 , Bacon was watching a snowstorm and was struck by the wondrous notion that maybe snow could be used to preserve meat in the same way that salt was used .
Determined to find out , he purchased a chicken from a nearby village , killed it , and then , standing outside in the snow , attempted to stuff the chicken full of snow to freeze it .
The chicken never froze , but Bacon did .
Jerome Irving Rodale :
Founding father of the organic food movement , creator of " Organic Farming and Gardening " magazine , and founder of Rodale Press , a major publishing corporation .
How he died :
On the " Dick Cavett Show " , while discussing the benefits of organic foods .
Rodale , who bragged " I 'm going to live to be 100 unless I 'm run down by a sugar - crazed taxi driver , " was only 72 when he appeared on the " Dick Cavett Show " in January 1971 .
Part way through the interview , he dropped dead in his chair .
Cause of death : heart attack .
The show was never aired .
Aeschylus :
A Greek playwright back in 500 BC .
Many historians consider him the father of Greek tragedies .
How he died :
An eagle dropped a tortoise on his head
According to legend , eagles picked up tortoises and attempt to crack them open by dropping them on rocks .
An eagle mistook Aeschylus ' head for a rock ( he was bald ) and dropped it on him instead .
Jim Fixx :
Author of the best selling " Complete Book of Running , " which started the jogging craze of the 1970s .
How he died : A heart attack .... while jogging
Fixx was visiting Greensboro , Vermont when he walked out of his house and began jogging .
He 'd only gone a short distance when he had a massive coronary .
His autopsy revealed that one of his coronary arteries was 99 % clogged , another was 80 % obstructed , and a third was 70 % blocked .... and that Fixx had had three other attacks in the weeks prior to his death .
Tips for Startup Companies by Philip Greenspun ; created February 2006 , updated February 2011 Site Home : Business : One Section
Three Good Reasons to Start Your Own Company
You know how to do something that nobody else can do ( the typical MIT tech spinoff approach )
You have a lower cost of capital than anyone else ( the " my dad was really rich " approach taken by Bill Gates and others )
You have a better understanding of one kind of customer than anyone else .
Having rich parents is great .
In fact , it is the best and surest way to get rich in these United States .
Unfortunately , having a low cost of capital is no guarantee of success because , as formerly poor countries have become ridiculously rich , capital has become very cheap .
Your competitors can probably get a home equity loan at 6 percent on their McMansions .
How much cheaper can your cost of capital possibly be ?
The most reliable source of supranormal profits is superior knowledge of one kind of customer ( Way # 3 ) .
Ideally this will be the kind of customer that larger companies are overlooking .
The founders of SAP , for example , were employees of IBM Germany for many years and got exposed to the accounting challenges of large manufacturers .
When they quit IBM , they were among the best situated programmers in the world to build an accounting system for manufacturing companies .
It is not because these guys were the world 's best programmers that SAP is today bringing in $ 10 billion per year in revenue and has a market capitalization of $ 60 billion .
It is because these guys were the best programmers who understood the problems of their customers .
If you do n't understand customers , consider taking a customer - facing job ( think " sales engineer " or " product manager " rather than " cubicle - dwelling system internals programmer " ) at a company that already has the kind of customers you think constitute an attractive market .
Once you 've figured out what the customers need , quit and start your own company .
Do n't Be Self - Employed in a State with Unlimited Child Support
Real World Divorce
Do n't Get Too Good at Raising Money
Another issue is that , if you raise a lot of money , the investors will eventually come looking for a return on their investment .
One of my flying buddies was tapped to be CEO of a company that had raised $ 40 million to build an obscure scientific instrument .
After one year he told the investors that the market was limited to a handful of military agencies and that they would likely never get a return on their investment .
The venture capitalists fired him in hopes of getting a better answer from another manager .
They never did and the company , while it did not go bankrupt , never provided a return to the investors .
Venture Capital and the Successful Company = High Risk
Unfortunately , most venture capitalists do n't like to take risks .
They do n't know how to evaluate products , technologies , people , or markets .
So they do n't want to fund a company until it has significant revenue .
I.e. , they only want to fund a company that is already worth a lot .
Suppose that you own the kind of company that is attractive to venture capitalists .
You have $ 10 million in revenue , of which $ 1.5 million is profit .
You could simply move $ 1.5 million into your personal checking account every year , but instead have chosen to reinvest the profits in your growing business .
You are feeling a little tight on capital and worry that if one of your competitors , flush with venture capital or money from a public stock offering , gets intelligent and efficient , you could be snuffed out .
But you are n't that worried because you own an enterprise that is probably worth at least $ 10 - 20 million .
You are a multi-millionaire !
Suppose that you decide to take venture capital .
The VCs value your company at $ 25 million right now and put in $ 10 million for a minority share .
Buried somewhere deep in the notebooks of legal documents that closed your deal will be something about " participation rights " for the preferred shareholders ( the VCs ) .
Basically it says that if the company is ever sold , the first $ 10 million goes to the preferred shareholders ( them ) and then the rest of the sale price is divided up among preferred and common shareholders ( you ) according to percentage of ownership .
Some VCs get a little more aggressive on their participation rights and add a 10 percent annual interest .
So if the company sells five years later they'd be guaranteed the first $ 15 million or so .
Now imagine that the strong economy that enabled you to grow to $ 10 million in revenue on your small initial investment begins to falter .
Customers are deferring purchases .
Perhaps the whole market segment is shrinking and becoming unattractive to investors .
Your revenue is down to $ 5 million per year .
Profits are down .
Your entire enterprise is only worth about $ 5 million now ( 1X revenue is n't uncommon for a private company in a boring market ) .
If you had not taken venture capital , you are still a rich person .
You own something worth $ 5 million .
It was better a few years ago , when you owned something worth $ 10 - 20 million , but you can still afford a Robinson R44 helicopter and to hang out at the local airport with radiologists and gynecologists .
If you had taken venture capital , however , your commmon shares are now worthless .
It is very unlikely that your company will ever be worth more than the $ 10 million that was invested by the preferreds and therefore all that you will ever get out of this company is your salary .
You are a wage slave even if you do n't realize it yet .
How can you cut down your risk ?
One obvious approach is to steer clear of venture capital and grow your company a little more slowly .
Anything more than 25 percent annual growth tends to be chaotic .
A less obvious approach is to insist that the venture capitalists buy some of your common shares at the time of the investment .
There are a lot of venture capitalists and not too many good companies .
If your company is attractive , you can probably find a firm that will agree to put $ 10 million into the company and , say , $ 3 million into your pocket .
Then if the enterprise stumbles and ends up being sold for , say , $ 9 million , you wo n't feel like a total idiot .
Everyone on the Board should have held Profit - and - Loss Responsibility
For your Board of Directors you need folks who are actual business people .
A business person is one who has held profit - and - loss responsibility ( " P&L " on their resume ) .
P&L responsibility means that the person was in a position to determine the total profit earned by a company or a division and received compensation based on that profit , not based on what his or her manager thought .
Better someone who was the manager of a McDonald 's restaurant or a roadside shop in Hyderabad than an impressive former management consultant or middle manager from a big company .
The Board makes important decisions and the directors need to have an intuitive feeling for what is going to make the customers happy and get them to keep coming back and paying .
Membership on the Board should be limited to those who have founded companies , run companies , or held P&L responsibility in a division of a larger company .
Do n't be in a Rush to Hire Top Managers
It is always easy to hire more of the kind of stars that you already have .
A company that revolves around great salespeople and has a few on board already will find it easy to hire more great salespeople .
A company that revolves around Stanford - educated superstar engineers will find it easy to hire more Stanford - educated superstar engineers .
Just because the smartest guy you knew from grad school wants to work with you at your new company , do n't be deceived into thinking that a competent manager will find your enterprise attractive .
Business people will approach you wanting to get involved .
Mostly these will be older guys who were discarded by their Fortune 500 employers and maybe some young guys who could n't get jobs at GE .
Larry and Sergei had to run Google , the fastest growing company in the history of the world , themselves for about three years before it was successful enough to attract a competent CEO .
Bill Gates ran Microsoft for more than twenty years before his successor , Steve Ballmer , who had worked at Microsoft nearly the entire time , was adequately trained to take over the reins .
For an organization with tremendous institutional history and stability , bringing in an outsider at the top might be the only way to effect some needed change .
That 's why you sometimes see the Fortune 500 bringing in outsiders and the American people often vote for an outside CEO to head up the Federal Government .
An organization that has been recently and rapidly assembled , however , is very fragile and bringing in an outside CEO is tremendously risky .
Much better to copy Bill Gates and bring in a COO then promote him or her to CEO when the individual has learned enough about the organization and vice versa .
Be wary whenever interviewing someone who is n't like you .
You probably do n't know how to evaluate them .
They probably are n't very good , otherwise they would n't be interested in your tiny little enterprise .
Use your network of Board members and top business executives to evaluate management candidates rather than relying on your own judgement and enthusiasm .
One Good Book on Management
" An entrepreneur is someone who starts a company in which he / she would never work and if they did , would promptly be fired . " -- Bill Abernathy , in The Sin of Wages
Bringing out the Best in People
people do n't do what you tell them to do ; they do what gets them a reward
positive reinforcement is the most effective way to motivate people [ Note that in a technology company , a reinforcer might be the freedom to spend some time working on a side project or a pet feature ; reinforcement is broader than money or praise ; it can be anything that the employee values . ]
reinforcement works best when it is immediate , certain , and frequent ( Daniels points out that kids that our public schools diagnose as having an ADD learning disability are able to concentrate for hours playing video games that provide 85 positive reinforcements per minute )
reinforcement does n't work if followed up with a " but , you need to improve X , Y , Z "
monthly reinforcement only provides 12 opportunities per year to shape someone 's performance ; weekly is the minimum ( the annual review and bonus is a joke , as far as Daniels is concerned )
many goals should be easy to achieve , thus providing many opportunities for people to get rewarded ; rewards should not be competitive ( no " employee of the month " )
managers need to spend more of their time reinforcing the good performers than trying to deal with the problem employees
if you set a goal , people stop working as soon as they reach the goal ( viz. typical schools and universities ; students stop pushing themselves once they 've reached an " A " level of achievement )
you need to come up with a good way of measuring achievement and make that measure available to the worker so that he or she can motivate himself ( for a computer programmer in a software company , components of this measure might be " number of bugs fixed , with extra points for the severe or tricky ones " and " pages of documentation written "
How to Interview Someone
What kind of interview questions can you ask to sort through the remarkable achievers who apply ?
Do n't ask them what they 've done ; ask them what they would do in a hypothetical [ or in your current ] situation .
You want to see how the applicants think , not help them relive the glory of their past achievements .
Ask them to do some homework before coming in .
Give them a real business or technical problem that you 're facing and ask for a plan towards a solution .
Get an explicit assignment of copyright from software developers
A " work made for hire " is --
(1 ) a work prepared by an employee within the scope of his or her employment ; or
( 2 ) a work specially ordered or commissioned for use as a contribution to a collective work , as a part of a motion picture or other audiovisual work , as a translation , as a supplementary work , as a compilation , as an instructional text , as a test , as answer material for a test , or as an atlas , if the parties expressly agree in a written instrument signed by them that the work shall be considered a work made for hire .
For the purpose of the foregoing sentence , a " supplementary work " is a work prepared for publication as a secondary adjunct to a work by another author for the purpose of introducing , concluding , illustrating , explaining , revising , commenting upon , or assisting in the use of the other work , such as forewords , afterwords , pictorial illustrations , maps , charts , tables , editorial notes , musical arrangements , answer material for tests , bibliographies , appendixes , and indexes , and an " instructional text " is a literary , pictorial , or graphic work prepared for publication and with the purpose of use in systematic instructional activities .
How to Fire Someone
I asked whether the guy had done anything unethical or irresponsible .
No .
In fact , he had tried his hardest , according to the founders .
" You guys are going to run out of money in three months , " I offered .
" You do n't need any other reason to cut payroll .
Just say ' We 're sorry , but we need to lay off anyone who is n't directly involved in product development ' .
As for the stock , why not give him what has vested proportionally and ignore the one - year cliff ?
The stock might be worthless in three months if we do n't raise the next round of funding . "
I reminded the other board members that the ex-employee , if treated fairly , might still be an advocate for the company .
My advice was accepted .
The company did raise its next round of funding .
The guy who tried and failed got a small amount of stock that was diluted over time as the company needed to raise additional capital .
How to Buy Someone Out
Bizarrely , I faced exactly the same situation five years earlier .
[ It is doubly bizarre , because our photo . net community in 1999 had every feature of Facebook : you could form groups , upload photos , mark other members as " interesting " and see a page showing the most recent contributions from those " interesting users " ( i.e. , friends ) .
I wonder if when Facebook gets sued for patent infringement they will hunt me down as a software expert witness . ]
Back in the 1990s , I created an LLC with five other people .
We did not ever expect to take external investment , go public , or pay a dividend based on ownership .
The company grew faster than expected , though , to the point where ownership might have been worth something .
Three of the five original " partners " in the LLC had never done anything .
They 'd kept their day jobs or wandered off to do something else .
The Facebook / Silicon Valley approach to those souls would have been to issue millions of stock options to current employees , i.e. , everyone but them , and dilute their substantial ownership position to insignificance .
Then they could have sued .
What I did instead was call them up and explain the situation , i.e. , that despite not having done anything , on paper at least their LLC ownership interest might end up being worth a lot .
Since I knew and they knew that they had n't actually done much , would they consider selling back their shares for $ 10,000 or $ 20,000 ( I forget which ! ) ?
All three agreed .
They got a nice return on their original investment ( less than $ 100 ) .
The LLC was free to convert to a C corporation , accept investment , and set itself up to go public or be acquired .
Hire a Good Lawyer , but Do n't Overuse Him or Her
My favorite lawyers are Sam Mawn - Mahlau of Davis , Malm , and Tobias Lederberg of Lederberg Blackman .
Both have extensive experience with startup companies , venture capital financing , and acquisitions .
[ Big law firms are not necessarily a good choice .
I took over a company for which Troutman Sanders had formerly been the counsel .
The previous management team had followed standard practice and entrusted Troutman Sanders with the company 's most important records : Board minutes , stock certificates , bylaws , etc .
When asked , Troutman could n't find any of these , but they did manage to dig into their accounting system and determine that we owed them money .
When I called them up to object to paying for legal services given that they 'd lost all of our records , they said " But we did such great work for you setting up the company . "
I replied , " How am I supposed to appreciate that if I can't see a copy of any of it ? " ]
Basics of Running a Board Meeting
If you 're the CEO , it is your responsibility to schedule the Board meeting .
I recommend that you send out anything that you 're going to present in advance so that Board members can study it .
You do n't want anyone to be surprised in a Board meeting , even by good news .
You wo n't get folks ' best thinking unless you give them some time to reflect .
One of the main risks in a startup company is " team risk " , i.e. , the risk that you 'll hire the wrong people for the job or that the people you have hired wo n't work together effectively .
Your Board presentation should include indications that you are reducing team risk .
If the company is small , have a chart that shows each person you 've hired , what they 've done , how the relationship is going .
A lot of the stuff that people show in Board meetings , such as sales pipeline and financials , should probably be available on an internal company Web site and pinned up on the walls for all employees to see .
There is no reason to keep goals and performance secret .
Everyone in a company should be able to see , on a daily basis , how well the company is meeting its goals .
I do n't like to see management present a big stack of PowerPoint slides that are imprisoned on the CEO 's laptop and possibly never shown to employees .
I would rather see a tour through internal Web pages or posters on the wall so that I know that there is no miscommunication within the company about goals .
When it is time to sell ... use an investment banker
What if you hire someone to do the sleazy stuff for you ?
Nothing could be easier .
They are called investment bankers .
Once a deal gets close to the point of a real offer , turn over the potential buyer to your investment banker .
He or she can say " Thank you for the offer , but my obligation is to get the best price for the shareholders .
I will try to get Board approval for this deal , but I will also be trying to get the best price from other bidders . "
The investment banker can drive a hard bargain without making the bidders feel that you welshed on a handshake deal .
You might have to work with the buyer again , either through an earn - out , a service agreement , or selling them another company three years later .
The investment banker can generate hard / hurt feelings without much cost to anyone .
Do you need to use an investment banker ?
No .
It could be almost any third party .
Your corporate lawyer can serve as the arbiter among the buyers / bidders .
The important thing is that you do n't go all the way to a handshake with a buyer .
Your handshake and oral promise is n't worth anything anyway .
Only the Board of Directors can vote to sell a company and they do have an obligation to get the best price for the shareholders .
philg@mit.edu
Ms Harriton was born deaf , blind , physically and mentally disabled and was not expected to live more than six months .
She needs 24 - hour care .
She claimed Dr Paul Stephens negligently failed to diagnose the disease rubella early in her mother Olga 's pregnancy and did not advise there was a very high risk of having a child with congenital abnormalities .
Olga Harriton says that she would have terminated the pregnancy had she received proper advice .
Keeden , an IVF baby , through his parents also claimed wrongful life after inheriting the clotting disorder AT3 from his father .
He was born with brain damage , suffers from cerebral palsy , has uncontrolled seizures and requires constant care .
Had the Wallers known of this risk , they say they would have deferred IVF until such time that safe methods were available or terminated the pregnancy .
In the NSW Supreme Court , Justice Timothy Studdert dismissed both damages claims , holding they had no cause of action .
The Court of Appeal , by majority , also dismissed each appeal .
The action on behalf of Alexia and Keeden then turned to the High Court .
By a six to one majority , the High Court judges today dismissed each appeal , ruling that a cause of action in negligence required each to show damage had been suffered and the doctors had a duty of care to avoid that damage .
They found no legally recognisable damage - loss , deprivation or detriment caused by an alleged breach of duty - could be shown .
The judges held that comparing a life with non-existence for the purposes of proving actual damage was impossible as it could not be determined that the children 's lives represented a loss , deprivation or detriment , compared with non-existence .
In the lead judgment , Justice Susan Crennan said physical damage such as a broken leg was within the common experience of judges who had no difficulty assessing the claimed loss .
But it was altogether more difficult when the assessment had to be made between present disability and non-existence .
" There is no present field of human learning or discourse , including philosophy and theology , which would allow a person experiential access to non-existence , whether it is called pre-existence or afterlife , " she said .
" There is no practical possibility of a court ( or jury ) ever apprehending or evaluating , or receiving proof of , the actual loss or damage as claimed by the appellant .
It can not be determined in what sense Alexia Harriton 's life with disabilities represents a loss , deprivation or detriment compared with non-existence . "
Justice Michael Kirby , the sole dissenting voice , said denying the existence of wrongful life actions erected an immunity around health care providers whose negligence resulted in a child , who would not otherwise have existed , being born into a life of suffering .
" The law should not approve a course which would afford such an immunity and which would offer no legal deterrent to professional carelessness or even professional irresponsibility , " he said .
AAP
やりたいことを朝にやる、予定を入れてしまうなど、早起きのコツはいろいろありますが、最大の難関はやはり「布団から抜け出すこと」でしょう。布団にくるまったままでいると、ついついそのまま二度寝してしまうことも少なくありません。
とはいえ、布団から抜け出すのは大変です。いくら早起きしたいと思っていても、朝の朦朧とした頭では正しい判断などできません。
そこでここでは「無理なく布団から抜け出せるようにすること」を目標に、その環境を作ることに注目したテクニックをいくつか紹介してゆこうと思います。前日の状況や体調によっては効果が出ないこともありますが、試してみる価値はあるはずです。
布団から足だけ出 す
まずはできるところから。 もっとも簡単な方法は、意識が戻った段階で、布団から「足だけ」出すことです。
掛け布団をすべてよけてしまうのには勇気がいりますが、足だけだったら簡単です。寝返りを打つ必要もありません。上半身、特に首のまわりには布団がかかっているので、寒さもほとんど感じないでしょう。
布団から足を出すと、足が冷えるにしたがって意識もはっきりしてきます。コタツに入っていると眠くなりますが、あれのちょうど逆、ということなのかもしれません。
カーテンを開けてお く
テレビやラジオをつける
ガバ起き
（2005/11/13 ）
The Pope 's comments came on a visit to Germany
Questioning the concept of holy war , he quoted a 14th - Century Christian emperor who said Muhammad had brought the world only " evil and inhuman " things .
A senior Pakistani Islamic scholar , Javed Ahmed Gamdi , said jihad was not about spreading Islam with the sword .
Turkey 's top religious official asked for an apology for the " hostile " words .
In Indian - administered Kashmir , police seized copies of newspapers which reported the Pope 's comments to prevent any tension .
A Vatican spokesman , Father Frederico Lombardi , said he did not believe the Pope 's comments were meant as a harsh criticism of Islam .
' Abhorrent '
In his speech at Regensburg University , the German - born pontiff explored the historical and philosophical differences between Islam and Christianity and the relationship between violence and faith .
Stressing that they were not his own words , he quoted Emperor Manual II Paleologos of the Byzantine Empire , the Orthodox Christian empire which had its capital in what is now the Turkish city of Istanbul .
The emperors words were , he said : " Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you will find things only evil and inhuman , such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached . "
Benedict said " I quote " twice to stress the words were not his and added that violence was " incompatible with the nature of God and the nature of the soul " .
The Pope is due to visit Turkey in November and the Turkish response was swift and strong , the BBC's Sarah Rainsford reports from Istanbul .
Religious leader Ali Bardakoglu said the Pope 's comments represented what he called an " abhorrent , hostile and prejudiced point of view " .
Whilst Muslims might express their criticism of Islam and of Christianity , he argued , they would never defame the Holy Bible or Jesus Christ .
He said he hoped the Pope 's speech did not reflect " hatred in his heart " against Islam .
Many Turks see Benedict as a Turkophobe and commentators call his words just before the holy month of Ramadan " ill - timed and ill - conceived " , our correspondent adds .
THE inhabitants of San Francisco would dearly like to know when the San Andreas fault that runs by their city is going to snap again .
But even after almost 12,000 geophysicists met there last week for the autumn conclave of the American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) , they were little the wiser .
Most geophysicists agree that earthquakes cannot be predicted , although every large one brings tales of animals sensing trouble hours beforehand and of people seeing strange lights .
No one knows what might cause such phenomena .
Indeed , so many different mechanisms have been proposed as being behind the apparent warnings of impending disaster , that seismologists tend to look upon any claim with suspicion .
There is , however , one set of observations that may yet receive a scientific imprimatur .
This is the suggestion — yet to be confirmed by an unambiguous statistical analysis — that space - borne instruments such as France 's Demeter satellite have seen changes in the radio waves of the ionosphere that coincide with , and sometimes precede , earthquakes in the ground below .
In the light of this suggestion , Friedemann Freund , a physicist at San Jose State University in California , has stuck his neck out .
As he told the AGU meeting , he thinks he knows what is going on , and it is this : if you squeeze a block of granite hard enough , it becomes a battery .
If he is right , an earthquake will generate enormous electrical currents in the ground — precisely the sort of thing that would upset the ionosphere and generate strange lights in the form of lightning - related phenomena .
More to the point , it is possible that some of this power might be released before a fault moves catastrophically , and thus provide some warning of an earthquake .
The idea that squeezing crystals has electrical consequences is not new .
A phenomenon called piezoelectricity , which is exploited in pressure sensors and quartz watches , involves creating a voltage between the ends of a piece of crystal by applying pressure .
In this case , the voltage arises because the crystal deforms and a symmetry between positively and negatively charged atoms is disturbed .
Piezoelectricity , however , cannot sustain a sizeable current .
So Dr Freund is proposing a different mechanism — similar to the one that goes on in the semiconductors from which computer chips are made .
This mechanism relies on another phenomenon , called charge separation .
In many kinds of rock , most notably granite , the application of pressure and the resulting deformation of the rock 's constituent crystals turn some of the oxygen atoms in those crystals into charge carriers .
These atoms are missing an electron and are thus positively charged .
When the rock is further deformed , it becomes possible for these atoms , called “ holes ” , to steal an electron from a neighbouring atom , in effect shifting the hole .
In this way , the holes can move through the rock .
Indeed , they do this so easily , Dr Freund has calculated , that many of them move out of the section of rock under stress altogether , leaving it with a surplus of electrons .
Thus , a granite battery is charged .
The electrons from the stressed rock cannot follow the holes , because granite is not a very good conductor of this more usual form of electricity .
But when , if you do this trick in a laboratory , you give the electrons the chance to bypass a section of rock by way of a metal wire , quite large currents will flow .
Outside the laboratory , Dr Freund believes , the role of the wire is played by heated rock ( at temperatures above 500 °C , granite becomes conductive to electrons as well as holes ) .
Extrapolating from Dr Freund 's laboratory experiments , the strain in a real - life geological fault such as the San Andreas could , as it shifted , generate hundreds of thousands of amperes per cubic kilometre in a fluctuating pattern that would cause very low frequency radio waves to be emitted , thus disrupting the ionosphere .
Whether such currents could act as earthquake predictors depends on whether there are changes in the strain on a fault before it slips .
To date , no such changes have been detected , but Dr Freund argues that the strain gauges deployed at the moment are too near the surface to pick up shifts that happen at the depths where earthquakes occur .
His electrical currents , by contrast , would be detectable by magnetometers at the surface as well as by satellites watching the ionosphere — if they do indeed exist in the ground as well as the lab .
It did n't take long for the new French DRM legislation to get spoiled in committee , and you can't blame French consumers for expecting canard à l'orange and being served some very dodgy escargot instead .
The legislation in question originally contained consumer - friendly provisions that would force technology companies to make their DRM schemes interoperable .
This would have a potent effect on the dominance of Apple and iTunes , of course , since the Cupertino company has so far proved unwilling to license its Fairplay technology to anyone else .
The non-interoperable nature of Fairplay has been crucial to the success of Apple 's online music store , which has leveraged the popularity of the iPod to become the biggest seller of digital downloads on the Internet .
No one was surprised when the proposed French law was trashed by Apple as " state - sponsored piracy . "
There was even speculation that Apple might leave France altogether rather than risk opening its Fairplay system .
It looks like the French will still get to keep their iTunes Music Store , though , since the original bill was recently gutted in committee .
Most of the consumer - friendly provisions in the legislation have since been removed or rewritten .
To see how this worked , consider the following examples :
Previously , " information needed for interoperability " covered " technical documentation and programming interfaces needed to obtain a copy in an open standard of the copyrighted work , along with its legal information . "
Now this has been changed to " technical documentation and programming interfaces needed to obtain a protected copy of a copyrighted work . "
But a " protected " version of the work can't be played back in a different player , which means interoperability wo n't be attained with this clause .
Previously , the only condition for receiving information needed for interoperability was to meet the cost of logistics of delivering the information .
Now , anyone wanting to build a player will have to take a license on " reasonable and non discriminatory conditions , and an appropriate fee . "
When using information attained under such a license , you will have to " respect the efficiency and integrity of the technical measure . "
DRM publishers can demand the retraction of publication of the source - code for interoperable , independent software , if it can prove that the source - code is " harmful to the security and the efficiency of the DRM . "
The new changes will be voted on soon , but they already have some French consumer groups up in arms .
As anyone who has ever relied on RATP to get to work knows , the French are very , very gifted in the art of the strike , and stopdrm .
info has called for one in the Place de la Bastille on May 7 .
Will anyone show up ?
Perhaps . 22 percent of under - 25 workers are unemployed , and they 're willing to take to the streets .
If they 're as concerned about DRM as about having jobs for life , the rally could be huge .
Psychic development is a topic I ’ll be covering over the next few weeks .
But before crossing into this realm , it ’s important to address a few obvious questions :
Are psychic abilities possible ?
Why do some people seem convinced psychic abilities are real while others are equally convinced they ’re impossible ?
I ’m not going to delve into the various forms of psychic development just yet .
For now I ’m just going to address all six - sensory experiences as a whole based on what they have in common .
Just to be clear , I fall on the side of believing that six - sensory experiences are real .
Actually , it would be more accurate to say that I know they ’re real .
I ’ve had abundant personal experiences , and I even know what triggered them .
More on that later …
It ’s perfectly OK if you do n’t believe me —
I ’m not going to try to convince you that I ’m right .
Whether you believe in psychic phenomena or not does n’t concern me .
My intention for this article is simply to help shed a little light on why you either have or have n’t personally experienced such phenomena , not to get you to switch sides .
Your current beliefs about such things are fine where they are .
The Role of Belief
For most of my life , I did n’t believe in psychic phenomena at all .
At best I recall a possible astral experience when I was a teenager , but at the time I simply dismissed it as a dream .
I was raised Catholic and thought all psychic stuff was completely fake .
It was like a big joke .
You ’d have to be a pretty gullible idiot to fall for that stuff , let alone pay someone money who claimed to be psychic .
Anyone into psychic stuff was just a weirdo and probably someone to be avoided .
In my early 20s though , I started experimenting with different belief systems .
And I began to see just how huge a role my beliefs played in my experience of reality .
It became really tough to explain everything through such mechanisms as the reticular activating system ( RAS ) , which suggested that your brain filters your perceptions through your beliefs .
It seemed to be a lot more than that .
Stuff “ out there ” actually seemed to change .
The problem of course is that since I ’m always filtering reality through my perceptions , I could n’t really be sure .
I wanted to better understand the role my beliefs played in my experience of reality .
So I pushed my beliefs into areas I ’d never personally experienced .
Psychic phenomena seemed like a good choice because then if some really weird things started happening , it would be hard to say it was my brain filtering its input a little differently , especially if these experiences were shared with other people who could agree that something non-physical had occurred .
And that ’s precisely what happened .
I started having totally new experiences to the degree I allowed them to be consistent with my beliefs about reality .
By making them possible , they actually started to manifest , and not just a little bit , but a lot .
Here ’s the interesting thing though …
I never had such experiences with people who did n’t believe they were possible .
But I frequently had shared experiences with those who did .
This somehow made sense to me , but at the time I did n’t know why .
Later I understood that reality is actually subjective , not objective .
But since most people believe it to be objective , that ’s what they experience .
So if you do n’t believe in psychic phenomena , you simply wo n’t experience such things .
If you ’re a strong believer in psychic phenomena , I ’ll bet you ’ve had abundant personal experiences that validate your beliefs .
If you do n’t believe in such things though , I ’ll bet you ’ve experienced nothing you ’d consider remotely psychic ; you may have even seen proof that such things are impossible .
And if you ’re on the fence , then you ’ve probably experienced some things that could be explained as psychic but which might also have an alternative explanation .
Your reality will simply reflect your beliefs .
Nothing you experience will conflict with what you believe to be impossible .
For example , if you believe psychokinesis ( moving physical objects with your mind ) is impossible , you will never see a live demonstration of psychokinesis that convinces you to change your mind .
The evidence will never appear in your experience .
You ’ll just assume I ’m mistaken or deluded to believe what I do , which is perfectly fine — that would be congruent with your beliefs .
You might even want to try to convince me to “ come to my senses , ” since you may find it irritating or unpleasant to see someone being “ sucked in ” by a belief in sixth - sensory experiences .
There ’s no need to act on that feeling though . 🙂
If you do n’t believe psychokinesis is possible , and I give you a link to a web site with videos of people manipulating various objects psychokinetically [ linked removed Sep 4 , 2012 since that website is no longer online ] , you will simply conclude the videos are fake , that anyone who believes them is deluded , and that the people posting such videos are either joking or trying to commit some kind of fraud .
On the other hand , if you are somewhat open to the possibility but still have serious doubts , then you will likely be skeptical about the videos — maybe they ’re real and maybe they ’re fake .
And if you have a strong belief that psychokinesis is possible , then you ’ll likely take the videos at face value and might even explore that site further to learn how to develop psychokinesis yourself ; perhaps you ’ll even join their forums and ask for assistance .
In every situation your reaction will be based on your pre-existing beliefs .
No evidence “ out there ” will change your mind either way .
Only you can do that .
I completely understand the perspective that psychic abilities are impossible because it used to be my own .
And again , I ’m not going to say that such a perspective is wrong .
It is n’t wrong at all .
It ’s perfectly fine to have that perspective if it ’s what you want .
If you believe that psychic abilities are impossible , then that will be true for you .
Beliefs Create Reality
During the time I believed psychic abilities were impossible , if I ever looked for evidence that they might be possible , I ’d never find any .
In fact , I often found just the opposite : ample proof that such things were indeed impossible .
But once I relaxed that belief and opened myself to the possibility , almost immediately my reality shifted to accommodate that new belief .
It ’s too much of a stretch for me to say such occurrences were there all along , and I just never noticed them .
I think that for me , they never actually existed in my reality until my belief shift made them possible .
On certain occasions I ’ve witnessed two people arguing about the possibility of psychic phenomena .
One knows it ’s impossible .
The other knows it ’s possible .
It ’s quite a sight to behold .
I ’ve never seen anyone convince the other to change his / her mind about such things .
People only change their minds by choice , not because someone convinces them of anything .
As the saying goes , “ A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still . ”
So whatever you happen to believe , you ’re right — that ’s what is true for you .
Changing Beliefs
What if you do n’t believe psychic abilities are possible , but you ’d like to experience them anyway ?
Well , you can’t .
If you are n’t open to the possibility , they simply ca n’t enter your reality .
But this is n’t just true of psychic experiences — it ’s true of everything .
Nothing can enter your reality which you “ know ” to be impossible .
If you know you ca n’t lose weight , if you know you ca n’t have your own business , or if you know you ca n’t find your soulmate , you ’ll simply never experience those things .
If you want new experiences to enter your reality , you must first believe they ’re possible .
This requires some work , but ultimately it comes down to a choice .
You can choose what to believe .
Your beliefs are the chisels with which you sculpt your life .
If you do n’t like what you ’re experiencing , put down one chisel and pick up a different one .
Am I saying that if you believed you move objects with your mind , that you could actually do it ?
Yes .
If you knew you could do it , you could do it .
But this requires “ unknowing ” all the beliefs you now hold that contribute to the belief that it ’s impossible for humans to perform psychokinesis .
Your most fundamental beliefs about the nature of the universe almost certainly conflict with the possibility .
But even those beliefs can be changed .
Ultimately , you have the power to change any belief you want , as long as your belief system as a whole remains congruent .
When you begin changing your beliefs internally , you ’ll gradually see your outer world shift as well .
For example , if you start to believe that psychokinesis is possible , you ’re not going to immediately start moving objects with your mind .
It is n’t that simple .
What will happen is that you ’ll start to see your whole universe shift to come into alignment with your new belief .
For example , you might gradually start seeing physicists suggesting that the universe works differently than we previously thought .
They ’ll propose a new paradigm of physical reality , one in which — oh so coincidentally — psychokinesis may be a remote possibility under certain conditions .
Then as you keep putting energy behind this belief , you ’ll see the world continue to shift in such a way that psychokinesis goes from mere possibility to actual probability .
And then you ’ll hear about people experimenting with it in very limited ways .
Eventually you may even encounter some instructional material and begin having personal experiences with it .
Your reality will gradually shift to match your beliefs .
Every thought you hold is like a wave of energy going out in the universe , and your unfolding experience of reality is the summation of all your thought waves .
When you start putting out new thoughts , it takes a while for the external reality to shift because your previous thoughts are still having an effect .
So if you were previously harboring a thought like , “ Would n’t it be cool if psychokinesis were possible ? ” then it wo n’t be long before new information and resources begin to manifest in your life which are congruent with that thought .
This blog you ’re reading right now is simply an outlet for manifesting what you already suspect is true .
You will likely even see my writing change in accordance with your own thoughts and desires .
If it ’s part of your experience , your beliefs control how it manifests in your reality .
Subjective Reality
There is one particular belief that opens the door to seemingly impossible experiences .
And that is the belief that reality exists “ out there ” in the form of the objective universe , and you ’re a physical being in that universe , subject to its pre-determined laws which you are powerless to change .
If you can change that belief , you can change anything .
That ’s the most important one to change of all because it gives you back your power .
The alternative , more empowering belief is that life is a subjective experience , a manifestation of your own thoughts .
Your reality is uniquely your own .
Nothing exists “ out there ” except what comes into your personal experience .
And nothing exists outside this present moment .
Reality is your own personal holodeck .
It reads your subconscious thoughts and presents a physical reality congruent with them .
Your reality is a manifestation of what you think .
Whatever you see in the world is simply a reflection of some part of yourself .
It takes time to recondition old beliefs , especially one as “ sacred ” as the belief in objective reality .
The one flaw in objective reality though , one which cannot be ignored , is consciousness .
You have a conscious identity , seemingly tied to a particular body .
You have perspective .
It makes little sense for there to be individualization of consciousness in an objective universe .
If the universe is fully objective , then why do you have an identity at all ?
Why are you you and not someone else ?
The answer is that there is no one else .
There is only you .
A subjective belief system is more internally congruent than an objective one .
Everything centers around your consciousness , which is primary .
In an objective universe , consciousness is made secondary , so you must take a huge leap of faith that something actually exists outside your conscious experience , even though you ca n’t prove it .
No one can actually prove that objective reality exists — it ’s an unprovable assumption .
Hence any conclusions based on it , including all those drawn from science , require that same leap of faith .
Science is true only to the degree you believe it to be true .
Have you ever tried to disbelieve something you considered an immutable law of science ?
Not “ someone else ” in your reality … you personally .
I find that the more I embrace a subjective belief system , the more magical and empowering my life becomes .
It has certainly not been easy to release so much of what I previously held to be true , but my life has flowed much more easily and effortlessly since I began taking conscious steps in this direction .
The biggest challenge has been to keep my thoughts focused purely on what I want to manifest , and give no thought at all to what I do n’t want .
There ’s also a delay before new thoughts begin to manifest .
It takes a while to achieve internal congruence with each new level of thinking .
Psychic Development
Psychic development becomes possible then for those who hold the belief that it is possible .
It is n’t about looking for proof or disproof somewhere “ out there . ”
It ’s simply an internal choice .
Do you want to experience psychic development in your life ?
Then believe it ’s possible .
Do you prefer not to experience it ?
Then believe it ’s impossible .
Do you want to experience conflicting evidence ?
Then remain in doubt .
The only proof you will find is proof of what you already believe .
I choose to embrace psychic development because I find it empowering and useful .
If the results were poor , I ’d drop this like any other failed experiment .
I ’m aware of the alternatives and the consequences of this choice , having experienced both sides for myself .
I find that my results in life are much better with this belief than without it ; it opens me to experiences and abilities I ’d otherwise never be able to tap .
Perhaps the most empowering part of this belief structure is that it allows me to live without fear of death and also to access deeper sources of knowledge and support .
Since every other part of our life is going so well , this year my wife and I have decided to really push ourselves in psychic development .
Yesterday I checked out 17 items ( mostly books ) on psychic - related topics from the library , and we ’re also working to form a development circle here in Las Vegas .
If you ’ve never heard the term before , a “ development circle ” is a small group of people ( about a dozen max ) who meet for the purpose of improving their psychic skills .
I ’m really looking forward to getting this going .
I ’ve been having psychic experiences since 1994 , and I ’m still amazed every time I witness them .
As I sometimes say to my wife , “ weird ” just gets you in the door .
What ’s Next ?
In the weeks ahead , I ’ll cover various aspects of psychic development .
I ’m also working to set up some interviews with noted experts in this field .
While I ’ve embraced psychic development privately for many years , this will be the first time I ’ve written about it publicly .
It ’s going to take me a while to cover just the basics , but if this is a subject that interests you , I think you ’ll find it fascinating .
I ’ll include some book reviews and recommendations too — one publisher recently sent me a whole batch .
For those of you who “ know ” that psychic stuff is nonsense … or if you have a belief system that says it ’s prohibited , the work of the devil , or something along those lines , this would be a good time to tune out .
I do n’t want to get you in trouble with your deity or deities .
From here on I ’ll be addressing the people who are open to psychic exploration and development , especially those who are really curious about it .
For the reasons stated above , it would be pointless for me to try to change anyone ’s mind , and I do n’t want to waste time trying to qualify everything for those who are resistant to this aspect of personal development .
They 're not competing to win so much as just playing a game , the unacknowledged objective of which is to keep the esteem of the other players .
The players in many competitions conform to various unwritten rules of acceptable behaviour .
You keep the esteem of the other players by conforming .
Economists are great believers in the virtues of competition but , except perhaps in " game theory " , they devote little time to studying how it works , which leaves most of them oblivious to the existence of unwritten rules .
It 's only the sociologists who understand the way the much - revered goal of maximising profits has to compete with what they call " norms " of behaviour .
The trouble is that the objective of most of these behavioural norms is to hold all the competitors together in a pack and stop individuals discomforting the pack by streaking out in front .
To win you have to forget the pack and focus on doing something innovative to attract more customers .
But this usually involves breaking some unwritten rule and thereby losing the esteem of your competitors .
Many competitors just are n't prepared to pay that price .
The trick , however , is that what the pack most admires is success .
So if by defying the rules you manage to win a lot more customers , thus pushing yourself ahead of the pack , the pack will grudgingly acknowledge that you 're the … leader of the pack .
I 've come to these conclusions mainly by observing the way competition works in my own newspaper industry , but also by reading that great business / economics / sport classic of our time , Moneyball , by Michael Lewis , author of Liar 's Poker .
Moneyball is the story of how Billy Bean , manager of the Oakland A's baseball team , took them to success , even though they were the second - poorest team in a completely commercial comp , where all the teams were privately owned businesses .
Because they could n't afford to bid for the best players , Bean put all his effort into selecting and training college ball players from the annual draft .
And whereas all the other teams had scouts out identifying those college kids who looked like they had the makings of a great player , Bean selected rookies strictly on the basis of their statistical record of performance .
For years , a handful of highly educated , baseball - loving nerds had been arguing that the traditional way of measuring baseball players ' performance was all wrong and that other , more sophisticated statistical techniques were far more revealing .
All the managers and professional players laughed at the nerds ' theories and told 'em they did n't know what they were talking about .
Applying statistics to baseball would take all the fun and glamour out of the game .
The traditional measure of batters ' performance ignored any " walks " they 'd scored , even though getting a walk was as good as getting a single .
What was wrong with winning by walking ?
It was n't macho enough .
Billy Bean was so keen to win , but so short of capital , he swallowed his pride and bought the rival theory .
He stopped listening to his scouts , hired an Ivy League statistician with a laptop and selected rookies from the draft purely on their stats .
Because most of them were ugly ducklings - not the kind any scout would favour - they came cheap .
Bean soon greatly improved his team 's annual performance in the comp .
At this point , every economist would predict that Bean 's competitors , seeing his success , would lose no time in copying his methods , thus robbing him of his former advantage .
But they did n't .
They went for years telling themselves and each other his improved performance was just a fluke .
In truth , he was defying group norms of acceptable behaviour and there was no way his competitors were prepared to risk losing the approbation of their mates by doing what he did .
They did n't want to look like nerds .
Note too that , contrary to the assumptions of conventional economics , here was a supposedly profit - maximising industry that had gone for decades wedded to practices that were quite inefficient .
Why ?
Because the competitors were on about impressing each other - by conforming to group norms - much more than about winning customers and maximising profits .
They were just playing a cosy , inward - looking game .
On the face of it , the newspaper industry is fighting for survival against the internet and declining circulation .
But in their efforts to compete , editors and journalists focus far more on impressing their competitors than on serving their readers .
The parliamentary press gallery in Canberra , for instance - the pinnacle of serious journalism in this country - is notoriously inward - looking .
Its hundreds of journalists work in offices down one corridor .
They care deeply what their competitors on other papers think of their performance - with an occasional thought about what the pollies and their staffers think - but rarely give a thought to what the readers back home want or need .
When one of their rivals gets a good story , they 're most reluctant to abase themselves and follow it up next day for the edification of their own readers .
The readers wo n't know their story 's merely a follow - up , but all their mates in the gallery will .
They 're always telling themselves ( and their head offices ) a rival 's exclusive story was " old " or " a beat - up " - which makes them easy meat for the affected minister 's press secretary , who 's desperately trying to kill off the story .
In theory , the editor should be the one person on a paper most obsessed by the need to stay reader - focused .
In practice , editors face an enormous temptation to divert their energies to things calculated to impress rival editors and convince their troops what a great editor they are .
Take the huge emphasis placed on getting exclusive stories .
Now , an exclusive has intrinsic virtue if it brings to public notice important information that , government secrecy being what it is , may not otherwise have seen the light of day .
But many exclusives arise merely because a government leaks to one paper news it will release to all media outlets the following day .
What 's so virtuous about that ?
The price of such exclusives is usually to give the story a launch that 's totally uncritical .
My point is , I doubt that readers set nearly as much store by exclusives - even unconsciously - as editors and journalists do .
Readers often do n't know a story 's exclusive unless you tell them .
And breakfast radio can tell them the story before they pick up your paper .
What 's more , I doubt if many readers set exclusives high on the list of qualities they 're looking for in a paper .
There are many other , less spectacular things they may be looking for , such as authoritative detail about government decisions once they progress from speculation to announced fact , service information , good writing , clear explanation , adequate backgrounding and the best commentary rather than the most commentary .
But the merits of exclusives from the readers ' perspective are rarely debated .
Most editors and journos value them highly and that 's all they care about .
There 's no reason you , dear reader , should care much about the quirks of journalistic competition .
I quote it as an example merely because it 's familiar to me and in the hope it will stimulate your thoughts about the limitations to competition in your own industry .
Point is , individuals willing to break unwritten rules and do things differently to their competitors will find plenty of room at the top .
Ross Gittins is the Herald 's Economics Editor .
Cus­tomer :
Why are you billing me for this stuff ?
CSR : Did you make the pur­chas­es on your cred­it card state­ment ?
Cus­tomer : Yes , but I al­ready paid for them .
I used my cred­it card .
CSR : Yes , but now you have to pay your cred­it card bill .
Cus­tomer :
That ’s stu­pid .
Why would I pay for some­thing twice ?
4325 17th Av­enue S .
Far­go , North Dako­ta
There are certain technical words in the vocabulary of every academic discipline which tend to become stereotypes and cliches .
Psychologists have a word which is probably used more frequently than any other word in modern psychology .
It is the word “ maladjusted . ”
This word is the ringing cry of the new child psychology .
Now in a sense all of us must live the well adjusted life in order to avoid neurotic and schizophemic personalities .
But there are some things in our social system to which I am proud to be maladjusted and to which I suggest that you too ought to be maladjusted .
I never intend to adjust myself to the viciousness of mob-rule .
I never intend to adjust myself to the evils of segregation and the crippling effects of discrimination .
I never intend to adjust myself to the tragic inequalities of an economic system which take necessities from the many to give luxuries to the few .
I never intend to become adjusted to the madness of militarism and the self - defeating method of physical violence .
I call upon you to be maladjusted .
The challenge to you is to be maladjusted — as maladjusted as the prophet Amos , who in the midst of the injustices of his day , could cry out in words that echo across the centuries , “ Let judgment run down like waters and righteousness like a mighty stream ; ” as maladjusted as Lincoln , who had the vision to see that this nation could not survive half slave and half free ; as maladjusted as Jefferson , who in the midst of an age amazingly adjusted to slavery could cry out , in words lifted to cosmic proportions , “ All men are created equal , and are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are Life , Liberty and the persuit of Happiness . ”
As maladjusted as Jesus who dared to dream a dream of the Fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of men .
The world is in desperate need of such maladjustment .
" Entia non sunt multiplicanda praeter necessitatem . "
The universal methodological principle , known as Okkam 's razor , says " Entities are not to be multiplied above the necessary . "
I try to use this principle to understand Russia - if there is a more simple way to explain something , then this way should be closer to truth than a more complex one .
You ’ve just released your latest photo - organizing software .
Through some mechanism which will be left as an exercise to the reader , you ’ve managed to actually let people know about it .
Maybe you have a popular blog or something .
Maybe Walt Mossberg wrote a rave review in the Wall Street Journal .
One of the biggest questions you ’re going to be asking now is , “ How much should I charge for my software ? ”
When you ask the experts they do n’t seem to know .
Pricing is a deep , dark mystery , they tell you .
The biggest mistake software companies make is charging too little , so they do n’t get enough income , and they have to go out of business .
An even bigger mistake , yes , even bigger than the biggest mistake , is charging too much , so they do n’t get enough customers , and they have to go out of business .
Going out of business is not good because everybody loses their job , and you have to go work at Wal * Mart as a greeter , earning minimum wage and being forced to wear a polyester uniform all day long .
So if you like cotton uniforms you better get this right .
The answer is really complicated .
I ’m going to start with a little economic theory , then I ’m going to tear the theory to bits , and when I ’m finished , you ’ll know a lot more about pricing and you still wo n’t know how much to charge for your software , but that ’s just the nature of pricing .
If you ca n’t be bothered to read this , just charge $ 0.05 for your software , unless it does bug tracking , in which case charge $ 30,000,000 for it .
Now .
Where was I .
Some Economic Theory
Imagine , for the moment , that your software costs $ 199 .
Why $ 199 ?
Well , because I have to start somewhere .
We ’ll try other numbers real soon now .
For now , imagine that you charge $ 199 and that gets you 250 customers .
Let me plot that :
This little chart I made means that if you charge $ 199 , 250 people will buy your software .
( As you see , economists are very odd people , and they like to put the quantity sold on the x-axis with the price on the y - axis .
If 250 people bought your software , it must mean that you charged $ 199 ! )
What would happen if you raised the price to $ 249 ?
Some of the people who might have been willing to pay $ 199 are going to think $ 249 is too much , so they ’ll drop out .
Obviously , people who would n’t even buy it for $ 199 are certainly not going to buy it at the higher price .
If 250 people bought at $ 199 , we must assume that less than 250 people would buy it at $ 249 .
Let ’s guess , oh , 200 :
What if we charged less ?
Say , $ 149 ?
Well , everyone who would buy it for $ 199 will certainly buy it for $ 149 , and there will probably be even more people who think $ 149 is affordable , so let ’s say we could sell 325 copies at $ 149 :
And so on and so forth :
In fact rather than graphing a few discrete points here , let ’s draw the complete curve that includes all these points , and while I ’m at it I ’ll fix the x - axis so it ’s to scale :
Now you can tell me any price between $ 50 and $ 400 and I ’ll tell you how many people will buy your software at that price .
What we have here is a classic demand curve and the demand curve is always downward - sloping , because the more you charge , the fewer people will be willing to buy your software .
These numbers are not , of course , real .
The only thing I ’m asking you to believe , so far , is that the demand curve is downward sloping .
( If it ’s still bothering you that I put the quantity on the x-axis and the price on the y - axis , when clearly the quantity is a function of the price , not the other way around , please take it up with Augustin Cournot .
He probably has a blog by now . )
So how much should you charge ?
“ Uh , $ 50 , because then I sell the most units ! ”
No no no .
You ’re not trying to maximize units , you ’re trying to maximize profits .
Let ’s calculate profits .
Assume each unit of software that you sell costs you an incremental $ 35 .
Maybe it cost you $ 250,000 to develop the software in the first place , but that ’s a sunk cost .
We do n’t care about that anymore , because the $ 250,000 is the same whether you sell 1000 units or 0 .
Sunk .
Kiss it goodbye .
Set any price you want , the $ 250,000 is gone and therefore not relevant any more .
At this point all we can worry about is the incremental cost of selling each additional unit .
That might include shipping and handling , that might include tech support , bank service charges , CD duplication and shrinkwrapping , whatever ; I ’m going to be really hand - wavy here and use $ 35 as my incremental cost .
Now we can whip out our handy - dandy copy of Visicalc :
Here ’s how to read that spreadsheet .
Each row is a scenario .
Row 3 : If we were to charge $ 399 , then we would sell 12 copies , making $ 364 profit per copy , for a total profit of $ 4368 .
NOW WE’RE GETTING SOMEWHERE !
This is really cool .
I think we ’re on the verge of solving the problem of how much to charge for software !
I ’M SO EXCITED !
The reason I ’m so excited is it looks like if you plot price against profit , you get a nice curve with a big hump in the middle !
And we all know what humps mean !
Humps mean local maxima !
Or camels .
But here they mean local maxima !
In this chart the actual data is shown as little blue diamonds , and I ’ve asked Excel to draw a nice polynomial trendline on top .
So now all I have to do is drop a line straight down from the peak of the hump to find out the price I should charge to make a maximal amount of profit :
“ O frabjous day !
Callooh ! Callay ! ” I chortle .
We have found the optimum price , $ 220 , and that ’s how much you should charge for your software .
Thanks for your time .
Ahem .
Thank you for your time !
Nothing more to see here !
Move along now !
You ’re not leaving .
I see .
Some of the more observant members of my audience have detected through careful analysis of the scrollbar position in their web browser that I might have something more to say other than “ $ 220 . ”
Well , maybe .
There ’s just a tiny little loose end I left untied which I might as well tie up now if you ’re all still up for it .
Ok ?
OK !
You see , by setting the price at $ 220 , we managed to sell , let ’s say , 233 copies of the software , at a total profit of $ 43,105 , which is all good and fine , but something is distracting me : all those people who were all ready to pay more , like those 12 fine souls who would have paid a full $ 399 , and yet , we ’re only charging them $ 220 just like everyone else !
The difference between $ 399 and $ 220 , i.e. , $ 179 , is called consumer surplus .
It ’s the extra value that those rich consumers got from their purchase that they would have been perfectly happy to do without .
It ’s sort of like if you were all set to buy that new merino wool sweater , and you thought it was going to cost $ 70 , which is well worth it , and when you got to Banana Republic it was on sale for only $ 50 !
Now you have an extra $ 20 in found money that you would have been perfectly happy to give to the Banana Republicans !
Yipes !
That bothers good capitalists .
Gosh darn it , if you ’re willing to do without it , well , give it to me !
I can put it to good use , buying a SUV or condo or Mooney or yacht one of those other things capitalists buy !
In economist jargon , capitalists want to capture the consumer surplus .
Let ’s do this .
Instead of charging $ 220 , let ’s ask each of our customers if they are rich or if they are poor .
If they say they ’re rich , we ’ll charge them $ 349 .
If they say they ’re poor , we ’ll charge them $ 220 .
Now how much do we make ?
Back to Excel :
Notice the quantities : we ’re still selling the same 233 copies , but the richest 42 customers , who were all willing to spend $ 349 or more , are being asked to spend $ 349 .
And our profits just went up ! from $ 43 K to about $ 48 K !
NICE !
Capture me some more of that consumer surplus stuff !
But wait , that ’s not all .
After selling all these 233 copies , I felt kind of bad about the people who were only willing to spend $ 99 .
After all , if I could sell a few more copies to those guys at $ 99 , I ’d still be making some money , since my marginal cost is only $ 35 .
What if we called up all the customers who said “ no thanks ” at $ 220 , and offered them the software at $ 99 ?
At $ 99 , we have 450 potential customers , but do n’t forget that 233 of them already paid full price , leaving us with 217 extra customers who just would n’t go along with the program and pay the full price :
Babymosesinabasket , I think we just made $ 62 K in profit !
All in all , an extra twenty thousand buckeroos , cash spendable money , which goes a loooong way towards a down payment on that fishing boat you ’ve had your eye on .
All from the power of segmentation : separating your customers into different groups according to how much they are willing to pay , and extracting the maximal consumer surplus from each customer .
Holy Segments , Batman , how much money could we make if we ask every customer to tell us their maximum willingness to pay and then charge them that ?
Surreal !
Almost $ 80 K !
That ’s almost double the profits we made having just one price !
Capturing the consumer surplus is clearly quite profitable .
Even the 350 annoying people who only want to give me $ 49 each are making some contribution to the profits .
All these customers are happy because we ’re asking them to pay the amount they were willing to pay already , so it ’s not like we ’re ripping anyone off .
Kind of .
Here are some examples of segmentation you ’re probably familiar with :
Senior citizen discounts , since older people tend to be living on a “ fixed income ” and are willing to pay less than working - age adults
Cheap afternoon movie matinees ( useful only to people without jobs )
Bizarre airfares , where everyone seems to be paying a different price .
The secret about airfares is that people who are flying on business get their company to reimburse them , so they could n’t care less how much the ticket costs , while leisure travellers are spending their own money and they wo n’t go if it costs too much .
Of course , the airlines ca n’t just ask you if you ’re travelling on business , because pretty quickly everyone would catch on and lie to get the cheaper fares .
But business travellers almost always travel on weekdays , and they hate spending a weekend away from home .
So the airlines instituted policies that if you ’re staying over a Saturday night , you ’re probably not travelling on business , and they give you much cheaper fares if you stay over a Saturday night .
There are more subtle ways to segment .
You know those grocery coupons you see in the paper ?
The ones that get you 25 cents off a box of Tide detergent if you clip them out and remember to bring them to the store ?
Well , the trouble with grocery coupons is that there ’s so much manual labour involved in clipping them , and sorting them out , and remembering which ones to use , and choosing brands based on which coupons you have , and so on , and the net effect is that if you clip coupons you ’re probably working for about $ 7.00 an hour .
Now , if you ’re retired and living off of social security , $ 7 an hour sounds pretty good , so you do it , but if you ’re a stock analyst at Merrill Lynch getting paid $ 12,000,000 a year to say nice things about piece - of - junk Internet companies , working for $ 7 an hour is a joke , and you ’re not going to clip coupons .
Heck , in one hour you could issue “ buy ” recommendations on ten piece - of - junk Internet companies !
So coupons are a way for consumer products companies to charge two different prices and effectively segment their market into two .
Mail - in rebates are pretty much the same as coupons , with some other twists like the fact that they reveal your address , so you can be direct marketed to in the future .
There are other ways to segment .
You can market your products under different brand names ( Old Navy vs. The Gap vs. Banana Republic ) and hope that the rich people conveniently remember to buy their clothes at the Banana while the po ’ people go to Old Navy .
In case there was any risk of people forgetting and going to the wrong store , the Banana Republic stores are conveniently situated in neighborhoods full of $ 2,000,000 condos while the Old Navy store is near the train station where you haul your poor tired ass back to New Jersey after a day of hard manual labor .
In the world of software , you can just make a version of your product called “ Professional ” and another version called “ Home ” with some inconsequential differences , and hope that the corporate purchasers ( again , the people who are not spending their own money ) will be too embarassed at the thought of using “ Windows XP Home Edition ” at work and they ’ll buy the Pro edition .
Home Edition at work ?
Somehow that feels like coming to work in your pyjamas !
Ick !
Quick trick : if you ’re going to try to pull the segmenting idea , you ’re probably going to be better off offering a discount to certain users rather than trying to charge some users a premium .
Nobody likes feeling ripped off : people would rather buy a $ 199 product for $ 99 than a $ 59 product for $ 79 .
Theoretically , people should be rational .
$ 79 is less than $ 99 .
Realistically , they hate feeling like someone is ripping them off .
They ’d much rather feel like they ’re getting a bargain than feel like they ’re getting gouged .
ANYWAY .
That was the easy part .
The hard part is that everything I just told you is sort of wrong .
Working my way backwards , this business about segmenting ?
It pisses the heck off of people .
People want to feel they ’re paying a fair price .
They do n’t want to think they ’re paying extra just because they ’re not clever enough to find the magic coupon code .
The airline industry got really , really good at segmenting and ended up charging literally a different price to every single person on the plane .
As a result most people felt they were n’t getting the best deal , and they did n’t like the airlines .
When a new alternative arose in the form of low cost carriers ( Southwest , jetBlue , etc. ) customers had no loyalty whatsover to the legacy airlines that had been trying to pick their pockets for all those years .
And God help you if an A - list blogger finds out that your premium printer is identical to the cheap printer , with the speed inhibitor turned off .
So , while segmenting can be a useful tool to “ capture consumer surplus , ” it can have significant negative implications for the long term image of your product .
Many a small software vendor has seen their revenues go up and the amount of customer bickering about price go way down when they eliminated coupons , discounts , deals , multiple versions and tiers .
Somehow , it seems like customers would rather pay $ 100 when everyone else is paying $ 100 than pay $ 79 if they know there ’s someone out there who got it for $ 78 .
Heck , GM made a whole car company , Saturn , based on the principle that the offered price is fair and you do n’t have to bargain .
Even assuming you ’re willing to deal with a long - term erosion of customer goodwill caused by blatant price discrimination , segmentation is just not that easy to pull off .
First of all , as soon as your customers find out you ’re doing it , they ’ll lie about who they are :
Frequent business travellers rearranged their tickets to include dual Saturday - night stays .
For example a consultant living in Pittsburgh and working in Seattle Monday through Thursday would buy a two week trip from Pittsburgh to Seattle and then a weekend trip home in the middle .
Both trips included Saturday night stays , it was the same flights they would have taken anyway , just much cheaper .
Got an academic discount ?
Everyone who is even vaguely related to someone vaguely associated with academia will start using it .
If your customers talk amongst themselves , they ’re going to find out about the price you ’re offering the other people , and you ’ll find yourself forced to match the lowest prices for everyone .
Especially the big corporate purchasers who theoretically should have the “ maximum willingness to pay ” since they represent rich customers .
Corporations have full time purchasing departments staffed with people whose entire job is whittling down prices .
These people go to conferences where they learn how to get the best price .
They practice saying “ no. cheaper . ” all day long in front of mirrors .
Your sales guy does n’t stand a snowflake ’s chance in hell .
There are two forms of segmentation that slightly - too - clever software companies engage in that are not such great ideas :
Bad Idea # 1 : Site Licenses .
The opposite of segmentation , really .
I have certain competitors that do this : they charge small customers per-user but then there ’s a “ unlimited ” license at a fixed price .
This is nutty , because you ’re giving the biggest price break precisely to the largest customers , the ones who would be willing to pay you the most money .
Do you really want IBM to buy your software for their 400,000 employees and pay you $ 2000 ?
Hmm ?
As soon as you have an “ unlimited ” price , you are instantly giving a gigantic gift of consumer surplus to the least price - sensitive customers who should have been the cash cows of your business .
Bad Idea # 2 : How Much Money Do You Have ?
Pricing .
This is the kind used by software startups founded by ex-Oracle salesmen where the price is n’t on the website anywhere .
No matter how much you search to find the price , all you get is a form to provide your name , address , phone number , and fax number , for some reason , not that they ’re ever going to fax you anything .
It ’s pretty obvious here that the plan is to have a salesman call you up and figure out how much you ’re worth , and then charge you that much .
Perfect segmentation !
This does n’t work so good either .
First of all , the low end buyers are just going to move on .
They will assume that if the price is n’t listed , they ca n’t afford it .
Second , the people who do n’t like salesmen harassing them will just move on .
Worse , as soon as you send a message that your price is negotiable , you ’re going to end up reverse segmenting .
Here ’s why : the big companies you sell to , the ones who should be willing to give you the most money , are incredibly sophisticated about purchasing .
They ’ll notice that your sales guy or gal is working on commission , and they ’ll know that he ’s got quarterly quotas , and they ’ll know that both the salesperson and the company are going to be incredibly desperate to make a sale at the end of the quarter ( the salesperson to get his commission , and the company to avoid getting their knees shot off by their VCs or Wall Street ) .
So the big customers will always wait until the last day in the quarter and end up getting a ridiculously good price which somehow involves weird accounting shenanigans so the company can book a lot of revenue that they ’re never really going to get .
So , do n’t do site licenses , and do n’t try to make up prices as you go along .
BUT WAIT !
Do you really want to maximize profits ?
I glossed over something .
You do n’t necessarily care about maximizing profits this month .
You really care about maximizing all your profits , over time , in the future as well .
Technically , you want to maximize the NPV of the stream of all future profits ( without ever having your cash reserves dip below zero ) .
Diversion :
What ’s an NPV ?
What ’s worth more , $ 100 today or $ 100 in one year ?
Obviously $ 100 today , because you can invest it , say , in bonds , and at the end of the year you ’ll have , like , $ 102.25 .
So when you ’re comparing the value of $ 100 in one year to $ 100 today , you need to discount the $ 100 based on some interest rate .
If the interest rate is 2.25 % , for example , those $ 100 in the future should be discounted to $ 97.80 , which is called the net present value ( NPV ) of $ 100 one year in the future .
Go even further into the future , and you need to discount even more .
$ 100 in five years , at today ’s interest rates , is worth only $ 84 today .
$ 84 is the net present value of $ 100 in five years .
Which would you rather earn ?
OPTION ONE :
$ 5000 , $ 6000 , $ 7000 over the next three years
OPTION TWO :
$ 4000 , $ 6000 , $ 10000 over the next three years
Option two sounds like a better deal , even after discounting the future earnings .
If you take the second option , it ’s like investing $ 1000 in year one and getting $ 3000 back two years later , which is a very respectable investment !
The reason I bring this up is because software is priced three ways : free , cheap , and dear .
Free .
Open source , etc .
Not relevant to the current discussion .
Nothing to see here .
Move along Cheap .
$ 10 – $ 1000 , sold to a very large number of people at a low price without a salesforce .
Most shrinkwrapped consumer and small business software falls into this category .
Dear .
$ 75,000 – $ 1,000,000 , sold to a handful of rich big companies using a team of slick salespeople that do six months of intense PowerPoint just to get one goddamn sale .
The Oracle model .
All three methods work fine .
Notice the gap ?
There ’s no software priced between $ 1000 and $ 75,000 .
I ’ll tell you why .
The minute you charge more than $ 1000 you need to get serious corporate signoffs .
You need a line item in their budget .
You need purchasing managers and CEO approval and competitive bids and paperwork .
So you need to send a salesperson out to the customer to do PowerPoint , with his airfare , golf course memberships , and $ 19.95 porn movies at the Ritz Carlton .
And with all this , the cost of making one successful sale is going to average about $ 50,000 .
If you ’re sending salespeople out to customers and charging less than $ 75,000 , you ’re losing money .
The joke of it is , big companies protect themselves so well against the risk of buying something expensive that they actually drive up the cost of the expensive stuff , from $ 1000 to $ 75000 , which mostly goes towards the cost of jumping all the hurdles that they set up to insure that no purchase can possibly go wrong .
Now , a quick glance around the Fog Creek website reveals that I ’m firmly in camp # 2 .
Why ?
Selling software at a low price means that I can get thousands of customers right away , some small , some large .
And all those customers are going to be out there using my software and recommending it to their friends .
When those customers grow , they ’ll buy more licenses .
When people working at those customers move to new companies , they ’ll recommend my software to those new companies .
Effectively I am willing to accept a lower price now in exchange for creating grassroots support .
I see the low price of FogBugz as being an investment in advertising that I expect will pay off many times over in the long run .
So far , it ’s working very well : FogBugz sales have grown more than 100 % for three years without marketing , solely based on word - of - mouth and existing customers buying additional licenses .
By comparison , look at BEA .
Big company .
Big price tag .
The price alone means almost nobody has experience with their product .
Nobody comes out of college and starts a dotcom using BEA technology , because they could n’t afford BEA technology in college .
A lot of other good technologies have doomed themselves with high prices : Apple WebObjects was irrelevant as an application server because it started at $ 50,000 .
Who cared how good it was ?
Nobody ever used it !
Anything made by Rational .
The only way these products get into the hands of users is with an expensive full - frontal sales pitch .
At these prices , the sales pitch is made to the executive , not the techie .
The techies may well actively resist bad technology with good sales that the executives force down their throats .
We have lots of FogBugz customers who have high - priced Remedy , Rational , or Mercury products sitting on the shelves after investments of well over $ 100,000 , because that software is n’t good enough to actually use .
Then they buy a couple of thousand dollars worth of FogBugz and that ’s the product they really use .
The Rational salesperson is laughing at me , because I have $ 2000 in the bank and he has $ 100,000 .
But I have far more customers than he does , and they ’re all using my product , and evangelizing it , and spreading it , while Rational customers either ( a ) do n’t use it or ( b ) use it and ca n’t stand it .
But he ’s still laughing at me from his 40 foot yacht while I play with rubber duckies in the bathtub .
Like I said , all three methods work fine .
But cheaper prices is like buying advertising and as such is an investment in the future .
OK .
Where was I .
Oh yeah , before I started frothing at the mouth , I was picking apart the logic of deriving a demand curve .
When I walked you through that whole discussion of the demand curve , you were probably asking yourself , “ How do I know how much people are willing to pay ? ”
You ’re right .
That ’s a problem .
You ca n’t really find out what the demand curve is .
You can have focus groups and ask people , but they ’ll lie to you .
Some people will lie to show off their generosity and wealth .
“ Heck , yeah , I ’d buy a pair of $ 400 jeans in a New York Minute ! ”
Other people will lie because they really want your thing and they think you ’ll decide to charge less money if they tell you a low number .
“ Blogging software ?
Hmm .
I ’d pay , at most , 38 cents . ”
Then you ask another focus group the next day , and this time , the first man to speak has a crush on a pretty woman in the group , and he wants to impress her , so he starts talking about how much his car cost and everyone is thinking Big Numbers .
And the day after that , you serve Starbucks during the break , and while you ’re in the john everyone unbeknownst to you gets into a side conversation about paying $ 4 for a cup of coffee , and they ’re in a real frugal mood when you ask them about their willingness to pay .
Then you finally get the focus group to agree that your software is worth $ 25 a month , and then you ask them how much they would pay for a permanent license and the same people just wo n’t go a penny over $ 100 .
People seriously can’t count .
Or you ask some aircraft designers how much they would pay and they sort of think $ 99 would be a maximum price , even though aircraft designers regularly use software that costs on the order of $ 3000 a month without being aware of it , because someone else does the purchasing .
So from day to day you get radically , and I mean radically different answers when you ask people how much they ’re willing to pay for something .
The truth is , the only way to determine how much someone will pay for something is to put it up for sale , and see how many people actually buy it .
Then you can try twiddling the prices to measure price sensitivity and try to derive the demand curve , but until you have something like 1,000,000 customers and you are absolutely sure that customer A will not find out you are offering a lower price to customer B , you will not get statistically meaningful responses .
There ’s a real strong tendency to assume that experiments done on large populations of people should work out just like experiments done with chemicals in a high school lab , but everyone that has ever tried to do experiments on people knows that you get wildly variable results that just are n’t repeatable and the only way you can be confident in your results is to carefully avoid ever doing the same experiment twice .
And , in fact , you ca n’t even be sure that the demand curve is downward sloping .
The only reason we assumed that the demand curve is downward sloping is that we assumed things like “ if Freddy is willing to buy a pair of sneakers for $ 130 , he is certainly willing to buy those same sneakers for $ 20 . ”
Right ?
Ha !
Not if Freddy is an American teenager !
American teenagers would not be caught dead in $ 20 sneakers .
It ’s , like , um , the death penalty ?
if you are wearing sneakers ?
that only cost $ 20 a pair ? in school ?
I ’m not joking around here : prices send signals .
Movies in my town cost , I think , $ 11 .
Criminy .
There used to be a movie theatre that had movies for $ 3 .
Did anyone go there ?
I DON ’T THINK SO .
It ’s obviously just a dumping ground for lousy movies .
Somebody is now at the bottom of the East River with $ 20.00 cement sneakers because they dared to tell the consumer which movies the industry thought were lousy .
You see , people tend to believe that you get what you pay for .
The last time I needed a lot of hard drive space I invested in some nice cheap hard drives allegedly designed by Mr. Porsche himself that went for about $ 1 a gigabyte .
Within six months all four had failed .
Last week I replaced them with Seagate Cheetah SCSI hard drives that cost about $ 4 a gigabyte because I ’ve been running those since I started Fog Creek four years ago without a glitch .
Chalk it up to “ you get what you pay for . ”
There are just too many examples where you actually do get what you pay for , and the uninformed consumer is generally going to infer that the more expensive product is better .
Buying a coffee maker ?
Want a really good coffee maker ?
You have two choices .
Find the right issue of Consumer Reports in the library , or go to Williams - Sonoma and get the most expensive coffee maker they have there .
When you ’re setting a price , you ’re sending a signal .
If your competitor ’s software ranges in price from about $ 100 to about $ 500 , and you decide , heck , my product is about in the middle of the road , so I ’ll sell it for $ 300 , well , what message do you think you ’re sending to your customers ?
You ’re telling them that you think your software is “ eh . ” I have a better idea : charge $ 1350 .
Now your customers will think , “ oh , man , that stuff has to be the cat ’s whiskers since they ’re charging mad coin for it ! ”
And then they wo n’t buy it because the limit on the corporate AMEX is $ 500 .
Misery .
The more you learn about pricing , the less you seem to know .
I ’ve been nattering on about this topic for well over 5000 words and I do n’t really feel like we ’re getting anywhere , you and I .
Some days it seems like it would be easier to be a taxi driver , with prices set by law .
Or to be selling sugar .
Plain ol ’ sugar .
Yep .
That would be sweet .
Take my advice , offered about 20 pages back : charge $ 0.05 for your software .
Unless it does bug tracking , in which case the correct price is $ 30,000,000 .
Thank you for your time , and I apologize for leaving you even less able to price software than you were when you started reading this .
Treatment Not Jail : California Saving Hundreds of Millions of Dollars Thanks to Proposition 36 , Reports Say
4/14/06
http://stopthedrugwar.org/chronicle/431/prop36.shtml
California 's Proposition 36 , the six - year - old program that mandates treatment instead of prison for drug offenders , is saving taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars while dramatically decreasing the number of drug offenders in prison in the state , according to a new study from the Justice Policy Institute .
The JPI report echoes a report released last week by UCLA that found taxpayers save $ 2.50 for every dollar invested in drug treatment and that the state saved $ 173 million in the first year of Prop 36's operation alone .
California prison
JPI 's report said the rate of incarceration for drug possession offenses has decreased by more than a third .
Since Prop 36 went into effect , the percentage of state prisoners doing time on drug charges has dropped from 27 % to 21 % , close to the national average .
" Since Proposition 36 came into effect , drug imprisonment in California fell , and this has saved Californian taxpayer hundreds of millions of dollars , " said Jason Ziedenberg , coauthor of the report , and executive director of JPI .
" In a state that has struggled with corrections and sentencing reform , Proposition 36 stands out as a successful way to reduce drug imprisonment . "
" The cost savings are dramatic , but with increased system accountability measures and improved offender management , as well as incentives to community programs for better treatment entry , retention , and completion rates , they could rise even higher , " said M. Douglas Anglin , co-author of the UCLA study and professor - in - residence of psychiatry and biobehavioral sciences .
" Our suggestions for boosting those savings include further improvements in the coordination of services and continuity of care within counties , better participant screening , improved matching of services to needs , and attention to special populations of drug offenders , including minorities and offenders with psychiatric problems . "
The two reports will provide powerful ammunition for those seeking to increase funding for Prop 36 programs .
Five years of voter - mandated funding run out this summer , and while Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ( R ) has earmarked $ 120 million to cover costs next year , that is n't enough , say reformers .
Spending needs to be at least $ 200 million next year , JPI study coauthor Scott Ehlers told DRCNet last month .
Everyone complains about the rising cost of healthcare .
And now is the season when politicians and pundits propose solutions .
Unfortunately , too many of these proposals spring from the wrongheaded notion that healthcare is , as a recent New York Times letter - writer asserted , " a human right and a universal entitlement . "
Sounds noble .
But not everything that is highly desirable is a right .
Most rights simply oblige us to respect one another 's freedoms ; they do not oblige us to pay for others to exercise these freedoms .
Respecting rights such as freedom of speech and of worship does not impose huge demands upon taxpayers .
Healthcare , although highly desirable , differs fundamentally from these rights .
Because providing healthcare takes scarce resources , offering it free at the point of delivery would raise its cost and reduce its availability .
To see why , imagine if government tried to supply food as a universally available " right . "
To satisfy this right , government would raise taxes to meet all anticipated food needs .
Store shelves across the land would then be stocked .
Citizens would have the right to enter these storehouses to get " free " food .
Does anyone believe that such a system would effectively supply food ?
It 's clear that with free access to food , too many people would take too much food , leaving many others with no food at all .
Government would soon realize that food storehouses are emptying faster than expected .
In response , it might hike taxes even higher to produce more food – raising the price that society pays for nutrition .
Stocking stores with more food , though , wo n't solve the problem .
With food free at the point of delivery , consumers would take all that they can carry .
People would quickly learn that if they do n't grab as much food as possible today , the store might run out of the foods that their families need tomorrow .
This creates a vicious cycle of moral hazard that unwittingly pits neighbor against neighbor .
Eventually , to avoid spending impossibly large chunks of society 's resources producing food , government would start restricting access to it .
Bureaucrats would enforce rations , such as " two gallons of milk per family per week . "
There might be exceptions for those with special needs , but most of us would be allowed to take only those foods that officials decide we need .
Food would be a universal entitlement in name only .
In practice , it would be strictly limited by government rules .
Of course , by keeping what food it does supply " free , " government might ensure that at least basic foodstuffs are available to everyone as a right .
And maybe this is the sort of outcome that universal healthcare advocates have in mind :
Only essential care is a right to be enjoyed by everyone free of charge .
The problem is that notions of " essential care " are vague .
Is medical care essential if doctors say it might improve by 50 percent an 80 - year - old 's chances of living an additional year ?
What about care that improves by 10 percent a 25 - year - old 's chances of living an additional 50 years ?
Such questions are wickedly difficult to answer .
Despite these difficulties , many Americans demand that government do more to guarantee access to healthcare .
Although their concern is understandable , those who make such demands forget that government intervention itself is a major cause of today 's high and rising healthcare costs .
Indeed , this intervention has created a situation akin to what would happen if government supplied our food for " free . "
Medicare , Medicaid , and tax - deductibility of employer - provided health insurance created a system in which patients at the point of delivery now pay only a small fraction of their medical bills out of pocket .
This situation leads to monstrously inefficient consumption of healthcare .
Some people consume too much , while many others with more pressing needs do without .
Because the wasteful consumption caused by heavily subsidized access drives up healthcare costs , taxpayers must pay more and more to fund Medicare and Medicaid , while private insurers must continually raise premiums .
The sad and perverse result is that increasing numbers of people go without health insurance .
The solution is less , not more , government involvement in healthcare .
Market forces have consistently lowered the cost and improved the quality and accessibility of food – which is at least as important to human survival as is healthcare .
There 's no reason markets can't do the same for healthcare .
It 's ironic but true :
Only by abandoning attempts to provide healthcare as a " right " that 's paid for largely by others will we enjoy surer access to it .
• Donald J. Boudreaux is chairman of the economics department at George Mason University .
Students suffocate under tens of thousands in loans By Sandra Block , USA TODAY Tom Dillon , 19 , a pre-pharmacy major at the University of Connecticut , is carrying $ 52,000 in student loans .
And he 's just getting started .
When he gets his pharmacy doctorate in four years , he expects his debt to exceed $ 150,000 .
Dillon 's been drawn to pharmacy since age 5 , when he found out he had epilepsy .
" The first person who helped me was my pharmacist , " he says .
Dillon , who no longer has epilepsy , would like to go into pharmaceutical research .
But he knows he'd earn more money as a pharmacist for one of the big drugstore chains .
" When I get out , I 'm going to have that $ 150,000 weighing over me , " he says .
" What I decide is going to be dependent on that debt . "
And the cost of that debt is about to rise .
On July 1 , the rate on new federally guaranteed student loans will hit a fixed 6.8 % , the highest rate since 2001 .
It comes as the average graduate owes $ 19,000 .
Many undergrads , though , have debt exceeding $ 40,000 .
Those higher payments carry huge implications for this generation of college graduates .
The weight of debt is forcing many to put off saving for retirement , getting married , buying homes and putting aside money for their own children 's educations .
Average college debt
For undergraduate bachelor of arts degree recipients , by type of college for the 2003 - 04 academic year : Private , for profit $ 24,200 Private , nonprofit $ 16,000 Public $ 10,600 Source : CollegeBoard 's 2005 Trends in Student Aid Heavy student debts may also keep young adults from starting businesses , says Diana Cantor , director of the Virginia College Savings Plan .
Some graduates will refuse to risk what little money they have on entrepreneurial ventures .
And securing loans will now be harder .
" It 's a real crisis , " Cantor says .
" You 're strapped before you get started . "
The average debt for a college graduate has soared 50 % in the past decade , after inflation , according to the Project on Student Debt , a non-profit advocacy group .
Just as record - low mortgage rates have eased the impact of soaring home prices , low student - loan rates have let borrowers cut their payments , softening the impact of rising debt .
" Low interest rates have served as a sort of amnesty for graduates with debt , " says Robert Shireman , founder of the Project on Student Debt .
" We have n't seen what the real impact is of much higher levels of borrowing . "
Now , with interest rates rising , that amnesty is about to end .
The 6.8 % fixed rate for Stafford loans , the most popular student loan , will replace a variable rate that used to be adjusted every July 1 , based on Treasury bills .
Under the old system , borrowers could consolidate their loans when rates were low .
And they could lock in that low rate for the life of their loans .
Today , students who do n't want to borrow at higher rates have few other options .
Twenty - five years ago , students who wanted to avoid debt could use money from part - time and summer jobs to help pay for college .
But since then , college tuition has risen at twice the rate of consumer prices .
Tuition has soared much faster than pay has for the kinds of low - wage jobs that students tend to hold .
In 1981 , a student could work full time all summer at minimum wage and earn about two - thirds of annual college costs , according to an analysis by Heather Boushey , economist for the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
Today , a student earning minimum wage would have to work full time for a year to afford one year of education at a four - year public university — and that assumes she saves every penny , Boushey concluded .
Parents , meantime , face competing demands for their money .
They 're trying to save for retirement just as their kids are starting college .
Financial planners have long urged people not to delay retirement saving to pay for college .
The idea was that students could borrow for college but that parents can't borrow for retirement .
That was an easier argument to make when debt loads — and tuition — were lower , says Amy Noel , a financial planner in Boulder , Colo .
She still believes parents should n't sacrifice retirement security for their children 's education .
But she lays out options for her clients .
" If college is so important to you , what are you willing to give up ? "
Noel says .
" Are you willing to work four years longer ? "
A cloudy future Lenders note that even without the change in the law , rates on Stafford loans would have risen above 6 % on July 1 , because rates on the benchmark Treasury bills have risen this year .
They also point out that the fixed - rate formula will protect borrowers from sharp increases in future interest rates .
But if interest rates drop , borrowers with loans issued after July 1 wo n't be able to benefit .
Graduates will still be able to extend payment periods by consolidating their loans .
But that wo n't provide any interest - rate relief .
That 's because the loan rates will be fixed .
Nickalous Reykdal , 22 , an education major at Central Washington University , expects to leave with about $ 15,000 in debt when he graduates next year .
Paying off that debt will be " very difficult " on a starting teacher 's salary , Reykdal says .
" It 's like having a huge cloud over my head — worrying about how to pay this money off . "
To avoid piling on even more debt , Reykdal has worked up to 25 hours a week during the school year and 60 hours a week in the summer .
He 's now taking a quarter off to work for a student organization so he can pay off a $ 1,500 credit card bill .
He used the credit card — which he has since cut up — to pay for " little things I did n't want to bother my parents about . "
What students can do to limit their debt loads
With college costs continuing to rise , many students can't avoid loans .
But there are steps you can take to reduce the size of your debts .
Among them :
• If you 've already graduated , consolidate your loans before July 1 .
If you 're already paying off your loans , you can lock in a 5.375 % rate for the life of the loan .
Graduates who consolidate during their grace period — the six months before you have to start making monthly payments — can lock in a rate as low as 4.75 % .
The 6.8 % fixed rate that takes effect July 1 applies to new loans .
Loans taken out before then will still have a variable rate that 's adjusted every July 1 .
That variable rate is expected to top 6 % on July 1 .
Consolidating your loans will let you avoid that increase .
If you 're still in school and have loans outstanding , talk to your lender about " in-school " consolidation .
That would let you lock in a rate on money you 've already borrowed .
You must consolidate before July 1 , though .
The new law will bar in - school consolidation after that date .
• When borrowing for college , opt for government - guaranteed student loans before you turn to private loans .
Because private loans are n't guaranteed by the government , interest rates and fees are usually higher than for federal Stafford loans .
The maximum that dependent undergraduates can borrow under the federal program is $ 23,000 .
So some students with high college costs have to use private loans .
But others are taking out private loans before they 've taken full advantage of the federal program .
A 2003 study by the Public Interest Research Group of students with private loans found that nearly 24 % did n't take out any Stafford loans , and 26 % borrowed less than the maximum allowed .
• Do n't compound your problems by running up credit card debt .
The average undergraduate has a credit card balance of $ 2,169 , according to a 2004 survey by student lender Nellie Mae .
Only 21 % of students paid off their balances each month .
Many students use credit cards to pay for books , supplies and class fees .
But keep in mind :
The average interest rate for a standard , variable - rate card is 13.7 % , according to Bankrate.com .
And overdue payments can cause those rates to soar .
By Sandra Block Reykdal hopes to find a job teaching math and science to children of low - income families so he 'll qualify for a federal loan - forgiveness program .
" I 'm going to go to wherever the first low - income school will hire me , because I need a job , " he says .
The government limits the loan - forgiveness programs to a handful of teaching and nursing positions and some members of the military .
Graduates in other fields who have trouble paying off their loans can extend their payment periods for up to 30 years .
But that will sharply boost the interest they 'll pay .
For example , a borrower who takes 30 years to pay off a $ 20,000 loan at 6.8 % will pay about $ 27,000 in interest .
That compares with $ 7,619 on a loan paid off in 10 years .
Borrowers can try to defer their payments .
But they must prove they 're suffering from economic hardship .
Loan forbearance , which provides a reprieve from payments , is easier to get .
But for most loans , interest will pile up during the forbearance period .
That further swells the student 's debt load .
Kimberly Bluford , 34 , a social worker in Hampton , Va. , has put her loans in forbearance several times since graduating in 1997 .
Social workers in her area do n't make much money , and she was laid off from one job , she says .
" Even with a master 's degree , it 's a struggle . "
Bluford 's balance has gone from $ 22,000 when she graduated to about $ 29,000 .
Her debt is exacerbated by a high interest rate .
In 1999 , when rates were above 8 % , she consolidated her loans ; federal rules forbid consolidating loans more than once , even if rates fall .
Bluford , who has a 6 - year - old daughter , says she 'll " probably be 60 " by the time her loan is repaid .
Though forbearance will expand a student 's loan balance , the consequences of default are worse .
The loan might be turned over to a collection agency .
If so , collection fees would increase the balance .
The default will also be reported to credit agencies .
And it will show up as a negative item on a credit report .
The government can also intercept borrowers ' tax refunds , garnish wages and withhold Social Security and other federal benefits .
Erasing the loans by filing for bankruptcy is seldom an option .
A 1998 law designed to reduce student loan defaults requires borrowers to prove they 'll fail to maintain a minimal standard of living unless their student loans are wiped out .
That standard is nearly impossible to meet , says Nora Raum , a lawyer and author of Surviving Personal Bankruptcy .
The bankruptcy reform law enacted last year toughened the rules by extending the hardship standards to the private student loans that borrowers often turn to once they 've maxed out on government loans , Raum says .
In December , a federal appeals court in Richmond ruled against a single mother of a 7 - year - old child who earned $ 10,771 in 2003 , the year she filed for bankruptcy .
The woman , who was self - employed , had no health insurance and drove a car with 250,000 miles on it , according to court documents .
In overturning a lower court 's ruling in her favor , the appeals court said the woman failed to show that she could n't find a higher - paying job .
It also faulted her for not consolidating her loans , which would have cut her payments .
Also contributing to a rise in debt : a sharp drop in direct aid .
Congress has n't increased the Pell Grant , the most common direct aid for low - income students , since 2003 .
The maximum Pell Grant : $ 4,050 a year .
" The Pell Grant is n't even keeping up with inflation , let alone college costs , " says Luke Swarthout of the Public Interest Research Group .
Students have to borrow more to make up the gap between direct aid and the amount their families can afford to contribute , he says .
As a result , low - income students are carrying a disproportionate amount of student debt , says Shireman of the Project on Student Debt .
Shireman analyzed loans held by Pell Grant recipients because those students are from low - income families .
More than 88 % of Pell Grant recipients who graduated with a bachelor 's degree in 2004 had student loans , vs. 59 % of students who did n't have Pell Grants , according to an analysis of Education Department data .
The average amount borrowed by Pell Grant recipients was 12 % higher than the amount borrowed by other students .
And one - fourth of the low - income students had more than $ 27,000 in loans .
Caught in a bind Students from middle - income families , meanwhile , say they 're , well , caught in the middle .
Their families earn too much to qualify for direct aid — but too little to pay the full tab for college .
That leaves them no choice but to borrow .
Tom Dillon says his family 's income made him ineligible for direct financial aid .
But because he has three younger sisters , including two who 'll be in college the same time he is , his parents can't afford to pay his college bills .
" We 're stuck , " he says .
Loan payments are typically deferred until after graduation .
So many students do n't think much about their debts , or the interest rates they 'll pay , while they 're in school , Shireman says .
" It does n't hit home until they graduate , or worse , until they fail to graduate for some reason and then they 're faced with these loan payments . "
Nicole Lamarche , 27 , an ordained minister for the Wellesley Congregational Church - United Church of Christ in Wellesley , Mass. , considers herself fortunate .
She consolidated $ 33,000 in loans last year , extending the payment period and locking in a low rate .
So her monthly payments are $ 200 , vs. $ 350 if she had n't consolidated .
But even with the lower payments , she does n't think she 'll be able to buy a home for years .
And she can't find money in her budget to save for retirement .
" I 've been told that these are the important years for compound interest — put in money now , " she says .
" But these are the years you do n't have any money . "
Reykdal says all his friends have student loans and predicts that the higher rates will force many future graduates to spend years paying off their debts .
" Their student loans will double by the time they pay them off , just on interest alone , " he says .
" It makes me really worry about the future . "
Yet another infrequently - updated blog , this one about the daily excitement of working in the software industry .
------------------------------
Joint Approximate size ( knobs ) torque capacity ( N - mx10-6 ) ------------------------------ 1 10.4 2 50.2 3 89.6 4 157.3 5 281.6 6 339.2 7 364.5 ------------------------------
These measures are relative :
They vary from one brick to another , and by undetermined factors such as temperature , humidity , aging , etc .
The table shown reflects an attempt at taking a conservative measure :
The number we need to use is the minimum that any Lego union of certain characteristics is guaranteed to support and not , for example , the average .
In our simulations we used the conservative figures above and additionally set the gravitational constant to 1.2 times its actual value - thus allowing for an extra 20 % error margin .
Our model of `rigid ' joint means it will exert any reaction torque necessary to avoid breaking , up to a certain limit .
All we are using is this concept of a maximum load .
In a stable system , the actual torque being exerted by certain body at any given joint is underdetermined .
This means for example that if two bricks are supporting the weight of a third one between them ( fig. 2. ) , the load could be considered to be distributed among each of the two joints in any legal combination .
Since only one joint is enough in this case , we could consider that all the weight is on the left joint , and none on the right one .
This can be verified by removing the right supporting brick :
The middle one will not fall , because the union with the leftmost brick is strong enough to support its weight .
Our model is thus based on the following principle :
As long as there is a way to distribute the weights among the network of bricks such that no joint is stressed beyond its maximum capacity , the structure will not break .
3.2 A Greedy Generalized Network Flow Algorithm
The algorithmic rendering of our model is still under development .
However , it allows us to make the model calculations and obtain the results we are presenting .
However , even in its initial state , it worked well enough to use as a basis for fitness testing of structures which were indeed buildable .
This algorithm must find whether or not there exists a distribution of the combined gravitational forces generated by the center of mass of each brick , such that no joint is stressed beyond its maximum capacity .
For each given brick we consider the network of all the joints in the structure as a flow network that will absorb this weight and transmit it to the ground .
Each joint can support a certain fraction α of such a force , given by the formula
(1)
for each body b and joint j , where K j is the maximum capacity of the joint , dx( j , b ) is the distance between the body and the joint along the horizontal axis , and wb the weight of the body .
If a given body b is fixed and each edge on the graph on fig .
9 . is labeled with the corresponding a j , b according to ( 1 ) , a network flow problem ( [ 5 ] , chapter 27 ) is obtained where a net flow of 1.0 between a source b and the two sinks at ( 5,0 ) and ( 20,0 ) represents a valid distribution of the weight of b in the structure .
The complete problem is not reducible , however , to a network flow algorithm , due to the fact that there are multiple forces to be applied at different points , and the capacity of each joint relative to each body varies with the mass of the body and the x-distance between body and joint .
Leaving aside the study of better algorithmic implementations , we have simply implemented a greedy algorithm :
Once a solution has been found for the distribution of the first mass , it is fixed , and a remaining capacity for each joint is computed that will conform a reduced network that must support the weight of the next body , and so on .
The fundamental consideration to be done here is that , even if our algorithm does not find all possible solutions , it finds many of them .
Any structure that is `approved ' by our simulation possesses a load distribution that does not overstress any joint , and thus it will not fall under its own weight .
It will stand .
Our evolutionary algorithm might be limited by the simulation when it fails to approve a structure that was physically valid , but still may succeed by working only in the space of `provable ' solutions .
3.3 Time complexity
A second compromise in our simulation will come from the fact that our initial implementation of the simulation algorithm does not scale well .
Its worst case running time would be O ( 3n ) , where n is the number of bricks .
Fortunately , in the actual examples , many bricks are connected only to one or two others , thus reducing the number of combinations .
Again this combinatorial explosion problem will ultimately constrain the search space .
Only the solutions that can be found by our algorithm in a reasonable time are useful to our evolutionary runs .
We inserted an ad hoc limiting parameter into our code to cut off the simulation when it has failed to find a solution after a certain maximum number of iterations .
Our initial representation to perform evolutionary computation over these structures borrows the standard tree mutation and crossover operators from genetic programming [ 10 ] .
We have implemented a tree notation for two - dimensional Lego structures .
Each node on the tree represents a brick and has one size parameter ( either 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 or 16 for the available brick sizes ) and four potential sons , each one representing a new brick linked at one of its four corners .
When a union is present , a joint size parameter determines the number of overlapping knobs in the union .
The diagram on fig .
4 . represents a 10 - brick with its 4 joint sites labeled 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , that is linked to a 6 - brick by two overlapping knobs .
The corresponding tree could be written in pseudo - Lisp notation as
( 10 NIL ( 2 ( 6 NIL NIL NIL ) ) NIL NIL ) ( 2 )
A problem with this representation , similar in origin to the problem of valid function parameters in genetic programming , is that it is underconstrained :
Only some trees will encode valid Lego structures .
No more than one brick can be at each corner , so every node can have at most three sons , not four as the encoding allows .
Joint sizes must also be compatible with each other and in general , two bricks cannot overlap each other .
The following extension to ( 2 ) , for example , is illegal because both 10 - bricks would share the same physical space
( 10 NIL ( 2 ( 6 NIL NIL NIL ( 4 ( 10 NIL NIL NIL ) ) ) ) NIL NIL ) ( 3 )
4.1 Mutation and Crossover
There are two possible mutations :
1. Mutation of the joint and brick sizes at any random point
2. Addition of a single brick at a random empty joint
To implement mutation , a random joint in the tree ( or the root ) is selected , and , if NIL , mutation 2 is applied , otherwise mutation 1 .
Crossover , in turn , Regarding crossover , the basic crossover operator involves two parent trees out of which random subtrees are selected .
The offspring generated has the first subtree removed and replaced by the second .
After mutation or crossover operators are applied , a new , possibly invalid specification tree is formed .
The resulting is expanded one node at a time and overlapping is checked .
Whenever an overlap is found the tree is truncated at that site .
With this procedure , a maximum spatially valid subtree is built as the result of crossover or mutation .
Once a valid tree has been obtained , the physical model is constructed and the structure tested for gravitational correctness .
If approved , fitness is evaluated and the new individual is added to the population .
4.2 Steady State GA with low evolutionary pressure .
Our goal is not to optimize the evolutionary algorithm , but to show that evolution is indeed possible and our models are physically sound .
We use a straightforward steady - state genetic algorithm :
1 . While maximum fitness < Target fitness 2 . Do Randomly select mutation or crossover .
3 . Select 1 ( 2 for crossover ) random individual (s ) with fitness proportional probability .
4 . Apply mutation or crossover operator 5 . Generate physical model and test for gravitational load 6 .
If the new model will support its own weight .
7 . Then replace a random individual with it .( chosen with inverse fitness proportional probability )
These are the basic parameters used in the GA runs :
Population Size:1000
In a recent interview , Kirsten Dunst dishes out some insight as to why she and Jake Gyllenhal could not last .
You see , she had too much freak in her and Jake just could n’t handle it .
I ’ll let her do the talking while I attempt to stop my penis from retracting for good .
“ We tried to spice things up ÃƒÂ ¯Ã ‚Â ¿ Ã ‚Â ½ we had sex in cars , in the bathroom and even by the sea .
The only place we did n’t have the guts to try was in a walkway in a hotel because we thought we might get kicked out if we were caught . ”
“ Maybe I ’m a weird girl and I just needed a good freak to match me . ”
I ’m not sure who to make fun of .
Jake may be flippantly fruity , but I ca n’t fault him for this .
If I ever saw an as of yet unidentified mammal hurtling towards me for sex , I ’d also pretend to be gay .
The only difference being I would have stopped by now .
And Jesus .
Considering a hotel walkway ?
Have some decency .
Had I wanted to stumble across two baboons going at it , I would have just gone to the zoo .
George W. Bush Is Dead To Me / Nation cringes as the worst president ever continues long , painful slog to the end
I t is like some sort of virus .
It is like some sort of weird and painful rash on your face that makes you embarrassed to walk out the door and so you sit there day after day , waiting for it to go away , slathering on ointment and Bactine and scotch .
And yet still it lingers .
Some days the pain is so searing and hot you want to cut off your own head with a nail file .
Other days it is numb and pain - free and seemingly OK , to the point where you think it might finally be all gone and you allow yourself a hint of a whisper of a positive feeling , right up until you look in the mirror , and scream .
George W. Bush is just like that .
Everyone I know has had enough .
Everyone I know is just about done .
There is this threshold of happy deadened disgust , this point where the body simply resigns itself to the pain , a point where the disease , the poison has seeped so deeply into the bones that you just have to laugh and shrug it all off and go for a drink .
Or 10 .
I was having cocktails recently with a group of people , among whom were two lifetime Republicans , each in his 60s , corporate businessmen , one admittedly slightly more moderate than the other ( to the point where , after once hearing a senator read off a long list of Bush 's hideous environmental atrocities , actually let his conscience lead his choice and ended up voting for Kerry ) but nevertheless both devoted members of the party .
Bush came up , as a topic , as a cancer , as a fetid miasma in the air .
They were both shaking their heads .
They were sighing heavily .
They were both , in a word , disgusted .
The more staunchly conservative of the two even went so far as to say he was so embarrassed and humiliated by this president , by this administration , so appalled at all the war atrocities and the wiretapping and the misuse of law , the fiscal irresponsibility and the abuse of the lower classes and the outright arrogance , that if the Dems could somehow produce a decent moderate candidate with a brain , he'd have zero problem switching allegiances and voting for him .
Or her .
It may not sound like much .
It may not seem like a major shift .
But it is , in its way , sort of massive .
For thoughtful Repubs with a conscience ( they actually exist , I have seen them ) , there is little left to defend .
There is little this administration has done among all categories of ostensible GOP values that they can look to with any sort of pride .
Medicare ?
Shrinking the budget ?
Smaller government ?
Less intervention in our lives ?
Reduced spending ?
Increased respect in the international community ?
Responsible international citizen ?
Ha .
Name your topic , BushCo has failed .
Spectacularly .
Intentionally .
Indeed , countless Dems were disappointed with Clinton 's behavior during Monicagate .
Many were ashamed that he would cheapen the office so badly by such trashy moral behavior .
But that was just a cheap little affair ( our allies never understood all the fuss anyway ) .
This was never the attitude toward Clinton 's politics , his capacity to understand complex issues , his astounding political savvy .
No one anywhere doubted he made the country richer , more environmentally conscious , more stable , more respected and admired .
Clinton was globally adored not only for his charisma but for his contributions to world peace .
Plus he could actually point to Afghanistan on a map .
What a difference a handful of years makes .
Now , overseas , we are a joke .
A threat .
A toxin .
We are considered reckless and arrogant and ignorant , dangerous not just to the rest of the world but to the overall health of the planet .
No one anywhere understands how a man like Bush can be the leader of the Free World , stolen election or no .
Sure , smarter Europeans know full well that the United States is deeply divided between the pseudo - religious right - wing warmongers who control a tiny cadre of the powerful elite , and , well , everyone else .
It does not matter .
America 's reputation as a powerful and respected diplomatic peacekeeper , as the nation that sets the standards for human rights and economic freedom and choice , is hobbled .
Crippled .
Is very nearly dead .
How quickly can we recover ?
How much damage has been done ?
History will tell , and it will be ugly indeed .
Interesting feature interview with Al Gore in Rolling Stone recently .
Gore mentions two amazing things : one is the discussion he's had with generals regarding Iraq , with one coming right out and admitting that Bush 's disastrous Iraq war will go down as the worst invasion in American history , our greatest misstep , our most costly and debilitating mistake .
Among top brass in the know , of this there is little question .
The other was about the discussions Gore 's had with various major corporate CEOs about Gore 's pet issue , global warming , and how obvious it is that 15 minutes after BushCo leaves office , we will have a radically new global warming policy .
In other words , Bush wo n't do a thing about it in the next two years , despite how obvious it shall become that we are in crisis , simply because he can't risk finally coming out and admitting yet another enormous policy disaster .
Not to mention how nearly six years of enviro policy abuse , from air quality to water to forestry to pollution deregulation on all his industrial pals , can't be undone with a smirk and a prayer .
Which is just another way of saying we are currently stuck .
We are swirling around the bottom of the drain , clinging on to anything that might hold us from going under for just a little while longer .
We have to let the neocon disease run its course , and just pray that at the end of it all the scarring and the pain and damage will not be so permanent , and so hideous , that we can't be seen in public for a decade .
This is where it stands :
Bush can in no way risk alienating the ultra - right - wing bonk - job contingent that put him in office ( they are , considering Bush 's 32 - percent approval rating , the only ones left even remotely supporting him -- even though , according to many estimates , they 're starting to abandon him , too ) , and hence all policy and all agenda items from here on out will be even more vicious and desperate in an attempt to shore up the base .
Hence trying to mutilate the Constitution to ban gay marriage .
Hence attacking the New York Times and claiming newspapers are endangering American lives .
In other words , Bush 's latest nasty , Rove - designed salvos and upcoming attacks to save a sliver of power and pride and sneering GOP control are just the beginning .
However -- praise Jesus and pass the scotch -- they are the beginning of the end .
Thoughts for the author ?
E-mail him
Mark Morford 's Notes & Errata column appears every Wednesday and Friday on SF Gate and in the Datebook section of the SF Chronicle .
To get on the e-mail list for this column , please click here and remove one article of clothing .
Mark 's column also has an RSS feed and an archive of past columns , which includes another tiny photo of Mark probably insufficient for you to recognize him in the street and give him gifts .
As if that were n't enough , Mark also contributes to the hot , spankin ' SF Gate Culture Blog .
By Chris Summers
BBC News
The UK Home Office is expected to announce within days whether it will ban khat , a narcotic shrub which men in the Somali and Yemeni communities have traditionally chewed .
Khat is illegal in the United States but is entirely uncontrolled in UK .
Is it really any more dangerous than tobacco or alcohol ?
Facts about khat There are two main types of khat - mirra and hereri Mirra is grown mainly in Kenya Hereri comes from Ethiopia A bundle of khat costs around £ 3 in Britain Khat is illegal in the US and a bundle there sells for between $ 50 and $ 80
The stimulant khat , or qat , is currently legal in the UK although it is banned in the United States , Canada and several European countries .
The plant - celastrus edulis - is grown mainly in Kenya and Ethiopia but most of the crop is picked and flown to Somalia or the Yemen or to expatriate groups in Europe .
Labour MP
Mike Gapes said khat was " causing havoc in the Somali community " and he has called on Home Secretary Charles Clarke to make it a controlled substance .
The MP for Ilford South said : " It used to be chewed mainly by old men but it is now being used by young boys who are in a state of permanent intoxication .
Decision due soon
" There is evidence of serious psychotic consequences from long - term use and also a suggestion that it is carcinogenic . "
Khat has been used for centuries by Somalis , not only for its energy - giving qualities , but also because it makes people more relaxed , talkative and friendly and is also said to improve sexual prowess , although in some men it can actually have the opposite effect .
Khat is popular among Yemenis as well as Somalis
Just before Christmas the Advisory Committee on Drug Misuse handed Mr Clarke its report on khat , which included a recommendation .
The report is due to be published later this month and , if it recommends a ban , it is thought Mr Clarke will push ahead with legislation .
Many Somali women resent the effect of khat on their menfolk and this opposition was highlighted by a recent survey .
Nearly 600 members of Britain 's Somali community were interviewed and 49 % said they would support a ban on khat .
The Yemeni community were not canvassed for their opinions .
' Horrified '
The Home Office said of the survey : " Those who wanted to see it banned generally thought that Somali people would achieve more in British society , working and studying harder than they currently did with khat to distract them . "
Faisa Mohammed , chair of the Bromley - based Somali Well Women Project , said the abuse of khat was damaging many Somali families in Britain .
She said : " Back home the men were the breadwinners but they came to Britain without jobs and took up khat , which has become an addiction .
They chew all night and during the day they can't do anything . "
There is evidence of serious psychotic consequences from long - term use and also a suggestion that it is carcinogenic
Mike Gapes MP
She told the BBC News website : " The women are going out to work , taking the children to school , doing the shopping and the men are doing nothing but chewing . "
Khat was traditionally chewed by Somali men - it was until recently taboo for Somali women to chew - in a gathering place known as a mafrish .
Mohammed Ducaale , a Somali journalist based in Britain , said : " The mafrish is as important to the Somali community as the pub is to the British community .
It is traditionally where people go to talk about their problems or plans . "
To be of good quality khat has to be consumed as fresh as possible and the product is often flown overnight to its consumers .
The trade in khat in one Somali city alone , Hargeisa - the capital of breakaway Somaliland - is estimated at $ 300,000 a day .
The women are going out to work , taking the children to school , doing the shopping and the men are doing nothing but chewing
Faisa Mohamed
Somali Well Women Project
Somalia has been mired in political and military anarchy for more than a decade and many believe the violence between the country 's various warlords has been exacerbated by the drug .
Certainly the Americans thought so when they banned it shortly after the infamous battle of Mogadishu in 1993 , which was immortalised in the film Black Hawk Down .
US military chiefs , who lost 18 soldiers during Operation Restore Hope , were amazed by the endurance of Somali militiamen who fought on for days boosted by khat .
But Abdisalam Mohamed , who came to Britain 15 years ago , said the nature of khat chewing had changed since the day of pre-civil war Somalia .
The mafrish is as important to the Somali community as the pub is to the British community .
Mohammed Ducaale
Mr Mohamed , a journalist with the BBC's Somali Service , said : " Khat never used to be a problem .
My father was a banker and he was a chewer .
After work he would meet friends and they would chew and talk about the day 's events and exchange ideas .
" But nowadays , especially in England , these people do n't have jobs .
They just sit around all day and all night chewing .
They do n't talk to each other and the mafrish is often unhygienic . "
Mr Gapes said : " Somali groups in my constituency , especially women 's groups , are horrified by the effect khat is having .
In 1993 fighters boosted by khat took on the US Marines in Mogadishu
" The Somali community has high levels of unemployment and non-engagement with the rest of society .
Although there are many successful Somalis , it is a community which is under - achieving and I believe khat is partly to blame . "
But many Somalis feel khat is no more dangerous or anti-social than alcohol or tobacco and should not be criminalised .
Mr Ducaale said the problem , as in the case of alcohol , was with those who abused the substance .
" It is not in itself addictive but there are people , especially the young and unemployed , who will chew and chew for 10 hours non-stop , which is not healthy , " he said .
Mr Ducaale said people who chewed too much were not only wasting their lives but were also in danger from mouth cancer - many of the khat farmers are believed to spray their crops with carcinogenic pesticides .
It is a stimulant and it stimulates the mind ... you open up like a flower when you chew
Abdisalam Mohamed
Mr Mohammed , who chews in moderation , said people were abusing it but that was no reason to ban it outright .
He described the benefits of khat : " It is a stimulant and it stimulates the mind .
You open up like a flower when you chew .
You think positively and make plans for the future .
It is a good way of socialising . "
Mr Mohammed said while Somalis largely chewed khat in groups of men , for Yemenis it was something which was usually chewed at home with the rest of the family .
Mr Ducaale said he hoped the Home Office would stop short of a ban and introduce instead some form of licensing system which would require each mafrish to close at certain times and to pay regard to hygiene standards .
The Thingathinga family live in a corrugated iron shack with no sanitation among thousands of other brightly painted corrugated iron shacks on the outskirts of Cape Town .
Ten people , five of them children , share three dark rooms and nobody earns any money .
They are among the poorest people on the planet .
Last week , the richest man in the world walked in through their door .
Bill and Melinda Gates , with an air of slight embarrassment , sat on a low wooden bench in the middle of the dark room , surreally reminiscent of nervous interviewees on a breakfast TV sofa .
Before their arrival , Nkosepaca , the 60 - year - old head of the family , had hauled himself across the floor and into a makeshift wheelchair at one end of the bench .
He lost both legs above the knee when he fell off a crowded train a couple of years ago , and the stumps were tied up with filthy rags .
Gates , whose personal wealth exceeds $ 40 bn ( £ 22bn ) , sat next to him , hands in his lap , eyes lowered below his baseball cap and feet wedged behind one of the chair 's wheels , which might once have belonged to a bicycle .
How were they to make conversation ?
Bill and Melinda Gates , whose charitable foundation takes as its premise that all lives have equal value , struggled to connect .
They were there to talk about tuberculosis , because the foundation is putting millions into research to replace the ancient and inadequate BCG vaccine and find new drugs to shorten the six - month treatment time .
Nkosepaca has had TB four times , infected by different strains of the bacterium - something which it later appeared had fascinated Bill Gates , who was to raise it with scientists again and again , asking what the implications were for a vaccine .
But faced with the man , he was silent and it was his wife Melinda who tried politely to engage Nkosepaca about his health , and who lit up with real warmth as she caught the eye of a wild - haired , fidgety granddaughter or a big - eyed baby .
When his turn came to ask a question , Gates , looking less than comfortable , resorted to numbers .
" How many people live here ? " he asked in that staccato voice that carries all the feeling of a computer chip , followed by : " How long have you had electricity ? "
( The answer was six years . )
The Gateses were on their first tour in South Africa since Bill announced he would step aside from Microsoft ( although only reducing his involvement , he says ) in 2008 and the billionaire financier Warren Buffet announced he would give the $ 30bn foundation most of his fortune - effectively doubling it in size .
The family had no idea of the vast wealth at Gates 's disposal .
" Do you know who he is ? " I asked them .
They shook their heads .
" Or why he has come ? "
No clue .
But as most destitute Africans reasonably do , faced with a white , well - fed foreigner , Nkosepaca asked him for help .
" He asks if anybody can help us because the money we 're getting is too little to sustain a family , " translated a young man from the Desmond Tutu TB Centre at Stellenbosch University , which had arranged the visit .
Later , one of the daughters spoke up .
" I just want to know whether you can help our father , " said 25 - year - old Kutala quietly in English from the back of the room .
" We came for a visit , " answered Melinda .
" We certainly will do something to help your family because you have been so hospitable today . "
If they chose , they could propel this family and many like them into prosperity with a nod .
They could buy them food , a new house , clothes , education for the children and never notice a difference in the bank balance .
It 's an instinctual reaction , they say , but it 's not the right one .
Gates calls it " a kind of a retail approach where you say , ' OK , just the people I 've seen - I 'll help them . '
It 's like saying , ' OK , the ones I have n't seen do n't matter - just the ones I 've seen matter . ' "
" We do a special gift for the houses that we go into , but that 's more out of courtesy .
It is n't how you can change the basic phenomenon that we 've got here . "
Melinda agrees , but with an emotional underlay .
" I do n't think you ever go into a place like this and leave without thinking about the individual .
I 've gone into some of the orphanages where you 'd like to take all the children home with you .
But then you have to always try and upscale from there and say , ' OK , if I help just that one child , what am I doing for the entire cause ? ' "
Gates has the ability to ring - fence a problem and focus his formidable mental energies on solving it .
He moves it into a detached dimension , where he can be scientifically rational .
Emotion does not get in the way .
Confronted with the poverty and suffering of individuals , most people do not feel like that .
In the little shack , as the Gateses run out of questions , Nulda Beyers , the professor at the Desmond Tutu TB Centre who has arranged the visit to the township of Khayelitsha , begins to prompt Nkosepaca .
There are things that matter to her and that she clearly thinks Bill and Melinda ought to know .
In the room are three young women with four small children between them .
" Where are all the men ? " she asks the old man .
" All the boys are on the street .
They wo n't support their kids , " he answers .
She pushes it further , with real feeling in her voice .
" It 's a big problem .
The men run away .
What advice can you give us for your daughters and their children ?
How can we make the men more responsible ? "
" The men must support their kids .
They are a gift from God , " comes the answer .
Gates has not been following .
" Where are the men ?
Are they gone ? " he asks .
The question relates to the messy world outside the clinical parameters of the development of vaccines and drugs for TB .
But Melinda is there .
" They wo n't come here because they have to face up to the fact they have to support the family ? "
Of course , the Gateses know the social and economic realities of life in townships .
Gates recalls his visit to Soweto , where he took a computer and then realised that the failure of electricity to power it was not the most urgent issue in people 's lives .
The pressing problems beyond the scientific challenges of new medicines have led the couple to set up a global development programme , but he does not have a clear vision of where it is going .
" In health , there are incredible solutions like vaccinations where , with an upfront investment , you can dramatically change a disease .
In some of these other issues about jobs , motivation , education , it 's not as clear what the dramatic impact is in those areas , but certainly we 're thinking about it , " he says .
Clean water and improving crops - " so many people talk about being hungry " - are two of the items on the agenda .
He prefers philanthropy performed with technical discipline ; altruism run like a multi-billion - dollar business .
It will probably get results - perhaps spectacular results - but Gates is never going to be a crowd - pleaser .
Two days later , the relatively modest Gates entourage is swallowed by a whale .
Bill and Melinda 's fact - finding trip links up with Bill Clinton 's Africa tour .
Clinton is doing five countries in seven days .
It 's Wednesday , so it must be Lesotho - the tiny state within a state whose tribe held out in the mountains when the British took the rest of South Africa .
It is proud and it is dirt - poor and suddenly there are three huge private jets on the Maseru airstrip - probably more planes than have ever been there at one time before .
Ex-presidential philanthropy looks different from that of software billionaires .
Gates has his own private plane , naturally , but Clinton has two bigger ones , loaned by people richer than himself .
And his millionaire backers come along for the ride , bewitched by the Clinton charisma but with nobody much to talk to .
The small man with prematurely white hair and dark glasses is Frank Giustra , the Canadian financier and head of Lion 's Gate Entertainment .
The big man in the vibrantly striped shirt is Karl Heinz Körgel , a German media mogul - though his pilot needs some sleep , so the 15 or more journalists and camera crews following Clinton , together with a more modest four writers accompanying Gates , are temporarily on a plane leased from the president of Djibouti .
It has a double bed at the back and sofas with seat belts that are mostly ignored and as we take off , Ira Magaziner , who runs the global health side of the Clinton Foundation , is perched on the side of an armchair .
We sit on the table or floor to hear his briefing and catch cans of cold Coke before they slide away .
There is something of a party atmosphere .
The good humour lingers on as an extraordinary cavalcade of 10 or more white cars with tinted windows and police escort screeches across a parched landscape of failed maize crops and dry grass , with hardly more than a few handfuls of bemused local farmers to notice .
Lesotho has one of the highest rates of HIV infection in the world , at somewhere between 23 % and 31 % of young adults .
We are headed for an Aids clinic which , with Clinton Foundation backing , is now offering drug treatment not just to adults but also to children .
Few disagree that Clinton already has made a significant difference to Aids treatment , using his name and standing and the expertise he can command to force down the price of drugs .
And suddenly there is the former US president , in the middle of a crowded courtyard at Mafeteng hospital .
Clinton has emerged from a private meeting with a small girl twisting and spinning from his hands .
Arriet , six , is the first child to receive antiretroviral drugs here .
She has been on them for eight months , is clearly very well and Clinton knows exactly how to handle her .
She does not want to talk but gets interested in my camera , so I let her look through the viewfinder and then take her picture , while Clinton bends down to get in the shot .
I show it to her and she laughs and laughs .
It is very well done .
Even his security guards , the bristling , dark - suited heavies with earpieces who talk into their sleeves , melt away around the former president so you are left as if alone with him .
Clinton is relaxed and warm .
He lingers ; he has time for everyone .
He seems to have a genuine liking for people .
He gives a speech of thanks at the clinic and all around people are loving him , while Bill and Melinda stand alongside , fading into the background .
You believe that Clinton cares .
The focus on the human , on the individual , the stories about the brother and sister in the Bahamas for whom he got Aids drugs and whom he visits every year tell you that .
And he banks the adulation and approbation to use as leverage later on .
Gates now shares platforms with world leaders , but you sense he talks numbers with them .
So many lives potentially saveable .
So many millions for a vaccine .
He does not do human and he does not want to do politics .
" Politics is a dangerous word , " he says .
" We 're involved in working with governments to talk to them about how rich governments can make their aid money be used more effectively and encourage them to do more aid .
We 're involved with developing - world governments in terms of trying pilot programmes and , when something works , encouraging them to replicate that .
I make a distinction between that and politics . "
Some might argue for a moral imperative to get into the political argument in South Africa , where the health minister supports lemon and garlic as a cure for Aids and millions are set to die while the treatment plan is slowly , grudgingly rolled out .
Gates says what has been achieved so far is due to the activists and the press .
But he is meeting the deputy president privately later that day and is waiting to hear whether he will be talking to President Mbeki in person or on the phone .
" Hopefully we say good things and get them excited about doing more on these issues , " he says .
" Any ideas we have about the way things can improve , we will share . "
" We 're not the activists , " Melinda goes on .
" The press is the press and the activists are the activists .
In private we can share whatever thoughts we might have . "
Privacy matters .
The Gateses will do what they have to do on the public stage to advance Microsoft or the foundation , but beyond that they do not seek attention .
Their philanthropy is a family ideal , handed on from their parents .
They intend that their own children should understand what it means to be less equal .
Their two older children were in South Africa with them , hidden from the press .
On the day after the visit to the Thingathinga family , the Gateses took 10 - year - old Jennifer and seven - year - old Rory to see the crowded corrugated iron homes of Khayelitsha for themselves .
" We talk at the dinner table about these issues .
We think as a family we have a responsibility to give back to the world , " says Melinda .
If the children want to participate in the foundation , well and good , she says , but " I hope that when they grow up they will follow their own passion .
They need to lead their own lives . "
She talks about feeling great " as a mom " when she sees tiny babies whose lives are safer for the vaccines the foundation has funded .
Gates compares the human body to a computer system .
" The human body is the most interesting system , " he says .
" It is the most complex system . "
He has been reading books on the immune system since he was 32 , adds Melinda , with the faintest whisper of humour .
While the best job he could have in the world is the one he has , says Gates , the second best would be discovering new medicines .
" It is a field that is changing .
You get new tools all the time .
You can have a huge impact .
The kind of work and thinking that goes on is very like software , " he says .
He is excited , energised , by the ideas of brilliant scientists who must think him a 21st - century messiah .
Who else is going to fund their money - losing , world - saving ideas ?
Gates says what would be unthinkable at Microsoft .
" We can afford to have a lot of failures .
We 're going to have a lot of failures .
I will not stop working on malaria , TB or Aids because of failures . "
The Buffet money means that he can gamble more millions than he expected .
Extraordinarily , he is capable of counting the pennies one moment and throwing vast sums at unpredictable prospects the next .
He asks prices , wants to know whether they take credit or just cash behind the wire netting in the Khayelitsha shops .
But on arguably the hardest scientific challenge in medicine today , which could easily cost him billions , he says : " We 're not going to give up working on an Aids vaccine .
Not in my lifetime . "
And when I ask if he could reach a point when he will decide that too much money has been spent with nothing to show for it , he answers with what passes for a laugh : " Ask me in 30 years ' time . "
Regardless of anyone 's views on Microsoft 's business practices , it is an attitude that has to command respect .
As he says himself , no government facing election every four years would take such risks .
He is not standing in for rich governments - he is doing what they do not dare to do .
If this is what philanthropy is about in our times , perhaps we should just be glad .
Marketing spends far too much focusing on reaching “ the influentials . ”
The truth is that humans will imitate whatever appeals to them , as long as their actions are not prohibited by their subjective worlds
The key to passing a meme is to manifest the meme in the objective world in a way that appeals to the subjective world .
It may be impossible to tell from the outside whether a potential host will accept the meme .
After all , who would have thought 10 years ago that suburban moms would buy tattoos for their daughters as 16th birthday presents ?
Not that long ago , tattoos were the meme of sailors , soldiers and bikers .
It was only when these moms saw the tattoos on other teenage girls in their own social strata that they set aside their Level 2 aversions and embraced the “ let your daughter have a tattoo ” meme .
Not only did they embrace the meme , they mutated it to “ buy your daughter a tattoo . ”
Some even stepped up the meme by making the tattooing a mom / daughter bonding event , with each getting her own tattoo at the same sitting .
Other moms were unable to get beyond the Level 2 aversion to tattoos , but agreed to let their daughters wear temporary tattoos .
Apparently , their aversion was not to the tattoo ’s appearance , but rather to its permanence .
In any case , the tattoo is now considered a beauty mark , as much of the feminine as cosmetics .
But trends come and go .
Memes mutate .
What happens when the dominant meme becomes , " Get rid of the tattoo " ?
Virus writers have begun taking advantage of Sony - BMG 's use of rootkit technology in DRM software bundled with its music CDs .
Sony - BMG's rootkit DRM technology masks files whose filenames start with " $sys $ " .
A newly - discovered variant of of the Breplibot Trojan takes advantage of this to drop the file " $sys$drv.exe " in the Windows system directory .
" This means , that for systems infected by the Sony DRM rootkit technology , the dropped file is entirely invisible to the user .
It will not be found in any process and file listing .
Only rootkit scanners , such as the free utility RootkitRevealer , can unmask the culprit , " warns Ivan Macalintal , a senior threat analyst at security firm Trend Micro
The malware arrives attached in an email , which pretends to come from a reputable business magazine , asking the businessman to verify his / her " picture " to be used for the December issue .
If the malicious payload contained in this email is executed then the Trojan installs an IRC backdoor on affected Windows systems .
Romanian anti-virus firm BitDefender confirms that the malware is in the wild but a full technical analysis of the Trojan is yet to be completed .
The response of anti-virus firms , some of which have only promised to flag up rather than block system changes made by Sony - BMG 's rootkit , remains unclear . ®
« Remixing magic | Main | Re-igniting passion »
Mediocrity by " areas of improvement "
How many times in your life ( school , career , relationships ) have you been told about your " areas of improvement " ?
How much time and energy have you spent working on those areas ?
If you 're a manager , how much emphasis do you put on those areas during a performance review ?
Maybe instead of working on our weaknesses , we should be enhancing and exploiting our strengths ?
What if the price for working on weakness ( and who even decides what is and is n't a " weakness " ? ) is less chance to be f'n amazing ?
There are several books out about this , although I have n't read them -- but the idea gets my attention :
Teach With Your Strengths , which says on its Amazon page ,
" Defying the orthodoxy that teachers , to be more well rounded , should work to strengthen their weaknesses , this book , drawing on research by the Gallup Organization , maintains that great teachers are those who teach with their greatest talents and abilities . "
That book is an expansion of the ultra best - selling Now , Discover Your Strengths by Marcus Buckingham .
I do n't know if the books are actually good , but again , it 's the idea I enthusiastically support .
Too many companies ( and managers , spouses , etc. ) focus too much on bringing everyone up to some level of competency in a laundry - list of attributes including time - management , communication skills , writing ability , filling out TPS reports , teamwork / teamplayer , attitude , organization , sensitivity , adhering to corporate goals and policies , etc .
Clearly , there is some minimum threshold for each attribute beneath which a person might be impossible to work with no matter what the situation .
But too often those minimum thresholds are set MUCH TOO HIGH and not specifically tailored enough to the individual .
By focusing on " areas of improvement " , we 're putting a square peg in a round hole .
What do we end up with ?
A crappy , rounded off peg who meets the minimum thresholds at the expense of their most kick - ass attributes .
What if let ourselves ( and those we manage ) spend a lot more energy in the areas where we are -- or could be -- amazing ?
I suggest taking a very hard look at the " areas of improvement " list and see if we can rearrange the context so that those things become less important .
In other words , why do n't we try to make a square hole ?
I know that everything I 've said here can be abused and used as an excuse for poor performance in every area .
But remember , this is about tradeoffs -- so I 'm assuming that we 're cutting some " areas of improvement " slack to those who demonstrate that they HAVE areas in which they are -- or could be -- amazing .
And I 'm also assuming that those areas have some real potential use / benefit .
But really , do your best programmers need to be filling out their TPS reports ?
How many of us have lived through the cliched scenario where the time - sheets we fill out need an entry for " time spent filling out time sheets " ?
OK , I admit I have a thing against performance reviews in general , but if we must have them , I 'd love to see some big changes to the typical form .
I 'd like to see a teeny , tiny space reserved for " areas of improvement " , which lists only those things deemed absolutely critical that are below the minimum threshold , and I 'd like to see a BIG space titled " Areas where you are ( or can be ) f'n amazing . "
Then a plan can be custom - tailored for removing not the areas of weakness , but the things which make those weaknesses a problem ( and which get in the way of using their strengths ) .
And this is n't just for employees -- many of us need to think about this in our startups ( something I 'm just beginning to deal with now ) ... are we trying to exploit our strengths , or are we in a position where we 're forced to spend too much precious effort improving our weak areas ?
To use the business cliche , are we trying to do business in areas that are n't our " core competency " ?
Agile companies are those who can turn on a dime and recognize when an area might be profitable but is slowly leading them in a direction away from their unique strengths .
If we have everyone working on their weaknesses , we do smooth out the attribute curve .
But then we get mediocrity in a wide range of areas , and less f'n amazing work in narrow ranges .
For many of us , we just can't afford mediocrity .
There 's too much competition there .
So , what can we do to make more square holes ?
Posted by Kathy on February 6 , 2006 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83425998153ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Mediocrity by " areas of improvement " :
» Dare to be fn amazing from The Journal Blog
... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 11:31:31 AM
» Making Square Holes from nuff blogged
Creating Passionate Users has another fantastic post that moves beyond technology and into the realm of just plain good sense .
The conventional wisdom challenged this time is areas of improvement , those nasty little performance reviews ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 11:51:29 AM
» Performance reviews from davidson - houston
Performance reviews [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 12:57:08 PM
» Performance reviews from davidson - houston
Performance reviews [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 12:58:18 PM
» Performance reviews from davidson - houston
Performance reviews [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 12:59:45 PM
» Work on your strenghts instead of your weaknesses from Life in Technical Sales
Kathy Sierra says , on her blog today : Maybe instead of working on our weaknesses , we should be enhancing and exploiting our strengths ?
What if the price for working on weakness ( and who even decides what is and isnt a weakness ? ) is ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 1:37:23 PM
» Square Peg Round Hole from ntschutta.com
Many moons ago , I was on a pseudo high school all start football team that travelled to Ireland to compete against a similar group of students from the east coast .
Our coach was a legend in Minnesota high school football ( who shall remain nameless ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 6 , 2006 7:46:31 PM
» Interesting Finds from Jason Haley
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 6:45:47 AM
» Quote of the Day from Weblogg - ed - The Read / Write Web in the Classroom
Maybe instead of working on our weaknesses , we should be enhancing and exploiting our strengths ?
What if the price for working on weakness ( and who even decides what is and is n't a " weakness " ? ) is less chance to be f'n amazing ?
-- Kathy Sierra
And maybe i [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 10:25:35 AM
» Annual Reviews from Compound Thinking
Here at Humantech it is time for performance reviews .
And it must be in other places too , because Kathy Sierra , and Seth Gooden both touched on key points in my thinking about performance review yesterday .
I have a love / hate relationship with performan ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 10:57:01 AM
» Performance Reviews and Focussing on Your Strengths from Thoughts from a Management Lawyer
I do n't much like performance reviews - never really have , whether giving or receiving .
Slowly I 'm beginning to understand why .
As a lawyer , I do n't particularly like them for the reasons I expressed in Conducting Performance Reviews and Performance Ev... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 11:29:28 AM
» Focus on your strengths from Lifehacker
Over at the Creating Passionate Users blog there is a great post about focusing on strength as opposed to spending too much time on weaknesses or " areas of improvement " .
By focusing on " areas of improvement " , we 're putting a square peg ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 5:00:38 PM
» Quote of the Day from Stuology
A quote from my friend M in an e-mail conversation from today .
Paul and Allan might get a kick out of it :
It 's interesting that your first instinct was to offer me your firstborn , rather than root access to your ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 8:06:27 PM
» Tuesday links from Jill 's notebook
Superhero Journal : The Path of Least Resistance ... I think we ( culturally ) have a bias against things we call easy .
We think they are inauthentic or somehow not as meaningful ....
And when I say easy I do n't mean without challenges , I mean , with [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 7 , 2006 9:24:38 PM
» ePress du jour n°4 from Dunhill 52 s'emballe
“ Mediocrity by areas of improvement ” Kathy Sierra va à contre - courant des idées reçues sur les méthodes dévaluation catastrophiques de bien des managers .
Intéressez - vous à vos succès , pas à vos échecs !
Speed - Reading Techniques Tr... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 8 , 2006 4:23:01 AM
» Communication and Creativity from John E. Martin
Classroom environment : Let 's begin by rearranging the room again .
No walls , no rows .
Let 's spread ourselves into a semi-circle .
Review last class Feed reader
There were some problems with IE , so everyone should try downloading Firefox and using that proce [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 9 , 2006 10:27:33 AM
» Kathy Sierra knocks another one out of the ballpark from Satragon
Man she is GOOD .
Her post on performance reviews is timely , considering my recent post on career planning with 4 Blockers .
A quote : Maybe instead of working on our weaknesses , we should be enhancing and exploiting our streng ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 10 , 2006 3:58:17 PM
» Mediocrity by areas of improvement from i- node one
Excerpt : Creating Passionate Users : Mediocrity by areas of improvement
How many times in your life ( school , career , relationships ) have you been told about your areas of improvement ?
How much time and energy have you spent ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 19 , 2006 12:38:49 PM
» Kathy Sierra , Creating Passionate Readers from BlogHer [ beta ]
If you 're not already reading writer and programmer Kathy Sierra 's blog Creating Passionate Users , you might want to check it out even if you normally avoid techie talk .
Kathy has done time as a game developer and a Java programmer ; now she focuses on wri [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 20 , 2006 2:30:11 PM
» The clueless manifesto from made to praise him
One of my favourite secular , work - related , blogs is Creating Passionate Users .
My business partner , Chris , and I want to be passionate about solving our clients problems , and we want our clients ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 22 , 2006 3:43:36 AM
» Autism from Cruset of Ideas
Two recent articles in Le Devoir got me ( and others ) thinking about autism .
The first one was an interview with Michelle Dawson , the second a presentation of recent research results .
It was as if these articles were answering CPU ’s call to work on yo ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 23 , 2006 1:06:23 PM
» How to Handle the Performance Review from NOSE : Information Technology in Higher Education
A thought provoking posting on ' How to handle the Performance Review by Creating Passionate Users ( by far one of the best blogs ) .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 21 , 2006 3:07:55 PM
» Focus on Being F'n Amazing from brian
MVP handed me a copy of this excellent post from Creating Passionate Users about the ass - backward way that most performance evaluations tend to focus on cataloging employees ' weaknesses and improving them , rather than cataloging their strengths and foc ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Sep 20 , 2006 8:23:52 PM
» More more desktop software moving to Web from Hornswaggled
As more and more software goes online many companies that flourished in the desktop enviroment will need to adjust .
One such application is ManagerAssistant .
The software is only available in desktop form and specializes in employee performance and ap ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 12 , 2007 11:32:54 AM
Comments
Yes !!Yes !!Yes !!
I * do n't* want what she 's having ... because I 'm not her !
Why should I waste my time trying to become mediocre at some skill that does n't even impact on my work ?
If it 's a core competency of my job and I suck at it , that 's an entirely different matter .
Posted by : Cyndi L | Feb 6 , 2006 11:25:15 AM
" Yes !!Yes !!Yes !!
I * do n't* want what she 's having ... because I 'm not her ! "
Cyndi , I love that !
I 'm putting that on a post - it on my monitor .
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Feb 6 , 2006 11:29:14 AM
I got asked to give my staff performance reviews , and while we mutually filled in the forms , we kept a separate " training toward what I want to do in the future " plan ( whether or not it was directly work related ) and a separate " OA5 " plan - the same " Out at 5 " boiler plate as suggested by Scott Adams .
Employees used to be well motivated , always delivered and - we managed to subvert some of the marketing spend to pay for any training course they wanted to go on .
Results came in , so no - one noticed unduly .
A real example ( for a recent graduate ) looked like this :
OA5 Plan : [ Employee Name ]
You will sometimes find yourself surrounded by people who have different goals to you , who will unknowingly do things that undermine your projects , or that generally behave outside the best interests of [ Company Name ] .
You task is the rise above this , and despite all obstacles , deliver :
180,000 dial - up subscribers by the end of April 1998
Complete the National Advertising for Jan-April 1998 , including the test of a radio campaign
Complete the Corporate Brochure , Welcome Packs and other tasks we mutually agree that you should execute
Full participation as a member of the Marketing Services Team
Help [ Manager ] put together a spend plan for the new financial year starting May 1st 1998
Tests of everything you do .
It ’s a much safer world if we get to know what works , what does n’t , and that we ’ve learnt .
Within the bounds of experimental exercises , we should strive for continuous improvement
Functions of your manager
In support of the above goals , your manager will assist in the following ways :
1 ) Eliminating Assholes .
If anyone or anything is standing in the way of you meeting your objectives , please seek assistance to get the obstacle cleared .
It is his role to absorb uncertainty and to provide the environment where you can deliver your projects unhindered .
We want you to enjoy your work and to be proud of your achievements .
2 ) Your manager will do his best to provide an environment where you are learning ( and helping the company learn ) every day .
Requests for training are welcome .
Sharing of ideas and distribution of your learnings to your manager and your colleagues , ideally in small digestable chunks , is encouraged .
And you are expected to make mistakes .
That ’s the way we all learn .
3 ) Seek forgiveness , not permission .
In the same way you can escalate issues to your manager , there will be times when the data , or key staff , are n’t available for us to hit a key decision deadline .
Time to market is key ; having weighed up the pros and cons , make the decision that you believe is right for the company , our customers and preferably both .
4 ) Building your personal network .
It ’s often a case of who you know ; contact with suppliers , customers and other departments in Demon is actively encouraged .
Please keep details of everyone you talk to , and do n’t be afraid to seek advice from anyone with pertinent experience that you deem appropriate .
The strength of your personal network – particularly outside the company – should build to be a significant personal asset .
5 ) Timekeeping and attendance .
We wish to provide an environment where you can discharge your commitments between 9:00 am and 5:30 pm .
If there are times where you prefer to work from home , or from another location , please let us know your whereabouts so that we can find you if needed .
Should you work extended hours ( attending press announcements or any work related activity outside hours ) , you may take this time off in lieu ; again , please let us know when you are doing this so we can correctly set expectations of anyone that asks for you .
6 ) No retribution .
Your manager is available to help in any way at any time , day or night .
However , if anything concerns you in any way , you are free to talk to [ Managers Manager ] , any other director or the Personnel Department directly .
Manager : [ Managers Name ]
Office : [ Managers Office Phone No ]
Mobile : [ Managers Mobile Phone No ]
Home : [ Managers Home Phone No ]
Email : [ Work Email ] , [ Home Email ]
Posted by : Ian Waring | Feb 6 , 2006 11:36:36 AM
I agree that there is too much emphasis on perfecting things we are n’t good at .
There are certain skills that employees should have .
Such as being able to communicate in writing .
But we do n’t have to be the world ’s best writers to accomplish that objective .
Our greatest value - add is our uniqueness .
I read “ Now , Discover Your Strengths ” a few years ago .
I was struck by how right Mr. Buckingham was .
Until that time I had worked to strengthen my weaknesses , which seems an extension of the whole school experience .
Standardized testing requires that we all learn and perfect the same things .
This became a habit for me .
Breaking out of that habit and working to strengthen my strengths has been a struggle and I ’m still working on it .
But I ’ve identified it as a problem which is the first step .
The second step I think is seeing the strengths in other people .
Then learning to build a team with strengths and personalities that complement each other .
Do n’t forget that what you may see as a weakness may actually be a strength .
There are people who I call “ glue people ” whose strength lies in keeping things running smoothing .
That is their strength and it is subtle and highly undervalued .
Great post .
Posted by : Kim Greenlee | Feb 6 , 2006 11:49:54 AM
Seems like another 80 /20 rule application .
Something like , you 'll get a 20 % return on improving 80 % of your attributes versus an 80 % return on improving 20 % of your attributes .
Or spend 80 % of your time on 20 % of your attributes and 20 % of your time on the other 80 % ( if the first sentence is truthy , the second sentence is probably the best overall time investment ) .
Posted by : Bob B | Feb 6 , 2006 12:02:29 PM
I agree .
I think it would be interesting to focus on strengths rather than weaknesses .
I think this brings up the idea of specialization .
Instead of a person being a master at one particular area of her job , she is often called on to be a little knowledgeable about many many things .
I think that both sides of the specialization v. generalization agruments have merit and I can definitely see both sides .
Either way though accentuating positives is a good idea .
I do n't think that minimizing weaknesses is necessarily a good idea though .
If someone is deficient , she should be told about it and encouraged to improve .
Posted by : Kendall | Feb 6 , 2006 12:08:55 PM
So , it 's hip to be square ( keg ) , heh ? ;)
Posted by : Berislav Lopac | Feb 6 , 2006 12:13:36 PM
Last fall I read First , Break All the Rules : What the World 's Greatest Managers Do Differently by Marcus Buckingham and Curt Coffman which got me on the track of looking at strengths rather than deficiencies in employees .
The book advocates spending more time with the great employees to help them improve their strengths because that will have the greatest impact on the bottom line .
This seems counter - intuitive at first and then extremely sensible .
I tend to look at my colleagues more often as having a unique set of strengths to compliment my strengths rather than thinking that they have to be good at everything that I 'm good at .
I am reminded to value diverse viewpoints ... together , with our combined strengths , we are more able to do great things .
Thanks for getting me thinking on this track again !
Posted by : Lee Henrikson | Feb 6 , 2006 1:18:49 PM
Great point , well made !
I have a Peter Drucker quote from his book " New Realities " on this idea as it relates to education :
" The first and wisest writer on raising small children , the great Greek biographer and historian Plutarch , spelled it out in a charming little book , Paidea ( Raising Children ) , in the first century of the Christian era .
All it requires is to make learners achieve .
All it requires is to focus on the strengths and talents of learners so that they excel in whatever it is they do well .
Any teacher of young artists -- musicians , actors , painters -- knows this .
So does any teacher of young athletes .
But schools do not do it .
They focus instead on a learner 's weaknesses .
One cannot build performance on weaknesses , even on corrected ones ; one can build performance only on strengths .
And these the schools traditionally ignore , in fact , consider more or less irrelevant .
Strengths do not create problems -- and schools are problem - focused . "
We can't succeed with schools - or businesses - that focus on finding what 's " wrong " with students or staff .
Let 's stop shaving pegs .
Posted by : Conn Mc | Feb 6 , 2006 1:23:41 PM
Appraisals should really be about getting the appraise to reflect on themself and their acheivements , strenghs and ' areas for improvement ' from their * own * perspective .
They 're the only ones who can deliver .
The manager can't do it for them .
Our HR dept has a form but I never use it .
I just ask the appraise to come prepared with their own thoughts on their ' on going strenghs ' , ' improvements ' and ' opportunities ' .
They do most of the talking ; they 're usually right about ' opportunities ' .
What do I add as a manager ?
We 'll I suppose I 'm a little like a psychiatrist .
They bring up a topic ; I ask them questions that lead them to a conclusion .
For anything , that I can't guide them to a conclusion on via questioning , it 's probably too early to address head on .
We 'd get nowhere , they just would n't understand or accept it .
However , we 'll be moving in the right direction .
Maybe next time round , they 'll understand and be truely ready to make the another step .
Posted by : Paul Grayson | Feb 6 , 2006 1:42:10 PM
Thank you for this post , which prompted me to finish writing up a story ( link is in my name below ) about a manager who redesigned her performance reviews , so she could give her staff more chances to be amazing .
I was her direct report at the time , and I can testify that her unconventional approach worked very well indeed .
Posted by : Pamela McAllister | Feb 6 , 2006 2:32:29 PM
The point that you have raised is so valid , yet rarely , if ever practised in the real world .
To use the analogy of a builder , in your Performance review it will be ignored that you built the whole house , but it will be pointed out that you forgot to paint a tile on the roof just under the chimney .
Thats what performance appraisals turn out to be .
I dislike the word performance appraisals in the first place , it should be named " strength review " or " flex your muscle " or " talent review " or whatever .
Posted by : neelakantan | Feb 6 , 2006 9:25:20 PM
There is a God !
And He 's decided to use a messenger who can put things across in English that everyone can understand .
Amen .
( I 've been waiting years to see this sort of post ) .
jaseb
Posted by : Jason Bell | Feb 7 , 2006 2:06:41 AM
I wish I could remember where I read a story about performance reviews in the jungle .
It was written like and African folk tale and ran along the lines of the frog being good at swimming but needing to work on his singing , the eagle being good at flying , but needing to work on his jumping , etc .
You get the picture .
So everyone worked like the dickens on their weaknesses .
No -one practised the things they were already good at and they all gradually deteriorated in those areas as a result .
The upshot of all this was that the jungle wound up being populated by a whole bunch of animals who were mediocre at everything and miserable to boot .
I have done the story little justice and I wish I could credit the author , but I use it from time to time to remind myself that we should play to our strengths and staff to our weaknesses .
Posted by : Karyn Romeis | Feb 7 , 2006 3:01:06 AM
Another bonus ... if managers start looking at employees strengths , guess what the employees will start doing ?
There 's a little truth to the " Whatever you focus on is what you 'll see " concept as it applies to positive / negative things .
Focus on positive things and positive results are more likely ; focus on negative things and negative results are more likely .
Posted by : Bob B | Feb 7 , 2006 6:42:02 AM
Some of us are born to kick ass amd some of us are born to suck like hell !
Plain and simple .
Working on your weakness is a good thing too .
But it must be in a honest environment .
Arnold Schwarzenegger had poor calves .
So he tore off his pants ( knee down , easy ladies ) and let himself get humiliated by himself ( looking all the way to compare your excellent biceps / shoulders with those weak calves ) and all other honest guys ( Franco Columbo was his training partner ) guys like Dave Draper hung around back then .
so it can be a good thing .
Just do n't get into grey areas and get examined with the " zombie performance monitor " by * performance challenged people * :-)
Posted by : Tarry Singh | Feb 7 , 2006 7:10:07 AM
I 'd bet that people who are encouraged to pursue their strengths would see their weaknesses diminish as an unintended consequence .
Posted by : kris | Feb 7 , 2006 7:28:29 AM
The greatest leaps in growth for me have always been when my manager focused on developing my strengths and * managing * my weaknesses .
I 'd rather hear " You 're great at creating a vision , let 's work on sharing that vision more effectively " than being told ( yet again ) " People do n't like your methods / attitude / style . "
One approach has me treating the issue as a continuous improvement learning experience , where I 'm open to new ideas and willing to test out new methods ; I 've got something of value that will not get the proper recognition unless I learn to promote it ( and myself ) better .
The other approach has me starting out feeling wrong and unliked and afraid of every change I make to improve , in case that makes it worse .
I feel like no one will care what I come up with unless I change superficially and dog - and - pony it just right .
It 's a personal attack that tells me I need to change my personality , rather than a professional observation that tells me to adjust my behaviors in a particular area , to achieve a particular result .
I definitely recommend " Now , Discover Your Strengths " .
After being constantly told that " You 're not a people person " , I found out that I 'm actually a very strong Relator and forming close bonds with teammates is very important to me - a facet of interpersonal relationships that got overlooked when all I was told was " You are always irritating people ; you come on too strong . "
Well , when people get to know me , when I make those Relator relationships , those " irritation " problems go away - so now I use that known strength and work on extending it to improve my first impressions and dealings with strangers .
I 'm not " fixing " a weakness now ; I 'm developing a strength .
Posted by : Raven | Feb 7 , 2006 10:16:18 AM
Good point Raven ,
Gosh , I do n't know how many times I 've had to go through the " It 'll help if you work on your soft skills " .
Geez , I come on strong because I see / saw that no one moved their friggin ' backsides if I did n't do anything .
So it 's good to play the role of a motivator but if the unmotivated is not willing to budge , then just let it go .
The dilemma here is that you are the only one who
o CAN take the leadership role
o can actually also do some real stuff to get things going
o feels really responsible
o is left unappreciated
The only problem is that the ( so called ) team mates end whining at the manager 's desk when you turn your back around .
Honestly the problem is that incompetent people prefer to hide behind some bloke who'd do the job .
Just take your umbrella somewhere / someplace else .
So I 've learnt is to hone and sharpen my skills , where I 'm good at .
If I can't find appreciation here , I 'll take it ( my strength ) somewhere / someplace else .
And just let everyone stand up for himself .
Good thing is I 'm a lot more satisfied and get loads of appreciation of what I do and I 'm happier than ever .
All the * team mates * are glad to see the bull mellow down .
Everyone happy ( smirk ) .
Posted by : Tarry Singh | Feb 7 , 2006 12:07:26 PM
Kathy : I blogged about " Now , Discover Your Strengths " here : http://www.philweber.com/2004/06/26.htm#a115 .
I chose my current job as a result of my " Strengths Assessment . "
I recently received a glowing performance appraisal and a raise , so I 'd say I made the right decision !
Posted by : Phil Weber | Feb 7 , 2006 1:53:11 PM
Martin Seligman 's book " Authentic Happiness " might also be interesting - I think it also works with the idea of knowing and exercizing strengths instead of trying to correct weaknesses .
This is a GREAT post .
Posted by : Jill | Feb 7 , 2006 9:48:15 PM
Nice post ...
Its exactly what the books from Buckingham is about ..
Posted by : Jason | Feb 8 , 2006 7:36:44 AM
Performance Reviews : you might be interested in the Thin Book of Appreciative Inquiry ?
A question asked in this book is ' do we do more of what we do well , or less or what we do poorly ? '
An important distinction .
A thin book , literally , with a big message .
Posted by : Geomancer | Feb 8 , 2006 2:51:45 PM
I just received another " eyes are bigger than my stomach " box of books from Amazon , which included Buckingham & Coffman 's " First Break All the Rules " , as well as Rath & Clifton 's " How Full is Your Bucket ?
Positive Strategies for Life and Work " , which I will recommend be added to the recommended - but - not - yet - read list :-) .
The same shipment also included Doug Rushkoff 's outstanding " Get Back in the Box : Innovation from the Inside Out " , which [ also ] has much to contribute to this issue of work , fun and areas of strength :
" Making money should really just be a happy result of contributing to the world what you do best .
...
Rather than confirm businesspeople 's sense of inadequacy by maintaining some angry , counterculturalist posture , I 'm instead inviting them to reorient to their businesses from a place of passion and concern rather than timidity and terror .
...
I believe that commerce , enacted mindfully , can liberate itself from the neocon mythology that it currently serves , and instead turn both our labors and economy toward serving needs instead of a central authority that — quite frankly — does not exist . "
[ actually , the foregoing is from Doug 's blog : http://www.rushkoff.com/2006/01/business-is-good-really.php]
Posted by : Joe McCarthy | Feb 8 , 2006 2:58:45 PM
Kathy ,
Are you an Employer ?
Posted by : Santosh | Feb 8 , 2006 7:01:50 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
HOW much turmoil can the diamond industry sustain without shattering ?
On July 13th in an Ohio court De Beers , the world 's largest producer of rough stones , finally pleaded guilty to charges of price - fixing of industrial diamonds and agreed to pay a $ 10 m fine , thereby ending a 60 - year - long impasse .
De Beers executives are at last free to visit and work directly in the largest diamond market , America .
A few days earlier , on July 9th , the first case of successful industry self - regulation against trade in so - called “ conflict diamonds ” took place when Congo - Brazzaville was punished for failing to prove the source of its diamond exports .
And on June 28th Lev Leviev , an arch-rival of De Beers , opened Africa 's biggest diamond - polishing factory in Namibia .
Behind all these events lies sweeping change in an industry that sells $ 60 - billion - worth of jewellery alone each year .
For generations it has been run by De Beers as a cartel .
The South African firm dominated the digging and trading of diamonds for most of the 20th century .
Yet the system for distributing stones established decades ago by De Beers is curious and anomalous — no other such market exists , nor would anything similar be tolerated in a serious industry .
De Beers runs most of the diamond mines in South Africa , Namibia and Botswana that long produced the bulk of world supply of the best gemstones .
It brings all of its rough stones to a clearing house in London and sorts them into thousands of grades , judged by colour , size , shape and value .
For decades , if anyone had rough diamonds to sell on the side , De Beers bought these too , adding them to the mix .
A huge stockpile helped it to maintain high prices while it successfully peddled the myth that supply was scarce .
De Beers has no interest in polishing stones , only in selling the sorted rough diamonds to invited clients ( known in the trade as " sightholders " ) at non-negotiable prices .
Sales take place ten times a year .
The favoured clients then cut and polish the stones before selling them to retailers .
With its near monopoly as a trader of rough stones , De Beers has been able to maintain and increase the prices of diamonds by regulating their supply .
It has never done much to create jobs or generate skills ( beyond standard mining employment ) in diamond - producing countries , but it delivered big and stable revenues for their governments .
Botswana , Namibia , Tanzania and South Africa are four of Africa 's richest and most stable countries , in part because of De Beers .
One family got extremely rich too .
The Oppenheimers created the “ single - channel marketing ” system of shovelling all available stones to the clearing house .
They came to dominate De Beers after Ernest Oppenheimer took control of most of Namibia 's diamond mines nearly a century ago .
He formed a mining conglomerate called Anglo American , before grabbing the chairmanship of De Beers .
The family is thought to be worth around $ 4.5 billion today ; Nicky Oppenheimer , Ernest 's grandson , is Africa 's richest man .
The family still owns a more than 40 % direct stake in De Beers , and its members — Nicky Oppenheimer and his son , Jonathan — run the firm .
It may own more De Beers shares held indirectly through Anglo American 's 45 % stake .
But this stable , established and monopolistic system is now falling apart .
Three things have happened .
First , other big miners got hold of their own supplies of diamonds , far away from southern Africa and from De Beers 's control .
In Canada , Australia and Russia rival mining firms have found huge deposits of lucrative stones : BHP Billiton , Rio Tinto and Alrosa have been chipping away at De Beers 's dominance for two decades .
De Beers once controlled ( though did not mine directly ) some 80 % of the world supply of rough stones .
As recently as 1998 it accounted for nearly two - thirds of supply .
Today production from its own mines gives it a mere 45 % share .
Only a contract to sell Russian stones lifts its overall market share to around 55 % .
That is a painful shift , but De Beers is still the biggest diamond producer .
And rival mining firms do share one big interest with it : high prices for the stones they dig from the ground .
That is why , although it is under pressure , the central clearing system that sustains high prices could yet survive a bit longer .
Rather than controlling a pure monopoly , De Beers might be able to run a quasi - cartel that stops the market from opening fully .
De Beers says the price of rough stones is still rising ; the price of polished stones has risen by 10 % this year , according to polishedprices.com , an independent diamond website that tries to track such things .
Worth fighting for
The next challenge might be manageable too .
De Beers 's system is highly secretive .
Nobody knows the ultimate source of particular diamonds it sells , as all are mixed together in London .
But De Beers faced extraordinary public - relations pressure after it emerged that rebel armies in Africa were funding their wars by selling what became known as conflict diamonds .
Since 2000 almost 70 countries and all of the big industry players ( under the threat of consumer boycotts and activist campaigns by , among others , a London - based group called Global Witness ) have adopted standards designed to prove the origins of their diamonds .
The so - called Kimberley Process is now in force : governments must issue certificates of origin for the stones they export , and the stones can then be tracked .
It was under this agreement that Congo - Brazzaville was punished last week by being expelled from the Process ( the first country ever to be thus censured ) .
As a result , legal trade in its diamonds should cease .
It is a test case for the industry .
The introduction of the Process could have threatened De Beers , which wanted to maintain the right to buy diamonds anywhere it pleased and to keep its purchases secret .
Eli Izhakoff of the World Diamond Council , an industry body based in New York , says the new rules mean “ the industry is changing — it is nothing like it was four or five years ago . ”
But although the regulations make it easier to track the flow of rough diamonds , they have not required De Beers to open all its books to public scrutiny .
Most of those diamond - fuelled African wars are over .
And the firm has a declining interest in buying up any rough stones that appear on the market .
It knows that its ability to control world supplies is dwindling .
It is the third challenge that is much more troublesome .
This is a threat to break up entirely the way De Beers organises the industry .
It can best be summed up in two words : Lev Leviev .
Like the Oppenheimers , Mr Leviev has made himself very rich over the past three decades .
An Israeli of Uzbek descent , he is reputedly worth around $ 2 billion .
Though he has interests in transport and property , his real love is diamonds .
His Lev Leviev
Group is the world 's largest cutter and polisher of them .
He has mining interests too : his fleet of clanking mining ships began operating off Namibia 's coast earlier this year , sucking up diamonds from the sea bed .
He boasts it is the world 's second - largest fleet ; only De Beers has a bigger one .
And Mr Leviev recently moved into diamond retailing .
He claims that he is the only tycoon with interests in every stage of production from “ mine to mistress ” ( a canard in the industry holds that men buy more diamonds for their mistresses than for their wives ) .
But his real power lies in the cutting and polishing businesses .
Mr Leviev says he is the only tycoon with interests in every stage of production from “ mine to mistress ”
He has factories in Armenia , Ukraine , India , Israel and elsewhere .
These give him power to challenge De Beers 's central clearing house and seek instead to channel stones directly , and at a lower price , to his own polishers .
There is a more personal explanation too .
Mr Leviev long worked as one of those De Beers sightholders , buying unseen parcels of stones at non-negotiable prices .
Even as recently as last year he was among De Beers 's clients in South Africa .
Being forced to take or leave the stones granted by the diamond cartel infuriated him .
He was eager to strike back .
His breakthrough came in Russia .
Mr Leviev has cultivated close ties with Russian politicians , including Vladimir Putin long before he became president .
Already well known as a cutter and polisher of diamonds in the 1980s , Mr Leviev was asked to help the Soviet state - owned diamond firm set up local factories 15 years ago .
He agreed and formed a joint - venture with the state firm , now called Alrosa .
But he insisted that stones for the factories be supplied directly from Russian mines , rather than diverted through De Beers 's central system .
De Beers was furious at the loss of supply , but the factories got their local stones .
When the factories were privatised , Mr Leviev somehow emerged as the exclusive owner .
What happened in Russia set a pattern for clashes elsewhere .
Mr Leviev has found that governments welcome factories that create jobs and add value to the diamonds they export ; it is a smart way to snipe at De Beers .
Can Lev levitate ?
Angola was next .
Angola 's diamonds are among the world 's best when measured by value per carat ( see chart ) and promise a lucrative return for anyone who can market them .
De Beers has had a long interest there .
Mr Leviev first invested $ 60 m in the country in 1996 , financing a mine at a time when civil war was raging .
And just as he cultivated Russia 's governing elite , he struck up warm relations in Angola .
It was a well - timed move .
The Angolan government despised De Beers .
In the days when its monopoly was secure , De Beers regularly bought up any supply of rough diamonds that appeared on the market .
It was accused of helping , indirectly , to fund UNITA , the rebel army in Angola , which sold huge quantities of diamonds .
In 2001 De Beers ended a spat with the government by quitting the country .
By then Mr Leviev had already moved in , eager for another supply of good stones .
By the time the government won Angola 's war in 2002 , thereby getting control of all the country 's diamond mines , the contracts it had struck with Mr Leviev ( ie , those lost by De Beers ) were worth $ 850 m a year , a sum greater even than that lost by De Beers in Russia .
Mr Leviev has not had it all his own way .
Last year Angola 's government abruptly cancelled three - quarters of his deal .
Some observers accused Mr Leviev of using underhand means ( he is close to the daughter of José Eduardo dos Santos , Angola 's president ) to win them in the first place .
Yet , however he did it , Mr Leviev showed in Angola that he could barge aside De Beers in a valuable area near its southern African heartland .
Mr Leviev has been inspired to take another swipe at his rival .
On June 28th he took the arm of Sam Nujoma , Namibia 's president , and guided him around a sparkling new diamond - polishing factory in Windhoek , Namibia 's capital .
“ For years we have been told this could not be done , ” commented various Namibian politicians .
Now Mr Leviev , saviour - like , strode around his factory , showing off row upon row of workers , who wore uniform green overalls and fiddled with chrome machines and modern flat - screen computers .
Mr Leviev boasts that , with its capacity for 550 workers , the factory is Africa 's biggest .
Jonathan Oppenheimer , affable heir to the Oppenheimer dynasty , says he does not understand what Mr Leviev is up to in Namibia : “ And when we do n't understand , we worry . ”
He is right to be concerned .
Mr Leviev 's obvious next step in Namibia is to challenge De Beers directly .
De Beers 's mines are run in a joint venture with the government called Namdeb .
A 1999 mining law lets the government force any miner to supply stones locally .
If Mr Leviev demands it , the government could tell De Beers to provide stones directly to Mr Leviev 's new factory , a repeat of the Russian blow .
Clearing up
More important , if Namibia is able to establish a viable cutting and polishing industry using its own stones , then why not every other diamond - producing country too ?
That would seriously threaten De Beers .
Mr Nujoma all but dared his neighbours to follow suit .
“ To our brothers and sisters of neighbouring states , Angola , Botswana , South Africa , I hope this gives you inspiration to try to imitate what we have here , ” he said at the factory opening .
Mr Leviev is building another factory in Luanda , Angola , partly hoping to curry favour with the government .
More important , he is offering to build a factory in Botswana , the jewel in the crown of De Beers 's empire .
De Beers has close ties with the Botswana government : they share a joint venture , Debswana , that exclusively mines the country 's diamonds ; Botswana gets a huge share of its foreign currency and a large part of its national income from diamond revenues .
It is a similar arrangement to that in Namibia .
In an interview in Windhoek last month , Mr Leviev said he had offered Botswana 's government a factory to employ “ tens of thousands ” of people , a scale vastly larger than in Namibia .
A senior civil servant from Botswana toured the Windhoek factory with Mr Leviev .
As Mr Oppenheimer concedes , this is a delicate time for Mr Leviev to be courting in southern Africa .
De Beers is still renegotiating the terms of an 18 - year lease on the Jwaneng mine , in southern Botswana , which is due to expire at the end of this month .
The mine is thought to be worth $ 1.3 billion a year , producing stones of a quality that would have Mr Leviev salivating .
More broadly , De Beers must renegotiate the terms of all its marketing operations in Botswana and in Namibia every five years .
These talks are also due .
While no - one expects Mr Leviev to break up De Beers 's relationships in these countries —
Mr Oppenheimer is confident that the government will not do anything to risk its big revenues — his appearance on the scene puts pressure on De Beers .
The obvious step for De Beers now would be to take on Mr Leviev at his own game .
In Botswana and Namibia there have been a few diamond - polishing factories backed by De Beers .
But De Beers does not want to be involved in that stage of diamond production .
It is first a miner and only belatedly a retailer of diamonds .
But it is blocked from the production steps in between as long as it remains the major supplier of stones to the whole industry , says Mr Oppenheimer .
Buyers of its stones would suspect De Beers of holding back the best diamonds for its own manufacture and would revolt .
Nor does Mr Oppenheimer think a polishing industry is viable in many diamond - producing countries , whatever Mr Leviev says .
In Namibia just a few hundred people work as polishers and cutters .
There are few skilled workers , the scale of production is small and wage costs are roughly ten times that of India , which dominates the world market and where 900,000 people work as basic polishers .
Nor are small countries , such as Namibia , likely to develop the top - level skills needed for the very highest - quality stones .
Those skills are concentrated in a few cities , such as Antwerp , Tel Aviv and New York .
Within southern Africa , only South Africa has a long - established cutting and polishing industry , to which De Beers supplies some good - quality stones ( “ specials ” in the language of the trade ) .
But Mr Leviev probably does not care .
A few factories may be uneconomic , but if they allow him to get hold of direct supplies of diamonds , then so be it .
A polished act
Mr Oppenheimer is worried that a more fragmented industry will not just damage De Beers , but that the whole industry might collapse .
Consumers believe diamonds are valuable largely because of decades of clever marketing by De Beers and its clients .
De Beers itself spent $ 180 m on advertising last year , its clients a further $ 270 m .
That sort of spending could not be co-ordinated and sustained , he suggests , if the industry were to fragment .
That is a risk ; but there are opportunities for De Beers too .
As it has lost market share , the old goliath has become nimbler .
No longer focusing exclusively on defending a cartel , De Beers is freer to make decisions according to commercial interest .
For instance , it now buys fewer stones at uneconomic prices ; profits matter more than market share .
A trimmer De Beers , with a pared down list of clients , might even be able to make bigger profits than the old giant .
Last year it produced healthy profits of $ 676 m on sales of $ 5.5 billion .
But its decision to settle American antitrust charges laid against it in 1994 points to how much it is feeling the pressure .
De Beers executives should now be free to travel to America to conduct business without fear of arrest .
That should make it easier to promote De Beers LV , a hitherto disappointing partnership with the luxury - goods firm LVMH to market De Beers - branded diamonds .
That venture may prove essential for De Beers 's long - term health , as more producers bet on getting a presence in profitable diamond retailing .
Already rivals are moving : Canada 's Ekati mine markets its stones directly to consumers ;
Mr Leviev 's firm struck a deal in May with Bulgari , an Italian jewellery maker , to market Leviev - branded stones .
De Beers 's days of market dominance are clearly drawing to a close .
But consumers should not get too excited just yet .
Whether a duopoly or oligopoly emerges , diamond prices are not going to plummet .
Mr Leviev will be among those putting a stop to that .
Chefs have found less lofty ways to employ the technique as well .
At CityZen , in the Mandarin Oriental hotel in Washington , they make ice cream bases in sous vide .
" There 's no putting your sugar and egg and cream in a pan and stirring , " says Eric Ziebold , the chef .
His pastry chef blends the ingredients , seals them in a bag and cooks it in water .
" More than anything , the vegetables and the proteins taste remarkably more like themselves , " Dan Barber , the chef and owner of Blue Hill , wrote in an e-mail message .
" When it comes to things like artichokes , steaming and boiling and braising are fine , but there 's a great loss of liquid as it cooks -- which is another way of saying a great loss of flavor because the juice of the artichoke itself , while mostly water , is very flavorful .
Sous vide eliminates this loss , and hence the sensation that you 're tasting a true artichoke -- not just a delicious artichoke , but an artichoke the way it was intended to taste . "
Much is made of the artistry of chefs , but running a restaurant kitchen well often has more to do with control and consistency .
And in large kitchens or multiple restaurants , those things can get out of hand pretty quickly .
Alléno , the chef at Le Meurice , oversees 72 cooks ; Daniel Boulud has a staff of 65 to 70 among his three New York restaurants .
Most cooking relies on the cook 's ability to judge doneness based on sight and feel .
With sous vide , it is all about precise times and temperatures .
" You can have your restaurant 6,000 miles away , " Ziebold says , " and you do n't have to worry about the cooks at your restaurant in D.C. getting the duck right because they 're cooking it sous vide and they know the temperature . "
Every year , Janos Kiss , the corporate executive chef for Hyatt Hotels and Resorts , prepares a dinner for more than 5,000 people on Super Bowl weekend .
It used to take 20 chefs four days to cook the dinner .
Now , with sous vide , they do it with six chefs in two days .
In the long run , sous vide 's great contribution may well be this consistency .
A chef with a restaurant empire , like Nobuyuki Matsuhisa , may finally be able to guarantee that the lobster with wasabi - pepper sauce at Nobu in London is every bit as good as the one at Nobu in New York .
It may spell the end to bad wedding food .
And if it catches on at companies from Stouffer 's to Whole Foods , it could forever alter the state of convenience food .
In the meantime , all the attention being paid to temperature and laboratory precision has pushed chefs in more creative directions .
When Grant Achatz built his new restaurant Alinea in Chicago , thermal circulators from PolyScience , a laboratory - equipment manufacturer , were part of the kitchen design .
To these , he has added a 40,000 - r.p.m. homogenizer ( what Philip Preston , the president of PolyScience , calls a " coffee grinder on steroids " ) -- for making the world 's most emulsified vinaigrettes and confections like carrot pudding made with carrot juice , cocoa butter and grapeseed oil -- and an entirely new mechanism they 're calling the Antigriddle , which has a surface that chills to minus 30 degrees Celsius ( minus 22 Fahrenheit ) , allowing you to freeze food in the same way you would sauté it .
A dollop of sour cream becomes brittle on the bottom and stays at room temperature on top .
For all chefs ' forward thinking , though , top kitchens still run on frat - house principles .
So sous vide also comes in handy for hazing new cooks .
At WD - 50 , Dufresne said , " I 've seen virtually every kind of personal belonging end up in one of these bags . "
Veteran cooks are known to take a new cook 's clothing from his locker and put it through the sous vide machine , compressing his jeans and shirt to the size of hockey pucks .
In late July , Goussault went to Citronelle in Washington for a follow - up training session with Michel Richard 's head cooks , David Deshaies and Cedric Maupillier .
They were having trouble with the salmon and sweetbreads done sous vide .
The salmon had a perfect silky texture but was too fragile and , they worried , undercooked .
And the sweetbreads were losing too much liquid .
Goussault is often called in to help chefs perfect their technique .
" My job is to repeat , repeat , repeat , " he says .
He unpacked his briefcase , removing a laptop , a box of batteries , a jumble of wires and a number of handheld monitors that , when hooked up to the foods with probes , can record their minute - to - minute temperature arc during the cooking process .
The large stoves around the kitchen were mostly unoccupied .
Two thermal circulators sat poised on a steel countertop , humming like Jacuzzis .
Deshaies dropped two pieces of salmon in ice water that contained 10 percent salt , then set a timer for 10 minutes .
Salt , according to Goussault , " modifies the osmotic pressure in the cells , " meaning it prevents the albumen , that white substance , ghastly to chefs , that gathers on the surface of fish , from leaching out of the salmon when it cooks .
They sealed the salmon in sous vide and inserted probes .
It now looked as if the salmon had a heart monitor .
All Things Pythonic
Please Teach me Web Frameworks for Python !
by Guido van van Rossum
January 27 , 2006
Summary
Google makes me think about lots of stuff .
Today I 'm thinking about the state of web frameworks .
Advertisement
This is a plea for help .
Please educate me !
After years of resistance , I 'm finally finding myself building a web application again .
I think the last time I did that was the " faq wizard " which still lives in Python 's Tools directory .
It was a CGI script using nearly standard Python string interpolation as a templating language , environment variables ( plus cgi.py ) and print statements to talk to the server , and the file system plus RCS for persistency .
It was used for years to maintain the Python FAQ on python.org , but was eventually retired .
( Is anybody still using it ?!?)
My new project ( my so - called " starter project " at Google ) is an internal tool for Google developers .
It will never be used outside Google .
I do n't want to have to explain what it does , but I 'll hint that it is a fairly standard database - backed dynamic application with authenticated users .
About the only slightly unusual characteristic is that it talks to another internal tool in addition to the database .
It will eventually be used by thousands of developers ( millions if Google 's exponential growth does n't stop soon :-) , so there are some performance needs , but nothing serious compared to the typical xyzzy.google.com property .
( This is also the reason that there are n't a ton of Google - developed frameworks that I can use -- there 's a ton of reusable web server code , but it 's mostly geared to the needs for massively parallelized servers where each box handles 1000s of hits per second , and consequently not really good for rapid prototyping .
And of course it 's all C++ code . )
I 've got a working prototype that 's a gross hack .
Instead of CGI and print it uses BaseHTTPServer.py , which is an adequate web server for development purposes , although I 'm finding some strange gaps in its functionality ( e.g. it has a time - formatting helper method , but it is hardwired to format the current time , so it 's useless for formatting ' Expires ' headers ) .
For templating I am still using standard string interpolation !
This has served me well ( several coworkers were surprised I got it working in such a short time ) but it 's time for a refactoring .
So far , the biggest difference with the FAQ wizard is probably that it uses CSS !
( And even a line or two of Javascript .
No AJAX yet , but that can't be far off -- no Google application can be without AJAX for very long . :-)
Knowing myself , I 'd happily go off and build my own web framework at this point , based on exactly the requirements of this particular application , but I figure that a framework written to serve the needs of a single target application would n't necessarily be better than some of the web frameworks that already exist for Python .
So where to start ?
I took a brief look at Django , and while I like their website ( pretty and easily navigable and chockfull of useful information ) , I 'm not keen on the particular tools they provide ( it does n't help that they begin every example with " from mumble .
something import * " ) .
For example , Django 's templating language is rich and powerful , but it does n't look very Pythonic to me -- in fact , it 's so rich and powerful that it might as well be PHP .
Similarly , I 'm not keen on their object - relational mapping approach .
There 's too much magic based on name correspondence , and the automatically generated APIs feel a bit unpythonic ( e.g. lots of getter and setter methods where a normal Python object would use public attributes and perhaps properties ) .
I imagine that it works best if you know exactly how it is mapped to SQL .
One thing in Django that I like : the URL mapping API .
You specify a bunch of regular expressions , and for each regex you specify the function to be called .
Groups in the regex become arguments ; named groups become keyword arguments .
Very simple and clean .
I 'm not sure that I like having to put quotes around the function ( path ) names ; but I can see how this actually saves typing because you wo n't have to write an import statement for it , and in rare cases it can save loading stuff you never use .
Then I decided to have a look at Ruby on Rails , just to see what I could learn from the competition .
I watched two fascinating movies , but they went a bit too fast to really understand what was going on , and there seemed to be a fair amount of sleight of hand in the examples ( a lot of default behavior that just happens to do the right thing for the chosen demo ) .
Again , the templating language seems a weird mixture of HTML and Ruby , and I find Ruby 's syntax grating ( too many sigils ) .
I believe I heard Greg Stein say recently that if you are really good in Ruby , CSS , HTML and SQL , you can produce great websites quickly with Rails -- but if you do n't , you produce lousy websites quickly ( just like with PHP ) .
For a bit I pondered Quixote .
I used it to write a prototype application at Elemental two years ago , and I liked it fairly well .
I remember that setting it up was a bit weird ( some strange config file that you had to get just right ) but I like its approach to templating : instead of inventing a brand new templating language , it makes one tiny modification to Python so that you can use bare string literals ( and expressions ) instead of print statements to produce HTML .
It also has a really cool trick , due to Neil Schemenauer , that avoids the security issues that are so common in naively written PHP applications ( just read BUGTRAQ for a while and you 'll know what I 'm referring to ) : by default string expressions are automatically HTML - encoded , except string literals , which are assumed to contain valid HMTL .
This means that you can write ' < h1 > ' + title + '< /h1 >' where title is some variable that you just received from the user , and HTML punctuation in title will be encoded , but the < h1 > and </h1 > tags will be passed through unchanged .
But ( as far as I recall ) it does n't have an interpolation strategy that 's much more sophisticated than standard Python .
Next I took a quick look at Michelle Levesque 's PyWebOff blog .
It 's nearly a year ago that she last did much about comparing Python web frameworks ; I saw the last entries about Nevow ( a templating system in Twisted ) and it scared the hell out of me .
It takes 8 lines of inscrutable Python code and 12 lines of template HTML to produce a list with text in alternating colors .
The template uses XML namespaces .
I happen to know a lot about those ( I was at Zope when we designed Zope 's TAL templating language ) but it is and will always be my opinion that XML was not intended for humans to be edited ( except very occasionally as part of bootstrapping or debugging ) .
And that goes doubly so for XML with namespaces .
( Here I have to contend that Rails has the right idea -- " no XML sit-ups " is a great slogan ! )
I should probably read Michelle 's blog for her experiences with other frameworks ; but I got distracted and tried to figure out what the Python web - sig is up to .
There I found fequent mention of something called WSGI -- there 's even a PEP , PEP 333 !
I should definitely study that .
Although I fear that it 's too low - level to really help me much ; from the intro it appears to be more of a ( very useful ! ) standard middleware API for Python web frameworks than that it provides much functionality that I could use right away in my application .
And the word middleware ( just like much of Phillip Eby 's work , alas ) scares me .
Before I post this , let me attempt at a brief classification of the features that every web framework needs .
Independence from web server technology .
You should be able to run the same application under Apache , as a CGI script , as a stand - alone server ( e.g. BaseHTTPServer or Zope 's or Twisted 's built - in server ) , etc .
( The Java Servlet API does this really well IMO -- I used it at Elemental . )
This should include logging and basic error handling ( an API to generate any HTTP error , as well as a try / except around application code that returns a 500 error code if the application code fails .
Templating with reuse .
Every web application needs to mix computed data ( in which category I include data retrieved from a database ) with HTML mark - up , and often a lot of the HTML markup is common for many pages ( e.g. global navigation ) .
Cookie handling .
For authentication , preferences , sessions , etc .
Query parsing .
The bread and butter of form handling .
URL dispatch .
You 've got to be flexible in how URL paths are mapped to callables .
Zope 's URL - to - object mapping is extremely flexible .
Django's approach is nice too .
I expect everything else is optional .
You can write your own SQL ( as we did at Elemental ) , use an object - relational mapping library ( like Django or RorR ) , or use an object database like Zope .
You can even persist things directly to the filesystem ( just make sure it 's being backed up :-) .
While every dynamic website eventually develops authentication needs , there are many different existing approaches to authentication , and I suspect that it 's not particularly hard to do this as part of the application .
Some frameworks go wild on predefined CSS and HTML templates .
( I believe Plone does this -- if you see a site with frequent use of 1 - pixel rectangular borders and a calendar widget in the margin , you can bet it 's somebody 's first Plone project . )
Please set me straight .
What did I miss ?
Where is the WSGI standard implementation ?
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 104 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Guido van van Rossum adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python , one of the major programming languages on and off the web .
The Python community refers to him as the BDFL ( Benevolent Dictator For Life ) , a title straight from a Monty Python skit .
He moved from the Netherlands to the USA in 1995 , where he met his wife .
Until July 2003 they lived in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , DC with their son Orlijn , who was born in 2001 .
They then moved to Silicon Valley where Guido now works for Google ( spending 50 % of his time on Python ! ) .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Guido van van Rossum .
All rights reserved .
Memo to Pentagon brass from the top United States commander in western Iraq : Renewable energy – solar and wind - power generators – urgently needed to help win the fight .
Send soon .
Calling for more energy in the middle of oil - rich Iraq might sound odd to some .
But not to Marine Corps Maj. Gen. Richard Zilmer , whose deputies on July 25 sent the Pentagon a " Priority 1 " request for " a self - sustainable energy solution " including " solar panels and wind turbines . "
The memo may be the first time a frontline commander has called for renewable - energy backup in battle .
Indeed , it underscores the urgency : Without renewable power , US forces " will remain unnecessarily exposed " and will " continue to accrue preventable ... serious and grave casualties , " the memo says .
Apparently , the brass is heeding that call .
The US Army 's Rapid Equipping Force ( REF ) , which speeds frontline requests , is " expected soon " to begin welcoming proposals from companies to build and ship to Iraq 183 frontline renewable - energy power stations , an REF spokesman confirms .
The stations would use a mix of solar and wind power to augment diesel generators at US outposts , the spokesman says .
Despite desert temperatures , the hot " thermal signature " of a diesel generator can call enemy attention to US outposts , experts say .
With convoys still vulnerable to ambush , the fewer missions needed to resupply outposts with JP - 8 fuel to run power generators – among the Army 's biggest fuel guzzlers – the better , the memo says .
" By reducing the need for [ petroleum ] at our outlying bases , we can decrease the frequency of logistics convoys on the road , thereby reducing the danger to our marines , soldiers , and sailors , " reads the unclassified memo posted on the website InsideDefense.com , a defense industry publication that first reported its existence last month .
Use of renewable energy , such as solar power , is not new to the US military , one of the largest consumers of renewable energy , especially at off - grid outposts in North America .
Four 275 - foot - tall wind turbines were unveiled last year at the Naval Station at Guantánamo Bay in Cuba , meeting about a quarter of the base 's electrical needs and saving hundreds of thousands of gallons of fuel .
Still , Major General Zilmer 's request highlights what appears to be a small but growing focus on adding renewable sources of energy to the fuel mix for combat operations as part of Department of Defense planning .
Special operations forces concluded that using foldout solar panels to recharge batteries was better than carrying more disposable batteries into combat , a 2004 study for the Army found .
Last year , Konarka Technologies Inc. in Lowell , Mass. , received a $ 1.6 million Army contract to supply flexible printed solar panels to reduce the number of batteries soldiers carry .
A bigger picture of the need for renewables was sketched out in a key 2004 Pentagon study titled " Winning the Oil Endgame , " by the Rocky Mountain Institute , an energy think tank in Snowmass , Colo .
It found a number of areas where efficiency would boost combat effectiveness , including :
• More than 50 percent of fuel used by the Army on the battlefield is consumed by combat support units , not frontline troops .
• Until recently , the Army spent about $ 200 million a year annually on fuel , but paid $ 3.2 billion each year on 20,000 active and 40,000 reserve personnel to transport it .
That was before $ 70 - per - barrel oil .
This spring , the Defense Energy Support Center reported the US military used about 128 million barrels of fuel last year , costing about $ 8 billion , compared with about 145 million barrels in 2004 that cost $ 7 billion .
" At the tip of the spear is where the need to avoid the cost of fuel logistics is most acute , " says Amory Lovins , cofounder of the Rocky Mountain Institute , who led the 2004 study .
" If you do n't need divisions of people hauling fuel , you can realign your force structure to be more effective as well as less vulnerable . "
Zilmer 's call for renewable power is also buttressed by Pentagon studies from June 2005 dating back to the 1990s that show the costs and advantages of solar - panel systems in place of or as supplements to diesel generators burning JP - 8 , the standard battlefield fuel .
Still , such lessons are learned slowly , says Hugh Jones , a former analyst with the Center for Army Analysis , now a consultant on energy issues to the US Army .
Analyzing feedback from the frontlines after Operation Desert Storm in Kuwait 1990 , he produced a raft of studies on uses for solar power in combat .
But during the 1990s when fuel was cheap , he found little interest in the idea .
" There are n't a lot of people who have expertise in this area of renewable power in combat operations , " Mr. Jones says .
" There are a lot of people in the service who smell like diesel fuel , but not many who have been in the field using solar power and hybrid - optimized solutions . "
Even so , he 's noticed " there 's much more interest today . "
The high cost of fuel , and troop casualties in the Iraq war , may be changing that traditional outlook .
One guy who thinks he can solve the general 's problem is Dave Muchow , president of SkyBuilt Power Inc. in Arlington , Va. Aided by funding from In - Q - Tel , a venture - capital firm for the Central Intelligence Agency – SkyBuilt makes a hybrid solar - panel and wind - generator power system that fits in a standard shipping container .
It can be dropped onto a mountaintop or into the desert .
Its solar panels and wind turbine deploy in minutes .
And where there 's water , a " micro- hydro " unit can be dropped into a stream for an added boost .
Such 007 - style systems are not cheap .
Today , SkyBuilt 's " mobile power system " can cost up to $ 100,000 , compared with just $ 10,000 for a 10 - kilowatt diesel generator .
But costs of such hybrid packages begin to look more reasonable when the cost is considered of delivering a gallon of fuel to a generator gulping it 24 / 7 .
The true cost of fuel delivered to the battlefield – well prior to the recent oil price hike – was $ 13 to $ 300 a gallon , depending on its delivery location , a Defense Science Board report in May 2001 estimated .
An analysis in Zilmer 's memo puts the " true cost " for fuel for a 10 - kilowatt diesel generator at $ 36,000 a year – about four times the amount needed to purchase the fuel itself initially .
The rest of the cost is due mainly to transportation .
On that basis , a SkyBuilt system could cut costs by 75 percent and pay for itself for three to five years , the memo estimates .
But another cost is time .
Even though the Army 's REF is moving on it , there is still no firm date for a request for proposal to be made public , the REF spokesman acknowledges .
Zilmer 's memo , however , warns that without renewable power to replace fuel , victory could be forfeited .
" Without this solution , personnel loss rates are likely to continue at their current rate , " the memo says .
" Continued casualty accumulation exhibits potential to jeopardize mission success . "
The Eiffel Tower in Paris
Torre Eiffel - Tour Eiffel - Eiffeltornet
needs no presentation , it is one the most well known monuments in the world visited by more than 5 million people each year .
Built 1889 for the Universal Exhibition in celebration of the French Revolution .
Height 324 m .
Friday 2
Aug 2002 they launched a new website with panoramas photographed by Denis Gliksman one of the veterans in VR photography .
Enjoy the sundown from the second floor above and visit the site ( produced by TRIMARAN ) and see the other 18 panoramas showing the tower both as night and day views .
PHOTOGRAPHER : Denis Gliksman www.gliksman.com
Denis Gliksman is one of the veterans in VR photography .
He is a photographer from Paris with more than 25 years of experience .
Denis started already in 1995 working with Quicktime VR and have produced panoramas and QTVR objects for Apple , Renault , Nikon and many other well known companies .
Read interview at VRMag
Also by Denis Gliksman
D- Day
Reflections are the new drop shadows Jason 60 comments Latest by Adam
Apple ’s gone reflection crazy .
And if history is any indication , everyone will follow .
It looks like the image reflection effect is the new drop shadow .
Image reflections are now found in iChat , iTunes , and iPhoto .
iWeb will add reflections for you if you publish to the web .
Reflections are everywhere on Apple ’s marketing site too .
More are coming in OS X 10.5 as well .
I see even Microsoft ’s Zune software has image reflections for some album covers :
We ’re even seeing reflections show up on the web .
Here are some icons from the Fluxiom product site :
Shopify also gets glassy with :
There ’s even some Javascript to add reflections to images on your website .
And if you ’d rather go the Photoshop route , there are tutorials to add reflections as well .
And if you have a Wordpress blog , there ’s a plugin called Glassyfloor that will slip you out .
Of course there ’s nothing wrong with the effect , but use it with caution .
Even Apple seems to be having a hard time with moderation .
It has targeted the country 's international airport and other infrastructure .
Astonishingly , the US has supported Israel in all this .
No wonder there is so much resentment of Israel and the US in the Arab - Muslim world .
The Palestinian killing of two Israeli soldiers and abduction of a third more than two weeks ago , and Hezbollah 's subsequent similar actions , have ostensibly generated the present crisis .
But such actions are not something new in the area .
Israel has been involved in this kind of action against the Palestinians , and to a lesser extent against Hezbollah , for years .
Israel has eliminated , through targeted assassination , hundreds of Palestinians and jailed thousands more , including women and children , and hit and jailed many Hezbollah activists .
In the process , it has killed hundreds of innocent Palestinians and many Lebanese .
Israel has justified all this in terms of self - defence , and collateral damage in what it has called a fight against terrorism , as defined by itself .
It has never paid the least attention to the fact that Palestinian violent actions against Israel have had their roots in Israel 's colonial occupation of the Palestinian land and brutal suppression of the Palestinians as a people , who , like Israelis , have the right to live in independence , peace and security .
Similarly , Israel has ignored the reality that its occupation of southern Lebanon for 20 years - until withdrawing unilaterally in 2000 because it could no longer sustain the cost of this operation - contributed substantially to making Hezbollah the fighting force that it is today .
While promoting itself as a bastion of democracy , Israel has scorned all Palestinian efforts at democratisation when the outcome has not been according to Israeli preferences .
It has denounced the Palestinians ' democratically elected government as one led by a terrorist organisation , the radical Islamist Hamas , although this is very much reminiscent of its rejection of the PLO as a terrorist organisation in the 1970s and ' 80s .
Now that the Palestinians have turned to Hamas for salvation because the PLO proved to be ineffectual , Israel is punishing all Palestinians for exercising their democratic rights .
In a similar vein , it has rejected Hezbollah 's democratic participation in Lebanese politics as a legitimate force , and has continued to prosecute it as a terrorist group and to encourage Washington to maximise pressure on Syria and Iran so that Israel can be assured of its position as the most powerful and determining actor in the region .
Unfortunately , the Bush Administration has given Israel virtually unqualified support .
When caught between supporting Israel and upholding its rhetoric about liberty , democracy and justice , it has sided with Israel .
It has defended the country 's actions in all political forums and cast most of its vetoes at the UN Security Council to protect Israel from any criticism .
It has constantly demanded that the Palestinians in particular , and Arabs and Iranians in general , democratise and refrain from violence .
But it has never asked Israel not to use American - supplied lethal weapons in violating the rights of the Palestinians and others in the area whenever it has been deemed appropriate .
This , together with US failures in Iraq , has made many Arabs and Muslims turn their backs on the US as a hypocritical power , too immersed in its war on terrorism to retain any sight of realities on the ground .
Neither Israel nor the US can any longer afford to bury their heads in the sand and pretend that the political challenges facing them do not exist .
Their actions have increasingly played into the hands of radicals - whether of Islamist or secularist nature - in the Arab - Muslim domain , and , for that matter , in the wider world .
Both Israel and the US need to realise that the application of brute force cannot resolve the deep - seated problems in the region .
What is required is a sound political strategy to address the plight of the Palestinians , defuse tension between Israel and its neighbours , and improve America 's image among the Arabs and Muslims .
Otherwise the long - term damage to both Israel and the US , as well as the region , may become beyond repair , seriously undermining the efforts to contain international terrorism .
Last January the wretched and dispossessed in the slums of Gaza helped elect Hamas , and were duly told by Blair , as well as the Americans , that this was an unacceptable way to vote - a curious reflection on the much - trumpeted project of " democratising the Middle East " .
Apart from the question of recognising Israel , Hamas stands condemned for espousing terrorist violence .
There have indeed been outrageous and indefensible killings of Israeli civilians , but even that raises more questions than it answers .
It is a platitude to say that one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter .
Palestinians will point out that Israeli state violence has always more than matched that of its opponents - notably in the numbers of civilians killed - and they could point out also that this dates from before the creation of the state of Israel .
An anniversary in July was a reminder of that , though it passed unnoticed here .
And it has also been barely remarked that Israel has today the purest Revisionist government in its history .
Ehud Olmert , the prime minister , has been described as " one of Likud 's princes from a prominent Revisionist family " , which makes Tzipi Livni , his photogenic foreign minister , a princess .
In an interview with the Spiegel , the German magazine , she said that as a girl " All I ever heard about was that we Jews have the right to a state on both sides of the Jordan " .
Her father 's grave bears the old map of that Greater Israel of Revisionist dreams , and she is one of the few prominent Israelis who can still quote the works of Vladimir Jabotinsky , the brilliant and charismatic man who founded the political tradition from which the groups called Betar , Irgun Zvei Leumi , Herut , Likud and now Kadima descend : a tradition to which she and Olmert belong by birth .
After the 1917 Balfour declaration had promised a Jewish homeland ( " it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine " ) , the British became rulers of Palestine under the somewhat dubious guise of a League of Nations mandate , and violence between Jews and Arabs erupted at once .
In the 1920s Jabotinsky created the Revisionist Zionist movement , defiantly nationalistic and militaristic , with an aim of admirable clarity : " The revival of the Jewish state with a Jewish majority on both sides of the Jordan . "
For Jabotinsky , Zionism was a psychological as well as political project .
In an essay entitled Against Excessive Apology , he told the Jews to stop cringing and tell the goyim " to go to hell " , which Olmert may be said to have taken to heart .
Instead of pretending that Palestine was " a land without people for a people without land " , or that the existing inhabitants would welcome the Zionists , Jabotinsky insisted that they would not : " The native population , civilised or uncivilised , have always stubbornly resisted the colonists . "
It was thus " utterly impossible to obtain the voluntary consent of the Palestine Arabs " , and the Zionists must be ready to use force by building an " Iron Wall " .
His famous phrase has now been interpreted literally by the Israeli government .
Only elements on the far left and some radical Islamists today care to call the Israeli government fascist .
And yet , just as the strongest opponents of Zionism a hundred years ago were not antisemites ( some of whom rather liked the idea of shipping the Jews off to the east ) but other Jews , so in the early years of Revisionism its harshest critics were not gentiles ( few of whom knew much about these intestine scissions ) , but other Zionists .
In the 30s , David Ben Gurion , the Labour leader who became Israel 's first prime minister , called his antagonist " Vladimir Hitler " , and the Zionist leader Chaim Weizmann told the New York lawyer Morris Rothenberg that the Jewish extremists evinced " Hitlerism in its worst possible form " .
That was , of course , before anyone knew what horrors Hitler would inflict on the Jewish people , but the phrase was startling even then .
By the late 1930s some Revisionists had formed the Irgun , an armed militia committed to driving out the British and dealing with the Palestinian Arabs - by whatever means seemed necessary .
" In blood and fire did Judea fall , In blood and fire will Judea rise again , " ran one Revisionist song , and the Irgun were as good as those words .
On July 22 1946 they blew up the King David Hotel in Jerusalem , which housed the British headquarters of the military command , killing 91 people , among whom 28 were British , 41 Arab and 17 Jewish .
In a ceremony this July , old Irgun hands unveiled a plaque to mark the 60th anniversary .
The following year , in reprisal for the execution of Zionists , the Irgun hanged two captured British sergeants , and they habitually attacked Arab civilians , culminating in the bloodshed that accompanied the birth of the state .
We are now meant to be waging a " war on terror " , and " terrorist " is a curse supposed to end all argument .
But those who once supported the Irgun did n't shirk that word .
The playwright and Hollywood screenwriter Ben Hecht , famous in his day as the co-author of the classic newspaper black comedy The Front Page , was also an ardent Revisionist and adherent of the Irgun .
In May 1947 he published an advertisement in New York newspapers saluting the bombers of the King David : " The Jews of America are for you .
You are their champions . "
Every time they " let go with your guns and bombs at British betrayers and invaders of your homeland , the Jews of America make a little holiday in their hearts " .
Still more striking was Hecht 's admiring and intransigent headline above his ad : " Letter to the Terrorists of Palestine " .
There is no way of knowing what Jabotinsky would have made of that , since he died in 1940 .
But he had specifically repudiated the political assassination that Israeli governments have practised in recent decades , and he said that : " It must be hateful for any Jew to think that the rebirth of a Jewish state should ever be linked with such an odious suggestion as the removal of non-Jewish citizens . "
Such " removal " was just what was practised by the Irgun in 1948 , and later by Labour governments that uprooted Palestinian villages .
All of this ought to be a potent memory for Ehud Olmert , who spent his early years in an Irgun camp where his father was one of the leaders , and for Tzipi Livni , whose father ran guns for the Irgun .
Might n't that possibly give them some insight into the other " terrorists of Palestine " who have been tempted by " blood and fire " , and who also believe they have the right to a state ?
· Geoffrey Wheatcroft is the author of The Controversy of Zion
wheaty@compuserve.com
Every few days , a senior Fed official expresses concern regarding the effect of high gasoline prices on inflation .
These comments are always phrased in the way a meteorologist would report on the weather , as if the phenomenon in question is an act of nature .
Even stranger , these statements imply that only the Fed can hope to save us from this natural disaster .
To invoke another metaphor , this is like the cook who bakes a poison pie and then arrives on the scene of grave sickness , claiming to be the medic with the antidote .
It is the Fed that creates , not cures , inflation .
The surest way to stop it is to stop the printing presses — something that a government with massive debt and the desire to sustain a boom is not likely to do .
The Fed ’s latest warnings began on September 5 , 2005 , when the retail price of gasoline climbed to $ 3.069 per gallon — an increase of 72.6 % from early January of this year .
They believe that the decisive factor in the setting of an inflationary spiral is people ’s inflationary expectations .
This causes workers to press for higher wages .
Businesses try to recoup these wage increases by pushing the prices of goods and services higher .
This ignites inflation , or so it is believed .
On October 19 , 2005 , the President of the Dallas Federal Reserve , Richard Fischer , said at a luncheon in Houston , " I will not waver from advocating policy that discourages expectations of higher core inflation .
The object will always be to keep inflation at bay , so that the American business machine can keep on humming . "
It is inflationary expectations , so they believe , that keep inflation going once inflation is triggered .
Also , once expectations are set in motion it is not easy to get rid of them .
On October 20 , 2005 , the President of the St. Louis Federal Reserve , William Pool , told reporters , " If confidence in price stability starts to erode and inflation expectations begin to develop , it can be painful and long to reverse those expectations .
Undoing inflationary expectations can be a matter of a couple of years . "
Consequently , he believes that the Fed must raise interest rates enough to keep inflationary expectations well contained .
He also added that , " if we were to end up overshooting on the federal funds rate target on the high side and we found that the economy slowed more quickly than anticipated then cutting rates could restore growth relatively quickly . "
On October 21 , 2005 , the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond , Jeffrey Lacker , told reporters that he is increasingly worried about inflation and the prospect that higher energy prices will filter through into other goods .
" My concern about inflation is distinctly higher now .
We are facing the prospect now of the possibility of the energy price surge passing into core prices . "
The latest data gives credence to the Fed officials ’ concerns .
The rate of growth of the producer price index which excludes energy prices jumped to 0.6 % in September after falling 0.1 % in August .
Year - on - year the rate of growth climbed to 2.4 % in September from 2.2 % in the previous month and 1.7 % in June .
Furthermore , year - on - year the consumer price index rose by a massive 4.7 % in September .
Additionally , according to a closely watched survey by the University of Michigan , consumers ' expectation of inflation 12 months ahead jumped to 4.6 % in early October from 3.1 % in August .
On account of these developments , it is believed , the Fed must show leadership and act as soon as possible against emerging inflation .
Once people see that the Fed is a serious inflation fighter this will calm down inflationary expectations and will keep inflation at bay , or so it is held .
What is inflation all about ?
In a market economy , money enables the goods of one specialist to be exchanged for the goods of another specialist .
For instance John the baker has produced ten loaves of bread , which he has exchanged for ten dollars .
He then uses the ten dollars to buy twenty tomatoes from a farmer Bob .
Note that in order to acquire twenty tomatoes John had to produce ten loaves of bread first .
In short , his consumption of tomatoes is fully backed up by the production of bread .
Also , note that the money here is honestly earned and hence fully backed up by John ’s production of bread .
Or we may also say that here we have a case where something useful is exchanged for money and money in turn is exchanged for some other useful thing — something is exchanged for something else by means of money .
Let us now consider a case of a counterfeiter — call him Charlie — who instead of producing something useful has created ten dollars by means of printing these ten dollars .
He then uses these dollars to buy twenty tomatoes from Bob the farmer .
His counterfeiting amounts to an " exchange " of nothing ( since Charlie has n’t produced anything economically useful ) for ten dollars , which is in turn exchanged for twenty tomatoes .
Consequently , by means of money , which was created out of " thin air , " Charlie the counterfeiter can consume without any production .
Note that the money here , which was created out of " thin air , " is not supported by any production of useful goods or services .
Or we can also say that here we have a case where nothing useful is exchanged for money and money is exchanged for useful things — nothing is exchanged for something useful by means of money out of " thin air . "
By creating money out of " thin air , " Charlie the counterfeiter has in fact boosted or inflated the stock of money .
This inflation of money in turn has enabled Charlie to secure tomatoes at the expense of a genuine wealth producer John the baker .
In other words , while John the baker has contributed to the pool of funding , i.e. , the pool of final goods this is not the case as far as Charlie the counterfeiter is concerned — he is consuming final goods without putting anything useful to the pool of these goods .
It follows then that the diversion of real wealth from wealth generators to non-wealth generators by means of increases in the money supply is what inflation is all about .
Or we can say that inflation is about the economic impoverishment of wealth producers , which is set in motion by means of inflating the stock of money .
Through the increase in money supply , Charlie the counterfeiter adds an extra demand for goods and services without making any contribution to the production of goods and services .
In short , the new money that Charlie created together with the previous money is now chasing an unchanged stock of goods .
Now , a price is the amount of dollars paid per unit of a good .
Hence with more money now chasing a given amount of goods it implies that the price , i.e. , the amount of dollars now paid for a unit of a good , has risen .
Note that a general increase in prices here took place as a result of the inflation of the money stock .
Observe that the fall in the purchasing power of money , i.e. , general increase in prices , is not what triggers the economic impoverishment of wealth generators .
The trigger is the creation of money out of " thin air , " or the inflation of the money stock .
A general increase in the prices of goods and services is merely the symptom of the inflation of money , i.e. , the manifestation of inflation .
In short , a general increase in prices reflects the fact that increases in the money supply , i.e. , money out of " thin air , " have given rise to nonproductive consumption .
Note what we are not saying .
We do n’t say that inflation is the increase in prices caused by increases in money supply .
What we are saying is that increases in money supply is what constitutes inflation .
What is wrong with the popular definition of inflation ?
According to Mises ,
Inflation , as this term was always used everywhere and especially in this country , means increasing the quantity of money and bank notes in circulation and the quantity of bank deposits subject to check .
But people today use the term `inflation ' to refer to the phenomenon that is an inevitable consequence of inflation , that is the tendency of all prices and wage rates to rise .
The result of this deplorable confusion is that there is no term left to signify the cause of this rise in prices and wages .
There is no longer any word available to signify the phenomenon that has been , up to now , called inflation .
In short , what today is called inflation is the general rise in prices , which is in fact only the outcome of inflation .
Consequently , anything that contributes to price increase is called inflationary and therefore must be guarded against .
Thus a fall in unemployment or a rise in economic activity are all seen as potential inflationary triggers and therefore must be restrained by central bank policies .
Some other triggers such as rises in commodity prices or workers wages are also regarded as potential threats and therefore must be always under the watchful eye of the central bank policy makers .
If inflation is indeed just a general rise in prices , why is it regarded as bad news ?
What kind of damage does it do ?
Mainstream economists maintain that general price increases cause speculative buying , which generates waste .
Inflation , it is maintained , also erodes the real incomes of pensioners and low - income earners and causes a misallocation of resources .
Despite all these assertions regarding the side effects of what they define as inflation , mainstream economics does n’t tell us how all these bad side effects are caused .
Why should a general rise in prices hurt some groups of people and not others ?
Why should a general rise in prices weaken real economic growth ?
Or how does inflation lead to the misallocation of resources ?
Furthermore , if inflation is just a rise in prices , surely it is possible to offset its bad side effects by adjusting everybody ’s incomes in the economy in accordance with this general price increase .
However , once it is established that inflation is about the destruction of the process of wealth generation then all the above questions are easily answered .
We have seen that increases in the money supply set in motion an exchange of nothing for something .
They divert real funding away from wealth generators toward the holders of the newly created money .
This is what sets in motion the misallocation of resources , not price increases as such , which is only the manifestation of this misallocation .
Moreover , the beneficiaries of the newly created money , i.e. , money out of " thin air " — are always the first recipients of money , and so they can divert a greater portion of wealth to themselves .
Obviously , those who either do n’t receive any of the newly created money or get it last will find that what is left for them is a diminished portion of the pool of real funding .
Additionally , real incomes fall not because of general rises in prices , but because of increases in the money supply , which gives rise to nonproductive consumption .
In other words , inflation depletes the real pool of funding , which undermines the production of real wealth — i.e. , a lowering of real incomes .
General increases in prices , which follow increases in money supply , are an indication that the erosion of peoples ’ purchasing power has taken place .
It is not the symptoms of a disease but rather the disease itself that causes the physical damage .
Likewise , it is not a general rise in prices but increases in the money supply that inflict the physical damage on wealth generators .
Can inflationary expectations trigger a general price rise ?
Recall that according to popular thinking , workers ' expectations for higher inflation make them demand higher wages .
Increases in wages in turn lift the cost of producing goods and services and force businesses to pass these increases on to consumers by raising prices .
It is true that businesses set prices and it is also true that businessmen while setting prices take into account various costs of production .
However , businesses are ultimately at the mercy of the consumer who is the final arbiter .
The consumer determines whether the price set is " right , " so to speak .
Now , if the money stock has n’t risen , consumers wo n’t have more money to support the general increase in prices of goods and services .
( Remember , that a price is the amount of money per unit of a good ) .
Consequently , a strengthening in inflationary expectations cannot by itself set in motion a general increase in prices .
After all the realization of expectations has to go through the monetary channel .
So irrespective what people ’s expectations are , if the money supply has n’t increased then peoples monetary expenditure on goods cannot increase either .
This means then that no general strengthening in price increases can take place without an increase in the pace of monetary pumping .
By the same token , a strengthening in gasoline price rises cannot by itself set in motion a stronger rate of increase in general prices .
Without the strengthening in the rate of growth of money supply relative to the rate of growth of goods there ca n’t be a general strengthening in price rises .
However , one could argue that a rise in inflationary expectations will cause the lowering of the demand for money , which with all other things being equal , will result in the decline in money ’s purchasing power , i.e. , a general rise in prices .
However , what does a change in the demand for money have to do with inflation ?
Inflation as we have seen is an increase in the money supply that leads to economic impoverishment through the increase in nonproductive consumption .
There is however , nothing wrong with changes in the demand for money .
This is no different from changes in the demand for any good .
The fact that people want to hold less money does n’t give rise to nonproductive consumption that sets in motion a process of economic impoverishment .
Likewise inflation is not about increases in money supply in excess of the demand for money .
According to this way of thinking , as long as the increase in money supply is fully backed up by the demand for money there is no inflation .
Note also , that in this way of thinking inflation is regarded as a general rise in prices .
However , irrespective of the demand for money , once the money supply increases it sets in motion a process of impoverishment , which also sets in motion the dreadful boom - bust cycle .
It follows that the popular view , which asserts that by means of transparency the Fed can prevent rises in inflation , does n’t hold water .
Irrespective of how transparent the Fed is , what matters here is the rate of increase in the money supply .
It is rises in the money supply that cause the physical damage to the process of real wealth formation irrespective of the Fed ’s transparency .
Imagine that somehow the Fed did manage to convince people that central bank policies are aimed at stopping inflation and maintaining price stability , yet at the same time the central bank also raises the rate of growth of money supply .
So even if inflationary expectations were stable the destructive process will be set regardless of these expectations on account of the increase in the rate of growth of money .
Note that people ’s expectations and perceptions cannot offset this destructive process .
It is not possible to alter the facts of reality by means of expectations .
The damage that was done cannot be undone by means of expectations and perceptions .
Is the Fed an inflation fighter ?
Between January 2001 and June 2004 , the Fed had pursued an aggressive lowering of the federal funds rate target .
The target was lowered from 6.5 % to 1 % by June 2003 .
To attain a given federal funds rate target , the Fed must constantly manage the flow of money to financial markets .
Changes in the Federal Reserve ’s balance sheet , also known as Federal Credit , depict the variability in the monetary pumping to sustain a given federal funds rate target .
Thus , to support a lower fed - funds rate target the yearly rate of growth of Fed Credit jumped from 0.7 % in January 2001 to 12 % by September 2001 .
Furthermore , during most of the 2003 period the rate of pumping by the Fed stood in excess of 9 % .
The effect of Fed ’s pumping is manifested by the up - trend in the growth momentum of the CPI since June 2002 ( see chart ) .
Note that the general rise in prices as depicted by the rate of growth in the CPI is driven by the past actions of the Fed .
By responding to the symptoms of inflation that the Fed has itself created the US central bank gives the impression that it fights inflation .
Once it is realized that inflation is increases in the money supply , it becomes obvious that the source of inflation is the Fed and fractional reserve banking .
It also becomes obvious that rather than fighting inflation , it is the Fed itself that generates the inflationary process .
On this Mises wrote ,
To avoid being blamed for the nefarious consequences of inflation , the government and its henchmen resort to a semantic trick .
They try to change the meaning of the terms .
They call " inflation " the inevitable consequence of inflation , namely , the rise in prices .
They are anxious to relegate into oblivion the fact that this rise is produced by an increase in the amount of money and money substitutes .
They never mention this increase .
They put the responsibility for the rising cost of living on business .
This is a classical case of the thief crying " catch the thief . "
The government , which produced the inflation by multiplying the supply of money , incriminates the manufacturers and merchants and glories in the role of being a champion of low prices .
It is amazing that almost forty years ago the champion of present inflationary policies , Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan wrote the following ,
The law of supply and demand is not to be conned .
As the supply of money ( of claims ) increases relative to the supply of tangible assets in the economy , prices must eventually rise .
Thus the earnings saved by the productive members of the society lose value in terms of goods .
When the economy ’s books are finally balanced , one finds that this loss in value represents the goods purchased by the government for welfare or other purposes with the money proceeds of the government bonds financed by bank credit expansion .
Conclusions
For the past several weeks ,
Fed officials have warned the public about the growing inflation threat .
Officials blame the growing risk of inflation on the rising price of gasoline as a result of the rise in crude oil prices and hurricane Katrina .
Despite all this Fed officials are resolute that it is their duty to protect the US economy from the inflation menace .
According to officials , what is needed to counter the looming inflation threat is to prevent an acceleration in inflationary expectations .
This , it is held , can be achieved by pursuing a transparent and credible policy to counter inflation .
It is overlooked by most experts that the source of inflation has nothing to do with the high price of oil and high gasoline prices .
The main source of inflation is the Fed itself .
Various measures that Fed officials are promising to employ in the fight against inflation rather than fixing the problem will make things much worse .
These policies only generate a further misallocation of resources , which in turn undermines the process of wealth generation .
When an A - lister bites the toenail it is discussed with vivid detail in Blogosphers .
When something Earth changing like a Mass Tree Planting Marathon is underway , I ’m surprised by the deafening silence !
Project Green Hands of Isha Foundation is an initiative to increase the green cover of the state of Tamil Nadu( India ) by 10 % over the next ten years .
Here is the a quote from the Project Rationale :
Statistics show that the number of trees required to make substantial difference is huge and daunting – for example , an estimated 114 million new trees are required to increase the green cover of the state of Tamil Nadu by 10 % ( from the present 17.5 % , over the next 10 years ) .
However , as Sadhguru says , if every one of the 62 million people of Tamil Nadu planted one tree in 2006 and another in 2007 and tend to it over the next 10 years , we would have 124 million young trees , by the year 2016 .
Actual statistics and practical logistics may come in the way , but the rationale is very simple , with the right kind of focus and motivation , the gap between what is needed and what is possible could be very small .
Surely , raising two saplings over the next 10 years is a task that even the poorest of the poor can do .
The rich and the resourceful could do much more .
So with no additional financial burden upon the state , just people ’s action could make something truly beautiful , wonderful and timely , happen .
Faced with the grim threats to the environment that exist today , this is the scale of action that is required .
Besides , it is a well known conservation paradigm that people conserve only what they love and value .
So the amount of awareness , sensitivity , and involvement created amoung the general population through planting and growing trees combined with the inspiration received and the motivation created in accomplishing such a huge task would be a huge social and national asset .
The world record setting , Mass Tree Planting Marathon is presently happening in Tamil Nadu .
Some 200,000 people are taking part in the activity dispersed across 2000 locations planting 700,000 plant saplings .
The project originated as part of Tsunami rehabilitation effort in coastal areas .
Planting of trees along the coastline will act as a wave breaker in case of a future Tsunami .
It is extended to the entire state now .
The process of seed selection , and making the sapling is done with dedication involving school children , common men , educated , illiterate , rich , poor , famous etc all alike .
Hat tip to Jaggi Vasudev
Update ( 24 Sep 2007 ) : This years Project Green Hands is even more ambitious 25 Million Trees for 2007 and they start on September – That is confidence ! .
Catch all the action at the Gramotsavam Blog .
There is a photo exhibition at Alliance Francaise too till Oct 3 .
Neuroscience is tackling a problem that obsessed Hamlet :
What is the difference in our minds between talk and action ?
Less than you would expect , an international research group reports in the Sept. 19 issue of Current Biology .
The brain 's premotor cortex shows the same activity pattern when subjects observe an action as when they hear words describing the same action , the study 's authors said .
" If you hear the word ' grasp , ' it 's actually the premotor cortex that 's active , not just a separate , abstract semantic area in the brain , " said lead investigator Lisa Aziz - Zadeh , assistant professor of occupational sciences with a joint appointment in the Brain and Creativity Institute of the USC College of Letters , Arts and Sciences .
The premotor cortex has long been identified as a center of activity for actions .
The notion that it could also process verbal descriptions of those actions has met some resistance .
" Neuroscience is coming around to this idea , but there has n't been much data supporting it , " Aziz - Zadeh said .
To change that , Aziz - Zadeh recruited 12 volunteers and used functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) to compare the same areas of the premotor cortex in the same subject as the person observed an action and heard language describing the action .
The premotor area involved during observation of a specific action , such as kicking , also lit up when the subject heard the corresponding word .
This was the first study to make such a direct comparison , Aziz - Zadeh said .
Other studies found activity in the same areas during execution of an action , Aziz - Zadeh added , offering indirect evidence for the existence of " mirror neuron " systems that activate both when a person performs a task and when the person watches someone else perform the task .
" The study does demonstrate the intimate linkage between the way we talk about actions and the neural machinery that supports those actions .
That 's very intriguing , " said USC University Professor Michael Arbib .
Arbib also noted the sharp difference between the subjects ' responses to literal action statements ( such as " biting the peach " ) and metaphorical actions ( " biting off more than you can chew " or " kicking off " ) .
" Metaphor seems not to activate the action areas as much as a direct action statement , " he said , predicting that in future studies the premotor cortex will respond more strongly to novel images than to " frozen metaphors , " otherwise known as clichés - a finding unlikely to floor anyone , knock their socks off or cause their jaw to drop .
Arbib carried out one of the first studies of mirror neurons in humans with Giacomo Rizzolatti of the Universita di Parma in Italy .
In 1998 , he and Rizzolatti co-wrote " Language Within Our Grasp , " a frequently cited article that proposed mirror neurons are involved in language .
( Arbib also edited " From Action to Language Via the Mirror System , " an upcoming book from Cambridge University Press . )
Rizzolatti , who discovered mirror neurons in 1996 , collaborated with Aziz - Zadeh on her current study .
The other co-authors are Stephen Wilson and Marco Iacoboni from UCLA .
###
Aziz - Zadeh is a co-author in the same issue of Current Biology on another paper dealing with the sounds of actions and the mirror neuron system .
She came to USC recently from UC Berkeley .
Funding for Aziz - Zadeh 's study came from a number of private and public sources : the Brain Mapping Medical Research Organization , the Brain Mapping Support Foundation , Pierson - Lovelace Foundation , the Ahmanson Foundation , William M. and Linda R. Dietel Philanthropic Fund at the Northern Piedmont Community Foundation , Tamkin Foundation , Jennifer - Jones Foundation , Capital Group Companies Charitable Foundation , Robson Family , Northstar Fund , National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health .
この４月にサラリーマンとしての生活をはじめました。相変わらず職場では全くモテていないものの、一応何とか遅刻もせずに働いております。
４月というわけで、お偉い人が何を思ったか新入社員を集めて、ありがた〜い御講話をお垂れなさったりされますわ。まぁ、この御講話が素晴らしくってですね、テープに録音して不眠症の方に配りたいくらいなんですわ。一体どういう脳みそをしていると、この程度のことをこれだけ大勢の人間集めて、こんなに長時間話せるな、やっぱり出世するには厚顔無恥であるべきなのかなと、考えさせられる次第であります。
まぁ、今回は、この手のエラーイ人に向けてですね、どうすれば、新入社員が睡魔との猛烈なバトルをせずにすむ講話になるかを話しておこうと思います。
そこの偉い人。良く聞いておくように。寝たら承知しねぇ。
1.講話と会話は違うことを自覚しろ
一対一で話しているときに、どんなにツマラン話をしたところで、相手を眠らすことはなかなか困難。これは何でかというと、会話はキャッチボールだから。こっちが投げて、相手が取って、また投げ返して。そういうわけで相手も寝てられないわけ。また、キャッチボールってことは、誰に投げているかがはっきりしているわけだ。さすがに「自分に話しているんだ」と思っていれば寝にくい。
ところが、講話というのはキャッチボールじゃない。一対多。いわば単にボールを見せびらかしているだけな訳。そりゃ、普通のボールを何時間も見せたら寝るわな。
そういうわけで、講話をするなら、まず聞いている連中が関心を持つようなボールを持ってこなきゃいかん。どうやって関心を持たせるかはこれ以降に書く。
そして、会話と同様に相手からもアクションをさせることが必要。典型的なのは、「このなかで○○な人手を上げてー」とか「そこの君、これなんでだと思う？」といった質問。これがあるだけで、グッと寝る奴は減る。
2.抽象的な話は止めろ
ノーベル賞物の画期的大発見を語るならともかく、どうせお前らレベルは、たいしたことを語れないわけ。せいぜい「人間関係を大切に」とか「社会人として責任感を持とう」とかだろ？そんなもん、誰でもできるわ、クソたわけ。
こういう話を皆様が始めますと、私の脳内には羊さんたちが、めーめーと溢れかえり、さながら朝の新宿駅の様相を呈する訳ですよ。だって、知ってる話だもん。今更いらねぇ話だもん。
そもそも、あんたもその歳になって、何で、こんなあったり前の話をしなきゃと思うわけ？それは、きっと、その教訓に関連した、それなりに苦い経験があるからでしょ。じゃ、何でそれを話さないんだよ。
あんたらお偉方が新入社員に勝っているものって「年季が入っている」ってことでしょ。経験ですよ、経験。これに関しては、間違いなくあんたたちの勝ち。例えあなたが、エクセルちんぷんかんぷんでも、社会経験はあんたの勝ち。それじゃ、その経験を話してよ。俺聞いたことないから。
就職活動の自己PRってのは、単に抽象的発言を並べてもダメなわけ。実際に、どんな苦労をして、どう考え、どう対処したか、ってことを具体的に語って初めて自己PR。それと同じ。
あんたが、若いころに経験した苦労話をしろや。聞いている連中が「うわ、それ、俺の身にも起こるかも」って思わせろ。「それ、困るなー」って悩まさせろ。そういう話を踏まえてなら、結論が多少、しょぼいもんでもOK。ちゃんと聞いていられる。
もちろん 、 「人間関係なんて、どーでもいいんだよ！」とか「責任をどう逃れるかが出世できるかの分かれ道！」といったような変わった結論なら、抽象論でも、そこそこ聞いていられるけどね。
3.偉い人の格言なんかいらねぇ
すーぐ、偉い人の格言を出す奴がいるんだよね。哲学者とか、伝説的経営者とか、戦国武将とかの。
あのね。格言ってのは、その人の人生や行動とセットになって始めて意味を成すわけ。「人の一生は重荷を負うて遠き道を行くが如し」なんてのは徳川家康が言うから意味があるわけで、３歳児が言っても説得力がないでしょう。せめて、そいつの人生の説明を加えて使ってくれ。でも、できることなら自分の人生を語ってくれよ。他人の話じゃなく。
大体、過去の偉い人の格言を援用するのは、「こんな有名な人も、僕チンと同じ事言ってんだよー」って言いたいわけでしょ？んなもん、長々と語ることか。アクセント程度でいいんだよ、格言なんぞ。
4.長く話すな
一時間くらい話す奴がいるんだけど、お前ら何でそんなにヒマなの？偉い奴が暇な会社ってどうなのよ。まとめてから来い。せいぜい、20分だろ。
まぁ、こんな感じかね。分かったか、会社の偉い連中よ。今後は、上司としての自覚を持って講話をたれるように。以上！
It runs modern society and fuels serious political tension .
But where does oil really come from , and how much is left ?
The far - out possibilities might surprise you .
Nature has been transmuting dead life into black gold for millions of years using little more than heat , pressure and time , scientists tell us .
But with gas prices spiking more than $ 1 per gallon in the United States this year and some experts predicting that the end of oil is near , scientists still do n't know for sure where oil comes from , how long it took to make , or how much there is .
A so - called fossil fuel , petroleum is believed by most scientists to be the transformed remains of long dead organisms .
The majority of petroleum is thought to come from the fossils of plants and tiny marine organisms .
Larger animals might contribute to the mix as well .
" Even some of the dinosaurs may have gotten involved in some of this , " says William Thomas , a geologist at the University of Kentucky .
" [ Although ] I think it would be quite rare and a very small and insignificant contribution . "
But another theory holds that more oil was in Earth from the beginning than what 's been produced by dead animals , but that we 've yet to tap it .
How it works
In the leading theory , dead organic material accumulates on the bottom of oceans , riverbeds or swamps , mixing with mud and sand .
Over time , more sediment piles on top and the resulting heat and pressure transforms the organic layer into a dark and waxy substance known as kerogen .
Left alone , the kerogen molecules eventually crack , breaking up into shorter and lighter molecules composed almost solely of carbon and hydrogen atoms .
Depending on how liquid or gaseous this mixture is , it will turn into either petroleum or natural gas .
So how long does this process take ?
Scientists are n't really sure , but they figure it 's probably on the order of hundreds of thousands of years .
" It 's certainly not an instantaneous process , " Thomas told Live Science .
" The rate at which petroleum is forming is not going to be the solution to our petroleum supplies . "
The United States ' latest reminder of its petroleum dependency occurred when hurricanes Katrina and Rita struck the Gulf of Mexico , where the majority of the country 's oil platforms and refineries are located .
Many analysts predicted gas prices would surge to $ 4 and $ 5 per gallon , but the fears turned out to be overblown .
Many of the structures suffered only glancing blows and were operating again soon afterwards .
SPECIAL REPORT Thinking Beyond Oil
Still , the average price of regular gas nationwide is about $ 2.94 a gallon now , according to the American Automobile Association .
It was $ 1.77 at the beginning of the year .
Alternative source
The idea that petroleum is formed from dead organic matter is known as the " biogenic theory " of petroleum formation and was first proposed by a Russian scientist almost 250 years ago .
In the 1950's , however , a few Russian scientists began questioning this traditional view and proposed instead that petroleum could form naturally deep inside the Earth .
This so - called " abiogenic " petroleum might seep upward through cracks formed by asteroid impacts to form underground pools , according to one hypothesis .
Some geologists have suggested probing ancient impact craters in the search for oil .
Abiogenic sources of oil have been found , but never in commercially profitable amounts .
The controversy is n't over whether naturally forming oil reserves exist , said Larry Nation of the American Association of Petroleum Geologists .
It 's over how much they contribute to Earth 's overall reserves and how much time and effort geologists should devote to seeking them out .
If abiogenic petroleum sources are indeed found to be abundant , it would mean Earth contains vast reserves of untapped petroleum and , since other rocky objects formed from the same raw material as Earth , that crude oil might exist on other planets or moons in the solar system , scientists say .
Both processes for making petroleum likely require thousands of years .
Even if Earth does contain far more oil than currently thought , it 's inevitable that reserves will one day run out .
Scientists disagree sharply , however , on when that will occur .
And , some say , a global crisis could begin as soon as increasing demand is greater than supply , a possibility that might be measured in years rather than decades , some analysts argue .
Last Updated : Friday , 30 September 2005 , 15:05 GMT 16:05 UK E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bear necessities
A POINT OF VIEW
By Harold Evans
Bear through a fish - eye lens
In his weekly opinion column , Harold Evans reflects on how an environmental success story - rescuing grizzlies from extinction - could be set back by the quest for oil .
There 's a tiny Wild West schoolhouse in a romantic setting in the Rocky mountains of Wyoming .
It is just two rooms flying a small American flag in the loneliness at the edge of Yellowstone National Park .
Audra Morrow , the solitary teacher , has just four children in her school .
She lives in a little log cabin a short walk away through the high brush and was happily making dinner for herself when she had the fright of her life .
There at her kitchen window was a huge grizzly bear on its hind legs , its paws resting against the window frame , snout pressed against the glass .
Schoolmarm and grizzly stared at each other .
The schoolmarm blinked first .
Grizzlies , whose scientific name is ursus arctos horribilis , pack at least 500 pounds of muscle and bone in their 6ft plus frames .
Muscling through the window would have been the work of a moment .
" We were literally nose to nose , " Audra told me .
" My dog was barking , I was screaming , and we were having no effect at all .
The bear was a momma and she 'd brought along two cubs , so there were three of them . "
The scare , in fact , was a mark of success .
Twenty - five years ago you would have been hard put to find a grizzly even if you 'd gone looking .
In the 19th Century they foraged throughout North America from the Great Plains to California and from Alaska to Mexico .
There were tens of thousands of grizzlies on the plains when Lewis and Clark explored the continent in the early 19th Century , just as there were tens of thousands of buffalo .
By 1975 , the grizzly was to be found in no more than 1 - 2 % of its original habitat .
There were only 200 in Yellowstone National Park and smaller numbers in pockets of Idaho , Montana and Washington .
In short , if nothing had been done , the grizzly would be around today only courtesy of photographer and taxidermist .
National icon
The rescue began in July 1975 , two years after Congress passed the Endangered Species Act .
That law was the most wide ranging and well - considered of any wildlife conservation effort anywhere in the world , the very best expression of America 's idealism in protecting our natural heritage .
The grizzly is an icon , like the eagle and the buffalo , because it reminds Americans of the heroic past in which they wrung a civilization out a wilderness .
Indeed , the 26th president , Theodore Roosevelt , believed that the grizzly on its hind legs was a better symbol of American vigour than the bald eagle .
BBC NEWS : AUDIO Hear A Point of View in the BBC Radio Player
It is the biggest success story yet for the nationwide act .
And the Federal Fish and Wildlife Service proposes to celebrate that achievement by taking the grizzly off its endangered list , trusting individual states will take over as the bears ' bodyguards .
The federal government promises to relist the grizzly if numbers go down again .
Since the act , only about 15 species have been delisted out of 1,830 considered at risk , so not surprisingly the proposal is being hotly disputed .
Shock and awe
We might characterize the dispute by talking to another teacher , a mountaineering guide who also encountered a bear in the wilds .
She is Louisa Willcox .
" Twenty years ago I came upon the grizzly standing in a forest clearing .
It was my first sight of this American icon .
It was so inspiring , " she told me .
Louisa , in her awe , stood still .
It was as well she did not run .
The experts advise that running away is likely to incite a predatory bear .
You should stand your ground - some hope !
- face the animal and converse in a firm low voice .
Grizzlies , they acknowledge , can certainly be killers , but the experts also insist bears virtually never assault people without provocation .
Louisa was inspired enough to study the species .
She has become one of the foremost experts , working out of Livingston , Montana , now for the National Resources Defence Council ( NRDC ) .
This pressure group has more than a million members dedicated to protecting the environment .
It is over the issue of delisting that Louisa parts company with Audra , our first teacher .
Louisa very much opposes taking the bear off the endangered list .
So does the Sierra Club , America 's oldest grassroots environmental organization with 750,000 members .
They believe it would put the grizzly on the path of extinction once again .
Johan
Otter was bitten in the head Audra does n't want to bear to die out but she does fear the increasing numbers of them wandering out of Yellowstone Park .
She does n't obsess about her own little nightmare .
Others have had scares too .
A couple of fishermen nearby had a nasty experience when a big grizzly charged them , then followed their retreat to a car .
Audra herself never leaves home these days without a pepper spray , a surprisingly effective deterrent .
" I am not a gun person , " she told me " but now I have a loaded shotgun in the cabin . "
The school has put a fence to protect the children in the playground .
Defenders of the bear argue that attacks are very rare - 17 deaths in 20 years - and that sometimes people behave foolishly ; the Los Angeles couple , for instance , who walked up to a bear feeding on summer berries , tried to drive him off , got mauled , then sued the Park Service for $ 2 m for bad bear management .
Even so when they do happen , attacks are very scary and make big headlines .
It made a major impact back in the 60s when on the hot and stormy night of 13 August 1967 , two different grizzlies in two different tragedies killed two 19 - year - old female backpackers .
Now the more recent fate of Timothy Treadwell is vivid in people 's minds .
He was the leading advocate of the bears as harmless .
He lived among them for 13 summers in Alaska 's Katmai National Park and made a point of advertising a spiritual relationship with them .
On 15 October 2003 , a 1,000 - pounder dragged him out of his tent and ate him and then ate his girlfriend Amie .
Scavenge for food Some wildlife experts like Alston Chase , the author of Playing God in Yellowstone Park , and the biologists Frank and John Craighead , are critical of the Park Service .
A black bear scavenges for food
Their argument is that there is not enough natural food for any of the bears in Yellowstone - black bears , brown bears or grizzlies - so when the Park Service closed back country garbage dumps after the 1967 attacks , the bears were impelled to scavenge a wider area .
They predicted at the time this would lead them into conflict with humans , with unhappy consequences for both species .
The prediction proved all too true .
From 1969 to 1972 , more than 160 grizzlies had to be shot - leading to the panic that they were going to disappear altogether .
This is precisely what the opponents of delisting fear will happen again .
More bears wandering , more shootings , fewer bears surviving to continue the species ...
But there 's more on the agenda .
The environmental lobbies are convinced that the Bush administration , beset by a deepening energy crisis , wants to delist the bear as part of its strategy to give oil and gas developers uncontrolled access to millions of acres of public land .
The administration has already allowed numerous drilling projects in five areas of the Rocky Mountains where there is a diversity of rare wildlife .
It 's not easy to decide between wildlife and energy , between the survival of the grizzly and the safety of people on the fringe of the wilderness .
But long lines at the gas pumps , and three too many bears for dinner , make the circumstances for both delisters and developers just right .
Your comments :
Well , thank you for this highly informative article ; I have no definitive comment on the issue of listing or de-listing at this time but my interest is now aroused and I intend to inform myself further as a result of Harold Evans commentary ; instinctively one tends to side with maintaining procedures to protect this terrifyingly impressive creature , including sensible steps to provide sufficient natural foodstuffs but thanks for presenting the well - reasoned argument .
Bernard Hall , Gosport Save the bears and their territory .
Once we use up the bears ' land , our energy crisis will still continue .
The only difference is that in the future we 'll have an energy crisis but no bears .
Judy , Atlanta GA USA
An article about bears ?
Or another badly disguised anti-American drone designed to attract the same old comments about Bush and Kyoto ?
Marco Cesio , Surrey , UK
Once again , mankind puts itself at the top of the food chain .
If the populace grows , more and more , its stands to reason there will be increased chances of humans crossing the path of bears and potentially , bear attacks .
Sadly soon after that , there will be further outcry for bear culling .
Our increasing demand for the earths resources and territorial space are pushing , or indeed killing out all natural wildlife inhabitants .
Can we surely not see it is the human population that is out of control ?
Jason Davies , Birmingham , UK
The prospects of the United States government adjusting the Endangered Species act for the benefit of corporations terrify me .
The United States has such a vast array of natural beauty , and diversity , that I feel people take this for granted .
I feel people wo n't notice what 's happening until it is too late .
And if the United States , a huge superpower cannot prove to be a powerful example in the preservation of our natural resources , who will ?
Falling back on old habits such as destroying our earth for oil , and polluting our air and water in the name of progress , we will destroy ourselves as fast as the fear and intimidation that is used to pass these bills will .
Hazel , USA
If the national parks are overcrowded then the obvious solution seems to be relocation of some of the bears .
Many US states such as Wyoming , Nebraska or Idaho are practically empty .
Bears are very versatile animals ( as their skill with a trash can shows ! ) .
Move viable colonies of bears to some of the emptier parts of the states ( whether national park or not ) and let the bears get on with life .
I 'm sure they 'll do pretty well .
Peter , Nottingham
Having spent many days camping and hiking in ' Bear Country ' in the US and Canada , most recently in Katmai in Alaska , I have a wary respect for these magnificent creatures .
It is true that bears will rarely attack humans without provocation , and it is almost always the humans themselves who invite the danger , such as the LA couple in your article .
Nevertheless , these are wild , unpredictable animals , and there will always be the occasional random attack .
The people who were mauled or killed by bears chose to take the small risk in return for spending time in the amazing wilderness these countries still have to offer .
The governments of these countries must protect the wilderness , and all the creatures that live there and were there first , so that future generations can take the same pleasure .
This must include restricting the areas in which oil exploration is allowed , or my children 's children will never enjoy the sight of a grizzly in the wild , as I have .
Christine , Guildford , UK
The habitat that is left is all there is .
There is no where left for these bears to go .
I have had 3 encounters in my life and all were my fault .
Most bear attacks are the same .
When we go out in the bush we are in there living room .
If people want to continue to have bears on this planet then space has to be made for them , it 's as simple as that , and if people are concerned about a bear encounter and it's outcome then maybe they should just stay home .
Catherine Crewe , Victoria , B.C. Canada
The Bush administration is currently attempting to gut the Endangered Species Act so developers and mining / oil prospectors can make more money .
The recovery of the grizzly is a testament to the fact that the Act can help species survive and even rebound from man 's destructive forces .
God help us , the bears , and all the other creatures that will be trying to make it through the next 3.5 years .
Edie , Davis , CA , USA How US - centric this report is .
Grizzly and black bears have been living in Canada , in large unthreatened populations , nowhere near extinction , all the time .
Clarence Simmons , Victoria , Canada I live in black bear country .
And we where city people before coming here .
I new there where bears here and am learning to live with them .
People are pushing wildlife out what do you expect the bears to do go on vacation get real learn about them .
Last nite I had one in our back yard and this is in a city of 15,000 people .
Johann Camplin , Elliot Lake Canada
On a recent visit to Yellowstone we were VERY disappointed at not having spotted even a single bear .
We had to visit a small park in Idaho on the return trip to see 20 bears in a confined space !!
It is time for all Americans ( especially the government ) to turn to alternative energy sources , solar power , wind power , hydrogen cars etc .
Stop supporting the fat cats in the oil industry and relying on imported oil and gas .
I for one intend to build and environmentally friendly house for the future and invest in a new technology car .
Come on everyone do it for yourself and for our beautiful country and precious wildlife .
Margaret Carr , Boise , ID I had a friend who worked on the Alaskan pipeline in the 70's .
Bears were a constant , but manageable threat .
Only untrained or unskilled people had problems .
This was more the fault of the human then the bear .
The " delisters " are hunters and they enjoy a most favoured position with the current administration .
I would n't bet on the bears .
Brian , San Diego , US I'm a Brit living here , and went to Montana 's Glacier Park this summer .
A grizzly walked across the road behind us after we had just stopped in a lay - by to admire the view .
These bears are HUGE and terrifying .
The wardens told us we were lucky he did n't attack us as they gorge themselves all summer to build up as much fat as possible for winter .
When we went to a local restaurant in Libby , Montana everyone had a scary story to tell about grizzlies .
It 's one place I wo n't be moving to .
It 's the same old story , man 's incursion into the wild , who has priority ?
Les Strongman , Minneapolis USA
Bush and his plunder capital buddies aided and abetted by a world full of voracious , consumers are destroying the planet .
If you love God , you will love all of his creation and , like Noah , seek to safeguard and steward it .... all of it .
No , this does not mean we have to become vegetarian lotus eaters .
Yes , it does mean we have to live within our ecological means , devouring less and , not least , limiting our own out - of - control numbers .
Mark , USA I 'm for the bears .
They should not be delisted until the Grizzlies population centres converge .
Also , people who move out west should realize that they are going to come across animals who are truly wild and will view them as a possible meal .
Thanks .
Neal Simpkins , Valley Forge PA
Cars are responsible for many more deaths than bears each year , including gruesome multi-victim tragedies .
Should n't we let the bears live and destroy the dangerous motor vehicles instead ?
It would save many more lives .
Environmentalist , Toronto , Canada
What drivel .
They are certainly not nearly extinct in this country .
Grizzly bears are very common in our Rocky Mountain National Parks , plus Northern British Columbia , Alberta etc .
Just because the USA do not have our populations of Grizzlies , although they are certainly not short of them in Alaska , there is no need for scare tactics .
Terry Gardner , Salmon Arm BC Canada
If the US government is willing to sacrifice soldiers for oil I do n't doubt for a moment that they 'll sacrifice bears .
Perhaps if people were to drive smaller , more economical cards instead of gas guzzling SUVs this problem could be avoided but as usual the selfishness of people is killing off a species .
Vik , UK Having recently visited the Rocky Mountains in Alberta and BC in Canada it is apparent that black and grizzly bear territory is being encroached upon by the development of land for residencies ( in the article above it is for oil refineries ) .
Bears are roaming animals by their nature and they will often walk the same trails as the generations before them .
All of sudden these bears find a suburb of luxury houses in their path ( or an oil plant ! ) , often inhabited by out - of - towners with little idea of how they should respond to a bear encounter ( particularly a mother accompanied by cubs ) .
Bear attacks on humans are rare but are also increasing and will continue to do so while we encroach upon their territory .
Sadly though , it will not be the bears who win in the long - run and the future survival of these beautiful animals is endangered .
These ' wilderness ' towns are surrounded by truly stunning scenery ( or valuable natural resource ) and are desirable places to live so towns will continue to expand while there is planning permission to do so .
Personally , I 'm rooting for Team Grizzly .
Paul , London
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In today 's Magazine Big beasts
How elephants helped to shape human history , by David Cannadine
Change a-coming
Justin Webb on America 's love affair with progress
Audience of one
Would you watch a play all on your own ?
7 days quiz
What now for Paul the eight - limbed oracle ?
Magazine regulars Tweetbook
Say goodbye to worktime boredom .
Follow us on Facebook or Twitter
Magazine Monitor
Paper Monitor , Your Letters , Quote of the Day , Caption Competition and more
RELATED BBC LINKS : BBC Radio 4
RELATED INTERNET LINKS : US Fish and Wildlife Service
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites
The page you are trying to reach is unavailable at the moment .
Please check the status page to find out about any planned outages or maintenance work which is currently in progress .
If infrastructure status indicates that everything looks fine and you wish to report the issue to us , please contact GNOME Sysadmin .
( This is all the fault of a conversation withand .
) C : You are a paranoid schizophrenic who spends most of your time confused about which type you should be , convinced that blatantly false things are true because your extreme efficiency leaves no room for sensible error checking .
Moreover your terseness encourages people to interact with you badly , providing incomplete and ambiguous instructions for which you nevertheless come up with a legal interpretation , even though most of the time it is completely nonsensical .
People come to you because you promise them simplicity , not realising that below the surface you 're a rat 's nest of issues .
In the end you are always abandoned for someone like C++ or Python .
Python : Python cares deeply about you and does its best to make your life easier .
Python is willing to try new things to make you happy -- " Sure , I can do generators , if that 's what you want " -- and really does n't mind if you 're seeing other languages on the side .
It insists upon arranging the cupboard into strict rows , but you stop noticing after a while , and eventually you come to prefer your shelves organized this way .
Your friends think this is weird until they start dating Python too .
Ruby :
Your older sister is the most popular cheerleader in school , but she 's kind of a slut .
You think that maybe if you add more features , the boys will like you just as much .
PHP : You 've seen what works for Ruby and you think it will work for you too , but you have n't figured out that lipstick does n't go on your cheeks and you should n't brush your hair with a mascara wand .
C++ : C++ has seen people in love , and thinks it has everything figured out .
C++ thinks it loves you , but it errs on the side of being controlling when it thinks it 's being concerned and caring .
Ada :
You are far more flexible than C++ , and know how to be strict and forgiving at the same time .
However , your tendency to wear the bondage and discipline gear all the time , as opposed to when your lover asks you to bring it out , frightens people off .
You need to learn to stop calling people " worm " and " slave " in front of their mothers .
Java :
You try to be loving , but you were raised by a commune of 60 nervous women who have told you that everything you do is loving , even when it is n't .
Your unhelpful behaviors have never been corrected and everything you do is subtly wrong and destructive .
JSP : You are Java 's younger sister , working in a strip club to pay for your women 's studies degree .
Perl :
You 're incredibly enthusiastic and you have five different ways of doing anything that anyone could possibly want to do .
As a result , you tend to overwhelm people and you leave a bad impression on people who could otherwise benefit from knowing you .
You promise people answers to all their questions , but you 're not ready for a real relationship .
You like to guess what people want , but tend to jump to conclusions .
When other people would say " what , really ? " , you 've already gotten out a ball - peen hammer and a tub of beeswax .
Because of this , people find themselves speaking to you using a range of expressions and vocabulary even more limited than what they 'd use for someone who did n't speak the language at all .
Smalltalk : Smalltalk wo n't meet you outside Smalltalk 's apartment .
Smalltalk says that if you really loved it , you would n't leave .
OCaml :
You know yourself to be fast , smart , and extremely reliable .
However , you look kind of funny and nobody really wants to talk to you .
You spend most of your time sitting in a public library glaring at people , occasionally yelling " NOBODY HERE APPRECIATES MY GENIUS ! " and getting kicked out .
Prolog :
You are a deaf and blind synthaesthete , who experiences the world entirely through smells , each of which triggers expansive flurries of poetry and music in your mind .
Certain problems are trivial for you , but nobody will ever understand the answers you give them , because your numbering system involves colors that cannot be perceived by humans .
Prolog can sometimes have a good time with people , but it 's hard for a person to stay with someone who only wants them for their ochre vibrato .
Lisp : Lisp cares about you , but really loves itself more than it will ever love you .
Lisp thinks that it 's the world 's greatest lover , and it is a lot of fun , but it 's completely blind to its own inadequacies .
Watch out : it flies into a rage if it finds you 've been seeing C on the side .
Lisp swears up and down that it can be anything and anyone you want , and in a lot of ways it 's right , but in the end , it 's still Lisp .
Logo : Lisp 's adorable 7 - year - old niece who likes to play with her toy turtle .
On casual conversation , she proves to be disturbingly worldly and well - informed .
You resolve not to let your kids play around Lisp 's house .
Thinking about using Logo in any serious way makes you feel a bit dirty .
Visual Basic :
You 're a fifteen - year - old girl with her very own computer in her room , pinging random strangers on AIM and claiming to be a 23 - year - old girl who wants to cyber with them .
However , your efforts fail at convincing people , mostly because you are n't very imaginative and most of the things you 're promising them are ideas you ripped off from other sources and changed slightly , leaving them less believable .
ASP .NET : As above , except you 're a fifteen - year - old boy .
Objective C : You grew up in a cold and loveless home .
Everything you know about love , you learned by listening to Smalltalk and Lisp 's sex parties in the apartment next door .
Now you have met a sweet young thing named Darwin , and you are eager to please .
Dylan : Sombody sat Lisp down and told it it was too clingy .
Now it 's bipolar .
Twisted : Twisted Python not only loves you , it loves everyone , in 10 ms intervals , on demand .
But once you learn to take turns , you do n't notice the difference .E : E is very clear about its hard limits , and there are a lot of them .
It tells you up front what you 're not allowed to do , and sometimes you end up forgetting what you can do without pissing it off .
lex / yacc : lex and yacc are those twins you have a one - night stand with every couple of years .
In the intervening period , you forget all about the neat tricks they can do , and every time you meet up you end up learning them all over again .
But they 're really rather one - sided , and schizophrenic in the same way C is , so in the end it 's good that they 're not after you for a long - term relationship .
Haskell : Haskell is pretty , but always uses an elaborate range of prophylactic techniques .
By the time you 're all in place , the person you 're with no longer resembles Haskell .
If you 've had other lovers , Haskell does n't like many of the things that you may have come to enjoy doing with them .
Haskell will pretend never to have heard of these things , and call you a pervert .
SML / NJ : You cannot take anything away from a relationship with SML / NJ that you did not bring with you .
If you leave anything at SML / NJ 's apartment when you break up , SML / NJ will leave it on your doorstep without ringing the bell .
Assembler : Assembler has no limits -- none whatsoever -- but you have to make it do what you want .
It will not make a move to help you ; assembler just lies there .
FORTRAN : FORTRAN is n't a real relationship .
Telling people you 're happy with FORTRAN is like telling people you 'll be happy taking care of your cats for the rest of your life and do n't really need another person .
Oh no !
Just when I thought Sienna ’s ugly bather - and - dress outfit was just a one off , Paris Hilton does the look in red with a ugly terry towelling red skirt .
Somehow adding a Chanel bag and super cute black and white striped shoes and tying a belt around the waist does n’t help .
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Wednesday October 25 2006
In the report below , we said that Iran 's service providers had been told to restrict online speeds to " 128 kilobytes a second " .
That should have been 128 kilobits per second ( kbps ) .
Iran 's Islamic government has opened a new front in its drive to stifle domestic political dissent and combat the influence of western culture - by banning high - speed internet links .
In a blow to the country 's estimated 5 million internet users , service providers have been told to restrict online speeds to 128 kilobits per second ( kbps ) and been forbidden from offering fast broadband packages .
The move by Iran 's telecommunications regulator will make it more difficult to download foreign music , films and television programmes , which the authorities blame for undermining Islamic culture among the younger generation .
It will also impede efforts by political opposition groups to organise by uploading information on to the net .
The order follows a purge on illegal satellite dishes , which millions of Iranians use to clandestinely watch western television .
Police have seized thousands of dishes in recent months .
The latest step has drawn condemnation from MPs , internet service companies and academics , who say it will hamper Iran 's progress .
" Every country in the world is moving towards modernisation and a major element of this is high - speed internet access , " said Ramazan - ali Sedeghzadeh , chairman of the parliamentary telecommunications committee .
" The country needs it for development and access to contemporary science . "
Iran has not responded to a western incentive package that includes the offer of state - of - the - art internet technology in return for the suspension of a key part of the country 's nuclear programme .
A petition branding the high - speed ban as " backward and unprincipled " bearing more than 1,000 signatures is to be sent to President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Scores of websites and blogs are censored using hi-tech US - made filtering equipment .
Iran filters more websites than any other country apart from China .
High - speed links can be used with anti-filtering devices to access filtered sites .
The telecoms regulator declined to explain the decision but said it was taken by " a collection of policy - makers " .
However , Etemad , a pro-reformist newspaper , suggested it was part of an official campaign to stem a western " cultural invasion " .
" Unpleasant whispers are saying that the motivations behind the scenes are the same as those involved in the purging of satellite dishes , " the paper wrote .
Parastoo Dokoohaki , a prominent Iranian blogger , said the move was designed to foil the government 's opponents .
" If you want to announce a gathering in advance , you wo n't see it mentioned on official websites and newspapers would announce it too late .
Therefore , you upload it anonymously and put the information out .
Banning high - speed links would limit that facility .
Despite having the telecoms facilities , fibre - optic technology and internet infrastructure , the authorities want us to be undeveloped . "
The crackdown comes in an atmosphere of increasing restrictions on the media .
Last week , Mr Ahmadinejad launched a fierce attack on the head of the state broadcasting organisation , IRIB , which he blamed for stoking public fears about inflation .
Iran 's leading reformist newspaper , Shargh , was also closed last month .
What would the conservative media be saying if Limbaugh was sent a letter like this ?
The NY Post : " POWDER PUFF SPOOKS KEITH "
Keith Olbermann flipped out when he opened his home mail yesterday .
The acerbic host of " Countdown with Keith Olbermann " was terrified when he opened a suspicious - looking letter with a California postmark and a batch of white powder poured out .
A note inside warned Olbermann , who 's a frequent critic of President Bush 's policies , that it was payback for some of his on - air shtick .
The caustic commentator panicked and frantically called 911 at about 12:30 a.m. , sources told The Post 's Philip Messing .
An NYPD HazMat unit rushed to Olbermann 's pad on Central Park South , but preliminary tests indicated the substance was harmless soap powder .
However , that was n't enough to satisfy Olbermann , who insisted on a checkup .
He asked to be taken to St. Luke 's Hospital , where doctors looked him over and sent him home .
Whether they gave him a lollipop on the way out is n't known .
Olbermann had no comment .
You can be sure that it would be front page news for The Post with pictures of Limbaugh going to the hospital -- including interviews with the police and anyone one else they could find to make a statement .
Then there would be a tidal wave on FOX News - - you know the drill .
This is a new low for the right wing media of this country .
Since Keith did n't go public with the story , obviously he was doing what the police wanted and made sure not to cause a scene .
He took the correct measures to ensure his safety as anyone of us would .
It 's an outrage that in these times , a public figure would get a threatening letter and take it seriously , and then the right wing media would make a joke of it .
Paula Froelich only serves to encourage the wackos on so that they 'll continue this behavior .
What a total disgrace .
Here 's a public email if you want to send Paula your thoughts paula.froelich@nypost.com ( please show more class than Paula )
I wonder if Keith will be speaking out about this tonight ?
( update ) David Neiwert " Just in case the folks at the Post have forgotten , what they 're describing here -- sending threatening letters through the mail -- is a federal crime .
Not only that , but fake - anthrax letters are widely recognized to be a form of terrorism , since they clearly " piggyback " off of the still - unsolved anthrax attacks of 2001 Olbermann and the terrorists " ... read on " Oliver has more ...
Being able to read " nonverbal communication " body language is essential in business dealings .
Problem is , we usually interpret a smile or lack of eye contact through an emotional screen , not a scientific one .
Sometimes a smile is a sign of happiness and sometimes it 's a flash of contempt .
Here is what modern communications science has to say about the myths of body language .
by Nick Morgan
Most people call it " body language " the clues to the meaning and intent of communication from others that we get from gesture , facial expression , posture everything that is n't spoken .
The experts call it " nonverbal communication , " but it amounts to the same thing : a second source of human communication that is often more reliable or essential to understanding what is really going on than the words themselves .
Or is it ?
Accurate knowledge of body language is essential for success in interpersonal relations , whether in the business world or in personal life .
However , much of our understanding is instinctive and a good deal of it is wrong , according to modern communications research .
What follows are some of the hardier myths , and the reality behind them .
1 . A liar can't look you straight in the eye .
There is a persistent belief that people with shifty eyes are probably lying .
As Paul Ekman says in his classic work , Telling Lies : Clues to Deceit in the Marketplace , Politics , and Marriage , " When we asked people how they would tell if someone were lying , squirming and shifty eyes were the winners .
[ But ] clues that everyone knows about , that involve behavior that can be readily inhibited , wo n't be very reliable if the stakes are high and the liar does not want to be caught . "
Ekman goes on to argue against attributing too much meaning to such behavior for two reasons .
First of all , although this kind of nonverbal communication most reliably signals the presence of some kind of emotion , that emotion may or may not mean that someone is lying .
Nervousness can , for example , manifest itself as shifty eyes .
But there are many reasons for nervousness .
To understand what the behavior means , you still have to interpret the emotion .
Any eye contact that persists beyond a few seconds makes us nervous .
 Nick Morgan
Second , Ekman has found that one group in particular excels at making eye contact that appears very sincere : pathological liars .
Hence , it is not safe to rely on eye contact as a measure of sincerity or truthfulness .
2 . When meeting someone , the more eye contact , the better .
This long - held belief is the inverse of the idea that shifty - eyed people are liars .
The result is an unfortunate tendency for people making initial contactas in a job interview , for example to stare fixedly at the other human .
This behavior is just as likely to make the interviewer uncomfortable as not .
Most of us are comfortable with eye contact lasting a few seconds , but any eye contact that persists longer than that can make us nervous .
We assume that there is something else going on an attempt to initiate flirtatious behavior , perhaps .
Indeed , studies on flirting show that prolonged eye contact is an early step in the process .
3 . Putting your hands behind your back is a power gesture .
For years presentation coaches have taught people to put their hands behind their backs in what is sometimes called the " Prince Charles " stance , in the mistaken belief that the heir to the British throne is a good model for strong body language .
Since he 's a prince , the thinking goes , and he stands that way a lot , it must be powerful .
Actually , the research shows that most people find the gesture untrustworthy if we can't see what your hands are doing , we 're suspicious .
So if your goal is to increase trust in any given situation , do n't put your hands behind your back .
4. " Steepling " your fingers shows that you 're intellectual .
Again , this technique is one that has been taught by many speech coaches .
A good deal of research over the years correlates hand gestures toward the lower part of the face with thinking stroking the chin , propping the chin in the hand , putting a finger on the cheek .
If thinking is a sign of intellectualism , we should presumably be demonstrating this trait by indulging in a lot of hand - to - face contact .
The experts distinguish between " emblems , " which are gestures with specific meanings in certain cultures , and gestures , which are intended to assist meaning but lack specific content .
An example of an emblem is the hand sign that indicates " OK " in the United States .
The same emblem has an obscene meaning in some Mediterranean countries .
People smile for all sorts of reasons , only one of which is to signal happiness .
 Nick Morgan
An example of a gesture is the waving of hands we all indulge in when searching for a word .
Steepling falls somewhere in between ; it is a gesture without any specific meaning , but it is more deliberate than a mere waving of the hands .
The best that can be said about it is that it may signal intellectual pretensions on the part of the communicator !
5 . High - status people demonstrate their dominance of others by touching them .
Another widely accepted belief is that powerful people in society often menshow their dominance over others by touching them in a variety of ways .
In fact , the research shows that in almost all cases , lower - status people initiate touch .
And women initiate touch more often than men do .
In his bookStanley E. Jones describes a study of a public health organization : " The group studied was a detoxification clinic , a place where alcoholism is treated .
This was an ideal setting in which to study status , sex roles , and touching .
[ The ] findings showed two clear trends .
First , women on the average initiated more touches to men than vice versa .
Second , touching tended to flow upwards , not downwards , in the hierarchy . "
6 . People smile when they 're happy .
People smile for all sorts of reasons , only one of which is to signal happiness .
Ekman describes many kinds of smiles , from the " felt " or true smile to the fear smile , the contempt smile , the dampened smile , the miserable smile , and a number of others .
Daniel McNeill , author of The Face : A Natural History , says , " Smiling is innate and appears in infants almost from birth ....
The first smiles appear two to twelve hours after birth and seem void of content .
Infants simply issue them , and they help parents bond .
We respond ; they do n't know what they 're doing .
The second phase of smiling begins sometime between the fifth week and fourth month .
It is the " social smile , " in which the infant smiles while fixing its gaze on a person 's face . "
Whatever their origin or motivation , smiles have a powerful effect on us humans .
As McNeill points out , " Though courtroom judges are equally likely to find smilers and nonsmilers guilty , they give smilers lighter penalties , a phenomenon called the ' smile - leniency effect . ' "
7. Voices rise when speakers are angry .
Again , nonverbal communication reliably signals the presence of emotion , but not the specific emotion .
A rising voice is associated with a variety of emotions , including anger , but also nervousness , fear , excitement , hysteria , and others .
You must always consider the communicator and the context carefully .
Experts like Ekman warn that unless you have a good understanding of someone 's basic communication patterns , you will have little hope in accurately deciphering the person 's less routine signals .
In the end , body language conveys important but unreliable clues .
 Nick Morgan
" The best - documented vocal sign of emotion is pitch , " says Ekman .
And yet he also says , " While most of us believe that the sound of the voice tells us what emotion a person feels , scientists studying the voice are still not certain . "
8 . You can't trust a fast - talking salesman .
The belief that speed and deception go together is a widespread and enduring one .
From the rapid patter of Professor Hill in The Music Man to the absurdly fast speech of the FedEx guy in the TV commercial from a few years back , we react strongly and suspiciously to fast talk .
People talk at an average rate of 125 to 225 words per minute ; at the upper end of that range listeners typically find themselves beginning to resist the speaker .
However , as Ekman says , the opposite is greater cause for suspicion .
Speech that is slow , because it is laced with pauses , is a more reliable indicator of deception than the opposite .
" The most common vocal deception clues are pauses , " says Ekman .
" The pauses may be too long or too frequent .
Hesitating at the start of a speaking turn , particularly if the hesitation occurs when someone is responding to a question , may arouse suspicion .
So may shorter pauses during the course of speaking if they occur often enough .
Speech errors may also be a deception clue .
These include nonwords , such as ' ah , ' ' aaa , ' and ' uhh ' ; repetitions , such as 'I , I , I mean I really ...' ; and partial words , such as  I rea-really liked it . '
" These vocal clues to deceit speech errors and pauses can occur for two related reasons .
The liar may not have worked out her line ahead of time .
If she did not expect to lie , or if she was prepared to lie but did n't anticipate a particular question , she may hesitate or make speech errors .
But these can also occur when the line is well prepared .
High detection apprehension may cause the prepared liar to stumble or forget her line . "
Most of the research into nonverbal communications shows that people are not very good at masking their feelings .
Emotions do leak out regularly , in many ways .
And yet , the research also shows that most of us are not as good at decoding those emotions as we would like to think .
Young people are significantly worse at both signaling emotions and reading them .
Although we do learn as we grow older , we should remain wary ; in the end , body language conveys important but unreliable clues about the intent of the communicator .
The more information you can get about the clues you are trying to decode , the more likely you will be to decode them correctly .
Greenpeace divers were inspecting Tubbataha 's reefs for damage
Their flagship Rainbow Warrior II ran aground at Tubbataha Reef Marine Park , in the Sulu Sea , 650 km ( 400 miles ) south - east of Manila .
Park officials said almost 100 sq m ( 1,076 sq ft ) of reef had been damaged .
Greenpeace agreed to pay the fine , but blamed the accident on outdated maps provided by the Philippines government .
" The chart indicated we were a mile and a half " from the coral reef when the ship ran aground , regional Greenpeace official Red Constantino told AFP news agency .
" This accident could have been avoided if the chart was accurate , " he said , adding , however , that Greenpeace felt " responsible " for the damage .
' Immediate action '
The accident happened while the Rainbow Warrior was on a four - month tour of the Asia - Pacific region to promote environmentally - friendly energy sources .
Greenpeace divers were at the Tubbataha park , off the coast of Palawan island , to inspect the effect of global warming on the coral reef .
The Rainbow Warrior escaped serious damage
The Rainbow Warrior II escaped serious damage and was towed into deeper water by its own rubber boats .
Tubbataha park manager , Angelique Songco , praised the work Greenpeace was doing to protect the environment .
" We also appreciate the immediate action they took to get the full assessment of the damage , " she said .
If you visit Slashcode.com you will notice that it is now running a brand spanking new CSS template designed by OSTGs Wes Moran and implemented by Tim Vroom and the rest of Slashteam .
As some of you are aware , Slashcode.com is a testbed for Slashdot 's code development .
It gets features a few days before Slashdot so we can test the code on a live site .
Of course the site is virtually unused , but that 's not really the point for us .
It 's more about making sure the stuff actually
Which is where you come in .
If you know a thing or two about CSS and web design , I 'd appreciate a look at the site .
You can email me if you have specific feedback , comments , criticism .
I 'd especially like it if people logged in and played with that .
You 'll notice that a lot of form elements look different .
Some intentionally .
Some because we have n't actually got around to creating CSS stylesheet entries for the dozens of custom things out there .
Also , the comment code itself is completely unchanged .
The display of forums will remain pretty much icky old HTML until we either ( A ) Rewrite the engine ( which is planned , but a big project or ( B ) Someone submits a patch that does it for us .
So if you want your chance to get your name in lights on Slashdot , this is a project worth considering .
There 's a mailing list and a CVS server .
What are you waiting for ?
The Slashdot CSS theme itself is well underway - the core HTML you see on www.slashcode.com is almost exactly what will be on Slashdot itself , we just need to finish a few parts , fix a few bugs , and work finish the Slashdot Stylesheet .
We 're looking to have that done in the next few weeks , although actually deploying it on Slashdot itself is a pretty huge project .
I want to do it in august since it 's usually really quiet , and we have a lot of data that needs to be converted in addition to the actualy site templates .
Pudge has been working a lot on that problem .
Specifically we 've got scripts to fix HTML in all editor & user contributed content spaces .
A lot of this is under way already .
Old comments are being automatically fixed in the background .
HTML in articles from 1998 is being corrected .
Scripts are working very hard .
And in some cases , tired editors have been re-reading stories from 1998 to correct HTML errors that boggle the mind .
None of this is perfect , so do n't be to surprised if you find something wonky .
Feel free to mail me URLs if you see it .
We 've got almost 60,000 articles , 900,000 users , and like 13 million comments .
There will be mistakes .
Lastly , once Slashdot has successfully been ported to CSS , we 'll have a lot more design flexibility .
I expect that soon after we 'll actually be ready to give the tired old design a facelift .
If anyone has ideas , you can start playing with designs today by simply modifying www.slashcode.com's CSS stylesheet .
my guess is we 'll have a contest similiar to the T - Shirt contest we ran awhile back - users can contribute designs and I 'll select from the best a new look for Slashdot .
I 'm really looking forward to that .
I 'll miss having Slashdot be " My " design , but the site still looks like 1997 and it's time for new life to go with fancy new web technology .
Also , my rogue hit 60 in WoW a few days ago .
I also made my Volcanic armor set and have a few nifty other items w/ high fire resist .
Now to get attuned and visit that toasty place known as Molten Core !
And somehow save another 400 gp for my epic mount .
There 's just no end to this game .
Warning :
The content of this article may be out of date .
Preamble
Mozilla has configurable , downloadable chrome , meaning that the arrangement and even presence or absence of controls in the main window is not hardwired into the application , but loaded from a separate UI description .
In fact , most of Mozilla 's windows ( and dialogs ) will be described using this mechanism .
XUL ( pronounced " zool , " as if that spelling helped any , and short for " XML User Interface Language " ) is our name for the language in which these UI descriptions are built .
Window chrome is displayed and managed by the same layout engine that manages HTML content in the browser .
UI descriptions , then , look a great deal like HTML 4 . XUL is an application of XML .
In fact , it is just XML with specific meaning defined for a few element types , and into which HTML can be scattered .
Terms
" XPFE " is the term Mozilla - the - organization is using to describe Mozilla - the - browser 's Cross Platform Front End , because X and C look similar if you beat them long and hard with a hammer .
The intention is to build cross-platform applications like browsers and mail clients from a set of tools designed for that purpose .
The intention is not to implement a generic cross-platform application framework .
That 's been done , and is a great deal of work .
We intend to provide a subset of cross- platform functionality suitable for building network applications like browsers , leveraging the cross- platform functionality already built into Gecko , Mozilla 's HTML layout engine .
The term " cross- platform UI " is somewhat misleading .
UI designers will be able to create UI descriptions which will work on multiple platforms .
But proper UI descriptions which take into account various platforms ' differing ideas about proper placement of such things as dialog buttons will require some platform - specific work .
A single XUL specification can only cross-platform to a degree .
UI designers and build engineers will need to maintain separate , platform - specific versions of at least some XUL documents .
" XPToolkit " is rather synonymous with XPFE .
Though the former term seems more concrete than the other , and therefore is not an exact replacement , no one is completely certain why we have both .
" XUL " already introduced , is an application of XML used to describe the layout of most windows in the Mozilla browser , including and especially the main , browser window .
Scope
This paper makes no attempt to explain requirements .
We do n't have a current " requirements " document .
XPToolkit Architecture is a better place to gain an understanding of such things .
This paper contains a short introduction to Mozilla front - end architecture , concentrating on the task of building UIs .
It is , as always , incomplete .
Mozilla applications will be built of " small " components like dialog buttons and mail inbox folders , which we collectively term " widgets . "
Within a widget , drawing and user interactions are completely under control of the individual widget , and set when the widget was built .
Relative placement of widgets , their interactions with each other , and optionally some of their configuration , will be controlled by a UI layout specified in a script whose structure is defined in this and related documents .
Widgets are pieces of the application largely self - contained , generally corresponding to a rectangle of window real estate .
Widgets will generally live grouped in separate , dynamically loaded libraries .
A widget may expect to own a piece of a window ( a toolbar or toolbar set ) , or it may be expected to work within or without a window ( menubars , depending on the platform ) .
It may not be a part of the application UI at all .
Widgets will have predefined behaviour , set at compilation .
Buttons will respond to the mouse ; toolbars will act as containers for buttons .
The effect a widget will have on its application will be defined as a combination of predefined application behaviour and linkage between the widgets .
This linkage can be accomplished by including JavaScript in the XUL , or by application code which walks the content model after it has been built from XUL , and hooks up event listeners .
Generally a real application will use some combination of the two .
Applications , for instance , will have preconceived notions of what to do when they receive an " open file " command .
An " open " button is simply a button .
It will send its command to the application for processing , generally using some simple JavaScript for linkage .
We are at first primarily concerned with the obvious UI components : toolbars , menus and dialogs .
Conceptually , the XUL language will allow someone with a text editor , given a package of components which can work together , the ability to put together an application by specifying something like this ( for an application on an OS using menubars across the top of its applications ' windows ) :
main window containing menubar area at top across width of window containing menubar ( and its contents ) toolbar area below menubar across width of window containing main toolbar ( and its contents ) application - specific content area below toolbar area
Structure of a XUL File
Our language of choice is XML , flavoured with CSS stylistic information .
Having said that , the details of a particular application of XML ; say , the syntax for specifying a toolbar , are left to separate documents describing those particular applications .
Check the XPToolkit index for the most recent list .
Since XUL is a language for describing window layout , there is some overlap in the topics covered by this document and a separate document describing XUL windows .
The task of writing a XUL window description is basically the same as the task of writing an HTML content description , with these exceptions : the syntax is XML ( not that different from HTML 4 ) , and there are some elements unique to XUL .
These elements are widgets and certain infrastructure associated with the behaviour of the window , explained below .
Most of the details of writing a XUL document are identical to those for writing an XML document , a description of which we will leave to other excellent XML documentation which we assume must exist but have never seen .
This document will concentrate on XUL - specific features .
A Word on Case and Namespaces , and Filetypes
XML is of course case sensitive .
XUL is equally so .
Our current code tends not to be strict about enforcing this , especially for tags and attributes in the HTML namespace .
This will change : tags and attributes will , as a rule , always be lower case as suggested in the XHTML Working Draft .
Mozilla gives a special meaning to XUL files ; it expects to find UI descriptions within .
For this reason , we 've defined a MIME type " text / xul " mapped to files with the extension " .xul " .
( For standards purposes , we will probably need to change the the mime type to something like " text / x-xul " . )
These files are processed using the same parser as " text / xml " files ( and therefore subject to XML syntax rules , as they should be ) .
It 's possible to load a XUL document from an XML file ( one named *.xml ) .
The resulting UI will be created using an XML content model .
A XUL content model is generated from *.xul files .
XML documents support the basic DOM Level 1 Core APIs .
XUL documents support an extended set , much as HTML documents support DOM Level 1 HTML APIs .
Mozilla 's XUL content models also support nifty features like local / remote merging ; see the XUL and RDF document for details .
In general , you will want to store XUL in *.xul files .
A XUL file can contain XML elements and HTML elements , as well as special elements unique to XUL : XUL elements .
Namespace declarations for XUL ( and HTML , if HTML elements are used ) must be included in the file .
Namespaces must be treated carefully .
Correct namespace usage dictates that the namespace be used only for the tag , not in individual attributes .
Rare exceptions to this rule are bugs .
XUL File Preamble
XUL is XML , and a good XUL file begins with the standard XML version and DOCTYPE statements .
Since XML has no implicit display semantics , there must always be associated stylesheets .
Mozilla includes a standard stylesheet , " xul.css " .
You can load as many style sheets as you wish using repeated processing directives , although you should always make sure to load the xul.css file initially .
And finally , any namespaces used in the document must be declared .
So a XUL file will begin
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
<?xml-stylesheet href= " chrome://global/skin/xul.css " type =" text/css " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE window > < window xmlns:html= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xmlns= " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " >
The HTML namespace is of course the standard one .
The XUL namespace is obviously a temporary one , but at least serves to explain the pronunciation .
Note that the above example is using an implicit XUL namespace .
This is optional ; other examples in this document will on occasion belabor the namespace issue by declaring each use explicitly .
The chrome protocol is another Mozilla extension allowing the exact location of files involved in the chrome description to be moved without affecting the XUL source .
So it 's just an indirection .
Someday , there will be a complete description of this mechanism at packages , but for now there 's a good but somewhat out of date document at Configurable Chrome available for more information .
Scripting
A XUL interface is only a collection of disconnected widgets until it has been programmed .
" Programming " can be as simple as some JavaScript to tie the widgets together and perhaps to give them extra functionality , or as complex as application ( C++ ) code which is free to do ... anything .
This paper will concentrate on JavaScript , deeming application programming to be beyond its scope .
JavaScript
XUL can contain HTML content , including JavaScript .
JavaScript functions may be added in a fashion similar to HTML .
There is no < head > section of a XUL file , so script is just mixed in with the other content , delimited by a script element in the HTML namespace .
< html:script type=" application / javascript " > // dialog initialization code function InitWindow ( ) { var checkbox = document.getElementById(" remember " ) ; if ( checkbox ) checkbox .
checked = true ; } </html:script >
JavaScript can be referenced as in HTML documents : as onClick handlers and the like .
See individual widget documentation referenced at the index for a list of attributes accepting JavaScript values .
JavaScript is most safely kept in a separate file and included in the XUL file
< html:script language= " javascript " src=" our.js " / >
or relegated to the contents of a CDATA section , to prevent the XML parser from choking on JavaScript which may look like XML content ( a < character , for instance . )
< html:script type=" application / javascript " > <![ CDATA [ function lesser ( a , b ) { return a < b ? a : b ; } ] ] > </html:script>
JavaScript Extensions
Mozilla has found it necessary to make a few extensions to JavaScript , to support new features not conceived of in a strictly browser environment .
These are currently nonstandard , of course , and subject to change for now .
Individual extensions are described in individual documents dedicated to the features requiring the extensions .
DOM Extensions
Since XUL is not the same thing as HTML , while XUL documents will support the DOM Level 1 Core API , they will not support the DOM Level 1 HTML API .
However , Mozilla supports extended DOM functionality for the XUL content model , patterned after the HTML extensions .
At this time these additional DOM methods are available , though the code is of course the most accurate place to look for this information .
These interfaces can be found in the directory mozilla / rdf / content / public / idl .
XULDocument
XULDocument extends Document in a fashion similar to HTMLDocument 's extension
interface XULDocument : Document { Element getElementById( in DOMString id ) ; NodeList getElementsByAttribute ( in DOMString name , in DOMString value ) ; } ;
getElementById works like HTML's getElementById .
getElementsByAttribute returns a list of Elements for which the named attribute has the given value .
A value of " * " is a wildcard signifying all elements with the attribute .
XULElement
XULElement extends Element .
interface XULElement : Element { NodeList getElementsByAttribute( in DOMString name , in DOMString value ) ; } ;
getElementsByAttribute functions as does its namesake in XULDocument , though this version returns only those elements which match the criteria and are descendants ( in CSS selector terminology ) of the given element .
XULElement also supports other methods for hooking up broadcasters ; a function performed automatically by the XUL document loader and therefore not normally used in JavaScript .
XUL Elements
As mentioned above , a XUL file is mostly an HTML file with XML syntax .
A XUL file may contain nothing but HTML elements and be completely functional .
But XUL defines several element types unique to itself , which add functionality to the window .
Widgets
Widgets are generally objects like form controls : buttons , text boxes , tree controls and the like .
A window can just as easily contain HTML form elements ( using the html namespace ) like any HTML content ( though there is no need to put them within a FORM element ) .
In fact , XUL largely uses extant widgets from HTML , with a few extensions and additions .
Each widget will define a unique XML syntax for describing itself ; see the widget documentation referenced at the index for details .
Other Infrastructure
Widgets may have JavaScript event handlers just as in HTML , and are tied together using JavaScript and broadcaster nodes .
Broadcaster nodes are declared as < broadcaster > elements in the XUL description , and are involved with the communication of changes of state between widgets .
A widget or several widgets can arrange to have the value of one of their attributes be tied to a broadcaster node .
This tie is defined within the XUL :
< xul : window xmlns= " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " >
< broadcaster id=" canGoBack " /> < titledbutton src=" resource:/res/toolbar/TB_Back.gif " align= " bottom " value= " Back " onclick = " BrowserBack ( ) " > < observes element=" canGoBack " attribute = " disabled " /> </titledbutton > </ window >
But it is up to the application code to locate the broadcasters within a window so it can punch them when necessary .
Broadcasters can broadcast any change of state , which can be tied to the value of any attribute in another XUL widget .
For more complete documentation , see Broadcasters and Observers .
An Example Window
Below is a complete sample XUL document that describes a window with a menu bar and an HTML content area .
The menu bar has a menu , File , with a single menu item that dumps " Hello world ! " to the debug console when selected .
The content area will display the contents of the file contentframe .
html .
This code introduces several concepts useful for creating real world windows not explicitly covered in this document .
Follow the links for details .
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
<?xml-stylesheet href= " chrome://global/skin/xul.css " type =" text/css " ?>
<!
DOCTYPE window > < window id =" main - window " xmlns: html = " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " xmlns= " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " > < menubar > < menu label= " File " > < menupopup > < menuitem label= " Hello World ! " onclick = " alert ( ' Hello world !
' ) ; " /> </menupopup > </ menu > </menubar > < html:iframe id=" content- frame " src=" contentframe.html " flex = " 100 % " /> </window >
The beginning of this example , down through the window tag , is the standard preamble .
Notice that the example window tag has an id attached to it .
Strictly speaking , that is unnecessary for this example .
However in practice , most nodes in XUL have these identifiers , which enable the nodes to be retrieved easily using the AOM 's getElement By Id method .
Identifiers are also useful for CSS , since rules can be applied to individual elements in XUL using the same # syntax that is possible for HTML elements .
# main - window { display : block ; width : 100 % ; height : 100 % ; }
For example , the above style rule would apply to the main window and dictates that the window should consume the full width and height available to it in a content area .
The next element in the example declares the menubar .
The menubar contains a single menu called " File " .
This menu contains a single menu item that has a simple JavaScript onclick handler attached to it .
This handler fires when the menu is selected by the user , and it dumps the text " Hello world ! " to the debug console .
( See Menu Bars and Menus for details . )
Finally there is an HTML iframe .
Note that the frame is qualified with the prefix html : , since it is an HTML object being used inside a default XUL namespace .
The frame also has a special attribute called flex , which indicates how much the frame is allowed to stretch to consume available space inside its window .
( See The Box System for details ) .
Idealistic Future Direction
Ideally , packages of XUL UI descriptions could be shipped in a single file something like
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?> <? xml -stylesheet href= " xul.css " type =" text/css " ? > <! DOCTYPE package > < package xmlns= " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " > < window id =" main " > ... </ window > < window id =" help " > ... </ window > </ package >
And a window ( or other service ) could be instantiated by first parsing the whole package and then picking out a window from its contents
Package * package = LoadPackage ( " http://xxx/package.xul " ) ; InstantiateWindow ( package , GetNodeWithID ( " main " ) ;
This happy scheme does n't work today , because the code expects the result of parsing an XML document to be a window .
So currently , a single XUL file must contain a single window .
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?> <? xml -stylesheet href= " xul.css " type =" text/css " ? >
<!
DOCTYPE window > < window xmlns= " http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul " > ... </ window >
We would like to head more toward the " package " implementation in the future .
Internationalization
For practical reasons , the locale - specific attributes of a UI description would be most happily developed ( and possibly distributed ) in separate files , where localization can be performed by altering only a subset of the UI description devoted expressly to localization issues .
That is , a separate file of localized strings .
Internationalization is discussed more completely in the XUL Coding Style Guidelines document .
In brief , Mozilla has settled on XML entities as the mechanism .
Entities are a feature of the language and therefore outside the scope of this paper .
A XUL file can be made localizeable very easily by substituting entities for any content which may change as the locale changes .
The localized text must be defined in a separate DTD or DTD fragment .
The whole system is then configured with different locale - specific DTDs , and the correct DTD will be chosen for a given XML file at runtime , depending on the current locale settings .
Mozilla will make that decision automatically if the localized XML file specifies its DTD using a chrome URL , as outlined in XUL Localizability Issues .
From a law enforcement point of view , digital communication is a two - edged sword .
On the one hand , it allows for the simple collection , sorting , and processing of massive amounts of information ( such as in the FBI 's Carnivore system ) , but on the other hand , it is much easier for users to encrypt their communications with almost unbreakable codes .
Now that VoIP calls are becoming commonplace , governments around the world are struggling to adapt to the new technology , and Skype has found itself under extra scrutiny .
The reason is that Skype uses 256 - bit , industry - standard AES encryption that is nearly impossible to break without the key .
The Skype privacy FAQ explains the system this way :
" Skype uses AES ( Advanced Encryption Standard ) - also known as Rijndael - which is also used by U.S. Government organizations to protect sensitive , information .
Skype uses 256 - bit encryption , which has a total of 1.1 x 10^77 possible keys , in order to actively encrypt the data in each Skype call or instant message .
Skype uses 1024 bit RSA to negotiate symmetric AES keys .
User public keys are certified by the Skype server at login using 1536 or 2048 - bit RSA certificates . "
All Skype traffic is automatically encrypted end - to - end without requiring any user intervention , and this encryption is posing a problem to authorities who need ( or want ) to listen in on conversations .
Skype executives state that their software is free of all backdoors , and a security researcher who saw some ( but not all ) of the code agrees .
Still , the company claims that it " cooperates fully with all lawful requests from relevant authorities , " which may mean that they turn over keys to governments upon request .
The call can also be tapped once it leaves the Skype system and enters the normal telephone network , so calls to a landline are inherently insecure .
Still , strong AES encryption is enough to defeat real - time surveillance of telephone calls of the kind possibly used by the NSA .
That does n't mean that nothing can be gleaned from watching the traffic , which can be used to identify who the call is routed to and how long it lasts , but it does mean the contents of the call remain secure .
Rather than being a new issue for law enforcement , though , this is actually just a new version of an old problem : how to access encrypted data on a suspect 's computer ?
Encryption algorithms have been good enough for some time to prevent all but the most determined brute force attacks , but there are obviously other ways of solving the problem .
For the FBI , keyloggers are a popular choice ; they obviate the need for backdoors or for sophisticated computer solutions .
They simply steal the password .
The same ( metaphorical ) approach may give them access to Skype calls ; rather than breaking the encryption , they simply grab the key and decrypt the data .
The FCC ruled last year that VoIP providers need to offer backdoors into their systems for wiretapping reasons , but Skype is n't based in the US and so is not subject to the rule .
It is subject to the EU 's new Data Retention Directive , though , which may require them to retain call logs and decryption keys for a period of time .
If so , real - time monitoring of Skype calls would still be out , but after - the - fact review of recorded calls from people of interest might well be possible for the government .
TAP TO CALL US NOW ( 305 ) 224-6869
" We thought he was mad , but he had a lot of money and wanted us to find out what was going on , " Fitzpatrick recalls .
Over the next months , Fitzpatrick carried out an exhaustive study of soya and its effects .
" We discovered quite quickly , " he recalls , " that soya contains toxins and plant oestrogens powerful enough to disrupt women 's menstrual cycles in experiments .
It also appeared damaging to the thyroid . "
James 's lobbying eventually forced governments to investigate .
In 2002 , the British government 's expert committee on the toxicity of food ( CoT ) published the results of its inquiry into the safety of plant oestrogens , mainly from soya proteins , in modern food .
It concluded that in general the health benefits claimed for soya were not supported by clear evidence and judged that there could be risks from high levels of consumption for certain age groups .
Yet little has happened to curb soya 's growth since .
More than 60 % of all processed food in Britain today contains soya in some form , according to food industry estimates .
It is in breakfast cereals , cereal bars and biscuits , cheeses , cakes , dairy desserts , gravies , noodles , pastries , soups , sausage casings , sauces and sandwich spreads .
Soya , crushed , separated and refined into its different parts , can appear on food labels as soya flour , hydrolysed vegetable protein , soy protein isolate , protein concentrate , textured vegetable protein , vegetable oil ( simple , fully , or partially hydrogenated ) , plant sterols , or the emulsifier lecithin .
Its many guises hint at its value to manufacturers .
Soya increases the protein content of processed meat products .
It replaces them altogether in vegetarian foods .
It stops industrial breads shrinking .
It makes cakes hold on to their water .
It helps manufacturers mix water into oil .
Hydrogenated , its oil is used to deep - fry fast food .
Soya is also in cat food and dog food .
But above all it is used in agricultural feeds for intensive chicken , beef , dairy , pig and fish farming .
Soya protein - which accounts for 35 % of the raw bean - is what has made the global factory farming of livestock for cheap meat a possibility .
Soya oil - high in omega 6 fatty acids and 18 % of the whole bean - has meanwhile driven the postwar explosion in snack foods around the world .
Crisps , confectionery , deep - fried take - aways , ready meals , ice - creams , mayonnaise and margarines all make liberal use of it .
Its widespread presence is one of the reasons our balance of omega 3 to omega 6 essential fatty acids is so out of kilter .
You may think that when you order a skinny soya latte , you are choosing a commodity blessed with an unadulterated aura of health .
But soya today is in fact associated with patterns of food consumption that have been linked to diet - related diseases .
And 50 years ago it was not eaten in the west in any quantity .
In 1965 , the earliest year for which the Chicago Board of Trade keeps figures , global soya bean production was just 30 m tonnes .
By 2005 , the world was consuming nine times that a year , at 270 m tonnes .
World soya oil production , meanwhile , has increased sevenfold over the same period , from 5 m tonnes to 34 m tonnes a year .
To feed demand , new agricultural frontiers are being opened up in Brazil , where large areas of virgin rainforest have been illegally felled to make room for the crop .
US - based transnationals are now exporting soya back to China , the country from which it originated , as newly urbanised Chinese switch to industrialised western diets .
Thanks to US agribusiness , we have developed an apparently insatiable global appetite for the bean produced by farmers in the Americas .
James and Fitzpatrick became convinced early on that this entirely new dependence on soya was , in fact , a dangerous experiment .
The dead parrots were no joke - they were the canaries in the coalmine .
For James and his wife Valerie , breeding the exotic birds down under was a retirement dream .
They wanted to feed their young birds the best , so they began giving the chicks a soya feed .
Parrots do not eat soya beans in the wild but the high - protein animal feed had been marketed in the US as a new miracle food .
The result was a catastrophic breeding year .
Some of the birds were infertile ; many died .
Other young male birds aged prematurely or reached puberty years early .
" We realised there was some sort of hormonal disruption going on but we 'd eliminated other possible hormone disrupting chemicals such as pesticides from the inquiry , " Fitzpatrick says .
So the toxicologist began a systematic review of the scientific literature on soya .
After finding out about the plant oestrogens in soya , Fitzpatrick says , " My next thought was : what about children who are fed soya milk ? "
He calculated that babies fed exclusively on soya formula could receive the oestrogenic equivalent , based on body weight , of five birth control pills a day .
In fact , it had been known since the early 1980s that plant oestrogens , or phyto - oestrogens , could produce biological effects in humans .
The most common of these were a group of compounds in soya protein called isoflavones .
Food manufacturers had variously marketed soya foods as an antidote to menopausal hot flushes and osteoporosis , and as a protective ingredient against cardiovascular disease and hormone - related cancers .
Large quantities of mainly industry - sponsored scientific research have been produced to back up these claims .
The American soya industry spends about $ 80 m every year , raised from a mandatory levy on producers , to research and promote the consumption of soya around the world .
The rash of new soya foods can be seen as the latest in a line of innovative ways devised to use soya .
The hypothesis behind the health claims is that rates of heart disease and certain cancers such as breast and prostate cancer are lower in east Asian populations with soya - rich diets than in western countries , and that the oestrogens in soya might therefore have a protective effect .
Fitzpatrick , however , looked into historic soya consumption in Japan and China and concluded that Asians did not actually eat that much .
What they did eat tended to have been fermented for months .
" If you look at people who are into health fads here , they are eating soya steaks and veggie burgers or veggie sausages and drinking soya milk - they are getting over 100g a day .
They are eating tonnes of the raw stuff . "
Mass exposure to isoflavones in the west has only occurred in the past 30 years due to the widespread incorporation of soya protein into processed foods , a fact noted by the Royal Society in its expert report on Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals in 2000 .
When the independent experts on the scientific committee on toxicity trawled through all the scientific data , they concluded that soya milk should not be recommended for infants even when they had cow 's milk allergies , except on medical advice , because of the high levels of oestrogenic isoflavones it contains .
On breast cancer , they decided that " despite the suggested benefits of phyto - oestrogens in lowering risk of developing breast cancer , there is also evidence that they may stimulate the progression of the disease " .
The lower risk of certain cancers among Asian populations might be due to other factors - their high consumption of fish , for example .
They advised caution .
On the effects on menopause symptoms , the evidence was inconclusive , the experts ruled .
On bone density , the committee thought there might be some protective effects , but the data was unclear .
The evidence on prostate cancer was mixed .
Since isoflavones cross the placenta , the implications of pregnant women eating large quantities of soya were unclear .
There was some evidence that soya - based products had a beneficial effect on the good HDL cholesterol but they were not sure that was down to the isoflavones .
On the other hand - reassuringly - they judged that a study linking soya consumption to decline in cognitive function was not convincing .
What the committee also pointed out was that the way soya was processed affected the levels of phyto - oestrogens .
Traditional fermentation reduces the levels of isoflavones two- to threefold .
Modern factory processes do not .
Moreover , modern American strains of soya have significantly higher levels of isoflavones than Japanese or Chinese ones because they have been bred to be more resistant to pests .
( One way to tackle pests is to stop them breeding by making them infertile .
It turns out that unfermented soya did play one role in traditional Asian diets - it was eaten by monks to dampen down their libido . )
Sue Dibb , now food policy expert at the National Consumer Council , was a member of the CoT working group that compiled the final report .
She questions whether infant soya milk should still be on public sale and is troubled by the latest marketing of soya .
" We looked in detail at the claimed health benefits for adults for soya consumption and concluded there was not sufficient evidence to support many of them .
There may be benefits but there are also risks .
The groups of adults of particular concern are those with a thyroid problem and women with oestrogen - dependent breast cancer .
It worries me that soya is being pushed as a health food by a big soya and supplements industry .
We ought to be taking a more cautious approach . "
The Food Standards Agency advice is that soya 's potential to have an adverse effect on babies ' hormonal development is still controversial , but that soya formula should only be given to infants under 12 months old in exceptional circumstances .
Professor Richard Sharpe , head of the Medical Research Council 's human reproductive sciences unit at Edinburgh University , was also a member of the committee 's working group on phyto - oestrogens in food .
He has been studying the decline in male fertility in the past half - century .
He recently completed studies on the effects of soya milk on young male monkeys which showed that it interferes with testosterone levels .
" In the first three months after birth , baby boys have a neonatal testosterone rise .
The testes are very , very active in hormone production at this point and there is a lot of cell activity going on that will determine sperm count in adults and will affect the developing prostate .
If you introduce a phyto - oestrogen , which can , in large amounts , alter these changes , you may predispose children to later disease .
Soya formula milk is a [ recent ] western invention .
There is not the historical evidence to show it is safe . "
Manufacturers , however , argue that soya infant formula has been widely used without problems .
" The industry has said that if the CoT comes up with clear science , we will take note , but the case is not proven , " says Roger Clarke , director general of the industry 's Infant Dietetics Food Association .
" A lot of the work it looked at was based on experimental work with animals .
There does not seem to be clear evidence of adverse effects , and there is demand for it .
There are some markets , such as vegan usage , where soya is the only alternative . "
While 30 - 40 % of all infants in the US are raised on soya formula - not least because it is given away in welfare programmes - soya milk for babies has always been confined to a small minority in the UK .
So does Sharpe think exposure to soya from other sources - vegetarian soya proteins , the soya flour in factory bread , the hydrolysed proteins added as flavourings , for example - has a cumulative effect that might be worrying to other age groups ?
He says he is not concerned about people who eat soya foods in moderation or in the way they are traditionally used in oriental diets , but when it comes to modern processed foods , which use soya proteins in different ways , he prefers to turn the question round .
" If someone said they were adding a hormone to your foods , would you be happy with that ?
There may be lots of effects , some of them may be beneficial , but would you be happy with that ?
I am not a fan of processed foods , full stop .
And these quick fixes for protecting against ill - health - you know they can't be true , " he adds .
A steaming hiss fills the kitchen of the top London restaurant Nobu , even after the lunchtime rush .
Japanese chefs are filleting the evening 's fish while stock bubbles and concentrates in its stainless steel vat behind .
Executive chef Mark Edwards hands me a teaspoon of one of his soy sauces .
Cool from the fridge , it is thick , rich , dark and sweet , yet remarkably clear from its long fermentation .
The miso that he uses to marinade his famous black cod for three days is dense and strong from its lengthy brew too .
Muslin cloths envelop delicate curds of tofu , made fresh each day and added in small cubes to miso soup .
Soya is used in traditional oriental diets in these forms , after cultures , moulds or precipitants have achieved a biochemical transformation , because in its raw form the mature bean is known not only for its oestrogenic qualities but for also its antinutrients , according to the clinical nutritionist Kaayla Daniel , author of The Whole Soy Story .
Soya was originally grown in China as a green manure , for its ability to fix nitrogen in the soil , rather than as a food crop , until the Chinese discovered ways of fermenting it , she says .
The young green beans , now sold as a fashionable snack , edamame , are lower in oestrogens and antinutrients , though not free of them .
But raw mature soya beans contain phytates that prevent mineral absorption and enzyme inhibitors that block the key enzymes we need to digest protein .
They are also famous for inducing flatulence .
Christopher Dawson , who owns the Clearspring brand of organic soy sauces , agrees .
He lived in Japan for 18 years and his Japanese wife , Setsuko , is a cookery teacher .
" I never saw soy beans on the table in Japan - they 're indigestible . "
Dawson describes the traditional craft method of transforming the soya bean through fermentation , so that its valuable amino acids become available but its antinutrients are tamed .
The process involves cooking whole soya beans , complete with their oil , for several hours , then adding the spores of a mould to the mix , and leaving it to ferment for three days to begin the long process of breaking down the proteins and starches .
This initial brew is then mixed with salt water and left to ferment for a further 18 months , during which time the temperature will vary with the seasons .
The end result is an intensely flavoured condiment in which the soya 's chemical composition has been radically altered .
Traditional miso is similarly made with natural whole ingredients , slowly aged .
Most soya sauces ( and misos ) are not made this way any more , however .
Instead of using the whole bean , manufacturers short - cut the fermentation by starting with defatted soy protein meal .
Soya veggie burgers and sausages generally use the same chemically extracted fraction of the bean .
This meal is the product of the industrial crushing process the vast majority of the world 's soya beans go through .
The raw beans are broken down to thin flakes , which are then percolated with a petroleum - based hexane solvent to extract the soya oil .
The remains of the flakes are toasted and ground to a protein meal , most of which goes into animal feed .
Soya flour is made in a similar way .
The oil then goes through a process of cleaning , bleaching , degumming and deodorising to remove the solvent and the oil 's characteristic " off " smells and flavours .
The lecithin that forms a heavy sludge in the oil during storage used to be regarded as a waste product , but now it has been turned into a valuable market in its own right as an emulsifier .
In so - called " naturally brewed " soya sauces the processed soy protein meal is mixed with the mould spores and given accelerated ageing at high temperatures for three to six months .
Non - brewed soya sauce , the cheapest grade , is made in just two days .
Defatted soya flour is mixed with hydrochloric acid at high temperatures and under pressure to create hydrolysed vegetable protein .
Salt , caramel and chemical preservatives and flavourings are then added to provide colour and taste .
This rapid hydrolysis method uses the enzyme glutamase as a reactor and creates large amounts of the unnatural form of glutamate that is found in MSG .
Most commercial soya milk today is made from soya isolates , although some of the pioneers of soya foods as health products in Europe avoid the chemical extraction process and use whole beans to make their milk .
The key selling points for both types of soya milk are that they contain complete proteins and oestrogenic isoflavones .
Bernard Deryckere , president of the European Natural Soyfood Manufacturers Association , says that his members ' products , made using natural processes , are a healthy alternative to diary products .
" A lot of people in Europe are lactose - intolerant .
Soya milk was invented in China 4,000 years ago and today it 's consumed by all types of people as a cholesterol - free source of quality protein . "
Daniel 's detailed examination of the history of soya milk , however , suggests that soya milk was made not to drink , except in times of famine , but as the first step in the process of making tofu .
After the long , slow boiling of soya beans in water to eliminate toxins , a curdling agent was added to the liquid to separate it .
The curds would then be pressed to make tofu and the whey , in which the antinutrients were concentrated , would be thrown away .
Dibb points out that if you are drinking non-dairy milk because you want calcium without cow 's milk , there are plenty of other sources such as green leafy vegetables and nuts .
And only those eating extremely limited diets are likely to be short of protein as adults .
Dawson , a lifelong vegetarian , does not drink soya milk and only eats tofu in moderation .
" I will only use a product for my family if there is 200 years of tradition behind it .
You are asking for trouble if you take an isolate from soya - yet so much effort seems to go into taking industry 's waste and turning it into new food . "
The effort that has gone into creating the global soya market has indeed been enormous .
Today it is dominated by a handful of American trading companies .
Three of them - Bunge , ADM and Cargill - control 80 % of the European soya bean crushing industry .
These three , together with allied companies , are also estimated to control up to 80 % of European animal feed manufacturing .
They dominate the US soya market , and also account for 60 % of Brazil 's soya exports .
Before the first world war , only a very few soya beans were crushed .
The Americans had begun experimenting with using the protein meal as animal feed , but farmers were reluctant to take it up because it was indigestible to chicken and pigs .
The oil produced was considered " a bit of an embarrassment " , according to Kurt Burger , a fats and oils technical expert at the Society of Chemical Industry , whose experience in the food industry goes back to 1944 .
It was mainly used in soaps because it was considered unpalatable .
( Henry Ford later funded research projects to turn soya into plastic for car parts . )
Cottonseed oil , a byproduct of the cotton industry , was the main edible oil used in the US .
But then the combination of disease in monocropped cotton and demand from European allies in the first world war for oil both to eat and to make the glycerine needed for nitroglycerine in explosives , stimulated American soy oil production .
It was not until the 1940s that industry worked out how to deactivate the enzyme inhibitor in the protein meal sufficiently for animals to tolerate it , and it was only technology taken from the Nazis at the end of the second world war that solved the problem of the oil 's horrible smell and flavour .
That left the way for the US to promote the soya that suited its agricultural conditions as part of the reconstruction of Europe through the 1950s .
Soya oil exports to Europe tripled under the Marshall Plan , and heavily subsidised exports of surplus US soya ensured the commodity 's dominance in animal feed .
The subsidies continue .
Between 1998 and 2004 , US Department of Agriculture figures show that its soya farming received $ 13bn in subsidies from the American taxpayer .
Until 2003 , the US was the largest exporter of soya .
But through the 1990s , multinationals promoted the expansion of the crop in Latin America , helping finance farmers and building the infrastructure for soya exports .
The attraction of Latin America is that land is cheap and labour costs are minimal too .
Three years ago , the combined exports from Brazil and Argentina surpassed US exports for the first time .
The cost is now being counted there in environmental damage and social upheaval .
The cost to western consumers may yet be counted in health .
PowerPoint Corrupts the Point Absolutely
Via Arms & Influence , a passage from that Thomas Ricks book [ amazon ] everyone has been reading ( my copy is n’t here yet ) :
[ Army Lt. General David ] McKiernan had another , smaller but nagging issue :
He could n’t get Franks to issue clear orders that stated explicitly what he wanted done , how he wanted to do it , and why .
Rather , Franks passed along PowerPoint briefing slides that he had shown to Rumsfeld : " It ’s quite frustrating the way this works , but the way we do things nowadays is combatant commanders brief their products in PowerPoint up in Washington to OSD and Secretary of Defense …
In lieu of an order , or a frag [ fragmentary order ] , or plan , you get a bunch of PowerPoint slides … [ T ] hat is frustrating , because nobody wants to plan against PowerPoint slides . "
That reliance on slides rather than formal written orders seemed to some military professionals to capture the essence of Rumsfeld ’s amateurish approach to war planning .
" Here may be the clearest manifestation of OSD ’s contempt for the accumulated wisdom of the military profession and of the assumption among forward thinkers that technology — above all information technology — has rendered obsolete the conventions traditionally governing the preparation and conduct of war , " commented retired Army Col.
Andrew Bacevich , a former commander of an armored cavalry regiment .
" To imagine that PowerPoint slides can substitute for such means is really the height of recklessness . "
It was like telling an automobile mechanic to use a manufacturer ’s glossy sales brochure to figure out how to repair an engine .
He reproduces one of the slides — truly a depth - defying plunge into ‘ Phase IV ’ , i.e , reconstruction of all Iraq .
The next stage in the evolution of thought is , of course , the production of glossy brochures , selling contempt for the very notion of a working engine .
Hence this William Kristol Weekly Standard piece :
It ’s become clear , by contrast , that the Democratic party does n’t really want to fight jihadism .
It ’s just too difficult .
Last week the entire Democratic congressional leadership sent President Bush a letter on Iraq .
The Democrats did n’t chastise the administration for failing to do what it takes to achieve victory there .
They did n’t call for a larger military , or for more troops in Iraq , or for new tactics .
Rather , they seemed to criticize the ( belated ) redeployment of troops " into an urban war zone in Baghdad . "
And they complained that " there has been virtually no diplomatic effort to resolve sectarian differences , no regional effort to establish a broader security framework , and no attempt to revive a struggling reconstruction effort " – as if these are the keys to success .
So this would be the ‘ aimed pressure to not achieve end - state over time ’ plan ?
This is the first version of a monthly post about the last production numbers from Canadian oil sands ( also called Tar sands ) .
Oil Sands Production in a Nutshell
I wo n't go into too much detail about oil sands .
I invite people to read the excellent stories previously posted on TOD by Dave and Heading Out :
The raw material of the oil sands industry is crude bitumen :
Crude bitumen means a naturally occurring viscous mixture , mainly of hydrocarbons heavier than pentane , that may contain sulphur compounds and that , in its naturally occurring viscous state , will not flow to a well .
The raw crude bitumen is recovered either by surface mining or by In - Situ technologies for deeper deposits ( THAI , SAGD , etc. ) .
The crude bitumen is not the final product and has to go through Upgrading :
Bitumen is deficient in hydrogen , compared with typical crude oils , which contain approximately 14 percent hydrogen .
To make it an acceptable feedstock for conventional refineries , it must be upgraded into higher quality synthetic crude oil ( SCO ) , through the addition of hydrogen or the rejection of carbon , or both .
( National Energy Board , 2000 ) Upgrading bitumen utilizes natural gas as a source of heat and steam for processing , and also as a source of hydrogen for hydroprocessing .
Non Upgraded Bitumen ( NUB ) .
Upgraded Bitumen or Synthetic Crude Oil ( SCO ) .
In the following I will only consider two crude oil categories :
The main reason for this choice is that more data is available for these two categories , which is not the case if you consider the total raw bitumen production usually split into In - Situ and Mining productions .
There is also a loss factor when upgrading Bitumen to SCO of about 30 % , hence one has to be careful when comparing total production figures of bitumen and SCO + NUB .
According to the Canadian Energy Research Institute , the average ratio of SCO to bitumen input for upgrading has varied between 0.69 to 0.75 between 2000 - 2004 .
From the same report , I derived a correction factor of 0.8835 to account for both the partial upgrading of the crude bitumen production and the losses during upgrading .
Fig .
1 - Observed and predicted ratio of SCO +NUB production to the total Bitumen production ( derived from CERI document ) .
Click to enlarge .
Production Data
Statistics Canada has monthly time series for NUB and SCO production up to 1985 ( not free , CA$ 3.42 per dataset , financing kindly provided by TOD ) .
Monthly data from the National Energy Board ( NEB ) up to 1998
The ( EUB ) also publishes monthly estimates up to 2001 .
There are several data providers available :
Most of the data are in Cubic Meters and the conversion factor I used to convert production figures in barrels is 1M3= 6.2929 barrels .
The different datasets are shown on Fig. 2 , we can observe that they all agree on the total production ( SCO + NUB ) but that there are some discrepancies on the SCO production levels ( I do n't have a definitive answer on why ) .
Fig .
2 - Various monthly production estimates for Synthetic Crude Oil ( SCO ) and Non-Upgraded Bitumen ( NUB ) .
Click to enlarge .
Forecasts
There are a lot of forecasts out there on oil sands production , most of them being for the total bitumen production .
For now , I considered only the following references :
National Energy Board of Canada ( NEB ) :
Alberta Energy and Utilities Board ( EUB ) :
Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers ( CAPP ) :
Canadian Energy Research Institute ( CERI ) :
Uppsala University ( Professor Kjell Aleklett , member of the ASPO ) :
Purely for the fun of it , I fitted a Logistic curve on the young oil sands production history assuming prior knowledge of the URR at 179 Gb .
Of course , it gives me an unrealistic production profile peaking in 2050 at more than 9.7 mbpd .
Fig .
3 - Various forecasts for Synthetic Oil Crude ( SCO ) and Non-Upgraded Bitumen ( NUB ) derived from oil sands .
Forecast 2005 2006 2007 2010 2015 Peak Date Peak Value Observed ( Statistic Canada ) 991.28 1048.88 NA
NA NA 2005 - 11 1220.77 CAPP * ( 2006 ) NA 1074.30 1260.71 1900.34 3087.73 2020 3531.23 CAPP constrained * ( 2005 ) 877.29 1104.34 1230.67 1559.33 2139.76 2015 2139.76 CAPP moderate * ( 2005 ) 877.29 1119.36 1248.34 1664.46 2378.30 2015 2378.30 CAPP * ( 2004 ) 972.70 1178.55 1323.44 1772.24 2281.12 2015 2281.12 NEB * ( 2006 ) 974.60 1077.45 1252.58 1742.38 2636.36 2015 2636.36 CERI * ( 2004 ) 951.24 1120.68 1307.05 2333.33 3383.81 2020 3746.88 EUB
( 2006 ) 979.80 1157.89 1277.46 1824.94 2573.80 2015 2573.80 EUB
( 2005 ) 925.06 1195.65 1315.22 1755.72 NA
2014 2322.08 EUB
( 2004 ) 1050.91 1227.12 1327.80 1636.15 NA
2013 2076.66 Logistic ( URR = 179 Gb ) 969.61 1045.51 1126.98 1408.21 2021.70 2050 9731.72 ASPO * ( 2006 ) NA 1251.37 1534.73 2427.70 3082.43 2018-01 3178.40
Table I. Production estimates ( in thousands of barrels per day ( kbpd ) ) for SCO +NUB derived from different forecasts (* indicates forecasts that were originally for total bitumen production and that have been corrected using the factor 0.88 explained earlier ) .
In summary , we can see that most forecasts are in agreement with each other and are predicting a doubling of the current production within 6 years .
However , we can observe than the older forecasts have a tendency to be a little bit over optimistic and have been revised downward afterward ( see for instance EUB - 2006 and EUB - 2004 ) .
This is a first draft and there is a lot of work to do .
Many important aspects have not been addressed here , for instance : 1 ) How the decline in conventional oil production will affect the total Canadian production ;
2 ) How domestic demand will evolve ; 3 ) The dependence on Natural Gas .
I will attempt to explore these different problems in my future posts .
The different datasets used in this post will be put together in a public spreadsheet , probably next month .
The Bad Review Revue : Special Emergency Edition
The Bad Review Revue is typically a Friday event , but some things simply cannot wait .
Posted on August 15 , 2006 to Bad Review Revue
Google was founded in September 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University in California .
Together they own about 14 percent of its shares and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock .
They incorporated Google as a California privately held company on September 4 ...
When a Wall Street Journal editorial warned this week against any precipitous U.S. withdrawal that might imperil our gains in Afghanistan , an exasperated President Trump shot back : " Could someone please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years . … and except at the beginning , we never really fought to win . "
Is that … Continue reading “ What Does Winning Mean in a Forever War ? ”
Local television news stations filling their news shows with video news releases — without labeling the corporate - sponsored videos as something less than genuine news came one step closer to trouble Friday , when the Federal Communications Commission took the first step towards cracking down and assessing fines .
The FCC sent letters of inquiry to 77 broadcast [… ]
President Bush said Monday that he would resist calls from Congress to release documents from Harriet E. Miers ’
White House service , setting up a possible standoff with senators over how much information they were entitled to about his choice for the Supreme Court .
Senators of both parties say that Miers -- who has held three White House jobs in the last five years , including counsel to the president -- is largely unknown outside the Bush administration .
As a result , Republicans and Democrats have said they may not vote for her unless the White House provides at least some materials that demonstrate her qualifications to sit on the nation ’s highest court .
At the close of his weekly Cabinet meeting , Bush flatly rejected the request .
“ It ’s a red line I ’m not willing to cross , ” the president said , arguing that releasing such materials would cause aides to hold back unvarnished advice in the future .
Advertisement
“ We are not going to destroy this business about people being able to walk into the Oval Office and say , ‘ Mr. President , here ’s my advice to you , here ’s what I think is important , ’ ” Bush said .
“ And that ’s not only important for this president ; it ’s important for future presidents . ”
The chairman of the Judiciary Committee , Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - Pa. ) , who is overseeing the congressional confirmation process , suggested that the president and senators might be able to reach a compromise by releasing documents that do n’t contain confidential advice .
“ A number of senators , including Republican senators , have asked that a search be made as to nonprivileged documents , ” Specter told reporters Monday .
He suggested that the release of some White House documents could ease the pressure on Miers at confirmation hearings set to begin Nov. 7 .
Advertisement
Miers ’ nomination has encountered stiff opposition from conservatives who think her career does not demonstrate either outstanding jurisprudence or a commitment to conservative values .
Some conservative groups are organizing a formal campaign against Miers .
Some put up a website Monday , www.withdrawmiers.org, urging readers to phone the White House to demand her withdrawal .
“ We are calling on Ms. Miers to withdraw her nomination , and if she does , we call on President Bush to use this opportunity to select an individual with impeccable credentials , ” said Joseph Cella , president of Fidelis , a Catholic antiabortion political advocacy group that is a sponsor of the website .
Democrats also have demanded access to White House documents and expressed dismay at the president ’s dismissal of the idea .
Advertisement
“ The president says people need to learn more about Harriet Miers , and senators on both sides of the aisle agree , ” Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) said in a statement .
“ That is why we have asked for documents from her time in the White House that are n’t covered by any privilege , and it is disappointing to me , and I am sure to all of us , that it looks like the White House is now refusing to agree to those requests . ”
The White House gave no indication that the president was considering withdrawing her nomination .
Nor did Miers , who paid a courtesy call Monday to Sen .
Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) , one of a number of Senate Republicans who have expressed concerns about her nomination but have not said how they would vote .
In his comment , Bush cited only confidentiality , not the formal doctrine of executive privilege , in backing his position that White House materials are off - limits .
One reason might be that the White House is hoping to avoid a confrontation over executive privilege , which has been upheld by the Supreme Court when sought by outside groups but may not be absolute when applied to Congress .
Advertisement
“ Executive privilege is not an absolute , ” wrote Louis Fisher , a nonpartisan senior specialist at the Congressional Research Service , in a report prepared for a member of the Judiciary Committee .
“ It is a qualified privilege and is balanced against the constitutional needs and obligations of other branches . ”
The engine moves pistons on different rotors relative to each other to form combustion chambers of variable volume in a toroidal cylinder .
The pistons move in stepwise fashion , with the pistons on one rotor travelling a predetermined distance while the pistons on the other rotor remain substantially stationary .
A California inventor is developing a new compact and highly efficient engine — the Massive Yet Tiny ( MYT ) engine — that promises high power output with a very high power to weight ratio ( 20:1 ) .
The inventor , Raphial Morgado , recently won first prize in the 2005 Emhart - NASA Tech Briefs Design Contest for his work on the engine .
Fuel is drawn into a chamber as one of the pistons defining the chamber moves away from the other , and then compressed as the second piston moves toward the first .
The cycles of the MYT engine .
Click to enlarge .
Combustion of the fuel drives the first piston away from the second , and the spent gases are then expelled from the chamber by the second piston moving again toward the first .
An output shaft is connected to the rotors in such manner that the shaft rotates continuously while the rotors and pistons move in their stepwise fashion .
The engine fires 16 times on one revolution of the crankshaft , 32 times on two .
By comparison , a standard V8 fires four times per crankshaft revolution — one - quarter the number of the MYT .
Angel Labs , the company developing the engine , calculates the equivalent displacement of the MYT as 848 cubic inches ( 13.9 liters ) , with a 3 - inch bore and a 3.75 - inch stroke .
The company further calculates that the 14 " x 14 " , 150 - pound prototype could produce power in excess of 3,000 hp .
[ The 3,000 hp rating ] is conservatively estimated from 850 CID .
A conventional engine can produce 4 hp per CID ( when turbo charged ) .
Four times 850 [ the equivalent displacement ] is more than 3,000 .
Our data of air motoring ( 800 lb.ft. of torque from 150 psi of compressed air ) extrapolates to more than 4,000 lb.ft .
of torque when fuel is ignited , exceeding our conservative estimate .
— Jin K. Kim , Managing Member , Angel Labs
The design is also modular .
Additional MYT units can be connected by removing the rear cover of the engine and connecting another ME chamber assembly .
With a dual - assembly configuration , the engine becomes a “ 64 - cylinder ” engine with 1,695 cubic inches displacement ( 27.8 liters ) , raising the power - to - weight ratio up to a projected 40:1 .
The engine uses only about 20 % of the number of parts normally found in a reciprocating internal combustion engine , and only 12 of the MYT parts are moving parts , reducing friction and parasitic losses .
Unlike a reciprocating combustion engine , the MYT engine permits a piston dwell at the equivalent of Top Dead Center ( TDC ) — the starting point for combustion .
The current prototype is set for a piston dwell of approximately 12 degrees of the crankshaft rotation .
By adding in that delay under combustion before permitting the power stroke , the MYT burns a greater percentage of the fuel and air mixture in the combustion chamber , resulting in a more complete combustion .
All we know is that 12 - degrees dwell at the TDC , which no other engine can do , will burn all the fuels completely .
Therefore , we expect very clean emissions .
— Jin K. Kim
Other features of the engine include :
The ability to support a compression ratio as high as 70:1 .
No valves .
The MYT uses open ports with no restriction .
Airflow action is one way .
The entire engine acts as a heat sink and a radiator .
It is both air and oil cooled .
There is no thrust loading on piston skirts .
Pistons do not touch the cylinder walls , only the rings do .
Pistons travel only the same direction .
No reciprocation , only stop and go .
There are no cylinder heads , no cam shaft , no valves ( the ME is equivalent to the bottom end of a reciprocating engine ) .
Intake compression and power stroke and exhaust stroke events are happening all at the same time , so there are no load strokes .
The MYT engine is not the first implementation of rotating pistons in a toroidal cylinder — the 1968 Tschudi engine is very similar in concept .
( A newer derivative is by Hoose , 2005 . )
The key to the MYT engine is its timing mechanism .
The stop and go actions can be generated in many different ways , but you can not have active locking mechanism , because it will break under repeated stress .
It took Raphial , who usually can invent in a couple of hours per invention , more than two years to come up with this invention ( he threw away about 10 different ways of implementation . )
— Jin Kim , in the Angel Labs forum
Angel Labs is targeting a number of application : autombiles and trucks , pumps and compressors , aviation ( helicopter , fixed wing and UAV ) , and military .
Their goal is to license the technology non-exclusively to everyone .
According to Jin Kim , Angel Labs is currently in discussions with Lockheed Margin , Boeing , Ford and several smaller potential licensees .
( A hat - tip to Bob C ! )
Resources :
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1
Militant Electronic Piracy
Militant Electronic Piracy :
Non-Violent Insurgency Tactics Against the American Corporate State
Written by Kevin Flaherty
http://www.cryptogon.com
Military tactics are like unto water ; for water in its natural course runs away from high places and hastens downwards .
So in war , the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak .
Water shapes its course according to the nature of the ground over which it flows ; the soldier works out his victory in relation to the foe whom he is facing .
- Sun Tzu , The Art of War
my revolutionary deeds are not as obvious as yours
i contribute to the core of a technological war
that exists where no eyes can see
- Anonymous ( Female ) Hacker / Pirate
DISCLAIMER
This essay is an examination of an emerging form of asymmetric warfare ; a look at the situation on the ground .
Taken out of context , the following material might appear to some as a , “ terrorist operations manual . ”
It is n't .
Operational information has been intentionally excluded .
I 've never advocated violence or breaking the law , but I know that those facts do n't matter under a system of overt fascism .
Even so , I 'm stating , clearly and emphatically , that what follows is intended for educational use only .
Hopefully , this disclaimer will be remembered if an attempt is made to pull my words out of context .
This file includes a GPG signature ; proof that this disclaimer was included at the time of publication .
Any attempt to modify the content of this message will cause the electronic signature verification scheme to fail and provide evidence of tampering .
INTRODUCTION
The germ of this essay was a Wired article about electronic piracy called , “ The Shadow Internet . ”
1
The following Cryptogon analysis will focus on the nature of insurgency in the U.S. and critical national security aspects of electronic piracy that the article failed to address .
The Wired article does not mention that there is now a strong ideological motivation driving some actors in the piracy scene .
Back in the 1980s , piracy was mostly for the fun of it , as the article indicates .
Now , though , some militant anarchists see piracy as a way of bankrupting corporations and view their activities as a form of warfare against corporations and the governments that serve them .
The supporting material for this statement is available on the Internet .
I will not provide direct links to information related to the operational aspects of militant electronic piracy because doing so could subject me to criminal prosecution .
2
This analysis will use the term “ militant electronic piracy ” to refer to the high level , massive theft and distribution of copyrighted material for purposes of politico - economic warfare .
This may be viewed in stark contrast to the more ubiquitous activity of “ file trading , ” where individuals use peer - to - peer software to download music , movies and software for free .
Casual file traders ascribe no political motivation whatsoever to their actions .
“ The American Corporate State , ” ( ACS ) refers to the existing power structure in the U.S.
This system is characterized by the fascist convergence of corporate and government interests .
3
In order to understand the national security implications of militant electronic piracy , an examination of conventional insurgency against the American Corporate State is necessary .
THE NATURE OF ARMED INSURGENCY AGAINST THE ACS
Any violent insurgency against the ACS is sure to fail and will only serve to enhance the state 's power .
The major flaw of violent insurgencies , both cell based ( Weathermen Underground , Black Panthers , Aryan Nations etc. ) and leaderless ( Earth Liberation Front , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , etc. ) is that they are attempting to attack the system using the same tactics the ACS has already mastered : terror and psychological operations .
The ACS attained primacy through the effective application of terror and psychological operations .
Therefore , it has far more skill and experience in the use of these tactics than any upstart could ever hope to attain .
4
This makes the ACS impervious to traditional insurgency tactics .
- Political Activism and the ACS Counterinsurgency Apparatus
The ACS employs a full time counterinsurgency infrastructure with resources that are unimaginable to most would be insurgents .
Quite simply , violent insurgents have no idea of just how powerful the foe actually is .
Violent insurgents typically start out as peaceful , idealistic , political activists .
Whether or not political activists know it , even with very mundane levels of political activity , they are engaging in low intensity conflict with the ACS .
The U.S. military classifies political activism as “ low intensity conflict . ”
The scale of warfare ( in terms of intensity ) begins with individuals distributing anti-government handbills and public gatherings with anti-government / anti-corporate themes .
In the middle of the conflict intensity scale are what the military refers to as Operations Other than War ; an example would be the situation the U.S. is facing in Iraq .
At the upper right hand side of the graph is global thermonuclear war .
What is important to remember is that the military is concerned with ALL points along this scale because they represent different types of threats to the ACS .
Making distinctions between civilian law enforcement and military forces , and foreign and domestic intelligence services is no longer necessary .
After September 11 , 2001 , all national security assets would be brought to bare against any U.S. insurgency movement .
Additionally , the U.S. military established NORTHCOM which designated the U.S. as an active military operational area .
Crimes involving the loss of corporate profits will increasingly be treated as acts of terrorism and could garner anything from a local law enforcement response to activation of regular military forces .
Most of what is commonly referred to as “ political activism ” is viewed by the corporate state 's counterinsurgency apparatus as a useful and necessary component of political control .
Letters - to - the - editor ...
Calls - to- elected - representatives ...
Waving banners ...
“ Third ” party political activities ...
Taking beatings , rubber bullets and tear gas from riot police in free speech zones ...
Political activism amounts to an utterly useless waste of time , in terms of tangible power , which is all the ACS understands .
Political activism is a cruel guise that is sold to people who are dissatisfied , but who have no concept of the nature of tangible power .
Counterinsurgency teams routinely monitor these activities , attend the meetings , join the groups and take on leadership roles in the organizations .
It 's only a matter of time before some individuals determine that political activism is a honeypot that accomplishes nothing and wastes their time .
The corporate state knows that some small percentage of the peaceful , idealistic , political activists will eventually figure out the game .
At this point , the clued - in activists will probably do one of two things ; drop out or move to escalate the struggle in other ways .
If the clued - in activist drops his or her political activities , the ACS wins .
But what if the clued - in activist refuses to give up the struggle ?
Feeling powerless , desperation could set in and these individuals might become increasingly radicalized .
Because the corporate state 's counterinsurgency operatives have infiltrated most political activism groups , the radicalized members will be easily identified , monitored and eventually compromised / turned , arrested or executed .
The ACS wins again .
- ACS Full - Spectrum PSYOP Dominance
The ACS wields the most powerful weapon of political control the world has ever seen : the mass media .
This is the corporate state 's trump card against leaderless resistance movements which are impossible to infiltrate and compromise by counter - insurgency teams .
The appearance of legitimacy is all that matters in a low intensity conflict , and the ACS , with the corporate media running continuous propaganda and perception management campaigns , represents the final solution to what the public will view as legitimate .
5
All anti-corporate / anti-government political activism will be portrayed by the ACS as lunatic muckraking and a potential hotbed of terrorism .
All violent insurgency activities will be portrayed as terrorist acts .
( Some criminal activity is now considered terrorism by the ACS . )
The behavior of the ACS will be represented as just , measured and prudent , regardless of the ghastly nature of its atrocities .
The general population will be bombarded with images , sound bites and articles about the threats posed by the “ terrorists . ”
In other words , the population , rather then fearing the state and its continuous cryptofascist operations and more overt international war crimes and economic exploitation , will come to view the insurgents as a threat and the ACS as their savior .
The ACS can punctuate the point by unleashing false flag terror incidents on the population while conveniently blaming any organization it wishes , including other states .
6
The general population will respond by supporting : foreign wars , the diminution of individual rights , and legislation and funding that adds to the power of the corporate state .
Some simple analogies might help to clarify the realities facing an armed insurgency in the United States .
Could a 5 year old beat a university mathematics professor in a mathematics contest ?
Could an ape beat a grand champion at chess ?
Could a high school basketball team beat the Los Angeles Lakers at basketball ?
Could an armed insurgency overthrow the American Corporate State ?
The obvious answer to all of these questions is : NO .
Some insurgents , having determined that terror and psyops will obviously fail against the ACS , sought out other means of attacking this extremely powerful foe .
MILITANT ELECTRONIC PIRACY : MILITARY - STYLE DAMAGE WITH NON - VIOLENT TACTICS
High level electronic piracy ( massive intellectual property theft and distribution ) has the potential to inflict " military - style " damage to the American Corporate State .
What does military - style damage mean in this context ?
- Bankrupt ACS
The ACS is quite literally bankrupt , yet it continues to function do to an increasing flow of foreign capital that serves to finance its unimaginable levels of debt .
7
If an insurgency was able to slow the flow of capital to corporations , by any means , the revenue loss could eventually cause reverberations throughout the economy that would be catastrophic for the ACS and the wider system of institutionalized theft commonly referred to as “ global capitalism . ”
According to Robert Holleyman , president and CEO of the Business Software Alliance , “ Software piracy continues to be a major challenge for economies worldwide .
From Algeria to New Zealand , Canada to China , piracy deprives local governments of tax revenue , costs jobs throughout the technology supply chain and cripples the local , in - country software industry . ”
8
If any non-violent insurgency could cause serious and sustained economic damage to major components of the ACS , the resulting chaos might resemble the results of a strategic military attack , complete with infrastructure breakdown , food shortages and the collapse of government authority .
This is not to say that militant electronic piracy would be the primary cause of the collapse of the ACS .
Piracy might , however , serve as the straw , or one of several straws , the breaks the camel 's back .
- Casual Downloaders Unknowingly Assist Insurgency
In the most simple terms , the less money individuals spend , the faster the collapse of the ACS will occur .
The ubiquity of peer - to - peer file trading tools provides non-technical computer users point - and - click access to massive amounts of music , movies and software .
The militant electronic pirates are intelligent .
They know most people are lazy and will never --- willingly --- do anything to fight the status quo , in terms of tangible power .
Do casual downloaders think they are throwing Molotov cocktails at a TimeWarner building or blowing up a Walmart each time they download music or movies from the Internet for free ?
No , the average p2p user is n't thinking along these lines .
But every legitimate purchase that is n't made as a result of electronic piracy drives another nail into the coffin of the American Corporate State .
At what point does electronic piracy move from being an annoyance for profit hungry corporations to a national security matter ?
- Militant Electronic Piracy Operations
Militant electronic piracy operations may be carried out by anti-corporate computer experts in any geographic location on the planet .
Whereas armed insurgents face physical and public relations impossibilities of using political violence successfully , militant electronic pirates , on the other hand , can more effectively control the battle space using security hardened software tools ( all of which are available for free ) .
On the Internet , militant electronic pirates possess capabilities that are more congruent to the corporate state than the most sophisticated armed insurgency group could ever hope to attain in the conventional military sphere .
By using electronic piracy as a mode of attack , pirates are able to inflict tens of billions of dollars worth of damages per year against the ACS.9
This is an astonishing proof of the validity of this mode of attack versus violent operations .
Violent insurgency groups , such as the Earth Liberation Front , have only managed to inflict tens of million dollars worth of damage to the ACS over their entire lifetimes .
Additionally , pirates do tangible damage to the ACS with little to fear in the way of a public relations backlash .
The ACS has had difficulty in generating public concern for the losses of maniacal corporations , primarily because no unpleasant spin --- such as news video of anti-corporate rioting and chaos --- is possible .
Militant electronic piracy represents a silent , continuous and costly attack on the ACS .
Contrast this to violent insurgency tactics , which amount only to symbolic pinpricks against the ACS and are accompanied by wholly untenable public relations consequences .
Militant electronic pirates enjoy the benefits of being able to conduct their operations in a virtual battlefield .
Stealth is obtainable through the use of encryption and other techniques that are not suitable for discussion in an essay of this type .
As a result , authorities face great difficulty in trying to interdict high level pirates .
According to a recent Associated Press article :
The groups are typically very hierarchical , with tiers of leadership , said John Malcolm , head of the Motion Picture Association of America 's antipiracy unit .
" There are many of them out there , highly organized , very clandestine , " Malcolm said .
" They 're tough nuts to crack . "
Authorities do n't have a fix on how many groups exist .
" There are a lot of similarities with the drug war , " said David Israelite , chairman of the U.S. Justice Department 's Intellectual Property Task Force .
" You never really are going to eliminate the problem , but what you hope to do is stop its growth .
"
10
With the continuous increase in the use of broadband Internet connections , the base of the piracy pyramid --- the casual downloaders --- will only continue to grow in size .
New peer - to - peer filetrading tools and specialized firewalls ( all available for free ) increasingly protect users at the base of the pyramid from ACS interdiction efforts .
A small number of insurgent seed nodes can , in a very short period of time , spread files further down toward the ever expanding ( and well defended ) base of the pyramid , causing an unstoppable flood of shared files .
It 's not clear which task would be more daunting for the ACS : attempting to apprehend tens of millions of individual downloaders , or attempting to take down a loose network of several thousand hard - core , militant pirates with computer skills that are commensurate with intelligence agency information warfare experts .
- Just Kids Having Fun ?
The assertion in some media ( the Wired article , for example ) that high level electronic piracy is just - a- bunch - of - kids - out - for - a - good - time is ludicrous .
Without a doubt , at the lower levels , a horde of generally clueless users is just looking for free music , movies and software .
But at the node level and above , things are much more interesting .
It 's difficult to imagine individuals taking on different multi-billion dollar industries ( represented by RIAA - Music , MPAA - Movies , BSA - Software ) , the mercenaries hired by these industries ( Overpeer , etc. ) and the U.S. Government just for the fun of it .
The ACS is dedicating increasing energy to thwarting high level electronic piracy .
The U.S. Department of Justice agent above compared electronic piracy to the drug war !
Clearly , it 's not all fun and games for high level electronic pirates .
It 's war .
THE ACS RESPONSE
The ACS will become increasingly reckless as it nears the abyss of economic collapse .
It will lash out against enemies , real and perceived , in expected and unexpected ways .
As for the pirates , they 're already classified as terrorists .
11
They should expect the ACS to escalate the operations against them .
Expect a legislated , “ national security ” justification for Microsoft 's long awaited ( and dreaded ) Digital Rights Management scheme , codenamed Longhorn .
Microsoft will tout Longhorn as the solution to piracy and other “ terrorist ” uses of computers and the Internet .
Besides turning each computer into a tamper proof vending machine ( this will mean The End of general purpose computing ) , Longhorn will provide an astonishing surveillance capability to ACS law enforcement , intelligence and military organizations .
Those who refuse to use Longhorn will increasingly find themselves locked out of networks .
The goal will be to apply maximum surveillance and control to “ trusted ” users on the Internet .
CONCLUSION
Militant electronic pirates can successfully obtain military - style results from their activities .
12
An insurgency based on militant electronic piracy is viable ( and preferable to violent tactics ) for several reasons .
Militant electronic pirates cause orders of magnitude greater damage to the ACS than violent insurgencies .
And they do so while avoiding much of the impossible - to - manage public relations disaster that surrounds violent tactics .
Pirates use a virtual battlespace for most of their activities ; they can attack and maneuver without too much fear of being physically apprehended by authorities .
Militant electronic piracy takes advantage of the massive force multiplication effect of tens of millions of low level cadres ( casual downloaders ) who do n't even understand the implications of what they 're doing .
With a foe as powerful as the ACS , violent insurgents face an impossible struggle .
Militant electronic piracy offers a much more viable and effective mode of combat to insurgents , both as groups and as individuals .
Notes :
1 The Shadow Internet , by Jeff Howe , Wired , Issue 13.01 , 1/2005 , http://www.wired.com/wired/archive/13.01/topsite.html
2 It might be useful to think of militant electronic piracy as a more extreme form of hacktivism .
In any event , the following page about hacktivism describes the philosophical underpinnings of what is driving militant pirates without providing operational information :
http://www.thehacktivist.com/hacktivism.php
3 Hundreds of books and thousands of Internet sites have documented this process .
When Corporations Rule the World by David C. Korten is probably the best single volume treatment of the subject .
4 Low Intensity Warfare represents a nexus of insurgency , counterinsurgency and psychological operations .
Detailing this massive area of inquiry is far beyond the scope of this essay .
Some useful materials are : U.S. Army Field Manual FM 100 - 20 , Military Operations in Low Intensity Conflict , http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/library/policy/army/fm/100-20/index.html; documents on the Information Warfare PSYOP site , http://www.iwar.org.uk/psyops; and Low - intensity Operations : Subversion , Insurgency and Peacekeeping by General Sir Frank Kitson .
5 Mindwar by U.S. Army Lt. Col. ( ret. ) Michael Aquino .
6 The Hidden Face of Terrorism : The Dark Side of Social Engineering , from Antiquity to September 11 by Paul David Collins and Fake Terror : The Road to Dictatorship , http://free.freespeech.org/americanstateterrorism/9-11/FakeTerror.html
7 Trouble Ahead - Trouble Behind : Restructuring the Global Economy , a New Marshall Plan by Chris P. Dialynas , http://www.pimco.com/LeftNav/Latest%20Publications/2004/Dialynas%20Paper.htm
9 Ibid .
The Business Software Alliance claims that 36 % of installed software worldwide is pirated , accounting for a loss to corporations of $ 29 billion in 2003 .
Also in 2003 , the music industry estimated that it lost $ 4.3 billion per year do to piracy .
The film industry estimated their losses at about $ 4 billion .
See : Calif .
Government Condemns Online Music , Film Piracy , AP , 4/2/2003 , http://www.usatoday.com/tech/news/techpolicy/2003-04-02-calif-piracy_x.htm
10 Covert Online Groups Behind Bulk of Bootlegged Movies , Music , Software , by Alex Veiga , Associated Press , 1/3/05 , http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/ssistory.mpl/business/2973771
11 There are several stories on this .
The following Google search yields hundreds of entries related to online piracy and terrorism : ( software OR music OR movie ) piracy terrorism
12 To what end ?
It appears that the goal is to collapse the system , not replace it with a different system .
New BMW M3 revealed and Rolls - Royce Ghost driven in this week 's Auto Express
New BMW M3 revealed and Rolls - Royce Ghost driven in this week 's Auto Express
In this week 's issue we have all the latest on the new BMW M3 and we reveal the 100 best SUVs on sale
SOMEBODY had to write this , and it might as well be me .
I have n't seen " Brokeback Mountain , " nor do I have any intention of seeing it .
In fact , cowboys would have to lasso me , drag me into the theater and tie me to the seat , and even then I would make every effort to close my eyes and cover my ears .
And I love gay people .
Hey , I 've got gay acquaintances .
Good acquaintances , who know they can call me anytime if they had my phone number .
I 'm for gay marriage , gay divorce , gay this and gay that .
I just do n't want to watch two straight men , alone on the prairie , fall in love and kiss and hug and hold hands and whatnot .
That 's all .
Is that so terrible ?
Does that mean I 'm homophobic ?
And if I am , well , then that 's too bad .
Because you can call me any name you want , but I 'm still not going to that movie .
To my surprise , I have some straight friends who 've not only seen the movie but liked it .
" One of the best love stories ever , " one gushed .
Another went on , " Oh , my God , you completely forget that it 's two men .
You in particular will love it . "
The best underground system in the World bar none .
The building of the Moscow Metro began in the 1930s under Stalin , who set about the project with the avowed intention of providing his capital with a series of ' people 's palaces ' .
Evidently he succeeded and , though the gilt is beginning to peel off the splendour these days , the visitor is still in for a treat .
Once you arrive on one of the cavernous platforms you will be assaulted by an array of bronzed light fittings , mosaics , sparkling chandeliers , statues , stained - glass windows , busts , friezes , odd designs in beaten metal and acres and acres of gleaming marble , all monumentalizing an idealised Communist never - never land .
If you like Soviet kitsch , the Metro is your place .
And there are tours .
With guides and everything .
However , this is only one of the benefits of the Metro .
Another is that it is unbelievably affordable .
Not only do tickets cost a mere five rubles - slightly less than a cheap loaf of bread - but this is a flat - rate fare , enabling you to travel anywhere on the system for this one price .
Amazingly , the price actually goes down if you buy multiple rides .
It is also efficient : the trains run regularly and on time .
At peak times , they arrive every two minutes .
At any time you would be surprised , nay , extremely irritated , to have to wait more than five minutes for your ride .
And it never breaks down .
Never .
There is , of course , one disadvantage , although this is perhaps a result of the Metro 's strengths .
It is said that if the number of passengers who use the New York and London Underground networks every day were combined , the figure would still be less than the number of travellers carried by the Moscow Metro ( at present around nine and a half million ) .
Which explains why at almost any time of the day you will encounter a scrum - like situation when trying to get on or off a train , and overcrowding on the carriages .
Judicious positioning is everything .
Pushing and shoving is positively encouraged .
Watch out for those babushkas - they are half your size , but have years of practice .
Do not be surprised when they floor you with a timely jab of the elbow .
Using the Metro
The Metro starts running at 5.30 am ( when the first train leaves the first station at each end of each line ) , and closes at about 1.30 ( the last train leaves the first station at each end of each line ) , although the stations start shutting down before this so it is best not to rely on this fact .
You may find yourself stranded if you miss your connection , or lose your orientation if the exit you need has closed down .
The layout of the system , however , is relatively simple : there is a brown circle line roughly enclosing the centre of the city , bisected by nine other lines .
Locations within the circle line are well served , though once out in the suburbs , you may find it necessary to do a bit of walking or familiarise yourself with the tram , trolley bus and bus routes .
Finding the stations on the surface is fairly easy and aided by the large red neon ' M ' outside .
Once inside , if you are buying a ticket , the word you want is bilyet .
At the ticket barrier , you slide your ticket into the slot , wait for the green light , remove your ticket and hope that the gates do not decide to slam arbitrarily on your legs .
In compensation , the ones in the centre of the city will play you a jaunty little tune as they pincer your lower limbs .
Forgetting to take the ticket out of the gate is a good way to enjoy this experience .
While somewhat uncomfortable , it is an excellent way to introduce yourself to a member of the whistle - blowing Metro staff .
She will be stout , red - hatted , resplendent in blue serge and only too happy to harangue you for any infraction .
And she is everywhere ...
Having successfully navigated the exceptionally fast escalator ( stop admiring the decor - this is serious ) get ready to contend with the choice between the left or right side of the open platform , aided only by the Cyrillic - inscribed signs hanging from the ceiling or the walls .
There are no full - scale maps down here , so if you have problems with the Cyrillic alphabet or you do n't know the network , well , it is important to carry your own map and / or have a clear mental photograph of your destination name and any changes you need to make on the way .
Try memorising the first three letters , rather than the whole name .
On the train , your nose may well be pressed up against a map ( or it may be at the other end of the carriage with two thousand people between you and the map ) , but it is difficult to see the names of the stations from the trains and the announcements , which in any case are in Russian , may likewise be inaudible .
If you can hear them , the announcements will begin by telling you what station you have just arrived at ( plus any connections you can make ) , followed - after a discrete pause to allow passengers to cram themselves in - by a warning that the doors are about to close and the name of the next stop .
However , the ability to count stations to your destination comes in very handy .
Once you make it into a carriage , if the mass of people does not obscure your view , you will find the walls will be covered in plastic wood .
Or yellow 1970s style wallpaper .
Seats are positioned along each wall , parallel to one another .
Upholstered in brown imitation leather , they are either - should you have , by some happy fortune , been able to fight your way into one - bench - hard , or so overstuffed that sitters are bounced up and down unmercifully .
Etiquette still demands that you give up this hard - won haven in favour of old ladies or the infirm .
It is possible to sit tight , but the disapproval quotient in the carriage will be immense and you risk calling down a barrage of shrill babushka - scolding , which is not to be courted at the best of times .
In an enclosed space , with limited possibilities of escape , it is definitely not a good idea .
Meanwhile there are rails for you to hang on to , but on most occasions you will be kept upright by the mass of bodies around you .
In any case , the true Muscovite scorns such aids in favour of train surfing .
In the likely event , then , that you are upstanding , people who want to get off are liable to ask if you do too .
No matter how crowded the wagon is , if your answer is no you will be expected to make way for them .
If you are trying to change platforms , avoid the Arbatskaya / Borovitskaya / Bibliotaka Imani Lenina / Alexandrovsky Sad junction at all costs .
It is a rabbit warren and only to be attempted by expert Metro users .
Otherwise the connecting passageways are marked with signs saying perekhod , a list of colour - coded stations each of the other lines reach , and a symbol of a white stick - man on a blue background running up some stairs .
Although connected stations are housed in the same building , many of those not on the brown circle line have different names .
Do n't let this throw you off .
Exits to the street can be found by looking for vikhod v gorod followed by a list of street names , shops and other places of interest , but the exits can be far apart overland , so scour the destinations carefully to make sure you have the one you want .
This is particularly important to remember when arranging to meet someone , or when giving or following directions .
It is essential to pay attention to which carriage you should be on ( first or last ) in order to get the right exit .
Even More Attractions
At times the press of passengers on the trains eases .
At this point you may be treated to the sight of a procession of people passing down the carriages .
Perhaps the most common are beggars .
Do not judge them .
Looking beyond surface appearances , life in Moscow can be extremely precarious , and despite rumours of Mafia - led begging rings , these people are genuinely needy .
However , it is also not unusual to have Orthodox monks and nuns pass by .
If you give them money , they will chant at you .
Busking is also popular .
See if they can stay upright while playing the violin and doing a jig for the length of the carriage .
Most useful , though , are the hawkers offering everything from fireworks through a dazzling collection of biros to obscure doodads for fixing your toilet .
In fact , doing a majority of your ordinary and extraordinary shopping in and around the Metro is an extremely viable option as the Moscow Metro has a thriving kiosk culture , where it is possible to buy anything and everything .
A Word About Safety
Owing to the fact that large numbers of people use the network every day , the vast majority of whom are perfectly respectable citizens of Moscow , travelling by Metro is a safe , rational choice , although the wagons do empty a bit after midnight .
Even so , you are likely to remain safe while underground , but as in any major city wandering around alone late at night is not the most clever idea , especially as foreigners do stand out .
Pick - pocketing is made easier by the press of people around you , but a bit of vigilance is sufficient to cut down on opportunities .
The only other hazard , other than a run in with the militant Metro staff , is the ever present possibility that the patrolling Militia may stop you and demand your documents .
This is not a situation wholly confined to the Metro , however .
This is the end of the line .
The train does n't go any further .
Get off the train .
And take your belongings with you
While you cannot actually advocate a visit to Moscow purely based on the charms of the Moscow Metro , it will not be long after your arrival before you are thanking whatever deity you favour that you had the chance to experience such transportational bliss .
Chinese in 10 Minutes a Day
This method is adequate for those who are learning to speak Chinese and want to gain fluency in everyday speaking and grammar use .
Reading and Writing Chinese
This new , completely revised edition offers students a more convenient , efficient , and up - to - date introduction to the writing system .
Start now !
Lesson 01 - Phonetics , Hello Learn Chinese , free online audio courses Introduction to the Pinyin , the Chinese Phonetic Alphabet , the four tones .
First conversation .
Audio files
All text and dialog in mp3 format
Test yourself lesson by lesson !
Memorizing chinese characters
Online chinese exercises Review and memorize online chinese lessons vocabulary .
Characters , pinyin and english definition .
All texts in pinyin and Chinese characters
Step - by - step guide to pronunciation and grammar
Plenty of practice exercises
Practical vocabulary and a bilingual glossary
Clear , uncluttered , and user - friendly layout
An exploration of the culture
And much more ...
After learning to speak chinese , learn to write chinese !
Learn Chinese Characters Chinese - Tools.com Essential of Chinese Characters for everyday use .
Learn about chinese writing and teach yourself how to write it .
Detailed description of the character character , calligraphy , stroke order , origin and etymology , meaning , scripts provided along with examples .
Learn chinese in all languages
« Kicking ass is more fun | Main | Featuritis vs. the Happy User Peak »
Stop your presentation before it kills again !
Sometimes the best presentation is ... no presentation .
Ditch the slides completely .
Put the projector in the closet , roll the screen back up , and turn the damn lights back on !
Especially if the slides are bullet points .
Or worse ... paragraphs .
Or if critical data is presented in a form that leads to brain - death , talked about by Tufte in this Wired article , and in more detail in his book , The Cognitive Style of PowerPoint .
The second you dim the lights and go into " presentation mode " is the moment you move from a two - way conversation to a one - way lecture / broadcast .
It 's hard to be interactive when you 're behind your laptop , at a podium , watching your slides on the small screen .
Then there 's the phenomenon of " talking to the slides " , where the speaker is constrained into following a script .
Although some can do it , most presenters ( including me ) are n't capable of dynamically reconfiguring their slides to customize in realtime for a particular audience .
So the speaker just forges on , slide after slide , saying what 's already ON the slide , regardless of what he learned about the group .
Then again , asking the attendees for feedback is dangerous when you 're following a script , since it 's tough to really incorporate anything they say .
But given how many people hate slide presentations , why is it universally assumed that where there is " a talk " , there 's PowerPoint ( or its much cooler cousin , Apple 's KeyNote ) ?
Conference coordinators rarely ask speakers if they 'll be projecting slides .
They send out the slide templates , then start demanding your slides several weeks before the show .
Saying you do n't have slides is like saying you 'll give your talk naked .
" You mean ... you 're going out there with nothing ??? "
I know the arguments in favor of slides :
Visuals are more memorable than words alone .
True .
There 's almost nobody in the computer book business that believes that as much as we do .
But bullet points are still the prevailing content of most slides , and they usually add nothing unless the speaker truly sucks , or has such a dramatically hard - to - parse accent that it 's the only way you can get the info .
You have no choice when you 're presenting something that must be shown .
There are times when the very content you 're speaking on directly relates to something you need or want to show .
A screen shot , a design , a building , an animation , etc .
Often you need to show quantitative data in a chart or graph .
These are completely valid reasons , and slides might indeed be the best way .
But they are n't the only way to show that data .
Handouts and giant poster boards ( for small rooms and a small number of items to show ) can often work better .
But yes , there are definitely times you need slides , and at the end of this post I 'll mention where you might look for info on making kick - ass presentations .
It keeps the speaker and presentation on track .
I 'm sure you all realize what a lame - ass excuse that is , but I 've heard it enough times to know some folks believe it .
I wo n't even go there .
Now , I 'm not an expert on presentations , and not a particularly good presenter myself , so take this with a grain of salt .
But I am applying what we 've learned over the years about the brain and learning , so this is n't just a wild guess either .
Here 's the recommendation I used to give our Java instructors :
The Do You Need Slides Test
1 ) Is what you 're showing absolutely dependent on the learners seeing something you cannot simply describe in words ?
-- If YES , is the room small enough to use a flipchart , white board , or posters ?
--
If the room or audience size is too large , can you use handouts ?
2) If NO ( your content does not require visuals ) , then what are you trying to achieve with the slides ?
--
If you think it 's because the attendees want slides , think again .
Expect them ?
Yes .
Need them ?
No .
--
If you think it 's to help you stay on track , find another way !
Use note cards .
They 're far easier to rearrange at a moment 's notice , especially if you can keep your talk more modular / fine - grained .
--
If it's to keep the attendees awake and alert and add emotional hooks and increase memorability or understanding , then you 've got a point .
But in that case , you need to apply the other test :
The " Do My Slides Suck " Test
1 ) Do your slides contain mostly bullet points ?
2 ) Do you have more than 12 - 15 words on a slide ?
3 ) Do your slides add little or no new info beyond what you can say in words ?
4 ) Are your slides , in fact , not memorable ?
5 ) Are your slides emotionally empty ?
6 ) Do your slides fail to encourage a deeper connection to or understanding of the topic ?
7 ) Do your slides distort the data ?
( That 's a whooooole different thing I 'm not addressing now )
8 ) Do your slides encourage cognitive weakness ?
( refer to Tufte )
A " Yes " to any of those could be a huge red flag that something 's wrong .
If you 're still committed to slides , or if you 're certain you need them , here 's my favorite overall recommendation :
Put each slide on trial for its life .
Ask it to defend itself .
Show no mercy .
Make it beg , make it plead , make it sell itself .
If it does n't convince you , kill it .
And if there are n't enough left to justify using slides , just say no .
The best presenters , in my opinion , get the best of both worlds .
They can dynamically shift between " lights dimmed slide mode " and " lights up , let 's talk " mode without blinking .
They do n't let the slides constrain them to a script , and they do n't let the slide equipment keep them trapped behind the invisible wall that separates them from the participants .
They can rearrange their slides in realtime .
Their slides rock !
But right now , I 'm too slow and clumsy and do n't present often enough to ever get that good , so I choose ( most of the time ) the path of interaction .
But when I do need slides , I know exactly who I 'm looking to for help -- I love the guys at Missing Link !
And although I have n't read it yet , I reckon Cliff Atkinson 's book is probably quite good , because his Beyond Bullets blog on this is great .
And Seth Godin , as always , has good and strong advice ( no more than 6 , yes 6 , words per slide ! )
And if you 're displaying critical data , for the love of all that 's good and right in the world , follow Tufte 's advice unless you 're a skilled information designer .
Having said all this , I did see a spectacular use of Power Point at Rochester 's Eastman House museum , where I was lucky enough to catch David Byrne ( from Talking Heads ) art installation , Envisioning Emotional Epistemological Information , which you can also get in a book / DVD combo .
I 'll leave you with Tufte 's fateful words , " Power corrupts .
PowerPoint corrupts absolutely . "
Be careful out there ... someone could get hurt .
Posted by Kathy on June 8 , 2005 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451b44369e200d83458975669e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Stop your presentation before it kills again !:
» New Dell does n't work :-( from JCooney.NET
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 9 , 2005 2:09:49 AM
» Milyen a jó elõadás ?
from ÁghyBlog
" The best presenters , in my opinion , get the best of both worlds .
They can dynamically shift between " lights dimmed slide mode " and " lights up , let 's talk " mode without blinking .
They do n't let the slides constrain them to a script , and they don ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 9 , 2005 5:25:23 AM
» http://tonetheman.us/wordpress/index.php?p=56 from tonetheman links
stop - your powerpoint is killing me , this is a great post [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 9 , 2005 8:07:40 AM
» Creating Passionate Users : Stop your presentation before it kills again ! from Rickey Whitworth
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 9 , 2005 8:35:03 AM
» Tuer la présentation from Foire aux idees
Excellent billet de Creating Passionate Users , sur l'omniprésence néfaste des PowerPoint dans les présentations .
Sometimes the best presentation is ... no presentation .
Ditch the slides completely .
Put the projector in the closet , roll the screen b... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 9 , 2005 12:05:33 PM
» Presentations and PowerPoint from ricoblog
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 9 , 2005 9:06:14 PM
» Presentations and PowerPoint from ricoblog
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 10 , 2005 9:00:34 AM
» Better Presentations from J. Michael Arrington
Powerpoint is a big part of my life right now as Keith and I get out there and discuss edgeio with investors , potential employees ( we have 4 now ) and others .
Mason
Cole points to a worthwile essay on making better presentations ( suggesting to often dit ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 10 , 2005 12:44:45 PM
» Death by Powerpoint from achievable ends
I was visiting an organization that was begun by a friend of ours .
He did a presentation on how it came together .
The story was incredible .
The Powerpoint presentation was enough to make a man ill .
Every transition between slides [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 10 , 2005 7:10:55 PM
» Is it good idea to use presentation slides , or not ?
from lifehack.org
Over at Creating Passionate Users posted up a very interesting topic on Stop your presentation before it kills again !.
Kathy Sierra suggested her opinions on why we should n’t need slides if your slides suck , or how we can improve our slides if w ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 11 , 2005 9:15:03 AM
» This what I ’m talking about … from mattrutherford.com
Everyone that I have ever worked with should read this article over at ‘ Creating Passionate Users ’ .
I have long advocated the powerpoint and other linear presentation forms stifle the creativity of a presenter and hide the real messages .
E... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 11 , 2005 12:47:52 PM
» They do n't call them " bullet points " for nothing ... from life ( over IP )
Kathy Sierra of Creating Passionate Users ( via lifehack.org ) takes aim at bad presentation slides : Sometimes the best presentation is ... no presentation .
Ditch the slides completely .
Put the projector in the closet , roll the screen back up , and turn t... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 11 , 2005 9:19:10 PM
» Kathy Sierra " Gets It " -
Why PowerPoint should not be everything to everyone from greg hughes - dot - net
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 12 , 2005 2:49:09 PM
» Kathy Sierra " Gets It " -
Why PowerPoint should not be everything to everyone from greg hughes - dot - net
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 12 , 2005 2:50:57 PM
» Death by Powerpoint from Templatedata
We 've all been there .
Surely it can be done and still allow people to walk out of the room with a pulse .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 13 , 2005 3:01:31 AM
» Ditch PowerPoint from jkOnTheRun
Kathy Sierra has written a great piece about boring presentations .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 13 , 2005 8:16:59 AM
» " The Pros and Cons of PowerPoint Presentations " from Stark County Law Library Blawg
Sabrina posts : “ Two postings , via Hot Links , that offer useful comments on best practices for PowerPoint presentations , as well as [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 13 , 2005 9:18:24 AM
» Presentations and PowerPoint from ricoblog
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 14 , 2005 10:14:02 AM
» Presentations and PowerPoint from ricoblog
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 14 , 2005 10:20:48 AM
» Slide Suis from The J Spot
Creating Passionate Users : Stop your presentation before it kills again !
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 14 , 2005 7:45:32 PM
» Slideshow suicide from The J Spot
Do you really need a slideshow ?
Kathy Sierra writes on what you need to know before resorting to that all - too - required Powerpoint ( or KeyNote ) slideshow the next time you find the need to impress .
I ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 14 , 2005 7:50:29 PM
» Ditch PowerPoint for Presentations from Blog : : Craig Pringle
Kathy Sierra has written a great piece that puts forward that “ Sometimes the [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 16 , 2005 3:31:02 AM
» スライド一覧 でPowerPointプレゼンをインタラクティブに from 発想七日 ！
PowerPointによるプレゼンテーションは…眠くなる。
PowerPoint [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 19 , 2005 7:47:09 PM
» スライド一覧 でPowerPointプレゼンをインタラクティブに from 発想七日 ！
PowerPointによるプレゼンテーションは…眠くなる。
PowerPoint [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 19 , 2005 7:53:39 PM
» Presentations :
Not as effective as you might think from Mert Nuhoglu's Weblog
Powerpoint has made a big impact on meetings , conferences and even on lectures .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 20 , 2005 8:00:16 AM
» They do not call them bullet points for nothing !
from Imprint - WELS Web Log - Blog
Most of us have been subjected to or subjected others to PowerPoint presentations .
For those of you not familiar with this software application , it is a tool ( made be Microsoft ) used by presenters to help them communicate a message to their audience vi ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 22 , 2005 2:00:05 PM
» Powerpoint - Orgien from Studying E-Business
Stop your presentation before it kills again !
schimpft Kathy im Blog " Creating Passionate Users " .
Dem kann ich mich nur anschließen .
Powerpoint aus Gewohnheit einzusetzen ist einfach keine gute Idee .
Manchmal wünsche ich mir , wir hätten nicht in jed ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jun 29 , 2005 3:46:31 AM
» Your Presentation stinks ! from David V. Lorenzo
It ’s true .
Most presentations are horrib [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 11 , 2005 5:51:15 AM
» power corrupts from elke's
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 14 , 2005 2:30:10 PM
» Linus on Microsoft , Sofware , etc from heater blogs
The feature of the trip was a candid Q&A with Linux creator Linus Torvald .
free ringtones [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 10 , 2005 1:29:52 PM
» End PowerPoint Co-Dependency - redux from Mary's Blog
This is one of my frequent – um – rants .
We often talk a great game – “ building personal relationships ” “ Listening more than talking . ” etc. – and then when we actually get the folks in the room , wha ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 16 , 2005 12:54:48 PM
» Making PowerPoint palatable from Sound and Fury
Update :
Here 's another vote for ditching the slides : http://headrush.typepad.com/creating_passionate_users/2005/06/kill_your_prese.html
Others [ edwardtufte.com ] have written extensively on using something other than presentation software for a prese ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 9 , 2005 2:12:33 PM
» PowerPoint Kills from iain tait | crackunit.com
Im not someone that believes PowerPoint is inherently evil , its not .
It has some flaws ( as does most software ) , but I reckon the thing that hurts it the most is the use of templates .
The whole thing is set up with bullet points as the de ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jan 19 , 2006 4:30:57 AM
» How Not to Give a Presentation from Coding Horror
I hold presenters to relatively high standards .
They get paid to present to large groups because they 're ostensibly good communicators .
I cannot believe the beginner mistakes some of the presenters are making at VSLive .
Based on my experience over ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 1:22:45 AM
» How Not to Give a Presentation from Coding Horror
I hold presenters to relatively high standards .
They get paid to present to large groups because they 're ostensibly good communicators .
And I cannot believe the beginner mistakes some of the presenters are making here at VSLive .
Based on my ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Feb 1 , 2006 1:29:31 AM
» The " Do My Slides Suck " Test from ComputerZen.com - Scott Hanselman
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 26 , 2006 2:29:15 AM
» http://lozanotek.com/archive/0001/01/01/8476.aspx from Javier G. Lozano
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Mar 26 , 2006 5:13:07 PM
» Readings on Presentation Skills from HCI I : Human Factors Winter 06-07
A significant portion of your grade in this class will be based on how well you present your work .
Presentation skills are important not just for your grade in this class , but also for your success in the business world .... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Dec 3 , 2006 4:44:12 PM
Comments
Kathy ,
GREAT !!!
And after ditching the slides go back and study the classics : http://www.thecontrarypublicspeaker.com/
:-) stw
P.S. : Is " Head first Ruby " already in the making ?
Posted by : Stephan H. Wissel | Jun 9 , 2005 1:26:19 AM
Excellent advice .
I taught people public speaking for years and whenever the subject of powerpoint came up I made the same point :
The audience can listen to you or examine what is on the slide .
They can't do both .
The objective of a talk is to get information across .
The question the speaker has to ask is " does this slide emphasis my point or dilute it ? " .
If the slide does n't add new information then the only thing it will do is distract from what you are saying .
Posted by : Chris Tregenza | Jun 9 , 2005 3:02:13 AM
Thank you , Kathy !
I 'm going to share this post - and the Wired article - with everyone I know .
I can't count the number of PP ' presentations ' that I have to sit through .
Some of them are so densely packed with text that you could n't read it if you had to .
No pictures , no charts or graphs , no comic relief - just words , words , and more words .
Thanks for the info and thanks again for continually helping me to discover that I rule !
Posted by : Chris Young | Jun 9 , 2005 6:50:12 AM
PowerPoint is like a drug - - one becomes dependent on it because it 's so easy to make something that looks better than chalk on a board .
However , handled right , and by a gifted artistic designer , the slides can be a delight - - nary a bullet point in sight .
I wish I could find an audience who would chant -- " We want shallow and boring !! ! "
I 'd stand there with my PowerPoint like a GOD !!
But the rotten bastards want enlightenment , passionate ideas , and depth .
I 'm looking for a methadone alternative to PowerPoint .
( Unfortunately it 's preparation , hard work , and creative thinking . )
It 's soooo much easier with PP , which I guess reminds me exactly what typical PowerPoint presentations really are ....
Posted by : Bill Sanders | Jun 9 , 2005 4:10:46 PM
One of the presenters at Apple 's developer conference this week said " Well , you can read this slide yourselves " AND THEN immediately MOVED ONTO THE NEXT SLIDE !
[ He did n't give us time to read it ! ]
Posted by : keith ray | Jun 9 , 2005 9:45:11 PM
No one at the AYE conference uses PowerPoint at that conference ... the sessions are too interactive for that .
Check out their wiki page :
http://www.ayeconference.com/wiki/scribble.cgi?read=WhyWeDoNotUsePowerPoint
Posted by : keith ray | Jun 9 , 2005 9:47:59 PM
Hey Keith , thanks so much for this fantastic link !
http://www.ayeconference.com/wiki/scribble.cgi?read=WhyWeDoNotUsePowerPoint
I especially loved the one about the speaker who did n't use slides , and people came up afterwards to express " sympathy for the loss of your slides . " : )
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Jun 10 , 2005 11:02:56 AM
There 's a lot of good sense here - but the reliance on Tufte 's arguments undermines the wider case .
Your argument is , as I read it , that PP is a tool which requires greater expertise and thoughtfulness to use than it often gets .
Tufte 's argument is that in some ill - defined sense PP is intrinsically wrongheaded .
Donald Norman has just published a neat essay In Defense of Powerpoint - http://www.jnd.org/dn.mss/in_defense_of_powerp.html
- which is mainly aimed at debunking Tufte , but is well worth reading in its own right .
" Is PowerPoint bad ?
No , in fact , it is quite a useful tool .
Boring talks are bad .
Poorly structured talks are bad .
Do n't blame the problem on the tool . "
Posted by : marek | Jun 11 , 2005 6:31:17 AM
My biggest complaints against using slides ( or just about anything else that requires screen projection ) is that it dramatically increases the chance of having a one - way broadcast rather than a two - way interactive conversation .
Anything that keeps the lights dimmed ( although this is n't always the case with the right lighting and equipment , of course ) , and the presenter separated from the participants and tied to a script * can* ( not always ) be a bad thing .
Teachers sometimes use it as a crutch .
Presenters sometimes use it as a crutch .
The participants suffer .
I 'm for conversation and interactivity and participation -- the things that slides usually make more difficult .
This is n't appropriate for every talk / presentation , of course ; many talks are meant to be information briefings -- where the most important thing is simply to transmit facts and data from one person 's head and into the heads of the attendees , and others are purely presentation either for entertainment or demonstration .
Or sometimes the forum is simply too large to have any meaningful form of interaction anyway .
So no , I do n't believe PowerPoint -- or any other slide or visual presentation tool -- is inherently bad .
I 'm working on a video and animation right now to accompany a workshop I 'm doing later in the year .
But somewhere along the line we lost track of what it means to " talk " , when talks became equated with slides , and slides became associated with bullet points .
If the goal is to teach , a two - way conversation can be a lot more powerful .
If the presenter needs help with public speaking or teaching skills , that wo n't be fixed with slides , but will most likely be * hurt * by slides as the presenter stays behind the protective barrier and might as well have pre-recorded the talk alone in a studio .
I do n't blame the tool , but I * do * blame the current wisdom that says talks must have slides .
The default should be * no slides * , where slides are used only when necessary and appropriate and to add value .
Amazing things can happen when the wall between speaker and participant goes away : )
Posted by : Kathy Sierra | Jun 11 , 2005 12:20:36 PM
On the topics of tools , it could definitely be argued that the choice of tool actually does affect the result and , if you decide to use PowerPoint ( or Keynote for that matter ) , you more or less automatically adopt the typical " slide aesthetic " because it 's the path of least resistance .
I also find the introductory line " Sometimes the best presentation is ... no presentation " amusing .
It is indeed telling that when we say " presentation " we really mean " computer - designed slides projected on a board behind the speaker " :-) .
A lof good tips here , thanks !
Posted by : Marcus Wilert | Jun 14 , 2005 2:57:36 AM
One of my favorite articles is The Fresh Fish Rule by Khalid Aziz http://www.presentersuniversity.com/visuals_fish.php.
It 's not about PowerPoint , but about visuals and worth the very short time it takes to read it .
Posted by : Lisa Lindgren | Jul 6 , 2005 6:35:32 PM
The problem with " no slides , just talk " presentations is that there are lots of people who do n't learn simply through auditory stimuli .
Visual or kinesthetic learners get left behind .
And , do n't blame the tool for being a bad presenter .
Certainly there 's best and worst practices , but getting rid of PowerPoint is pretty unlikely to address issues that you list .
You can't switch easily between one - way presenting and discussion ?
Practice !
Take a class .
You can't re-jigger your flow to suit your audience on the fly ?
Practice !!
If you can't be a flexible communicator using PPT , index cards are n't going to help you either .
Many of the criticisms levelled here ( and by Tufte ) have a lot to do with bad information design / presentation executed in PPT .
If you have to present and you know this is n't a strong suit , work with a visual designer / writer .
And , include extra-presentation material too : exercises , small - group break - outs , and structured discussions .
This way you hit every kind of thinker / learner .
Posted by : gretchen | Aug 10 , 2005 3:58:23 PM
Bad slides do n't kill audiences , bad speakers bore them to death !
Posted by : Anna Martelli Ravenscroft | Aug 12 , 2005 1:25:29 PM
Plays right to one of my favorite - ur - rants .
" End PowerPoint Co-Dependency ! "
One of the most successful presentations I ever gave while still in big , bad Corporate America was when the multi-media , dancing baby , dog and pony show died a horrible death and I had to - good golly - actually talk to the room full of prospects .
Oh dear !
Posted by : Mary Schmidt | Aug 16 , 2005 12:45:08 PM
I always tell any cow orker who has to give a presentation to check out " Conference Presentation Judo " from MJD .
http://perl.plover.com/yak/presentation/
It certainly changed my life .
Posted by : Charles Miller | Aug 18 , 2005 7:41:10 AM
To all the presentation specialist out there viewing .
I recently experimented with this program called Visual Manager Live ( http://www.vmlpro.com) to see if it would make a difference in my presentations .
I must tell you the program is like nothing I have ever used before .
It does everything I could imagine a presentation tool to do .
It works with all Power Point presentation documents , as well as any document you can open on your computer .
I Love it .
There is a free download of the program at ( http://www.vmlpro.com)
Just a suggestion !
Posted by : Presentation Guru | Oct 29 , 2005 10:14:02 AM
Great !
I 'm planning on giving a presentation in the near future on how to give good presentations ...
I 've summarized your article into 5 essential bullet points and plan to include them in my PowerPoint slide deck .
Posted by : mike h | Mar 27 , 2006 7:41:08 AM
Absolute Powerpoint
Can a software package edit our thoughts
Before there were presentations , there were conversations , which were a little like presentations but used fewer bullet points , and no one had to dim the lights .
A woman we can call Sarah Wyndham , a defense - industry consultant living in Alexandria , Virginia , recently began to feel that her two daughters were n't listening when she asked them to clean their bedrooms and do their chores .
So , one morning , she sat down at her computer , opened Microsoft 's PowerPoint program , and typed :
Family Matters
An approach for positive change to the
Wyndham family team
On a new page , she wrote :
Lack of organization leads to confusion and frustration among all family members .
Disorganization is detrimental to grades and to your social life .
Disorganization leads to inefficiencies that impact the entire family .
Instead of pleading for domestic harmony , Sarah Wyndham was pitching for it .
Soon she had eighteen pages of large type , supplemented by a color photograph of a generic happy family riding bicycles , and , on the final page , a drawing key - the key to success .
The briefing was given only once , last fall .
The experience was so upsetting to her children that the threat of a second showing was enough to make one of the Wyndham girls burst into tears .
PowerPoint , which can be found on two hundred and fifty million computers around the world , is software you impose on other people .
It allows you to arrange text and graphics in a series of pages , which you can project , slide by slide , from a laptop computer onto a screen , or print as a booklet ( as Sarah Wyndham did ) .
The usual metaphor for everyday software is the tool , but that does n't seem to be right here .
PowerPoint is more like a suit of clothes , or a car , or plastic surgery .
You take it out with you .
You are judged by it - you insist on being judged by it .
It is by definition a social instrument , turning middle managers into bullet - point dandies .
But PowerPoint also has a private , interior influence .
It edits ideas .
It is , almost surreptitiously , a business manual as well as a business suit , with an opinion - an oddly pedantic , prescriptive opinion - about the way we should think .
It helps you make a case , but it also makes its own case : about how to organize information , how much information to organize , how to look at the world .
One feature of this is the AutoContent Wizard , which supplies templates - " Managing Organizational Change " or " Communicating Bad News , " say - that are so close to finished presentations you barely need to do more then add your company logo .
The " Motivating a Team " template , for example , includes a slide headed " Conduct a Creative Thinking Session " :
Ask :
In what ways can we ...?
- Assess the situation .
Get the facts .
- Generate possible solutions with green light , nonjudgmental thinking .
- Select the best solution .
The final injunction is " Have an inspirational close . "
It 's easy to avoid these extreme templates - many people do - as well as embellishments like clip art , animations , and sound effects .
But it 's hard to shake off AutoContent 's spirit : even the most easygoing PowerPoint template insists on a heading followed by bullet points , so that the user is shepherded toward a staccato , summarizing frame of mind , of the kind parodied , for example , in a PowerPoint Gettysburg Address posted on the Internet : " Dedicate portion of field - fitting ! "
Because PowerPoint can be an impressive antidote to fear - converting public - speaking dread into moviemaking pleasure - there seems to be no great impulse to fight this influence , as you might fight the unrelenting animated paperclip in Microsoft Word .
Rather , PowerPoint 's restraints seem to be soothing - so much so that where Microsoft has not written rules , businesses write them for themselves .
A leading U.S. computer manufacturer has distributed guidelines to its employees about PowerPoint presentations , insisting on something it calls the " Rules of Seven " : " Seven ( 7 ) bullets or lines per page , seven ( 7 ) words per line . "
Today , after Microsoft 's decade of dizzying growth , there are great tracts of corporate America where to appear at a meeting without PowerPoint would be unwelcome and vaguely pretentious , like wearing no shoes .
In darkened rooms at industrial plants and ad agencies , at sales pitches and conferences , this is how people are communicating : no paragraphs , no pronouns - the world condensed into a few upbeat slides , with seven or so words on a line , seven or so lines on a slide .
And now it 's happening during sermons and university lectures and family arguments , too .
A New Jersey PowerPoint user recently wrote in an online discussion , " Last week I caught myself planning out ( in my head ) the slides I would need to explain to my wife why we could n't afford a vacation this year . "
Somehow , a piece of software designed , fifteen years ago , to meet a simple business need has become a way of organizing thought at kindergarten show - and - tells .
" Oh , Lord , " one of the early developers said to me .
" What have we done ? "
Forty years ago , a workplace meeting was a discussion with your immediate colleagues .
Engineers would meet with other engineers and talk in the language of engineering .
A manager might make an appearance - acting as an interpreter , a bridge to the rest of the company - but no one from the marketing or production or sales department would be there .
Somebody might have gone to the trouble of cranking out mimeographs - that would be the person with purple fingers .
But the structure of American industry changed in the nineteen - sixties and seventies .
Clifford Nass , who teaches in the Department of Communication at Stanford , says , " Companies were n't discovering things in the laboratory and then trying to convince consumers to buy them .
They were discovering - or creating - consumer demand , figuring out what they can convince consumers they need , then going to the laboratory and saying , ' Build this ! '
People were saying , ' We can create demand .
Even if demand does n't exist , we know how to market this . '
SpaghettiOs is the great example .
The guy came up with the jingle first : ' The neat round spaghetti you can eat with a spoon . :
And he said , ' Hey !
Make spaghetti in the shape of small circles ! ' "
As Jerry Porras , a professor of organizational behavior and change at Stanford Graduate School of Business , says , " When technologies no longer just drove the product out but the customer sucked it out , then you had to know what the customer wanted , and that meant a lot more interaction inside the company . "
There are new conversations : Can we make this ?
How do we sell this if we make it ?
Can we do it in blue ?
America began to go to more meetings .
By the early nineteen - eighties , when the story of PowerPoint starts , employees had to find ways to talk to colleagues from other departments , colleagues who spoke a different language , brought together by SpaghettiOs and by the simple fact that technology was generating more information .
There was more to know and , as the notion of a job for life eroded , more reason to know it .
In this environment , visual aids were bound to thrive .
In 1975 , fifty thousand overhead projectors were sold in America .
By 1985 , that figure had increased to more than a hundred and twenty thousand .
Overheads , which were developed in the mid-forties for use by the police , and were then widely used in bowling alleys and schools , did not fully enter business life until the mid seventies , when a transparency film that could survive the heat of a photocopier became available .
Now anything on a sheet of paper could be transferred to an overhead slide .
Overheads were cheaper than the popular alternative , the 35 - mm slide ( which needed graphics professionals ) , and they were easier to use .
But they restricted you to your typewriter 's font - rather , your secretary 's typewriter 's font - or your skill with Letraset and a felt - tipped pen .
A businessman could n't generate a handsome , professional - looking font in his own office .
In 1980 , though , it was clear that a future of widespread personal computers - and laser printers and screens that showed the very thing you were about to print - was tantalizingly close .
In the Mountain View , California , laboratory of Bell - Northern Research , computer - research scientists had set up a great mainframe computer , a graphics workstation , a phototypesetter , and the earliest Canon laser printer , which was the size of a bathtub and took six men to carry into the building - together , a cumbersome approximation of what would later fit on a coffee table and cost a thousand dollars .
With much trial and error , and jogging from one room to another , you could use this collection of machines as a kind of word processor .
Whitfield Diffie had access to this equipment .
A mathematician , a former peacenik , and an enemy of exclusive government control of encryption systems , Diffie had secured a place for himself in computing legend in 1976 , when he and a colleague , Martin Hellman , announced the discovery of a new method of protecting secrets electronically - public - key cryptography .
At Bell - Northern , Diffie was researching the security of telephone systems .
In 1981 , preparing to give a presentation with 35 - mm. slides , he wrote a little program , tinkering with some graphics software designed by a B.N.R. colleague , that allowed you to draw a black frame on a piece of paper .
Diffie expanded it so that the page could show a number of frames , and text inside each frame , with space for commentary around them .
In other words , he produced a storyboard - a slide show on paper - that could be sent to the designers who made up the slides , and that would also serve as a script for his lecture .
( At this stage , he was n't photocopying what he had produced to make overhead transparencies , although scientists in other facilities were doing that . )
With a few days ' effort , Diffie had pointed the way to PowerPoint .
Diffie has long gray hair and likes to wear English suits .
Today , he works for Sun Microsystems , as an internal consultant on encryption matters .
I recently had lunch with him in Palo Alto , and for the first time he publicly acknowledged his presence at the birth of PowerPoint .
It was an odd piece of news : as if Lenin had invented the stapler .
Yes , he said , PowerPoint was " based on " his work at B.N.R .
This is not of great consequence to Diffie , whose reputation in his own field is so high that he is one of the few computer scientists to receive erotically charged fan mail .
He said he was " mildly miffed " to have made no money from the PowerPoint connection , but he has no interest in beginning a feud with an old friend .
" Bob was the one who had the vision to understand how important it was to the world , " he said .
" And I did n't . "
Bob is Bob Gaskins , the man who has to take final responsibility for the drawn blinds of high - rise offices around the world and the bullet points dashing across computer screens inside .
His account of PowerPoint 's parentage does not exactly match Diffie's , but he readily accepts his former colleague as " my inspiration . "
In the late nineteen - seventies and early eighties , Gaskins was B.N.R.'s head of computer - science research .
A former Berkeley Ph.D. student , he had a family background in industrial photographic supplies and grew up around overhead projectors and inks and gels .
In 1982 , he returned for a six - month overseas business trip and , with a vivid sense of the future impact of the Apple Macintosh and of Microsoft 's Windows ( both of which were in development ) , he wrote a list of fifty commercial possibilities - Arabic typesetting , menus , signs .
And then he looked around his own laboratory and realized what had happened while he was away : following Diffie 's lead , his colleagues were trying to make overheads to pitch their projects for funding , despite the difficulties of using the equipment .
( What you saw was not at all what you got . )
" Our mainframe was buckling under the load , " Gaskins says .
He now had his idea : a graphics program that would work with Windows and the Macintosh , and that would put together , and edit , a string of single pages , or " slides . "
In 1984 , he left B.N.R. , joined an ailing Silicon Valley software firm , Forethought , in exchange for a sizeable share of the company , and hired a software developer , Dennis Austin .
They began work on a program called Presenter .
After a trademark problem , and an epiphany Gaskins had in the shower , Presenter became PowerPoint .
Gaskins is a precise , bookish man who lives with his wife in a meticulously restored and furnished nineteenth - century house in the Fillmore district of San Francisco .
He has recently discovered an interest in antique concertinas .
When I visited him , he was persuaded to play a tune , and he gave me a copy of a forthcoming paper he had co-written : " A Wheatstone Twelve - Sided ' Edeophone ' Concertina with Pre-MacCann Chromatic Duet Fingering . "
Gaskins is skeptical about the product that PowerPoint has become - AutoContent and animated fades between slides - but he is devoted to the simpler thing that it was , and he led me through a well - preserved archive of PowerPoint memorabilia , including the souvenir program for the PowerPoint reunion party , in 1997 , which had a quiz filled with in - jokes about font size and programming languages .
He also found an old business plan from 1984 .
One phrase - the only one in italics - read , " Allows the content - originator to control the presentation . "
For Gaskins , that had always been the point : to get rid of the intermediaries - graphic designers - and never mind the consequences .
Whenever colleagues sought to restrict the design possibilities of the program ( to make a design disaster less likely ) , Gaskins would overrule them , quoting Thoreau : " I came into this world , not chiefly to make this a good place to live in , but to live in it , be it good or bad . "
PowerPoint 1.0 went on sale in April , 1987 - available only for the Macintosh , and only in black - and - white .
It generated text - and - graphics pages that a photocopier could turn into overhead transparencies .
( This was before laptop computers and portable projectors made PowerPoint a tool for live electronic presentations .
Gaskins thinks he may have been the first person to use the program in the modern way , in a Paris hotel in 1992 - which is like being the first person ever to tap a microphone and say , " Can you hear me at the back ? " )
The Macintosh market was small and specialized , but within this market PowerPoint - the first product of its kind - was a hit .
" I ca n't describe how wonderful it was , " Gaskins says .
" When we demonstrated at trade shows , we were mobbed . "
Shortly after the launch , Forethought accepted an acquisition offer of fourteen million dollars from Microsoft .
Microsoft paid cash and allowed Bob Gaskins and his colleagues to remain partly self - governing in Silicon Valley , far from the Microsoft campus , in Redmond , Washington .
Microsoft soon regretted the terms of the deal ; PowerPoint workers became known for a troublesome independence of spirit ( and for rewarding themselves , now and then , with beautifully staged parties - caviar , string quartets , Renaissance - period fancy dress ) .
PowerPoint had been created , in part , as a response to the new corporate world of interdepartmental communication .
Those involved with the program now experienced the phenomenon at first hand .
In 1990 , the first PowerPoint for Windows was launched , alongside Windows 3.0 .
And PowerPoint quickly became what Gaskins calls " a cog in the great machine . "
The PowerPoint programmers were forced to make unwelcome changes , partly because in 1990 Word , Excel , and PowerPoint began to be integrated into Microsoft Office - a strategy that would eventually make PowerPoint invincible - and partly in response to market research .
AutoContent was added in the mid-nineties , when Microsoft learned that some would - be presenters were uncomfortable with a blank PowerPoint page - it was hard to get started .
" We said , ' What we need is some automatic content ! ' " a former Microsoft developer recalls , laughing .
" ' Punch the button and you 'll have a presentation . ' "
The idea , he thought , was " crazy . "
And the name was meant as a joke .
But Microsoft took the idea and kept the name - a rare example of a product named in outright mockery of its target customers .
Gaskins left PowerPoint in 1992 , and many of his colleagues followed soon after .
Now rich from Microsoft stock , and beginning the concertina - collecting phase of their careers , they watched as their old product made its way into the heart of American business culture .
By 1993 , PowerPoint had a majority share of the presentation market .
In 1995 , the average user created four and a half presentations a month .
Three years later , the monthly average was nine .
PowerPoint began to appear in cartoon strips and everyday conversation .
A few years ago , Bob Gaskins was at a presentations - heavy conference in Britain .
The organizer brought the proceedings to a sudden stop , saying , " I 've just been told that the inventor of PowerPoint is in the audience - will he please identify himself so we can recognize his contribution to the advancement of science ? "
Gaskins stood up .
The audience laughed and applauded .
Cathleen Belleville , a former graphic designer who worked at PowerPoint as a product planner from 1989 to 1995 , was amazed to see a clip - art series she had created become modern business icons .
The images were androgynous silhouette stick figures ( she called them Screen Beans ) , modelled on a former college roommate : a little figure clicking its heels ; another with an inspirational light bulb above its head .
One Screen Bean .
the patron saint of PowerPoint - a figure that stands beneath a question mark , scratching its head in puzzlement - is so popular that a lawyer at a New York firm who has seen many PowerPoint presentations claims never to have seen one without the head - scratcher .
Belleville herself has seen her Beans all over the world , reprinted on baseball caps , blown up fifteen feet high in a Hamburg bank .
" I told my mom , ' You know , my artwork is in danger of being more famous than the " Mona Lisa . " ' "
Above the counter in a laundromat on Third Avenue in New York , a sign explains that no responsibility can be taken for deliveries to doorman buildings .
And there , next to the words , is the famous puzzled figure .
It is hard to understand the puzzlement .
Doorman ?
Delivery ?
But perhaps this is simply how a modern poster clears its throat :
Belleville has created the international sign for " sign . "
According to Microsoft estimates , at least thirty million PowerPoint presentations are made every day .
The program has about ninety - five per cent of the presentations - software market .
And so perhaps it was inevitable that it would migrate out of business and into other areas of our lives .
I recently spoke to Sew Meng Chung , a Malaysian research engineer living in Singapore who got married in 1999 .
He told me that , as his guests took their seats for a wedding party in the Goodwood Park Hotel , they were treated to a PowerPoint presentation : a hundred and thirty photographs - one fading into the next every four or five seconds , to musical accompaniment .
" They were baby photos , and courtship photos , and photos taken with our friends and family , " he told me .
I also spoke to Terry Taylor , who runs a Web site called eBibleTeacher.com , which supplies materials for churches that use electronic visual aids .
" Jesus was a storyteller , and he gave graphic images , " Taylor said .
" He would say , ' Consider the lilies of the field , how they grow , ' and all indications are that there were lilies in the field when he was talking , you know .
He used illustrations . "
Taylor estimates that fifteen per cent of American churches now have video projectors , and many use PowerPoint regularly for announcements , for song lyrics , and to accompany preaching .
( Taylor has seen more than one sermon featuring the head - scratching figure . )
Visitors to Taylor 's site can download photographs of locations in the Holy Land , as well as complete PowerPoint sermons - for example , " Making Your Marriage Great " :
Find out what you are doing to harm your marriage and heal it .
Financial irresponsibility
Temper
Pornography
Substance abuse
You name it !
When PowerPoint is used to flash hymn lyrics , or make a quick pitch to a new client , or produce an eye - catching laundromat poster , it 's easy to understand the enthusiasm of , say , Tony Kurz , the vice - president for sales and marketing of a New York - based Internet company , who told me , " I love PowerPoint .
It 's a brilliant application .
I can take you through at exactly the pace I want to take you . "
There are probably worse ways to transmit fifty or a hundred words of text , or information that is mainly visual - ways that involve more droning , more drifting .
And PowerPoint demands at least some rudimentary preparation : a PowerPoint presenter is , by definition , not thinking about his or her material for the very first time .
Steven Pinker , the author of " The Language Instinct " and a psychology professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , says that PowerPoint can give visual shape to an argument .
" Language is a linear medium : one damn word after another , " he says .
" But ideas are multidimensional ...
When properly employed , PowerPoint makes the logical structure of an argument more transparent .
Two channels sending the same information are better than one . "
Still , it 's hard to be perfectly comfortable with a product whose developers occasionally find themselves trying to suppress its use .
Jolene Rocchio , who is a product planner for Microsoft Office ( and is upbeat about PowerPoint in general , ) told me that , at a recent meeting of a nonprofit organization in San Francisco , she argued against a speaker 's using PowerPoint at a future conference .
" I said , ' I think we just need her to get up and speak . ' "
On an earlier occasion , Rocchio said , the same speaker had tried to use PowerPoint and the projector did n't work , " and everybody was , like , cheering .
They just wanted to hear this woman speak , and they wanted it to be from her heart .
And the PowerPoint almost alienated her audience . "
This is the most common complaint about PowerPoint .
Instead of human contact , we are given human display .
" I think that we as a people have become unaccustomed to having real conversations with each other , where actually give and take to arrive at a new answer .
We present to each other , instead of discussing , " Cathy Belleville says .
Tad Simons , the editor of the magazine " Presentations " ( whose second - grade son used PowerPoint for show - and - tell ) , is familiar with the sin of triple delivery , where precisely the same text is seen on the screen , spoken aloud , and printed on the handout in front of you ( the " leave - behind , " as it is known in some circles ) .
" The thing that makes my heart sing is when somebody pressed the ' B ' button and the screen goes black and you can actually talk to the person , " Simons told me .
In 1997 , Sun Microsystems ' chairman and C.E.O. , Scott McNealy , " banned " PowerPoint ( a ban widely disregarded by his staff ) .
The move might have been driven , in part , by Sun 's public - relations needs as a Microsoft rival , but , according to McNealy , there were genuine productivity issues .
" Why did we ban it ?
Let me put it this way :
If I want to tell my forty thousand employees to attack , the word ' attack ' in ASCII is forty - eight bits .
As a Microsoft Word document , it 's 90,112 bits .
Put that same word in a PowerPoint slide and it becomes 458,048 bits .
That 's a pig through the python when you try to send it over the Net . "
McNealy 's concern is shared by the American military .
Enormously elaborate PowerPoint files ( generated by presentation - obsessives -- so- called PowerPoint Rangers ) were said to be clogging up the military 's bandwidth .
Last year , to the delight of many under his command , General Henry H. Shelton , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , issued an order to U.S. bases around the world insisting on simpler presentations .
PowerPoint was developed to give public speakers control over design decisions .
But it 's possible that those speakers should be making other , more important decisions .
" In the past , I think we had an inefficient system , where executives passed all of their work to secretaries , " Cathy Belleville says .
" But now we 've got highly paid people sitting there formatting slides - spending hours formatting slides - because it 's more fun to do that than concentrate on what you 're going to say .
It would be much more efficient to offload that work onto someone who could do it in a tenth of the time , and be paid less .
Millions of executives around the world are sitting there going , ' Arial ?
Times Roman ?
Twenty - four point ?
Eighteen point ? ' "
In the glow of a PowerPoint show , the world is condensed , simplified , and smoothed over -- yet bright and hyperreal -- like the cityscape background in a PlayStation motor race .
PowerPoint is strangely adept at disguising the fragile foundations of a proposal , the emptiness of a business plan ; usually , the audience is respectfully still ( only venture capitalists dare to dictate the pace of someone else 's slide show ) , and , with the visual distraction of a dancing pie chart , a speaker can quickly move past the laughable flaw in his argument .
If anyone notices , it 's too late -- the narrative presses on .
Last year , three researchers at Arizona State University , including Robert Cialdini , a professor of psychology and the author of " Influence : Science and Practice , " conducted an experiment in which they presented three groups of volunteers with information about Andrew , a fictional high - school student under consideration for a university football scholarship .
One group was given Andrew 's football statistics typed on a piece of paper .
The second group was shown bar graphs .
Those in the third group were given a PowerPoint presentation , in which animated bar graphs grew before their eyes .
Given Andrew 's record , what kind of prospect was he ?
According to Cialdini , when Andrew was PowerPointed , viewers saw him as a greater potential asset to the football team .
The first group rated Andrew four and a half on a scale of one to seven ; the second rated him five ; and the PowerPoint group rated him six .
PowerPoint gave him power .
The experiment was repeated , with three groups of sports fans that were accustomed to digesting sports statistics ; this time , the first two groups gave Andrew the same rating .
But the group that saw the PowerPoint presentation still could n't resist it .
Again , Andrew got a six .
PowerPoint seems to be a way for organizations to turn expensive , expert decision - makers into novice decision - makers .
" It 's frightening , " Cialdini says .
He always preferred to use slides when he spoke to business groups , but one high - tech company recently hinted that his authority suffered as a result .
" They said , ' You know what , Bob ?
You 've got to get into PowerPoint , otherwise people are n't going to respond . '
So I made the transfer . "
Clifford Nass has an office overlooking the Oval lawn at Stanford , a university where the use of PowerPoint is so widespread that to refrain from using it is sometimes seen as a mark of seniority and privilege , like egg on one 's tie .
Nass once worked for Intel , and then got a Ph.D. in sociology , and now he writes about and lectures on the ways people think about computers .
But , before embarking on any of that , Professor Nass was a professional magician - Cliff Conjure - so he has some confidence in his abilities as a public performer .
According to Nass , who now gives PowerPoint lectures because his students asked him to , PowerPoint " lifts the floor " of public speaking : a lecture is less likely to be poor if the speaker is using the program .
" What PowerPoint does is very efficiently deliver content , " Nass told me .
" What students gain is a lot more information - not just facts but rules , ways of thinking , examples . "
At the same time , PowerPoint " lowers the ceiling , " Nass says .
" What you miss is the process .
The classes I remember most , the professors I remember most , were the ones where you could watch how they thought .
You do n't remember what they said , the details .
It was ' What an elegant way to wrap around a problem ! '
PowerPoint takes that away .
PowerPoint gives you the outcome , but it removes the process . "
" What I miss is , when I used to lecture without PowerPoint , every now and then I 'd get a cool idea , " he went on .
" I remember once it just hit me .
I 'm lecturing , and all of a sudden I go , ' God !
" The Wizard of Oz " !
The scene at the end of " The Wizard of Oz " ! ' "
Nass , telling this story , was almost shouting .
( The lecture , he later explained , was about definitions of " the human " applied to computers . )
" I just went for it -- twenty - five minutes .
And to this day students who were in that class remember it .
That could n't happen now : ' Where the hell is the slide ? ' "
PowerPoint could lead us to believe that information is all there is .
According to Nass , PowerPoint empowers the provider of simple content ( and that was the task Bob Gaskins originally set for it ) , but it risks squeezing out the provider of process -- that is to say , the rhetorician , the storyteller , the poet , the person whose thoughts cannot be arranged in the shape of an AutoContent slide .
" I hate to admit this , " Nass said , " but I actually removed a book from my syllabus last year because I could n't figure out how to PowerPoint it .
It 's a lovely book called ' Interface Culture , ' by Steven Johnson , but it 's very discursive ; the charm of it is the throwaways .
When I read this book , I thought , My head 's filled with ideas , and now I 've got to write out exactly what those ideas are , and - they 're not neat . "
He could n't get the book into bullet points ; every time he put something down , he realized that it was n't quite right .
Eventually , he abandoned the attempt , and instead of a lecture , he gave his students a recommendation .
He told them it was a good book , urged them to read it , and moved on to the next bullet point .
Posted by : Ian Parker | Apr 26 , 2006 2:41:12 PM
For all the people who avoid PowerPoint :
http://positivesharing.com/2006/05/cc-licensed-powerpoint-free-zone-logo/
Posted by : Alexander Kjerulf | May 23 , 2006 2:21:07 AM
Here 's your brain .
Here 's your brain on PowerPoint .
Enough said .
Posted by : Uncle Paul | Jun 20 , 2006 11:27:43 AM
Excellent article !
The fact that everybody uses PowerPoint is reason enough not to use it .
People walk into a PowerPoint presentation expecting to be bored to death .
Why start a meeting with one huge strike against you ?
Even really bad PowerPoint content will be more effective if you present it on a flip chart , white board , Etch A Sketh ... anything to make it different !
Posted by : Brad Shorr | Jun 26 , 2006 7:17:32 AM
Great and refresh new idea ,
We 're always stucked in those rules how to present our ideas to sleepy audience , I prefer comunicating with critical and key person to let useful info .
flew , purpose it to make everybody understand what I want , what we 're concerning ,
Posted by : Tiger | Sep 2 , 2006 8:16:37 AM
Great and refresh new idea ,
We 're always stucked in those rules how to present our ideas to sleepy audience , I prefer comunicating with critical and key person to let useful info .
flew , purpose it to make everybody understand what I want , what we 're concerning ,
Posted by : Tiger | Sep 2 , 2006 8:16:38 AM
Late to the party and probably lost under Ian 's verbal diarrhea , but this post from Guy Kawasaki is excellent .
The 10/20/30 rule of powerpoint , more great advice about being kind to your audience ( and getting your point across better too ) :
http://blog.guykawasaki.com/2005/12/the_102030_rule.html
Posted by : passerby | Sep 5 , 2006 9:06:36 AM
Powerpoints do put a barrier between presenter and participant .
I always ask for a flip chart when I present .
This is absolutely wonderful !
Posted by : Howard Oliver | Sep 18 , 2006 3:28:43 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Google Changes its Link Ranking in Big Daddy
Reciprocal Links Lose Value
Posted by Adam Hayes
The recent Big Daddy update at Google has changed the way Google ranks reciprocal links .
Well Matt Cutts just opened a lot of webmasters ' eyes about why their pages were disappearing from the Google index ( and it appears that we were right on in our thinking ) .
However , Matt did go on to add more information about inbound , outbound , and reciprocal links .
You can either read his " long blog " with its 261 + comments , or our condensed version :
The sites that fit “ no pages in Bigdaddy ” criteria were sites where our algorithms had very low trust in the inlinks or the outlinks of that site .
Examples that might cause that include excessive reciprocal links , linking to spammy neighborhoods on the web , or link buying / selling .
It appears that reciprocal links have been greatly devalued , and any sites that solely rely on reciprocal links for PageRank are going to suffer the most .
It also appears that Google has adopted the " birds of a feather " attitude in regards to linking from your site to sites that have excessive reciprocal links or buy / sell links .
You 've marked yourself if you are doing this .
So beware before you sign up for that next reciprocal link .
He continues :
It ’s not that reciprocal links are automatically bad .
It ’s more that many reciprocal links exist for the wrong reasons .
Off - topic links would n’t cause a penalty by themselves .
Now if the off - topic links are spammy , that could cause a problem .
In other words , if you reciprocate with every Tom , Dick , and Harry out there regardless of what the site is about , the quality of that link has diminished .
He also comments that your site will be indexed less often if you are a heavy reciprocal linker .
This comes from the following :
Your web page has mostly reciprocal links Reciprocal Links are devalued Your PageRank falls accordingly Lower PageRank mean fewer pages indexed Fewer pages indexed + lower PageRank means lower rankings
Fewer pages indexed also means more supplemental results ( read old and yucky )
In short :
Google is less likely to give those links as much weight now .
That ’s the simple explanation for why we do n’t crawl you as deeply , in my opinion .
We have a finite amount of crawling that we can do as well .
Bigdaddy is more deep , but we still have to make choices about whether to crawl more from site A or site B .
So here are the main things you should learn :
Reciprocal links have lost value
Linking to " spammy websites " will lower your links ' value
Lower PageRank will result in less crawling
All in all , it appears if you had taken our advice on reciprocal links losing their value as we mentioned back in Nov of 2005 , BigDaddy would n't have been such an upset .
E - Mail - Schreiber sind oft zu egozentrisch
Es ist immer schlecht , wenn man denkt , der andere wisse schon , was man wie meint .
Man steigert sich schnell in Missverständnisse hinein .
Bei schriftlicher Kommunikation ist dies besonders leicht möglich .
Früher war ein Telefonanruf wesentlich kürzer und angenehmer , als einen Brief aufzusetzen .
Dass beim Telefonieren außerdem zumindest ansatzweise die Laune des Gegenübers eingeschätzt werden kann , war ein angenehmer Nebeneffekt , obwohl Missverständnisse beim Telefonieren immer noch an der Tagesordnung sind : ein zur Grimasse gezogenes Gesicht bekommt der Mensch am anderen Ende schließlich genauso wenig zu sehen wie entnervtes Gefuchtel mit Händen und Füßen .
E - Mail ist heute zur Kommunikation wesentlich entspannender als Telefonieren , da sie nicht mitten in der Arbeit unterbricht .
Ebenso entfällt das Problem , dem anderen hinterhertelefonieren zu müssen , wenn dieser den halben Tag in Konferenzen oder auf Kundenbesuch ist .
Doch so , wie es früher auch schon bei den Briefen war , ist es heute auch bei der E - Mail : mit dem einen kann man wunderbar per E - Mail , mit dem anderen überhaupt nicht .
Dabei ist nicht einmal die persönliche Vorliebe des Gegenübers gemeint – manche mögen nun mal keine E - Mails , andere keine Anrufe , die Dritten verlegen alles regelmäßig , was auf Papier ins Haus kommt und sind infolgedessen von Brief und Fax entnervt .
Nein , es ist schlichtweg die Kommunikation zwischen diesen beiden Menschen gemeint , die in manchen Fällen auch schriftlich unproblematisch verläuft , während sich andere per Brief oder E - Mail ständig missverstehen und richtig in die Haare geraten .
Schriftliche Kommunikation hat ihre Tücken
Beruflich kann dies die besten Geschäfte versauen , privat sind schon die schönsten Freundschaften an einem missverstandenen Satz zugrunde gegangen .
Auch für Außenstehende offensichtlich wird das Problem , wenn Diskussionen in Mailinglisten und Foren entgleisen und " Flame wars " ausbrechen .
Neben den Fällen unsensibler Mitmenschen , die nicht daran denken , dass auf der anderen Seite des Internets auch ein Mensch sitzt oder denen dieses schlicht egal ist , gibt es auch noch andere Gründe , warum diese Streitereien eskalieren .
Sehr oft ist der Grund , dass Schreiber und Leser beide viel zu sehr in ihrer eigenen persönlichen
Welt gefangen sind , nach der sie die Botschaften interpretieren .
Insbesondere , wenn der Schreiber voraussetzt , dass der Leser schon wissen wird , wie etwas gemeint ist , oder notorisch nur drei , vier Worte schreibt , kann die E - Mail - Kommunikation ins komplette Abseits führen .
Die meisten Menschen überschätzen die Qualität der nonverbalen Kommunikation mit ihrem Gegenüber hoffnungslos , obwohl sie nicht mal bei zwei sich gegenüberstehenden Menschen reibungslos funktioniert .
Besonders in Beziehungen wird oft erwartet , dass der andere " Gedanken lesen " kann , nur weil das vor allem in der ersten Verliebtheit so wunderbar funktioniert hat , wo doch in Wirklichkeit nur ähnliche Stimmungen vorlagen .
Sind an einem anderen
Tag dann die Stimmungen der beiden Partner verschieden oder haben sie beispielsweise unterschiedliche Jugenderinnerungen , sodass bestimmte Gedankenbilder nicht zusammenpassen , versteht man sich plötzlich nicht mehr .
Die Bilder im Kopf passen nicht zusammen
Dass ganz konkret die nonverbale Kommunikation per E - Mail wesentlich schlechter funktioniert , als die meisten annehmen , bewiesen nun Justin Kruger von der Universität New York und Nicholas Epley von der Universität Chicago .
Sie stellten 30 Paare aus Studienanfängern zusammen und beauftragten jeweils die eine Hälfte , insgesamt 20 Aussagen über das Wetter , das Essen in der Mensa oder andere relativ triviale Themen schriftlich zu verfassen – allerdings je nach Anweisung der Forscher mal neutral und mal sarkastisch formuliert .
Die Schreiber waren überzeugt , dass ihre Botschaften in mindestens 80 % aller Fälle vom Gegenüber richtig verstanden werden .
Doch die Empfänger verstanden die E - Mails nur in 50 % aller Fälle so , wie vom Absender beabsichtigt .
Es war somit purer Zufall , ob die Kommunikation klappte oder nicht .
Epley und Kruger gehen dabei in ihrer im Journal of Personality and Social Psychology veröffentlichten Studie davon aus , dass die Autoren der E - Mails diese beim Schreiben akustisch im Hinterkopf haben und damit auch eventuelle Stimmungen .
Doch dieser „ Tonfall “ bleibt natürlich beim Versand der E - Mail auf der Strecke und auch Smileys sind nur ein schwacher Ersatz .
Wenn man merkt , dass eine schriftliche Kommunikation ins Abseits führt , sollte man also das Medium wechseln und telefonieren oder sich persönlich unterhalten – so es dafür nicht bereits zu spät ist… ( Wolf - Dieter Roth )
Among the other charges are the fabrication and the use of false documents , illegal entry and residence in Belgium , possession of illegal weapons and criminal association with a terrorist enterprise , in this case the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group , or G.I.C.M. , a loose - knit organization founded by Moroccans , many of whom were trained in Afghanistan before the Taliban were overthrown .
Mr. Bouloudo is also believed to have trained there .
" The case is a prototype of the new post - Afghanistan network -- a little bit of everything : native - born radicals , immigrants from Morocco , travel to places like Saudi Arabia , connection to operations like Madrid , " said Glenn Audenaert , the director of Belgium 's federal police force .
" It 's like handling a number of particles of mercury , toxic in themselves and even more toxic when they come together . "
Several lawyers for the defendants said their clients were innocent of terrorist activities , although they said they expected them to be convicted of lesser charges .
A Logistical Base
Despite a well - integrated Moroccan immigrant population that has lived and worked in Belgium for more than half a century , the country has become the destination of choice for many French - speaking immigrants who are put off by France 's intrusive security and intelligence services and tougher laws .
It was in Belgium , for example , that the two Tunisian killers of Ahmed Shah Massoud , the Afghan resistance leader who was assassinated in 2001 , received logistical support .
Disguised as journalists , they had Belgian passports and had traveled to Afghanistan from Belgium .
Even defense lawyers involved in the Asparagus 18 trial acknowledge the attractiveness of Belgium as a support center for international criminal and even terrorist activity .
" Belgium has become a logistical base for these people , " said Didier de Quévy , a lawyer who has been involved in terrorist cases in the past and is representing one of the defendants .
" They have come here because the penalties have been light . "
Indeed , Belgium 's terrorism - fighting tools are limited , even though Brussels , as the headquarters of both the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , is the closest Europe comes to having a Continental capital .
Senate set to reject gay marriage ban Backers see ' important debate ' ; critics blast effort to ' misdirect ' Amendment Text " Marriage in the United States shall consist only of the union of a man and a woman .
Neither this Constitution , nor the constitution of any State , shall be construed to require that marriage or the legal incidents thereof be conferred upon any union other than the union of a man and a woman . "
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Senate Same - sex marriages Civil Rights Constitution or or Create Your Own WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Senate is scheduled to vote Wednesday morning on a controversial constitutional amendment banning same - sex marriage , but even supporters concede the measure does not have enough votes to win approval .
Nonetheless , proponents are defending the decision by Republican leaders to bring the amendment to the Senate floor , dismissing complaints from opponents that the measure is a pernicious election - year ploy that has wasted precious time on the legislative calendar .
" I do n't believe there 's any issue that 's more important than this one , " said Sen. David Vitter , a Louisiana Republican .
" I think this debate is very healthy , and it 's winning a lot of hearts and minds .
I think we 're going to show real progress . "
" The federal marriage amendment debate simply is an opportunity for us to affirm our support for marriage , " said Sen. John Thune , a South Dakota Republican .
" It is an important debate to have in this country . "
But Sen .
Ted Kennedy , a Massachusetts Democrat , denounced the proposed amendment Tuesday as " an instrument of bigotry and prejudice , " which he said was designed by the GOP leadership " to try to bring Republican senators out of the ditch of disapproval . "
And Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said that " the reason the Senate Republicans are pushing this marriage amendment is because they do n't want to address the real issues of this country . "
" This is an effort by the president and the majority in the House and the Senate to distort , to misdirect what the real issues are , " he told reporters Tuesday .
The Senate on Wednesday morning will vote not on the amendment itself but on a procedural motion to cut off debate , which requires 60 votes to pass .
The motion is expected to fail , effectively blocking the measure from clearing the Senate .
( Watch the politics behind the proposed ban -- 4:32 )
The vote is scheduled for 10 a.m. , after a final hour of debate , a GOP leadership source told CNN .
The Senate began debate on the amendment Monday afternoon .
Even if the measure were able to clear the procedural vote , a two - thirds majority -- 67 votes -- would be required for final approval of a constitutional amendment -- an even higher hurdle to overcome .
However , supporters are predicting they will be able to eke out a simple majority in Wednesday 's test vote , which they insist is a sign of momentum .
The last time the Senate voted on the amendment , in July 2004 , only 48 senators supported it and 50 were opposed .
Since then , however , five Democrats who voted against the measure have been replaced by Republicans who support it , including Vitter , Thune and Sens. Mel Martinez of Florida , Jim DeMint of South Carolina and Richard Burr of North Carolina .
McCain opposition Sen. John McCain on Tuesday told the Senate that he would oppose the amendment despite his belief that " marriage should be reserved for the union of a man and a woman . "
" I disagree that the current Constitutional structure provides insufficient mechanisms for ensuring that the public meaning of marriage is not tampered with by activist judges , " the Arizona Republican said , according to prepared remarks .
Spurred on by religious conservatives in his political base , President Bush has called on the Senate to approve the amendment , saying it is necessary to protect the institution of marriage from state court decisions striking down marriage laws that exclude gay and lesbian couples .
So far that has happened in just one state , Massachusetts , where same - sex marriages became legal in 2003 , although court cases are pending in a number of other states .
But proponents of the ban expressed a sense of urgency .
" As we speak , there are nine states whose law is protecting the traditional definition of marriage are being challenged in court , " said Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist on Monday .
However , even some opponents of same - sex marriage are wary of the federal amendment , which they see as an unwarranted intrusion into an area traditionally left up to states .
Martinez dismissed that argument at a news conference Tuesday , insisting that " it is n't good enough to say , ' Leave it up to the states . ' " " If we leave it up to the states we will see the erosion of marriage that we 've seen by activist courts , which we otherwise will not see if we protect the institution of marriage at the federal level , " he said .
To become part of the Constitution an amendment needs approval from at least two - thirds of the Senate ( 67 of the 100 members ) , at least two - thirds of the House ( 290 of the 435 members ) and three - fourths of the states ( 38 of the 50 states ) , or by a convention called by three - fourths of the states .
In the nearly 220 years since the Constitution was written , only 27 amendments have made it through this arduous approval process , the most recent in 1992 governing the timing of changes in congressional compensation .
No amendment has been approved by a convention .
CNN's Dana Bash contributed to this report .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Police said a walker found the body on the ground
Police said they were treating the death in Chingford of Neil Coulbeck , who worked for the Royal Bank of Scotland until 2004 , as " unexplained " .
He had been interviewed by the FBI as a potential witness .
Three ex-workers of RBS subsidiary NatWest are being extradited to the US on Thursday to face fraud charges .
The extradition has sparked a political row , with opposition parties and human rights groups claiming the treaty under which they are being sent to the US is one - sided as the Americans are yet to ratify it .
' Highly regarded '
Prime Minister Tony Blair has rejected calls to renegotiate the extradition terms .
Mr Coulbeck 's body was found in a park near Newgate Street , Chingford , on Tuesday .
Mr Coulbeck 's wife had reported him missing last Thursday .
Police have yet to formally identify the body , which was removed from the parkland on Wednesday afternoon .
One day when this is all over I 'm going to be coming home to my wife and children and some poor guy is not
David Bermingham
Former NatWest banker
MPs protest at extradition Q&A : Extradition
Mr Coulbeck had worked at the Royal Bank of Scotland until 2004 , most recently as head of group treasury , the bank confirmed .
" Neil was highly regarded by his colleagues here in RBS and was a respected , capable and hard working member of our senior management team . "
The fraud case centres on a NatWest transaction under which it sold off part of its Enron unit .
RBS said : " There is no evidence that Mr Coulbeck was involved in the approval of the transaction under investigation .
" RBS has co-operated fully with all the appropriate authorities and made them fully aware of all the relevant facts in our possession . "
The FBI said it would not comment while the case was ongoing .
' Appalling '
One of the so - called NatWest three , David Bermingham , said he had been " knocked sideways by the news " of Mr Coulbeck 's death .
" It is awful , appalling .
One day when this is all over I 'm going to be coming home to my wife and children and some poor guy is not and my heart goes out to his wife and family , " he said .
He described Mr Coulbeck as " a superstar , a thoroughly decent , honest professional guy and a very experienced banker " .
The former NatWest executives deny any wrongdoing
Mr Coulbeck was among NatWest staff who made witness statements about the extradition , Mr Bermingham , of Goring , Berkshire , said .
" Neil 's statement was no more than a page and a half saying who he was and his role , " he said .
Fellow accused Giles Darby , speaking from his home in Lower Wraxall , Somerset , said he was " absolutely shocked " by the death .
" It 's an utter tragedy .
I 'm struggling to take it in , really .
" Of course , my thoughts are now with Neil 's family and friends . "
In 2002 , US prosecutors issued arrest warrants for the three men , accusing them of conspiring to defraud their employers and investors in energy giant Enron , which had collapsed a year earlier .
It is alleged that the three British bankers - Mr Bermingham , Gary Mulgrew and Mr Darby - advised their employer Greenwich NatWest to sell off its stake in an Enron unit at well below its market value .
MPs ' protest
They then left the bank and purchased a $ 250,000 ( £ 135,000 ) stake in the unit - which they sold on at a much higher price , making a profit of $ 7.3 m ( £ 3.9 m ) .
They deny any wrongdoing .
Their extradition was debated by MPs in an emergency session of Commons on Wednesday .
After a three - hour debate they voted by a majority of 242 to adjourn the Commons early in symbolic protest at the government 's extradition arrangements .
On Tuesday , peers had voted in favour of suspending extradition agreements with the US until the UK - US treaty had been ratified there .
Being a professional car - tester , which is to say a person who gets asked for unpaid car - buying advice practically every day , I know these distinctions have already been lost on many car buyers .
And I fear they 're well on their way to being lost on our governments , too .
Lately , right - minded people have been calling me and telling me they 're thinking about buying the Lexus 400H , a new hybrid S.U.V .
When I tell them that they'd get better mileage in some conventional S.U.V.'s , and even better mileage with a passenger car , they protest , " But it 's a hybrid ! "
I remind them that the 21 miles per gallon I saw while driving the Lexus is not particularly brilliant , efficiency - wise -- hybrid or not .
Because the Lexus 400H is a relatively heavy car and because its electric motor is deployed to provide speed more than efficiency , it will never be a mileage champ .
The car that started the hybrid craze , the Toyota Prius , is lauded for squeezing 40 or more miles out of a gallon of gas , and it really can .
But only when it 's being driven around town , where its electric motor does its best and most active work .
On a cross-country excursion in a Prius , the staff of Automobile Magazine discovered mileage plummeted on the Interstate .
In fact , the car 's computer , which controls the engine and the motor , allowing them to run together or separately , was programmed to direct the Prius to spend most of its highway time running on gasoline because at higher speeds the batteries quickly get exhausted .
Indeed , the gasoline engine worked so hard that we calculated we might have used less fuel on our journey if we had been driving Toyota 's conventionally powered , similarly sized Corolla -- which costs thousands less .
For the owner who does the majority of her driving on the highway , the Prius 's potential for fuel economy will never be realized and its price premium never recovered .
For years , most of the world 's big car makers have shied away from building hybrids because while they are technologically intriguing , they are also an inelegant engineering solution -- the use of two energy sources assures extra weight , extra complexity and extra expense ( as much as $ 6,000 more per car . )
The hybrid car 's electric battery packs rob space from passengers and cargo and although they can be recycled , not every owner can be counted on to do the right thing at the end of their vehicle 's service life .
And an unrecycled hybrid battery pack , which weighs more than 100 pounds , poses a major environmental hazard .
So the ideal hybrid car is one that is used in town and carefully disposed of at the end of its days .
Hybrid taxis and buses make enormous sense .
But the market knows no such distinctions .
People think they want hybrids and they 'll buy them , even if a conventional car would make more sense for their pocketbook and for the environment .
The danger is that the automakers will co-opt the hybrids ' green mantle and , with the help of a government looking to bail out its troubled friends in Detroit , misguidedly encourage the sale of hybrids without reference to their actual effect on oil consumption .
IN RECENT YEARS , I have become increasingly concerned by a host of radical government policies that now threaten many basic principles espoused by all previous administrations , Democratic and Republican .
These include the rudimentary American commitment to peace , economic and social justice , civil liberties , our environment and human rights .
Also endangered are our historic commitments to providing citizens with truthful information , treating dissenting voices and beliefs with respect , state and local autonomy and fiscal responsibility .
At the same time , our political leaders have declared independence from the restraints of international organizations and have disavowed long - standing global agreements -- including agreements on nuclear arms , control of biological weapons and the international system of justice .
Advertisement
Instead of our tradition of espousing peace as a national priority unless our security is directly threatened , we have proclaimed a policy of “ preemptive war , ” an unabridged right to attack other nations unilaterally to change an unsavory regime or for other purposes .
When there are serious differences with other nations , we brand them as international pariahs and refuse to permit direct discussions to resolve disputes .
Regardless of the costs , there are determined efforts by top U.S. leaders to exert American imperial dominance throughout the world .
These revolutionary policies have been orchestrated by those who believe that our nation ’s tremendous power and influence should not be internationally constrained .
Even with our troops involved in combat and America facing the threat of additional terrorist attacks , our declaration of “ You are either with us or against us ! ” has replaced the forming of alliances based on a clear comprehension of mutual interests , including the threat of terrorism .
Another disturbing realization is that , unlike during other times of national crisis , the burden of conflict is now concentrated exclusively on the few heroic men and women sent back repeatedly to fight in the quagmire of Iraq .
The rest of our nation has not been asked to make any sacrifice , and every effort has been made to conceal or minimize public awareness of casualties .
Advertisement
Instead of cherishing our role as the great champion of human rights , we now find civil liberties and personal privacy grossly violated under some extreme provisions of the Patriot Act .
Of even greater concern is that the U.S. has repudiated the Geneva accords and espoused the use of torture in Iraq , Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay , and secretly through proxy regimes elsewhere with the so - called extraordinary rendition program .
It is embarrassing to see the president and vice president insisting that the CIA should be free to perpetrate “ cruel , inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment ” on people in U.S. custody .
Instead of reducing America ’s reliance on nuclear weapons and their further proliferation , we have insisted on our right ( and that of others ) to retain our arsenals , expand them , and therefore abrogate or derogate almost all nuclear arms control agreements negotiated during the last 50 years .
We have now become a prime culprit in global nuclear proliferation .
America also has abandoned the prohibition of “ first use ” of nuclear weapons against nonnuclear nations , and is contemplating the previously condemned deployment of weapons in space .
Protection of the environment has fallen by the wayside because of government subservience to political pressure from the oil industry and other powerful lobbying groups .
The last five years have brought continued lowering of pollution standards at home and almost universal condemnation of our nation ’s global environmental policies .
Advertisement
Our government has abandoned fiscal responsibility by unprecedented favors to the rich , while neglecting America ’s working families .
Members of Congress have increased their own pay by $ 30,000 per year since freezing the minimum wage at $ 5.15 per hour ( the lowest among industrialized nations ) .
I am extremely concerned by a fundamentalist shift in many houses of worship and in government , as church and state have become increasingly intertwined in ways previously thought unimaginable .
As the world ’s only superpower , America should be seen as the unswerving champion of peace , freedom and human rights .
Our country should be the focal point around which other nations can gather to combat threats to international security and to enhance the quality of our common environment .
We should be in the forefront of providing human assistance to people in need .
It is time for the deep and disturbing political divisions within our country to be substantially healed , with Americans united in a common commitment to revive and nourish the historic political and moral values that we have espoused during the last 230 years .
World of Warcraft hackers using Sony BMG rootkit
Want to cheat in your online game and not get caught ?
Just buy a Sony BMG copy protected CD .
World of Warcraft hackers have confirmed that the hiding capabilities of Sony BMG 's content protection software can make tools made for cheating in the online world impossible to detect .
The software -- deemed a " rootkit " by many security experts -- is shipped with tens of thousands of the record company 's music titles .
Blizzard Entertainment , the maker of World of Warcraft , has created a controversial program that detects cheaters by scanning the processes that are running at the time the game is played .
Called the Warden , the anti-cheating program cannot detect any files that are hidden with Sony BMG 's content protection , which only requires that the hacker add the prefix " $sys $ " to file names .
Despite making a patch available on Wednesday to consumers to amend its copy protection software 's behavior , Sony BMG and First 4 Internet , the maker of the content protection technology , have both disputed claims that their system could harm the security of a Windows system .
Yet , other software makers that rely on the integrity of the operating system are finding that hidden code makes security impossible .
There 's lots of reasons why languages like Lisp and Scheme make ideal environments for serving up web pages .
Unfortunately , setting up a web server that uses these languages can be intimidating .
Sure , you can tell someone something like " Oh just use mod_lisp and you 're good to go ! "
But things are just not that easy - Just because someone has some interest in programming lisp / scheme does not mean they know the intricacies of Apache or know how to configure the minutiae of their own linux system .
Whenever software needs to be configured to talk to other software or the outside world , it has a way of just not doing anything and making debugging nigh impossible .
I realized how difficult it was to setup a scheme - enabled server last weekend - Setting up a server that works with SISC Scheme seems like a perfect web environment to me , since SISC supports true continuations and since it runs within JAVA , a language with plenty of great web development tools supporting it .
Basically , I expected it would take me a couple of hours to set up a Debian / Tomcat / SISC web server , but it took about 20 hours instead ...
In order to avoid others such headaches , I have created this set of instructions :
If you follow them precisely , you will have built yourself a powerful Debian system from the ground up to serve up scheme web pages and should be able to do so ( hopefully ) without running into any unexpected configuration nightmares !
How can I Host a Scheme Web Server ?
One of the big conundrums of Scheme web programming is that it requires more control over the web server than a mom-and - pop web hosting company will give you :
You need to be able to install your own Scheme software on the server -
Most web hosters will only want you to serve up static html pages and maybe do a little PHP programming , which is not enough to make Scheme applications possible .
However , there are web hosting plans available that make it possible to host J2EE web applications , and SISC Scheme ( Since it is Java - based ) can run in such an environment .
Since I was interested in an environment that allows more control over my Scheme applications , I decided to build my own Scheme server taking advantage of a technology called User Mode Linux .
The idea behind UML is to build a version of linux that can run other copies of linux inside of it so that they behave just like their own computers .
The web company can now have just one mondo web server at their office and it can run lots of smaller web servers inside of it , all controlled individually by people who want their own virtual co-located server that they have complete control over :
challenge : if google owned everything b3ta challenge : if google owned everything
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Coffee Syringe
This thing makes a really good cup of coffee fast .
It ’s well made , compact , and clean up is easy .
The AeroPress is 2.5 inch diameter syringe with a paper micro filter mounted across the bottom .
It sits on top of a common coffee mug for brewing .
You put in fine ground coffee measured with the included scoop .
The scoop is about 1.5 times bigger than the ones you might get with regular a drip coffee maker .
You put in hot water at the recommended 175 degrees which is cooler than other methods .
You stir for 10 seconds and push the plunger in .
Compressed air pushes the coffee out in 10 – 20 seconds .
What you have in the cup is concentrated coffee .
If you dilute it about 50/50 with hot water you get the strength of a regular cup of good coffee .
It tastes great !
I have a French press , a vacuum brewer , various kinds of drip brewers , a good espresso machine , and I roast my own coffee .
Since I got my AeroPress two months ago I favor it for all my coffee except espresso .
It ’s not fair to call the AeroPress concentrate espresso as the manufacture does but that ’s a minor point .
-- Frank Cox
ASTANA , Kazakhstan , Sept. 26 — There is no Running of the Jews here .
No one greets you with the expression “ Jagshemash , ” which is either nonsense , garbled Polish or mangled Czech ; it ’s hard to say .
The country ’s national drink is not made from horse urine , though fermented horse milk , or kumys , is considered a delicacy .
( It tastes like effervescent yogurt . )
There is almost nothing , in short , remotely truthful in the satiric depiction of Kazakhstan popularized by Sacha Baron Cohen , the British comedian who plays a bumbling , boorish , anti-Semitic , homophobic and misogynistic Kazakh television reporter named Borat Sagdiyev .
And yet Borat — Mr. Cohen , that is — has managed to infuriate and confound the country ’s officials .
Their attempts to respond , to set the record straight , have resulted only in more attention here , where Borat ’s antics , shown on British and American television and on the Internet , now make the rounds like samizdat from the long - gone days when the country was part of the Soviet Union .
“ You mean Ali G ? ” Artyom Artyukhov , an 18 - year - old student , said in a sleek new coffeehouse in Almaty , the country ’s commercial center , referring to Mr. Cohen ’s “ Ali G Show , ” where Borat first emerged to haunt this proud , prickly Central Asian nation .
“ A friend from the United States brought me a disc . ”
For the concurrency library in Factor I 've struggled to come up with good ways of writing the main loop of processes that handle messages .
Erlang makes it so nice being able to create tuples and break them apart using pattern matching .
I 've gone from using Factor arrays and breaking them apart with ' first ' , etc to using generic functions .
The latter works well but ends up quite verbose for small servers .
You need to create tuple types for the different messages - and handling tagged messages to reply to had to be done differently to other messages .
To make this sort of thing easier I 've written a match word for Factor that does pattern matching .
I based it on code from Paul Graham 's excellent Common Lisp book , On Lisp .
Given a Factor sequence or primitive type you can pattern match and create bindings to symbols with a special format .
Any symbol that begins with a ' ? ' character is used as a pattern match variable , and binds to the value in a matching sequence .
Here 's a simple example :
" match " require USE : match SYMBOL : ?a SYMBOL : ?b SYMBOL : ?c { 1 2 3 } { ? a ?b ?c } match . =>
H{ { ?a 1 } { ?b 2 } { ?c 3 } }
The two sequences match in that they are both sequences with three items .
So the result is a hashtable containing the pattern match variables as keys and the values of those variables in the second sequence as the value .
If items in the sequence are not pattern match variables then they must match exactly :
{ 1 2 3 } { 1 2 ?a } match . =>
H{ { ?a 3 } } { 1 2 3 } { 2 2 ?a } match . => f
The second example does n't match as the first element in both sequences is not the vaue ' 2 ' .
Matching works recursively too :
{ 1 2 { 3 4 } { 5 6 } } { 1 2 ?a { ?b ?c } } match . =>
H{ { ?a { 3 4 } } { ?b 5 } { ?c 6 } }
This type of pattern matching is very useful for deconstructing messages sent to distributed factor objects .
But even more useful is to be able to have something like ' cond ' but working directly with patterns .
This is what match - cond does .
It takes a sequence and an array of arrays .
Each sub-array contains the pattern to match the sequence against , and a quotation to execute if that pattern matched .
The quotation is executed with the hashtable result of the pattern match bound in the current namespace scope , allowing easy retrieval of the pattern match variables .
It sounds complex but is actually very easy in practice .
Here what an example ' counter ' process might look like using ' match - cond ' :
SYMBOL : ?value SYMBOL : ? from SYMBOL : ?tag : counter ( value -- ) receive { { { increment ? value } [ ? value get + counter ] } { { decrement ? value } [ ? value get - counter ] } { { get ?
from } [ dup ?
from get send counter ] } { _ [ " Unmatched message " print counter ] } } match - cond ;
This is a process that keeps track of a count value .
You can send messages to increment or decrement the count by an amount , or to get the value and send it back to the calling process .
So sends / receives look like :
[ 0 counter ] spawn { increment 5 } over send { decrement 10 } over send [ get , self , ] { } make swap send receive . => -5
This works out to be quite readable and much nicer than my previous attempts .
The match and match - cond code is still a work in progress .
I plan to add the ability to pattern match on tuples , all the factor sequence types , and to repeat pattern match variables to ensure the same repitition occurs in the target sequence .
For example :
T{ person f " chris " " double " } T{ person f ? first ? last } match . =>
H{ { ? first " chris " } { ? last " double " } } { " one " " two " " one " " two " } { ? a ?b ?a ?b } match . =>
H{ { ? a " one " } { ? b " two " } } { " 1 " " two " " one " " two " } { ? a ?b ?a ?b } match . => f</pre>
The match library is split out from concurrency since it 's likely to be quite usable for other things in Factor .
It 's available from my repository ( and is likely to be available shortly from the main Factor repository ) .
To get the patches from my repository :
Now , of Sugar Babes ' 90 official members , roughly 40 percent have Type 2 .
One is 8 .
Another is 7 .
It scares Dr. St. Louis .
It scares many doctors who see the same thing , because they know it does not have to be .
Type 2 was supposed to be an old person 's disease .
Diabetes still increases with age in an almost linear fashion - today , one in five New Yorkers age 65 and older have it - but the starting point used to be mostly in their 50's .
Dr. Alan Shapiro , a pediatrician with the Children 's Health Fund and Montefiore Medical Center who has spent 13 years ministering to children in the South Bronx , said there was an easy way to illustrate the change .
When he began , there was a " failure - to - thrive " clinic , meant to address the undernourished , because so many children were dangerously thin and small .
" Now I do n't think we hardly ever see a failure - to - thrive case , " he said .
In the clinic 's place is an obesity program .
Dr. Shapiro never saw children with Type 2 diabetes in his early years in medicine .
Now , the program has about 10 cases .
One concern he and fellow doctors have is the surge in children who take antipsychotic drugs for anxiety and conditions like autism .
Some newer drugs can promote weight gain and thus elevate the risk of diabetes .
Dr. Shapiro has an autistic patient who he feels needs the new medication .
But since taking it , the young man has markedly put on weight and , at 18 , developed diabetes .
This extension of the disease to the young is where health care professionals feel society and public policy have most glaringly failed .
Diabetes , they say , should never have gotten there .
There has been little research into the long - term impact of Type 2 diabetes on children .
But doctors have a rough idea .
The harsh consequences that can accompany diabetes tend to arrive 10 to 15 years after onset .
If people contract diabetes when they are 15 , 10 or even 5 , they may well start developing complications , not on the cusp of retirement but in the prime of their lives .
I loved watching Kimmel ’s traditional closing for each show he made in last season , nice apology to Matt Damon for running short on time as a goodbye note .
Sweet and nasty .
This is his way of making up for all the inconvenience he caused him .
xlomSVQ0M -A
The UN today said it had " indefinitely postponed " moves to send an international stabilisation force to south Lebanon , as both sides in the conflict resumed strikes .
Less than 24 hours after a two - day pause in the bombing was announced , the Israeli military and Hizbullah fighters attacked again .
Tonight , the Israeli prime minister , Ehud Olmert , said there would be no ceasefire " in the coming days " .
" We cannot allow the terrorist state that Hizbullah had built up across the border to continue to grow strong , " he said .
" We can not allow them to continue to amass weapons .
We have decided to fight back and will continue until the threat has been removed . "
In New York , a UN official said a meeting scheduled for this afternoon to discuss sending a multinational force to the region had been delayed " until there is more political clarity " on the path ahead .
The delay will be a significant set back to Tony Blair and George Bush who , during their joint press conference in Washington on Friday , said the international stabilisation force should be quickly established in Lebanon and that a plan to halt hostilities was needed on an " urgent basis " .
Today , the US president repeated that demand while on a trip to Florida .
" A multinational force must be dispatched quickly to speed up the humanitarian aid to the Lebanese people , " Mr Bush said shortly before the postponement of the UN meeting emerged .
A Downing Street spokesman , travelling with the prime minister in California , said Mr Blair was " disappointed " by the UN decision .
Israeli air force jets bombed southern Lebanon this morning , despite the 48 - hour suspension of air strikes negotiated by the US secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , yesterday after an attack that left more than 60 dead .
Today 's strikes , near the village of Taibe , were carried out in support of ground forces operating in the area and did not target anything specific , the Israeli army said .
Israeli troops this afternoon moved into the Aita al - Shaab area of Lebanon in a new incursion , the army said .
Israeli planes attacked targets in southern Lebanon after Hizbullah guerrillas hit an Israeli tank and injured three Israeli soldiers .
Mortars were also fired at the Israeli town of Kiryat Shemona .
Israeli officials had said , in announcing the halt to air strikes , that they would suspend the cessation depending on " operational developments " in Lebanon .
In a second air strike around the port city of Tyre , Israel accidentally killed a Lebanese soldier when it hit a car that it believed was carrying a senior Hizbullah official , the Israeli army said .
Lebanese security officials said the soldier was killed by a rocket strike from a pilotless drone aircraft .
The cessation was negotiated after Lebanese leaders cancelled their meetings with Ms Rice following yesterday 's attack on the southern Lebanese town of Qana , which rights group Human Rights Watch today labelled a " war crime " .
The 48 - hour window was intended to allow civilians trapped in southern Lebanon to escape to the north of the country , away from the threat of bombardment .
Some 200 Lebanese , mostly elderly and weak , limped to safety after weeks stuck in Bint Jbail , which has seen some of the bloodiest ground fighting of the 20 - day - old conflict .
Rescuers took advantage of the relative peace and began recovering bodies from the rubble of targeted areas .
Lebanese Red Cross sources said 12 bodies were recovered in the village of Sreefa , nine in Zibqeen and four in Qleileh , all east of the port city of Tyre .
Three other bodies were recovered in three other villages .
They said rescue workers were looking for dozens more bodies believed to be buried under the rubble in a cluster of border villages and towns bombarded by Israeli aircraft over the past three weeks .
Israel 's three - week offensive in Lebanon has killed at least 578 people , mostly civilians .
The Lebanese health minister , Mohammad Khalifeh , put the number of unrecovered bodies at 200 , which would take the death toll to 750 in Lebanon .
Fifty - one Israelis have also been killed .
Civil defence workers were using a bulldozer to clear rubble from where around 30 civilians were believed buried under houses destroyed in an Israeli air strike in Sreefa two weeks ago .
The Taibe strike happened as Israeli troops pushed towards the village .
Hizbullah rockets were fired from the border area close to Taibe this morning , landing near Kiryat Shemona .
The renewed violence called into question Ms Rice 's further objective of a UN security council resolution on a ceasefire , which she hopes to achieve by the end of the week .
" This morning , as I head back to Washington , I take with me an emerging consensus on what is necessary for both an urgent ceasefire and lasting settlement .
I am convinced we can achieve both this week , " she told reporters in Jerusalem .
Spectrum auctions have proven themselves to be a lucrative way for the US government to distribute unused spectrum .
As wireless technologies mature , demand for unused spectrum increases .
That 's why so many were disappointed with the US government delaying the shutdown of analog television broadcasting until 2009 .
Analog TV occupies some prime wireless real estate that could arguably be better used .
One such auction is slated for next month , where the Federal Communications Commission is expected to raise between US $ 8 billion to US $ 15 billion as it sells off some empty bandwidth .
Three Silicon Valley venture capital firms are eyeing a chunk of that spectrum and have contacted the FCC with a plan that would take about 20 MHz of it off the auctioneer 's block .
The three firms , all of which have over US $ 1.5 billion in assets under management , have banded together to back M2Z Networks , Inc. , a new firm that is eyeballing the spectrum .
M2 Z 's plan works like this : let us have the 20MHz slice of spectrum between 2155MHz and 2175MHz for the next 15 years , and we 'll give the government 5 percent of the gross revenues generated from selling wireless broadband access .
M2Z would offer two tiers of wireless broadband service : a free , ad - supported service that would top at at 512 Kbps , and a premium , paid - service that would presumably be much faster .
There are currently no details available on which technology would be used to provide the wireless broadband service , but it 's safe to guess that it will be WiMAX which is finally nearing an official US rollout .
In its FCC filings , M2Z has played the universal access card , reminding the Commission of President Bush 's stated desire to have broadband available all across the US by 2007 .
It is also promising to provide " state of the art " filters to block access to sites deemed undesirable .
Making such content filtering an option for those who are concerned about innocent eyes stumbling across undesirable content makes sense , but incorporating it wholesale into its wireless broadband offering would be bad business .
So far , the FCC has yet to officially comment on M2 Z 's proposal .
There has been at least one meeting between the two parties to talk about the idea .
If the decision is to be made based solely on the almighty dollar , then the question that follows is whether 5 percent of the gross revenues over 15 years is better than a guaranteed seven - or eight - figure check written at the conclusion of the auction .
If M2 Z 's proposed network can provide service to areas traditionally underserved by broadband today ( e.g. , rural areas ) while providing a compelling alternative to the DSL and cable duopolies in larger towns and metropolitan areas , it could prove to be quite popular .
" If we were not with you , you wo n't manage anything , " said President Pervez Musharraf in a BBC Radio 4 interview .
He said the Taleban , not al - Qaeda , was now the focus of the struggle against militancy in the region .
" The greatest danger today is if the Taleban movement gets converted into a people 's movement , " he warned .
Earlier this week Tony Blair assured Gen Musharraf a leaked paper condemning Pakistan 's intelligence service did not reflect his government 's view .
In the leaked report , a naval commander at the Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) claimed Pakistan 's intelligence service , ISI , had indirectly helped the Taleban and al - Qaeda .
In the BBC interview Mr Musharraf rejected these claims and said ISI 's support was vital .
If we were not with you , you wo n't manage anything
President Pervez Musharraf
" You 'll be brought down to your knees if Pakistan does n't co-operate with you .
That is all that I would like to say .
Pakistan is the main ally .
If we were not with you , you wo n't manage anything , " he said .
" Let that be clear .
And if ISI is not with you , you will fail . "
' Historic debt '
He also claims the US and Britain had a historic debt to pay as Pakistan had helped " win the Cold War " for the West .
He argued that the West 's strategy in Afghanistan towards the end of the Cold War helped to create the conditions which led to al - Qaeda 's rise .
President Musharraf said mujahideen fighters went into the area from all over the world and the West armed and trained the Taleban .
He said Pakistan was then left " high and dry " .
His comments develop arguments he has made over the past few days at meetings with US President George W Bush and Tony Blair and a speech given in Oxford .
Gen Musharraf said the Pakistani government 's aim in the country 's tribal border areas was to " wean the people away " from supporting the Taleban , pointing out that while al - Qaeda was mainly comprised of " foreigners " , the Taleban 's support was more locally based .
He denied the suggestion that the tribal elders with whom the government has forged a recent agreement are a front for the Taleban .
He said the tribal elders were the " only way " to establish support from the local population : " The army can not get them on our side " .
' Disappearances ' denied
Gen Musharraf also strongly denied allegations by the human rights organisation Amnesty International that some alleged terror suspects had vanished without trace .
" I do n't want even to reply to that , it is a nonsense , I do n't believe it , I do n't trust it , " he said .
HAVE YOUR SAY Pakistan has put all its efforts towards the eradication of terrorism
Maryam Shahbaz , Sialkot , Pakistan
Send us your views
Of the leaked MoD paper , British defence officials claimed it was written by a junior official , was unfinished and had not been seen by anyone who actually makes government policy .
After two hours of talks on Thursday Downing Street said Gen Musharraf had accepted Mr Blair 's reassurances .
NEW YORK --
Tests show that some of the testosterone in Floyd Landis ' system at the Tour de France was synthetic and not naturally produced by his body as he claimed , according to a newspaper report .
The French antidoping lab testing the American cyclist 's samples determined that some of the hormone came from an external source , The New York Times reported on its Web site Monday night , citing a person at the International Cycling Union with knowledge of the result .
A confirmation of the result would undermine the defense that Landis has stood behind since he tested positive for an abnormally high ratio of testosterone to epitestosterone in one sample taken following the 17th stage of the Tour de France , where he staged a stirring comeback in the Alps to make up for a poor performance the day before .
The analysis of Landis ' " B " sample is expected to take place Thursday through Saturday at the Chatenay - Malabry anti-doping lab outside Paris , International Cycling Union spokesman Enrico Carpani said Tuesday .
If the " B " sample is negative , Landis would be cleared .
If it
is positive , which his lawyers expect , he could be stripped of his
Tour victory and banned for two years .
Landis could become the
first
Tour winner to lose the title in a doping case .
He will be given " due process " to defend himself before an
arbitration panel -- which could delay any possible penalties -- if
he continues to deny the allegations , UCI president Pat McQuaid
said .
" It could take weeks , " McQuaid told The Associated Press by
telephone .
If the test is confirmed , no penalties could be decided
" until the disciplinary process is completed . "
It could take even longer if the case goes to the Court of
Arbitration for Sport .
McQuaid said Tuesday he had not seen the lab
findings and could not confirm the Times report , but the cycling body had asked the French lab to speed up its analysis .
McQuaid said the uncertainty was not good for the sport .
" The longer it goes until the ' B ' sample is tested , the more
speculation , and the more denial and the more of everything that
goes on , " he told The Associated Press during a telephone
interview .
Analysis of the B sample takes 2 ½ days , he said , and the lab
closes this weekend for August vacation .
Landis ' lawyers in Spain filed an official request for the " B " test late Monday .
But Carpani said the UCI had already filed its own request earlier Monday because of concerns about the case dragging on .
Landis ' Swiss - based team , Phonak , wants the results as quickly
as possible .
" The sooner that 's done , the better it will be for the team , " Phonak team manager John Lelangue said .
He declined to answer any other questions .
Looking and sounding defiant , Landis said Friday that his body 's natural metabolism -- not doping of any kind -- caused the result and that he would undergo tests to prove it .
" We will explain to the world why this is not a doping case but a natural occurrence , " Landis said at a news conference in Madrid , Spain .
But after determining that Landis ' ratio of testosterone to epitestosterone was more than twice the limit of 4:1 , the lab performed a carbon isotope ratio test on the first of Landis ' two urine samples to determine whether it was natural or synthetic , the person , who The Times said works in the cycling union 's antidoping department , told the newspaper .
If the " B " test is negative , Landis would be cleared .
If it 's positive , which Landis ' lawyers say they expect , he could be stripped of his Tour victory and banned for two years .
At that point , Landis could still choose to appeal the results .
Landis has been suspended by his team , Phonak , pending the result of his " B " sample .
But the result showing synthetic testosterone does not need to be confirmed with a second test , said Dr. Gary Wadler , a member of the World Anti-Doping Agency and a spokesman for the American College of Sports Medicine .
" The rules say that it is a violation , but if you can show that the athlete had no fault or no significant fault , there could be a mitigation of the sanction , " Wadler told the Times .
" No matter how it got there , the athlete has to show how it got into his or her body .
It could have been sabotage or contaminated dietary supplements or something else , but they have to prove how the testosterone got there . "
The Times said Landis was in New York on Monday night and could not be reached for comment .
Oscar Pereiro of Spain , who finished second overall in the Tour de France , would be declared the winner if Landis loses the Tour de France title .
It would be the first time in the history of the Tour of France that the winner has been disqualified for doping .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
credit William Mercer McLeod
Page came up with the concept of weighted ranking , while Brin ( left ) figured out the math .
It began with an argument .
When he first met Larry Page in the summer of 1995 , Sergey Brin was a second - year grad student in the computer science department at Stanford University .
Gregarious by nature , Brin had volunteered as a guide of sorts for potential first - years - students who had been admitted , but were still deciding whether to attend .
His duties included showing recruits the campus and leading a tour of nearby San Francisco .
Page , an engineering major from the University of Michigan , ended up in Brin 's group .
It was hardly love at first sight .
Walking up and down the city 's hills that day , the two clashed incessantly , debating , among other things , the value of various approaches to urban planning .
" Sergey is pretty social ; he likes meeting people , " Page recalls , contrasting that quality with his own reticence .
" I thought he was pretty obnoxious .
He had really strong opinions about things , and I guess I did , too . "
" We both found each other obnoxious , " Brin counters when I tell him of Page 's response .
" But we say it a little bit jokingly .
Obviously we spent a lot of time talking to each other , so there was something there .
We had a kind of bantering thing going . "
Page and Brin may have clashed , but they were clearly drawn together - two swords sharpening one another .
When Page showed up at Stanford a few months later , he selected human - computer interaction pioneer Terry Winograd as his adviser .
Soon thereafter he began searching for a topic for his doctoral thesis .
It was an important decision .
As Page had learned from his father , a computer science professor at Michigan State , a dissertation can frame one 's entire academic career .
He kicked around 10 or so intriguing ideas , but found himself attracted to the burgeoning World Wide Web .
Page did n't start out looking for a better way to search the Web .
Despite the fact that Stanford alumni were getting rich founding Internet companies , Page found the Web interesting primarily for its mathematical characteristics .
Each computer was a node , and each link on a Web page was a connection between nodes - a classic graph structure .
" Computer scientists love graphs , " Page tells me .
The World Wide Web , Page theorized , may have been the largest graph ever created , and it was growing at a breakneck pace .
Many useful insights lurked in its vertices , awaiting discovery by inquiring graduate students .
Winograd agreed , and Page set about pondering the link structure of the Web .
credit William Mercer McLeod
credit William Mercer McLeod
Citations and Back Rubs
It proved a productive course of study .
Page noticed that while it was trivial to follow links from one page to another , it was nontrivial to discover links back .
In other words , when you looked at a Web page , you had no idea what pages were linking back to it .
This bothered Page .
He thought it would be very useful to know who was linking to whom .
Why ?
To fully understand the answer to that question , a minor detour into the world of academic publishing is in order .
For professors - particularly those in the hard sciences like mathematics and chemistry - nothing is as important as getting published .
Except , perhaps , being cited .
Academics build their papers on a carefully constructed foundation of citation : Each paper reaches a conclusion by citing previously published papers as proof points that advance the author 's argument .
Papers are judged not only on their original thinking , but also on the number of papers they cite , the number of papers that subsequently cite them back , and the perceived importance of each citation .
Citations are so important that there 's even a branch of science devoted to their study : bibliometrics .
Fair enough .
So what 's the point ?
Well , it was Tim Berners - Lee 's desire to improve this system that led him to create the World Wide Web .
And it was Larry Page and Sergey Brin 's attempts to reverse engineer Berners - Lee 's World Wide Web that led to Google .
The needle that threads these efforts together is citation - the practice of pointing to other people 's work in order to build up your own .
Which brings us back to the original research Page did on such backlinks , a project he came to call BackRub .
He reasoned that the entire Web was loosely based on the premise of citation - after all , what is a link but a citation ?
If he could divine a method to count and qualify each backlink on the Web , as Page puts it " the Web would become a more valuable place . "
At the time Page conceived of BackRub , the Web comprised an estimated 10 million documents , with an untold number of links between them .
The computing resources required to crawl such a beast were well beyond the usual bounds of a student project .
Unaware of exactly what he was getting into , Page began building out his crawler .
The idea 's complexity and scale lured Brin to the job .
A polymath who had jumped from project to project without settling on a thesis topic , he found the premise behind BackRub fascinating .
" I talked to lots of research groups " around the school , Brin recalls , " and this was the most exciting project , both because it tackled the Web , which represents human knowledge , and because I liked Larry . "
The Audacity of Rank
In March 1996 , Page pointed his crawler at just one page - his homepage at Stanford - and let it loose .
The crawler worked outward from there .
Crawling the entire
Web to discover the sum of its links is a major undertaking , but simple crawling was not where BackRub 's true innovation lay .
Page was naturally aware of the concept of ranking in academic publishing , and he theorized that the structure of the Web 's graph would reveal not just who was linking to whom , but more critically , the importance of who linked to whom , based on various attributes of the site that was doing the linking .
Inspired by citation analysis , Page realized that a raw count of links to a page would be a useful guide to that page 's rank .
He also saw that each link needed its own ranking , based on the link count of its originating page .
But such an approach creates a difficult and recursive mathematical challenge - you not only have to count a particular page 's links , you also have to count the links attached to the links .
The math gets complicated rather quickly .
Fortunately , Page was now working with Brin , whose prodigious gifts in mathematics could be applied to the problem .
Brin , the Russian - born son of a NASA scientist and a University of Maryland math professor , emigrated to the US with his family at the age of 6 .
By the time he was a middle schooler , Brin was a recognized math prodigy .
He left high school a year early to go to UM .
When he graduated , he immediately enrolled at Stanford , where his talents allowed him to goof off .
The weather was so good , he told me , that he loaded up on nonacademic classes - sailing , swimming , scuba diving .
He focused his intellectual energies on interesting projects rather than actual course work .
Together , Page and Brin created a ranking system that rewarded links that came from sources that were important and penalized those that did not .
For example , many sites link to IBM.com .
Those links might range from a business partner in the technology industry to a teenage programmer in suburban Illinois who just got a ThinkPad for Christmas .
To a human observer , the business partner is a more important link in terms of IBM 's place in the world .
But how might an algorithm understand that fact ?
Page and Brin 's breakthrough was to create an algorithm - dubbed PageRank after Page - that manages to take into account both the number of links into a particular site and the number of links into each of the linking sites .
This mirrored the rough approach of academic citation - counting .
It worked .
In the example above , let 's assume that only a few sites linked to the teenager 's site .
Let 's further assume the sites that link to the teenager 's are similarly bereft of links .
By contrast , thousands of sites link to Intel , and those sites , on average , also have thousands of sites linking to them .
PageRank would rank the teen 's site as less important than Intel 's - at least in relation to IBM .
This is a simplified view , to be sure , and Page and Brin had to correct for any number of mathematical culs - de-sac , but the long and the short of it was this :
More popular sites rose to the top of their annotation list , and less popular sites fell toward the bottom .
As they fiddled with the results , Brin and Page realized their data might have implications for Internet search .
In fact , the idea of applying BackRub 's ranked page results to search was so natural that it did n't even occur to them that they had made the leap .
As it was , BackRub already worked like a search engine - you gave it a URL , and it gave you a list of backlinks ranked by importance .
" We realized that we had a querying tool , " Page recalls .
" It gave you a good overall ranking of pages and ordering of follow - up pages . "
Page and Brin noticed that BackRub 's results were superior to those from existing search engines like AltaVista and Excite , which often returned irrelevant listings .
" They were looking only at text and not considering this other signal , " Page recalls .
That signal is now better known as PageRank .
To test whether it worked well in a search application , Brin and Page hacked together a BackRub search tool .
It searched only the words in page titles and applied PageRank to sort the results by relevance , but its results were so far superior to the usual search engines - which ranked mostly on keywords - that Page and Brin knew they were onto something big .
Not only was the engine good , but Page and Brin realized it would scale as the Web scaled .
Because PageRank worked by analyzing links , the bigger the Web , the better the engine .
That fact inspired the founders to name their new engine Google , after googol , the term for the numeral 1 followed by 100 zeroes .
They released the first version of Google on the Stanford Web site in August 1996 - one year after they met .
Among a small set of Stanford insiders , Google was a hit .
Energized , Brin and Page began improving the service , adding full - text search and more and more pages to the index .
They quickly discovered that search engines require an extraordinary amount of computing resources .
They did n't have the money to buy new computers , so they begged and borrowed Google into existence - a hard drive from the network lab , an idle CPU from the computer science loading docks .
Using Page 's dorm room as a machine lab , they fashioned a computational Frankenstein from spare parts , then jacked the whole thing into Stanford 's broadband campus network .
After filling Page 's room with equipment , they converted Brin 's dorm room into an office and programming center .
The project grew into something of a legend within the computer science department and campus network administration offices .
At one point , the BackRub crawler consumed nearly half of Stanford 's entire network bandwidth , an extraordinary fact considering that Stanford was one of the best - networked institutions on the planet .
And in the fall of 1996 the project would regularly bring down Stanford 's Internet connection .
" We 're lucky there were a lot of forward - looking people at Stanford , " Page recalls .
" They did n't hassle us too much about the resources we were using . "
A Company Emerges
As Brin and Page continued experimenting , BackRub and its Google implementation were generating buzz , both on the Stanford campus and within the cloistered world of academic Web research .
One person who had heard of Page and Brin 's work was Cornell professor Jon Kleinberg , then researching bibliometrics and search technologies at IBM's Almaden center in San Jose .
Kleinberg 's hubs - and - authorities approach to ranking the Web is perhaps the second - most - famous approach to search after PageRank .
In the summer of 1997 , Kleinberg visited Page at Stanford to compare notes .
Kleinberg had completed an early draft of his seminal paper , " Authoritative Sources , " and Page showed him an early working version of Google .
Kleinberg encouraged Page to publish an academic paper on PageRank .
Page told Kleinberg that he was wary of publishing .
The reason ?
" He was concerned that someone might steal his ideas , and with PageRank , Page felt like he had the secret formula , " Kleinberg told me .
( Page and Brin eventually did publish . )
On the other hand , Page and Brin were n't sure they wanted to go through the travails of starting and running a company .
During Page 's first year at Stanford , his father died , and friends recall that Page viewed finishing his PhD as something of a tribute to him .
Given his own academic upbringing , Brin , too , was reluctant to leave the program .
Brin remembers speaking with his adviser , who told him , " Look , if this Google thing pans out , then great .
If not , you can return to graduate school and finish your thesis . "
He chuckles , then adds : " I said , ' Yeah , OK , why not ?
I 'll just give it a try . ' "
From The Search : How Google and Its Rivals Rewrote the Rules of Business and Transformed Our Culture , copyright © by John Battelle , to be published in September by Portfolio , a member of Penguin Group ( USA ) , Inc. Battelle ( battellemedia.com ) was one of the founders of Wired .
10 Years That Changed the World
Intro
We Are the Web
The Birth of Google
A Decade of Genius and Madness
1995 : Marc Andreessen
1996 : Jerry Yang
1997 : Jeff Bezos
1998 : David Boies
1999 : Pets.com sock puppet
2000 : Shawn Fanning
2001 : Mary Meeker
2002 : Steve Jobs
2003 : Howard Dean
2004 -05 : Ana Marie Cox
The program ’s other lessons include “ It ’s one thing to laugh in the face of danger , but not when you ’re failing to accomplish your goal , ” and “ If the world is in grave danger , do we just ignore it because you have a headache ? ”
No , we do not .
And then there ’s a perennial point of clarification —
“ Superheroes do n’t kill people ; they save people ” — that seems to determine the action of the show .
In the first challenge , last week , contestants were told to change into their costumes in a public park without being seen , and then race to a designated spot .
All fine , except that the executive producers Mr. Lee , the estimable co-creator of Spider - Man and the X - Men , and Bruce Nash could n’t resist a plot twist .
Into the path of the speeding superheroes they threw a damsel in distress : a little girl who ca n’t find her mother .
The girl , presumably an actress , really did seem like a lost child in a park .
And the contestants who stopped for her — mostly the women , but not always whom you ’d expect — were protected from elimination .
The fools who kept running ( often the fastest runners , whose eyes were trained on the finish line ) had to face Mr. Lee.
Nitro G , a comic nerd from Staten Island named Darren Passarello who both had n’t stopped and had dressed in plain view , did n’t have a prayer .
The challenge made a surprisingly sophisticated point about the limits of focus and the moral importance of distraction .
If reality television is to thrive in the outer boroughs of television — channels like Sci Fi — this competition proves that it must leave off trying to find businessmen ( “ The Apprentice ” ) and spouses ( “ The Bachelor ” and “ The Bachelorette ” ) .
Such searches attract only talentless squares .
Instead , it should continue to invite amateurs from morally interesting cultural sectors — fashion , comics — to prove themselves in the arenas they care about .
That way , you get both surprising characters and a window on a subculture with its own lessons and provocations .
But on “ Who Wants to Be a Superhero ? ” the lesson about saving and not killing people seems chiefly directed at Iron Enforcer , a shirtless , pockmarked contestant from Brooklyn ( he gives his real name as Steel Chambers ) whose two arms play the roles of Mercy and Judgment .
The Judgment arm is a massive machine gun .
He seems more menacing than heroic .
And on tonight ’s episode he essentially seems to admit to juicing , which is disturbing .
By 2003 , MicroPatent had become so frustrated with its unknown stalker that it reached out to the F.B.I. for help .
But with its resources spread thin , the F.B.I. could not pin down the stalkers identity , his motivations or how he managed to trespass on MicroPatents electronic turf .
A year later , MicroPatent hired Stroz Friedburg and secured the services of Eric D. Shaw , a clinical psychologist who had once profiled terrorists and foreign potentates for the C.I.A .
The first order of business , investigators said , was to narrow the field of MicroPatents potential stalkers and to try to isolate the perpetrator .
You need to take the temperature of the person on the other side and determine how seriously you need to take them , said Beryl Howell , who supervised the MicroPatent investigation for Stroz Friedburg .
Is it a youngster or is it someone whos angry ?
Is it someone whos fooling around or someone whos much more serious ?
Investigators said their examination of the stalkers communications indicated that he was much more than a hacker on a joy ride .
That would be consistent with what law enforcement authorities and computer security specialists describe as the recent evolution of computer crime : from an unstructured digital underground of adolescent hackers and script - kiddies to what Mr. Bednarski describes in his study as information merchants representing a structured threat that comes from profit - oriented and highly secretive professionals .
STEALING and selling data has become so lucrative , analysts say , that corporate espionage , identity theft and software piracy have mushroomed as profit centers for criminal groups .
Analysts say cyberextortion is the newest addition to the digital Mafias bag of tricks .
Generally speaking , its pretty clear its on the upswing , but its hard to gauge how big of an upswing because in a lot of cases it seems companies are paying the money , said Robert Richardson , editorial director of the Computer Security Institute , an organization in San Francisco that trains computer security professionals .
Theres definitely a group of virus writers and hackers in Russia and in the Eastern European bloc that the Russian mob has tapped into .
Mr. Richardson is a co-author of an annual computer - security study that his organization publishes with the F.B.I .
The latest version said that while corporate and institutional computer break - ins increased slightly last year from 2003 , average financial losses stemming from those intrusions decreased substantially in all but two categories : unauthorized access to data and theft of proprietary information .
Among 639 of the surveys respondents , the average loss from unauthorized data access grew to $ 303,234 in 2004 from $ 51,545 in 2003 ; average losses from information theft rose to $ 355,552 from $ 168,529 .
The respondents suffered total losses in the two categories of about $ 62 million last year .
While many cyberextortionists and cyberstalkers may be members of overseas crime groups , several recent prosecutions suggest that they can also be operating solo and hail from much less exotic climes like the office building just down the street .
Wenn der Fußball verwanzt ist Wolf - Dieter Roth
" Aktiv - RFID " : jetzt funken die Tags zurück
Ob Supermarktetiketten oder Reisepässe : mit RFID werden inzwischen nicht nur Kühe markiert .
Dabei ist die Technik längst über den rein passiven Chip , der nur von der eingestreuten Funkenergie lebt , hinaus : Fortgeschrittene Funktransponder sind mit eigener Batterie oder gar wiederaufladbaren Akkus ausgerüstet .
Bei Fußball und RFID denkt man zunächst einmal an die mit Identifikationschips versehenen Tickets zur Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft .
Doch nicht nur die Tickets sind " verwanzt " , der Ball ist es auch :
Um zweifelsfrei festzustellen , ob das Runde nun wirklich im Eckigen gelandet oder doch nur über die Seitenlinie gerollt ist , sollen die Fußbälle eigene Transponder enthalten – und ebenso die Spieler .
Elektronisch Golfen : Demo des Fraunhofer - Instituts auf der Funkausstellung 2005 ( Bild : W.D.Roth )
So können die Begegnungen der Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft später bis zum nun unstrittigen Foul in der 89 .
Minute als Computersimulation nachgespielt werden .
Und es ist zukünftig ausgeschlossen , dass ein versehentlich ins Publikum gekickter Fußball als Andenken von den Fans einfach mit nach Hause genommen werden kann und auch die Frage , auf welchem Örtchen der Auswechselspieler abgeblieben ist , lässt sich so schnell klären .
Dafür allerdings werden die beliebten Diskussionen und Schimpfkanonaden auf die Schiedsrichter entfallen müssen .
Hoffentlich nimmt dies nicht all den selbsternannten Fußballexperten den Spaß am Spiel .
In einem Fußball ließe sich zugegeben sogar ein kompletter Piratensender verstecken ; einziges technisches Problem ist die Erschütterungsfestigkeit .
Kniffliger ist es schon bei Golfbällen , doch auch diese hat das Fraunhofer - Institut mittlerweile erfolgreich mit integrierten Sensoren und daran angeschlossenen Sendern ausgerüstet , die im ISM - und WLAN - Band bei 2,4 GHz immerhin fünf Meter überbrücken können .
Sie wurden erstmals auf der Internationalen Funkausstellung 2005 in Berlin vorgestellt und dienen nicht etwa dazu , in die Botanik gespielte Golfbälle wiederzufinden , sondern Kraft und Geschwindigkeit des Aufschlags zu messen .
So kann sich kein Golfer mehr auf starken Gegenwind herausreden , wenn das weiße Corpus delicti wieder einmal in einer Kaffeetasse eines Golfplatz - Anrainers gelandet ist .
Auch das noch : Intelligente Golfbälle ( Bild : W.D.Roth )
Die dazu notwendigen Lithium - Ionen - Akkus , die Bullith Batteries ursprünglich für den Medizinmarkt entwickelt hatte und nun in Sportgeräten verbaut , sollen auf Dauer unter zwei Euro kosten , wie die Fachzeitung Markt & Technik berichtet .
Zusätzlich sollen diese auch im Gegensatz zu den heute handelsüblichen Akkuzellen tiefentladungsfest sein ; sollte es drei Wochen regnen und der Golfball folglich im Schrank liegen bleiben , kann dies also nicht den Akku beschädigen .
Dabei wandelt sich auch der Begriff RFID : auch die Autoschlüssel , die sich per Funk zusätzlich identifizieren und ferngesteuert die Türen öffnen können , zählen mittlerweile hierzu , wie auch drahtlose Reifendrucksensoren , die am Armaturenbrett eine Warnung aufleuchten lassen , wenn nicht genügend Luft im Reifen ist , ohne dass hierzu eine – naturgemäß schwierig realisierbare – Drahtverbindung vom Reifen zum Elektronik erforderlich würde .
Die " Schnüffelchips " werden dabei im Handel gar nicht so sehr zum Abrechnen des Einkaufs an der Kasse verwendet , für den sie bislang ohnehin eigentlich noch zu teuer sind – sie müssten weniger als einen Cent kosten , um generell eingeführt werden zu können – , als zur Optimierung der internen Lagerhaltung und der Identifikation von angelieferten Paletten mit Ware .
Blick auf die „ Abhöranlage “ im Golfball ( Bild : W.D. Roth )
Ebenso verbreiten sich die Chips in Skipässen und für den Zugang zu Parkgaragen oder Hotelzimmern .
Patienten sollen im Krankenhaus oder auch bei Spaziergängen ebenfalls vollautomatisch überwacht werden , wobei die Tassen , Zahnbürsten , Medikamentenschachteln , Stühle oder auch die Klobrille funken , ob und wann sie benutzt werden .
Billiger soll die Elektronik dadurch werden , dass Polymere auf Papier oder Folie gedruckt Antenne , Chip und auch Batterie ergeben .
Das Ergebnis ist zwar nicht so leistungsfähig wie die heute bekannten Bauelemente , aber deutlich billiger .
Doch was die Folgen sind , wenn irgendwann die Einkäufe miteinander und mit den Haushaltsgeräten reden können , bleibt offen .
( Wolf - Dieter Roth )
Setting : an imaginary address to a group of Psychoanalysts who are also Libertarians .
My fellow colleagues , and the members of the media in attendance today : I wish to bring to your attention today the existence of an epidemic that has been going on in our midst without being identified as such .
I refer to the condition to which you are all familiar called Stockholm syndrome .
Since this condition was first described by Dr. Bejerot in 1973 , it has typically been thought of as an isolated phenomenon , affecting individuals and small groups , but not affecting a significant portion of the population .
In my presentation that follows , I am suggesting that when we consider Stockholm syndrome to be confined to those who have gone through extraordinary conditions , such as the tragic case involving the kidnapping of Patty Hearst , we overlook the broader prevalence of this condition .
Let us review the Wikipedia definition of Stockholm syndrome , which I have reproduced on the following slide :
The Stockholm syndrome is a psychological response of a hostage , or an individual in a hostage - like situation ( e.g. dependent child , battered wife , etc ) in which the more powerful person ( captor , partner , child molester ) ( a ) has the power to put the individual ’s life in danger or at least the power to worsen the individual ’s prospects for the future life , and ( b ) occasionally exercises this power in order to show that he or she is able to use it , if the victim will not conform to the more powerful person ’s will .
The main symptom of the syndrome is the individual ’s seeming loyalty to the more powerful person in spite of the danger ( or at least risk ) that this loyalty puts them in .
At previous meetings , many presenters have asked why we see such loyalty to the State , in spite of the inherent danger and destructiveness in that relationship .
Why do so many continue to pledge allegiance to the State , after all of the expropriation , the incarceration , the conscription , and the unfulfilled promises ?
I say that we are seeing Stockholm syndrome writ large !
In the rest of my talk , I will review the mechanisms for transmission of this epidemic , the recommended protocol for treating , the prognosis for those affected , and the scope of the epidemic .
Transmission Mechanisms
There appear to be a number of different avenues for transmitting this form of Stockholm syndrome .
While the setting for each varies , what all have in common is the indoctrination of the notion that the State is all - powerful and indispensable , and that it has done great things for the people in past times .
One such mode of transmission is from parent to child .
We have seen that the Church has frequently been an effective transmitter of this syndrome , though as in the family , the precise message will vary from one institution to the next .
The government schools have also proven to be an important contributor to the epidemic .
Needless to say , the political parties have contributed greatly to this epidemic .
Finally , the major media plays a critical role in reminding us of the power of the State and acting as a role model for being subservient to it .
While this list should not be considered comprehensive , these appear to be the most significant contexts for the transmission of this epidemic .
Regardless of the setting , there are a couple of key transmission mechanisms involved .
We almost always see the use of vague and confusing language which are meant to induce loyalty .
Typical phrases would include the following :
Social justice
War to make the world safe for democracy
New Deal
Rock the vote
Support the troops
Government of the people , by the people , for the people
Alongside these confusing words and phrases is the teaching of a view of American history which , while giving lip service to occasional government mistakes , will on the whole transmit the message that the State has a glorious history and that things have gotten steadily better over the course of U.S. history .
Finally , there is the actual or threatened ostracism invoked when the individual says something that calls into question his loyalty to the State 's agenda .
He then discovers that he is “ UnAmerican , " an “ America Hater , " an “ Isolationist , " a “ Social Darwinist , " a “ Liberal , " a “ Racist , " or any one of many other characterizations , depending upon the nature of his position taken and the people reacting to it .
Treatment Protocol
While there is no standard protocol for treating this manifestation of Stockholm syndrome , I would like to bring your attention to some of the approaches that have been found to be successful in the field .
We have found most success when this condition is caught early and it has not become fully entrenched in the psyche .
A word of warning is in order about an especially virulent strain of this condition characterized by strong identification with one of the political parties .
Those who are so afflicted may give the appearance of demanding self - determination , but they only work to improve the terms of their captivity .
They want a new warden - in - chief since they object to Tuesday night being Spaghetti night .
They know that American principle , tradition , and values all prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that Tuesday night should be Meatloaf night .
It never occurs to them that people should decide for themselves what fare to partake .
As Professor Shaffer has so well described , these folks project all that is wrong with the State onto their professed enemies .
For these folks , politics is just a game .
In short , one is liable to find considerable resistance among those affected by the partisan strain of Stockholm syndrome .
We have found that one does not need to be an expert in the traditional tools of psychoanalysis , but the use of effective communication techniques is critical .
Naturally , the logical basis for countering this affliction is to encourage the sufferer to reject the misinformation involved in the transmission itself .
As such , the protocol calls for a full course of training in free market economics and an intensive study of revisionist history .
The exact texts to be utilized will vary with the individuals involved .
Even in the case of apparent success , the risk of relapse is high and some methods of prevention are advised .
The individual in recovery is advised to take 2 extra -strength emails each morning .
For this purpose , the publications of LewRockwell.com and the Future of Freedom have proven effective .
Finally , in cases of emergency , we have reports from the field that speeches by Ron Paul have provided the necessary antidote .
The Prognosis
As mentioned before , if caught early , with appropriate support a sufferer can deprogram himself and achieve a full and permanent recovery .
Nevertheless , there is an insidious nature to this condition which we must confront .
Those afflicted with Stockholm syndrome ( as we have traditionally thought of it ) wreak havoc on their own lives and the lives of those in their immediate circle .
This is true of those afflicted with the Statism variety as well , as they may abandon friends and family to spend time and money on a campaign for a new warden - in - chief or do many other counterproductive things .
However , the Statist is not content to endanger and destroy himself ; he will also work to bring the State 's destruction on his neighbor who is not so afflicted .
Thus this epidemic is like a cancer which , if it were to metastasize sufficiently , could destroy the entire nation .
This is why we must ultimately embark on a program of inoculation , to prevent this disturbance from taking root in the first place .
The Scope of the Epidemic
Thus far , I have mostly referred to the American experience with this previously unidentified version of Stockholm syndrome .
One should not get the idea that this is solely an American problem , though .
We have received reports from all over the world which suggest that it is a truly global phenomenon .
From Professor Karlsson 's reports , it is clear that the syndrome is going strong in that great bastion of welfare statism , Sweden .
Come to think of it , my fellow analysts , do you really think that it is a mere coincidence that this syndrome was first discovered in Sweden ?
October 4 , 2005
The Best of D. Saul Weiner
The world 's richest art institution knowingly bought scores of archaeological treasures looted from Italy , it has been alleged .
Despite being warned as far back as 1985 that dealers were selling stolen goods , the Getty Museum in Los Angeles continued to buy them .
The practice continued for so long that , according to the museum 's internal review , almost half the masterpieces in its antiquities collection are likely to have been acquired illegally .
New evidence of the scale of what Italy is calling " the Getty scandal " emerged yesterday , painting a picture of the fabulously wealthy institution riding roughshod over a ban on taking Italy 's historic treasures out of the country .
According to the Los Angeles Times , which has obtained hundreds of pages of memos , purchase agreements and correspondence records from the museum in Malibu , high - ranking staff were complicit or simply turned a blind eye to the plundering of the priceless antiquities .
The investigation makes several main claims :
· that Getty officials spent $ 10.2 m ( £ 5.7 m ) in 1985 to acquire three objects taken from ruins near Naples , despite being warned that the purchase was in clear defiance of Italy 's " cultural patrimony " laws , which state that all artifacts discovered after 1902 are government property ;
· that the museum purchased an ancient urn for $ 42,000 despite being told that the Italian police were looking for it ;
· that it spent $ 18 m in 1988 on a statue of Aphrodite dating back to 400BC which was probably the centrepiece of a Greek temple in southern Italy , even though officials were suspicious of the dealer 's explanation about where it came from .
The newspaper also prints extracts from the resignation letter in 1986 of an acting curator who talked about problems in the antiquities department and warned that the museum 's " cultural avarice " would some day lead to demands from foreign governments for the return of looted artifacts .
Italian authorities are demanding the return of 42 objects in the Getty collection that they believe were stolen , including a 5ft marble statue of the Greek god Apollo unearthed in southern Italy and said to be more than 2,000 years old .
The museum 's own lawyers , however , have found even more examples of artifacts of dubious provenance , according to the report .
They counted 82 artworks as being purchases from dealers and galleries under investigation by Italian officials , including 54 of 104 artistic treasures described by the Getty as masterpieces .
The Getty 's former antiquities curator Marion True and antiquities dealer Robert E Hecht Jnr have been charged by the Italian authorities with conspiring to export illegally excavated treasures .
They have denied the charges and a trial is scheduled in Rome in November .
Another dealer , Giacomo Medici , received a 10 - year prison term but remains free pending an appeal .
Game theory is the fun-sounding branch of economics introduced in the 1940s by Hungarian genius John von Neumann and developed in the 1950s by Princeton ’s John Nash , subject of the 2001 Oscar - winning film A Beautiful Mind .
Over the years , the status of game theory — which describes the interactions of self - interested parties such as poker players and deal makers — soared , and its insights were applied to fields as far - reaching as evolution , auctions , even counterterrorism .
Playing along , we here at the CDU decided to find out just how much court time game theory gets in the big game of business .
After all , it has been taught to almost every one of the some 2.5 million MBAs and economists in the United States alone .
Surely , we thought , it would be a slam dunk to turn up dozens of examples of game theory applied in the real world .
Adopting our usual rigorous methodology , we set the following parameters .
To count , an example must :
be an actual business situation where somebody used the insights of game theory ; have occurred within the past five years ; and involve real , live , actual companies — not governments , nonprofit organizations , or Russell Crowe .
First , we scoured the literature .
We selected a relevant portfolio of 40 publications and submitted our queries .
We tried again .
And again .
And we found . . . nothing .
There were plenty of mentions of government spectrum auctions , and A Beautiful Mind came up hundreds of times .
Not quite what we had in mind .
Perhaps , we thought , the media just does n’t get it .
Undaunted , we assembled a panel of 30 respected game theorists around the world , and we sent them a survey asking , “ Can you think of any examples of real , live companies that have consciously applied game - theoretical concepts to a real business problem ? ”
The response was . . . a deafening chorus of head scratching .
“ The short answer is , I do n’t know , ” said David Levine of UCLA .
“ Let me think about this , ” replied MIT ’s Muhamet Yildiz .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
There are 118 chemical elements .
Its Latin word , scienta means knowledge .
The Nobel Peace Prize is the highest scientific honor .
Over 7 million people in the world have careers in science .
The scientific method was created in the 17th century .
Astronomy is the oldest science .
Before science , ancient civilizations had natural philosophy .
Geometry originated from Mesopotamia and Egypt around 2000 B.C. Nuclear energy supplies 11 % of the world ’s electricity .
The branches of science were established during the 19th century .
Newton formed the Laws of Motion in 1687 .
The English word “ scientist ” was first coined by William Whewell in the 19th century .
Over 450 nuclear power reactors are used around the world .
Electricity is energy produced from charged particles .
The weather is the state of the atmosphere .
Lasker Awards recognize scientific achievements in medicine and treatment of disease .
Scholars refer to the Middle Ages as the Dark Ages because people favored superstition and antiquated beliefs over science during that time .
The Pacific Ocean makes up ⅓ of the Earth ’s surface .
The Big Bang Theory was theorized by a Catholic priest .
The science community deems the Wolf Prize as the second - highest honor .
Table of Contents 01 Science Facts Infographics 02 Science has many uses for donated bodies .
03 Marie Curie is the only person to win Nobel prizes in two different sciences .
04 Banana peels have almost no friction .
05 More than half of your body is bacteria .
06 The human eye has a 576 megapixel resolution .
07 Laika was the first animal in space .
08 2 is the only even prime number .
09 Feldspar is the most common mineral on Earth .
10
Hot water freezes more quickly than cold water .
11 It takes 6 minutes for brain cells to react to alcohol .
12 Most dinosaurs are known from just a single tooth or bone .
13 Nuclear power plants are safer work environments compared to offices .
14 Helium changes our voice because of its density .
15 Tooth enamel is stronger than bones .
16 The father of electricity lived his childhood in poverty .
17 Humans have n't stop evolving .
18 Scientists weigh planets through its gravitational pull .
19 People used to believe the Earth was the center of the universe .
20 50 % of museum items are mislabeled .
21 Fast food restaurant ice is often dirtier than toilet water .
22 Swimmers sweat underwater .
23
It is scientifically possible to die from drinking too much water .
24 Pure hydrogen can kill you .
25 One of the greatest paleontologists did not go to school .
26 The ocean contains 20 million pounds of gold .
27 A 5th - grader accidentally created a new molecule in 2012 .
28 Female animals can sometimes reject sperm .
29 Global warming is affecting gravity .
30 We ’re living in a time with the most carbon dioxide ever recorded in the atmosphere .
31 You can use your fingers to get the times table of 9 .
32 Tuna has the highest protein content for fish .
33 Tungsten is the hardest metal .
34 Explosives funded the Nobel Prize . 35 The strongest virus had an 80 % mortality rate .
36 Tomatoes have more genes than humans .
37 Friends share more DNA than strangers .
38 The average person has 5 liters of blood .
39 The biggest tsunami reached over 1000 feet .
40
It ’s scientifically possible to start a fire using flatulence .
41 The scientist behind modern ballistics survived five fatal sword blows .
42 Gasoline can contain between 150 and 1,000 different chemical compounds .
43 Oxygen is n’t colorless .
44 87 % of scientists believe that climate change is mostly caused by human activity .
45
The scientific term for brain freeze can make your head hurt , too .
46 The most complete memorization of Pi lasted 70,000 decimal places .
47 The biggest robot in the world weighs 11 tons .
48 If you get exposed to radiation , you need to get naked .
49 Scientists found the 8th continent .
50 The human body is made up of 206 bones .
51 Diamonds are the hardest natural substance .
52 You can charge phones with pee .
53
The only letter that does n't appear on the periodic table is J. 54
An ice cube takes up about 9 % more volume than the water used to make it .
55 Galileo Galilei created the scientific method .
56 The Pacific Ocean is the biggest body of water in the world .
57 The Earth has a mass of 5.97 x 10 ^24 kg. 58 The Kilauea Volcano is the most active volcano .
59 Scientists successfully altered a human gene for the first time in 2017 .
60 Scientists created a synthetic uterus for lamb .
61 Thomas Edison electrocuted an elephant to death to prove a point .
62 Johann Conrad Dippel created Dippel ’s oil and claimed it was elixir .
63 Isaac Newton believes the world will end after 2060 .
64 Leucippus was the first scientist who proposed atoms .
65 The density of ice is 10 % lower than that of water .
66 Stomach acid can dissolve razor blades .
67 Many scientists believed the world was flat until the 17th century .
68 Athanasius Kircher was a scientist who believed in mythological beasts .
69 The Office of Alien Property Custodian confiscated Nikola Tesla ’s inventions when he died .
70 Stephen Hawking never won a Nobel Prize . 71 A rubber tire is made up of only one molecule .
72 The sun does n’t change color during sunset .
73 Sound creates heat .
74 Time goes faster at the top of the building than at the bottom .
75 Gyroscopic effect keeps a bike balanced .
76 You ca n’t sink in the Dead Sea. 77 Sound is visible .
78 The entire human race can fit inside a sugar cube .
79 Touch phones do n’t detect certain materials because of electrical charge .
80 Thales was the first physicist .
81 Silk is the strongest natural material .
82 Gelatin does n’t break if you tap it because of surface tension .
83 Inertia keeps you from falling out of a rollercoaster .
84 Not all diamonds are colorless .
85 Thomas Edison did n’t invent the lightbulb .
Science Facts Infographics
Science has many uses for donated bodies .
When you donate your body to science , it can be used as a crash test dummy , a cadaver for medical training , specimen for forensic research , or a donor for organ transplants .
Marie Curie is the only person to win Nobel prizes in two different sciences .
Marie Curie is the only scientist in history to be awarded Nobel prizes in two different categories : she was awarded her first Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903 for her work on radiation , and a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2011 for her discovery and work on radium and polonium .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Banana peels have almost no friction .
Banana peels have felled many cartoon characters , Mario Kart players , and average people alike .
However , what makes it so slippery in the first place ?
To answer this , four Japanese scientists measured the amount of friction between a shoe , a banana skin and the floor .
Turns out , the friction coefficient was at an almost nonexistent 0.07 – walking with the banana peel was 6 times slippier than normal friction between a shoe and the floor .
More than half of your body is bacteria .
Human cells make up only 43 % of the body ’s total cell count .
The rest are bacteria , viruses , and fungi – the greatest amount of these microbes are in our bowels .
The human eye has a 576 megapixel resolution .
When our eyes send visual signals to the brain , it has enough capacity to process images in 576 megapixels .
However , we only see at about 150dpi , since that is more than enough visual stimuli for us to see objects .
Laika was the first animal in space .
Two months after Sputnik 1 , the Soviet Union launched its second spacecraft , Sputnik 2 with its first passenger : a small dog named Laika .
With this voyage , Laika became the first animal to orbit Earth , but died 7 hours into orbit .
2 is the only even prime number .
A prime number is a special number that is only divisible by 1 and itself .
2 is a prime number that is divisible by 1 and 2 .
The remaining even numbers cannot be prime numbers as they are always divisible by 2 .
Do n’t believe us ?
Try it yourself !
Feldspar is the most common mineral on Earth .
Feldspar is a group of tectosilicate minerals that form rocks and make up 41 % of the Earth ’s crust .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Hot water freezes more quickly than cold water .
The principle of hot liquids freezing faster than cold ones is called the Mpemba effect .
This phenomenon was discovered by a Tanzanian student when he realized that hot ice cream mix freezes faster than a cold mix in the early 1960s .
Although it has been attempted , no one has successfully explained why hot water would freeze faster than cold water .
It takes 6 minutes for brain cells to react to alcohol .
A 2009 study proved that drinking alcohol can alter brain cells in just 6 minutes .
During an experiment , they found that alcohol consumption decreased the levels of creatine and choline in the brain .
This could explain the long - term brain damage observed in alcoholics .
Most dinosaurs are known from just a single tooth or bone .
Given that dinosaurs were alive 65 million years ago , complete fossils are extremely rare .
Instead , archaeologists study traces such as loose teeth , bones , tracks , or dung in order to identify the dinosaurs we read about in books now .
Nuclear power plants are safer work environments compared to offices .
So far , there has been no record of worker casualties in the entire 50 - year history of nuclear power in the U.S .
Helium changes our voice because of its density .
Helium is much less dense than oxygen .
Typically , we breathe in nitrogen and oxygen .
Since helium is less dense than oxygen , the sound of our voice travels faster through our vocal cords .
Therefore , helium makes our voice sound weird because the sound is traveling over two times faster than usual .
Tooth enamel is stronger than bones .
The lining of our teeth is the hardest substance in the human body .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
The father of electricity lived his childhood in poverty .
Michael Faraday had to work at the age of 13 to sustain himself , since his father was sickly and could not do so .
However , he still went on to contribute to what we know about electricity today .
Humans have n't stop evolving .
If you look at the evolution of life , you ’d think we ’ve come a long way from the ape - like Homo erectus .
However , this is not our final form , yet .
Researchers tracking eight million mutations found that defective genes – such as ones that influence disease – are slowly being filtered out of our DNA .
Scientists weigh planets through its gravitational pull .
You may wonder how we have all these measurements for planets when it seems impossible to measure objects in space , much less objects as massive as the planets .
However , things changed with Lord Henry Cavendish ’s experiment in 1797 .
Through his findings , scientists now calculate a planet ’s weight by the time it takes for objects to orbit the planet and the distance of those objects from the planet .
Cavendish set up an experiment with two 150 kg lead balls ( planets ) and two smaller spheres ( moons ) .
He measured the gravitational pull between these elements .
Through his experiment , Cavendish discovered the missing piece of Newton ’s gravitational puzzle , which was the value of G – the amount that relates the gravitational force between two bodies to their masses and distance .
With the new value of G , Cavendish was also the first man to attempt weighing a planet .
He used Newton ’s equation with the value of G to calculate that the Earth ’s mass is six billion trillion tonnes .
People used to believe the Earth was the center of the universe .
For a long time , people believed in geocentrism , which described the Earth as the center of the universe .
It was only until 1543 that Nicolaus Copernicus proposed the concept of heliocentrism , or the sun being the center of the solar system , or the universe .
Some years later , Galileo confirmed the theory .
50 % of museum items are mislabeled .
About half of all the natural history specimens held in the world ’s greatest institutions are wrongly labeled , according to experts from Oxford University and the Royal Botanic Garden .
This is troubling since the whole point of museums is to preserve accurate records of the past .
Errors in labeling specimens could potentially erase a species ’ or peoples ’ records from existence .
Additionally , revising a museum label would cost around US $ 750 .
Given the amount of mislabelled specimen , how much would that end up costing ?
Fast food restaurant ice is often dirtier than toilet water .
You may want to think twice about munching on that ice .
In a 2016 study conducted in the U.K. , major fast - food chains were revealed to have fecal bacteria in their ice .
Starbucks was also among the list .
It was ( hopefully ) not due to a case of tampering , but a lack of maintenance for their ice machines .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Swimmers sweat underwater .
Sweating is the biological function of the body to cool itself .
During intense workouts , the body will perspire even in the water .
However , it ’s barely noticeable even to the swimmers themselves since the water washes the sweat off .
It is scientifically possible to die from drinking too much water .
It ’s important to stay hydrated to keep our bodies functioning well .
However , too much water can also be fatal .
When a dehydrated person drinks too much water without the accompanying electrolytes , they can die from water intoxication and hyponatremia .
In fact , forced water intake is even a known torture method .
Pure hydrogen can kill you .
Pure hydrogen gas acts as a chemical asphyxiant .
If you walk into a room with no oxygen , you wo n’t be able to breathe , right ?
It ’s one of the no-brainer science facts .
One of the greatest paleontologists did not go to school .
Mary Anning contributed greatly to paleontology , finding many major marine fossils throughout her life .
However , Anning did not have the best upbringing .
She was born in a family of 10 siblings , but only 2 reached adulthood , including her .
She did not attend formal schooling , and yet she became one of the great names in science .
How ’s that for badass science facts ?
The ocean contains 20 million pounds of gold .
Gold in the ocean waters is so dilute that it would be like looking for sugar grains in a gallon of unstirred coffee .
Gold ores can also be found in the depths of the seafloor , but these deposits are encased layers upon layers of rock .
Currently , there is no efficient way to retrieve these gold deposits from the ocean .
A 5th - grader accidentally created a new molecule in 2012 .
During a class activity , 10 - year - old Clara Lazen presented her teacher with a randomly - constructed molecule diagram .
Instead of dismissing it , Mr. Kenneth
Boer took a photo and sent it to a chemist for analysis .
Turns out , it was a new , explosive molecule called Tetranitratoxycarbon .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Female animals can sometimes reject sperm .
For different species such as chickens , some animals practice sperm dumping to reject the sperm of mates they do n’t like .
Global warming is affecting gravity .
The rapid rate of ice melting in Antarctica is so large in scale that it caused a small shift in gravity in the region .
Who ’s to say how much more it will change ?
We ’re living in a time with the most carbon dioxide ever recorded in the atmosphere .
More carbon dioxide has been recorded in the atmosphere today than at any point in the last 800,000 years .
You can use your fingers to get the times table of 9 .
Need some help memorizing the times table of 9 ?
Stretch our your hands and the answer you need is there !
Starting with your left pinky finger , put it down and you ’ll get 9 ( 1 x 9 ) .
Next , put down only your left ring finger , and you ’ll get 18 ( 2 x 9 ) .
After that , put down only your left middle finger , and you ’ll get 27 ( 3 x 9 ) , and so on …
How cool is this number trick ?
Tuna has the highest protein content for fish .
Bluefin and yellowfin tuna are especially rich in protein .
Bluefin offers 29.91 grams of protein per 100 grams of dry- cooked fish , and yellowfin provides 29.15 grams .
A few other contenders are the following : anchovies ( 29 gr ) , salmon ( 27 g ) , halibut ( 27 g ) and tilapia ( 26 grams ) .
Tungsten is the hardest metal .
Metals vary in structure and properties .
For example , aluminum is lightweight and malleable , while mercury is liquid in form .
However , tungsten is the hardest metal known to man .
It is used for heavy - duty industries such as space travel and ballistics .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Explosives funded the Nobel Prize .
Alfred Nobel was born into extreme poverty .
However , his work with science led him to produce dynamite and other explosives .
He went on to establish the Nobel Peace Prize in 1895 .
Now that ’s one for science facts you never expected .
The strongest virus had an 80 % mortality rate .
A Marburg virus outbreak struck the Democratic Republic of Congo for 2 years .
With a 20 - 80 survival rate , the Marburg virus is the strongest known virus to date .
Tomatoes have more genes than humans .
The tomato contains 31,760 genes – that is 7,000 more genes than a human .
Friends share more DNA than strangers .
According to social homophily , people form bonds based on shared characteristics that can be traced to genetics .
A 2018 study tested this theory and discovered that the DNA between friends were more genetically similar than random pairs of strangers .
Interestingly , they were only two - thirds as genetically similar as the average married couple .
The average person has 5 liters of blood .
Once a person loses 40 % of their blood , they will die without immediate transfusion .
The biggest tsunami reached over 1000 feet .
The largest tsunami ever recorded occurred in Lituya Bay , Alaska in 1958 .
The huge wave measured a staggering 1720 feet .
Definitely one of the science facts that show how nature is terrifying .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
It ’s scientifically possible to start a fire using flatulence .
Did you know that you could start a fire with your farts ?
Human flatulence is flammable since it contains methane and hydrogen sulphide .
However , it would take very particular amounts of the gases to ignite .
A successfully lit fart fire would be blue in color .
The scientist behind modern ballistics survived five fatal sword blows .
Before he developed the theory for modern ballistics , Niccolo Tartaglia sustained severe injuries from an attack in his hometown .
He suffered major blows to his face and neck .
Because they could not afford it , his mother had to nurse him back to health on her own .
Gasoline can contain between 150 and 1,000 different chemical compounds .
Who knew we had to use that many compounds whenever we take a drive ?
Oxygen is n’t colorless .
It may be colorless in its gas form , but solid and liquid oxygen has a pale blue color .
87 % of scientists believe that climate change is mostly caused by human activity .
However , only 50 % of the public believes humans caused climate change .
The scientific term for brain freeze can make your head hurt , too .
Brain freeze is scientifically known as “ Sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia . ”
What a mouthful .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
The most complete memorization of Pi lasted 70,000 decimal places .
Rajveer Meena of India holds the world record for reciting the most digits of Pi at 70,000 decimal places .
Meena achieved the record on March 21 , 2015 .
The biggest robot in the world weighs 11 tons .
Tradinno is the largest functional robot in the world .
Standing at 15 meters long , the dragon robot weighs 11 tons .
Tradinno starred in the German play Drachenstich .
If you get exposed to radiation , you need to get naked .
One of the weirder yet essential nuclear energy facts :
If you get exposed to nuclear substances , the best course of action is to remove all of your clothes .
This will remove 90 % of the radioactive substance you were exposed to .
Scientists found the 8th continent .
Zealandia , also known as the New Zealand continent or Tasmantis , is an almost entirely submerged continent .
It sank after breaking away from Australia 60 – 85 million years ago .
It is also theorized that it separated from Antarctica between 85 and 130 million years ago .
The human body is made up of 206 bones .
Surprisingly , babies are born with 300 !
Babies ’ bones only fuse together and harden as they get older .
Diamonds are the hardest natural substance .
Diamonds are not the hardest substance of all - time , but it is the strongest substance naturally found on Earth .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
You can charge phones with pee .
Using the minerals in human urine , roughly 2.5 cups of pee are enough to charge a cell phone for three hours .
( But we ’d suggest leaving this method as your last resort . )
The only letter that does n't appear on the periodic table is J.
Out of 118 chemical elements , only this letter feels left out .
An ice cube takes up about 9 % more volume than the water used to make it .
This explains why liquids expand in containers when they are frozen .
Galileo Galilei created the scientific method .
Galileo Galilei pioneered science through developing the earliest experimental scientific method and the functional telescope .
The Pacific Ocean is the biggest body of water in the world .
Taking up a total of 155 million square kilometers , the Pacific Ocean surrounds Asia , Australia , and the Americas .
It is the largest body of water on Earth , having twice as much water as the Atlantic Ocean .
The Earth has a mass of 5.97 x 10 ^24 kg .
The Earth ’s circumference measures 40,075 kilometers , while its diameter is 12,756 kilometers .
Overall , the Earth ’s mass amounts to 5,970,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 kg .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
The Kilauea Volcano is the most active volcano .
Volcanology is the scientific study of volcanoes .
Currently , the Kilauea volcano in Hawaii is the most active volcano .
Since 1983 , it has erupted over 60 times and counting .
Scientists successfully altered a human gene for the first time in 2017 .
On July 27 , 2017 , Portland researchers successfully used CRISPR , a gene - editing technique , to remove a gene from a human embryo .
Using CRISPR , the researchers deleted a gene linked to heart complications from the embryo .
Scientists created a synthetic uterus for lamb .
On April 26 , 2017 , Physicians at the Children ’s Hospital of Philadelphia created a uterus “ biobag ” capable of sustaining premature fetal lambs .
After 105 days of development ( the equivalent of 22 days for humans ) , the lambs were extracted from their mothers and sealed in the bags .
Surprisingly , they developed in the synthetic wombs and even survived long after .
Thomas Edison electrocuted an elephant to death to prove a point .
To prove that his direct current was safer than Nikola Tesla ’s alternating current , Thomas Edison conducted a public experiment on an elephant .
In 1903 , Edison filmed an elephant getting fried by alternating current in Coney Island .
Luna Park Zoo offered Topsy the Asian elephant for the experiment , since she had killed 3 handlers throughout the years .
Topsy would n’t be Edison ’s only victim , since he recorded other animals being electrocuted as well .
Johann Conrad Dippel created Dippel ’s oil and claimed it was elixir .
Johann Conrad Dippel was a scientist in the late 1600s who created Dippel ’s oil : a stew made of animal bones and hide .
He claimed his concoction could extend the lifespan of those who drink it .
Definitely one of the science facts that are hard to stomach .
Isaac Newton believes the world will end after 2060 .
Based on a Bible passage , Newton believed that the apocalypse will come some time after the year 2060 .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Leucippus was the first scientist who proposed atoms .
Leucippus and his student Democritus first wrote in 5th century BCE that all matter is composed of small , indivisible atoms .
How ’s that for cool science facts ?
The density of ice is 10 % lower than that of water .
This explains why ice floats on water .
Stomach acid can dissolve razor blades .
The PH level in the stomach is so high that it can dissolve metal .
However , plastic would come out unscathed .
Definitely one of the scarier science facts .
Many scientists believed the world was flat until the 17th century .
The Flat Earth theory might sound ridiculous to you now , but for a time , even the most renowned scholars believed in this theory .
Among these scholars were Thales , Leucippus , Democritus , Anaximenes , and Xenophanes , who all contributed to major scientific discoveries of our time .
Athanasius Kircher was a scientist who believed in mythological beasts .
Known by many as the Master of a Hundred Arts , Athanasius Kircher studied everything from science and medicine to religion .
However , he strongly believed in mermaids , giants , and dragons .
Definitely one of the crazier science facts .
The Office of Alien Property Custodian confiscated Nikola Tesla ’s inventions when he died .
From WWI to WWII , the U.S. government delegated an Office of Alien Property Custodian .
When Nikola Tesla died in 1943 , the Office of Alien Property seized his belongings and unreleased inventions .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Stephen Hawking never won a Nobel Prize .
Despite his extensive work as a theoretical physicist and cosmologist as well as his bestselling book , A Brief History of Time , Stephen Hawking never received any Nobel Prizes .
A rubber tire is made up of only one molecule .
A tire is one polymer with a large molecular weight .
The sun does n’t change color during sunset .
We only see it that way because the sun ’s wavelengths react to the different substances in the atmosphere .
Sound creates heat .
Sound waves generate heat when they travel and are absorbed by materials .
Time goes faster at the top of the building than at the bottom .
According to Einstein ’s theory of Relativity , the farther an object is from the Earth ’s surface , the faster time passes .
Gyroscopic effect keeps a bike balanced .
The principle is that a spinning wheel tends to stay aligned in its original direction .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
You ca n’t sink in the Dead Sea .
The Dead Sea has a very high density because of its salt content , which would make it impossible for you to sink .
Sound is visible .
Every time you see a vibration , you ’re seeing sound .
The entire human race can fit inside a sugar cube .
If we removed all the spaces between the particles in our atoms , the whole of humanity could be compressed into a singular sugar cube .
Touch phones do n’t detect certain materials because of electrical charge .
A typical smartphone would not detect touches from fingernails , rubber , or certain fabrics because they lack the ions needed for the interaction .
Thales was the first physicist .
He believed the world was only built from one element : water .
Silk is the strongest natural material .
Spiders make their webs by producing silk .
This silk is 5 times stronger than steel .
Read also : 40 Nobel Prize Facts That You Should Know About
Gelatin does n’t break if you tap it because of surface tension .
The outer gelatin layer serves as an elastic membrane , which is why it only bounces and jiggles .
Inertia keeps you from falling out of a rollercoaster .
Your mass resists the acceleration of intense loops and keeps you on your seat .
Not all diamonds are colorless .
Contrary to popular belief , not all diamonds are colorless .
Rare diamonds come in different shades of red , green , orange , yellow , brown , black , pink and blue .
Monwebs.com offers affordable and appropriate hosting solution and provides quick support assistance to their customers .
The company has introduced various hosting plans at very competitive rates .
Their shared hosting plan comes with 24/7 technical support , 99.5 % uptime , FTP accounts , control panel , databases , spam filtering and 30 - day money back guarantee .
Moreover , VPS plan includes one or more dedicated IP .
Their package is designed especially for bloggers .
` Momwebs` offers many features such as free restores softaculous , nightly backups , install WordPress , CGI web - based file manager and much more .
Best of all they offer 30 days money back guarantee without any question .
They also provide a bonus on referral service and rental services .
Momwebs.com : Company Overview
Momwebs.com wants their customers to utilize their time in other work instead of wasting it on stumbling around in the dark for web hosting server searching .
They have the expertise to help , and If a customer is stuck with a word press or other website problem , then momwebs.com will quickly fix it or else recommend some affordable & appropriate solution to help customer with a more complex fix .
A customer will get help from help desk of momwebs.com for reliable & quick support assistance he needs .
They concentrate on newcomers get their Blog started right through quick start package that is designed to give its customers a extra help as to tackle launching a new blog or to bring a website over from another platform or web host .
Reliability & performance
As its name suggest , a customer can trust it same as a child can trust his mother .
With this concept keeping in mind momwebs.com people provide web hosting server services to its customers .
They will also help a customer to move his web sites from existing host .
In most cases they can do all of the work for a customer , if he provides login information of old host and domain registrar .
A properly managed move does not require a customer`s website to go down .
Hosting plan
There are various web hosting plans momwebs.com offers to its customer .
Every shared hosting plan includes , 24/7 tech support , money back guarantee within 30 days , 99.5 % uptime guarantee , cPanel control panel , unlimited email addresses , databases , FTP accounts , spam filtering , etc .
Every VPS hosting plan includes most of the services provided similar to shared hosting plans .
With those services it also includes one or more dedicated IP & many more services .
Blog started right through quick start package specifically designed for bloggers which give its customers a helping hand to launch a new blog .
Control panel & features
Momwebs.com controls various features through its data centers .
Its features include web traffic statistics , .htaccess , PHP , Perl , CGI web - based file manager , nightly backups and free restores Softaculous through which a customer can install word press for free of cost & many more features are there to mention which a person can find easily on its website .
The momwebs .
com`s affiliate program pays 20 % residual commissions on each and every one of referrals given by its customers .
Support
Support through every possible means is provided by momwebs.com .
They are confident enough in their backup systems to guarantee 99.5 % uptime that includes maintenance work and reboots .
If they fail in providing uptime committed by them , then a customer is eligible to receive a free month of hosting at the end of his current billing period .
Pros & cons
Momwebs.com renders most of the services needed for web hosting & does it at affordable price .
Its uptime is less in comparisons to few other web hosting service providers & there are few services that are not furnished by momwebs.com .
Refund policy
Momwebs.com provides money back guarantee within 30 days without any objection or questioning .
Conclusion
Momwebs.com furnishes various facilities like upgrade at any time without losing current investment .
Any hosting time customers have already paid for will be applied as a credit towards next hosting plan including a move to a dedicated server .
It also offers rental services & bonus on referral service .
With more than 16 years of web hosting experience , it is a good choice .
President George Bush ’s ignorance of the Middle East and its people is well - known .
So also is his habit of parroting words and sentences given to him by other people .
He hit a new low when he referred to “ Islamic fascists . ”
No two more opposite concepts are to be found .
Fascism glorifies the nation - state ; Islam is transnational .
Fascism demands slavish devotion to a national leader ; Muslims are far too independent - minded to be slavish followers of anybody .
Virtually all the people Saddam Hussein murdered were people trying to overthrow him .
Fascism is militaristic .
Islam is not .
Mr. Bush , who has dubbed himself the “ war president , ” has made a pathetic and absurd effort to picture himself as Winston Churchill facing off against evil .
He is no Churchill .
Most of the enemies he imagines , he has created himself .
The West faces no threat from Islam .
Islam is one of the fastest - growing religions in the world , but it really is a religion of peace .
More importantly , it is a religion that concentrates on individual salvation .
There is no Muslim pope , no College of Cardinals , no bishops , no priesthood .
Any five Muslims anywhere in the world can start their own mosque .
Imams are teachers and , like Protestant preachers or Jewish rabbis , can be fired by their congregation .
The Shi’ite version is slightly more organized .
A fatwa is a statement issued by an imam , usually explanatory .
It is similar to statements issued by the pope , with this important difference : No Muslim is bound by any fatwa .
Muslims are free to pay attention to it or to ignore it .
Islam , like Christianity , is a universal religion that ignores nationality , race or color .
To become a Muslim , one must profess belief in one God , acknowledge Muhammad as his prophet , recognize the Quran as the word of God , pray five times a day , provide for the poor and , if possible , make a trip to Mecca once in your lifetime .
The God Muslims worship is the same God Christians and Jews worship .
To dispose of some of the slanderous misstatements being floated about , Islam forbids forced conversions .
People would do well to read some history rather than rely on ignorant and malicious radio and TV talk - show hosts .
The oldest Christian communities in the world are all in Muslim countries .
There have always been Christian and Jewish communities in the Muslim world .
Muslims are commanded to treat Christians and Jews as they would treat themselves .
They revere Jesus as a prophet and highly respect the Virgin Mary .
The disputes you see in the modern Middle East are not religious ; they are all about secular matters , principally Israeli occupation of Arab lands .
The Arabs see Israel as the last European colonialist state imposed on them by the European powers .
That ’s true , in fact .
Hamas and Islamic Jihad are concerned only with ending Israeli occupation of Palestine .
Hezbollah is concerned with ending Israeli occupation of Lebanon .
Al - Qaeda wants to overthrow the Persian Gulf governments and is at war with us because we are the principal backers and supporters of those governments .
Al - Qaeda alone is most un -Islamic and has been so labeled by a majority of Muslims .
It is a small group .
If you wish to understand Islam , turn off your TV and go to the library .
Introduce yourself to some of America ’s 6 million Muslims .
You ’ll find them to be very decent and patriotic people .
There are some fanatics among Muslims , just as there are among Jews and Christians .
Most of the New England states were originally populated by people fleeing Puritan rule in Massachusetts .
The way to combat the fanatics is to extend the hand of friendship to ordinary Muslims and to protest the slander and libel of Muslims and Islam , just as you should protest the slander and libel of Jews and other groups .
Bigotry should have no place in our public dialogue , regardless of the target .
It ’s obvious that President Bush will never understand the world into which he was born , but most Americans have more open minds  except , of course , those who prefer to click their heels and salute when their Fuehrer of choice speaks .
Hackers have published code that could let an attacker disable the Windows Firewall on certain Windows XP machines .
The code , which was posted on the Internet early Oct , 29 , could be used to disable the Windows Firewall on a fully patched Windows XP PC that was running Windows ' Internet Connection Service ( ICS ) .
This service allows Windows users to essentially turn their PC into a router and share their Internet connection with other computers on the local area network ( LAN . )
It is typically used by home and small - business users .
The attacker could send a malicious data packet to another PC using ICS that would cause the service to terminate .
Because this service is connected to the Windows Firewall , this packet would also cause the firewall to stop working , said Tyler Reguly , a research engineer at nCircle Network Security , who has blogged about the issue .
" Once the firewall is down , where 's your line of defense ? " he said today in an interview .
Is An Attack Likely ?
By knocking off the Windows Firewall , a criminal could open the door to new types of attacks , but there are a number of factors that make such an attack scenario unlikely , Reguly said .
For example , the attacker would have to be within the LAN in order to make the attack work , and , of course , it would only work on systems using ICS , which is disabled by default .
Furthermore , the attack would have no effect on any third - party firewall being used by the PC , Reguly said .
Users can avoid the attack by disabling ICS , Reguly said .
But this will also kill the shared Internet connection .
A Solution
An easier solution , may be for ICS users to simply move their networks onto a router or NAT ( Network Address Translation ) device , said Stefano Zanero , chief technology officer with Secure Network SRL .
" They are so cheap right now , and in many cases they offer better protection and a easier administration of your LAN , " he said via instant message .
Windows XP appears to be the only platform affected by this attack , which has not been successfully reproduced on Windows Server 2003 , Reguly said .
Microsoft 's initial investigation into the matter " has concluded that the issue only impacts users of Windows XP , " the company 's public relations agency said Monday in a statement .
" Microsoft is not aware of any attacks attempting to use the reported vulnerability or of customer impact at this time . "
Your browser is outdated .
Please update to a version respecting Web Standards .
What 's in a Name ?
Some Reflections on the Sociology of Anonymity
( The Information Society , special issue on anonymous communication forthcoming , 1999 )
Gary T. Marx
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Send Email | Bibliography | Tables | Notes | Back to Home Page
Abstract :
To paraphrase Mark Twain , reports of either the recent death or coming dominance of anonymity have been greatly exaggerated .
This paper is a beginning effort to lay out some of the conceptual landscape needed to better understand anonymity and identifiability in contemporary life .
I suggest 7 types of identity knowledge involving legal name , location , symbols linked and not linked back to these through intermediaries , distinctive appearance and behavior patterns , social categorization and certification via knowledge or artifacts .
I identify a number of major rationales and contexts for anonymity ( free flow of communication , protection , experimentation ) and identifiability ( e.g. , accountability , reciprocity , eligibility ) and suggest a principle of truth in the nature of naming which holds that those who use pseudonyms on the Internet in personal communications have an obligation to indicate they are doing so .
I also suggest 13 procedural questions to guide the development and assessment of any internet policy regarding anonymity .
Keywords : anonymity , pseudonymity , identification , surveillance , privacy , electronic communication , ethics
___________________
Gary T. Marx was a fellow at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars , Washington D.C. to whom he is grateful for the wonderful environment in which this paper was prepared .
He is also grateful to Terry Bynum and Ann Wood for their extensive comments and to several " anonymous " reviewers for this journal .
Versions of this paper were delivered at a conference on Anonymous Communication on the Net , Irvine , California , American Association for the Advancement of Science , Nov. 1997 and at their annual meetings in Philadelphia .
This draws from a forthcoming book Windows Into the Soul : Surveillance and Society in an Age of High Technology , based on the American Sociological Association - Duke University Jensen Lectures .
___________________
" You ought to have some papers to show who
you are . "
The police officer advised me .
" I do not need any paper .
I know who I am , "
I said .
" Maybe so .
Other people are also interested
in knowing who you are . "
-- B. Traven , The Death Ship
A major consequence of new surveillance and communications technologies is the potential both to decrease and increase anonymity .
Powerful surveillance technologies can inexpensively , efficiently and silently break through borders that have historically protected anonymity and other aspects of personal information .
Anonymity may also be undermined by new biometric forms of identification such as DNA and retinal , voice and olfactory patterns .
The ease of merging previously unrelated data and creating permanent records via audio and video recordings may also reduce the de facto anonymity which resulted from the absence of an observer , the failure of memory and weak means of data analysis .
The " ocular proof " demanded by Othello of his wife 's infidelity comes in an ever expanding variety of forms .
In contrast , new ways of communicating using encryption and through Internet services which offer the opportunity to use pseudonyms and forwarding services which strip all identifying marks , may increase some forms of anonymity .
The personal identity of interlocutors is more difficult to ascertain absent other sensory cues or codes for authentication .
The newness also means that neither formal nor informal norms have sufficiently developed .
The issue of anonymous communication on the net is part of a broader set of surveillance issues that includes the ubiquitous " cookies " question as well ( cookies are remote programs that can monitor web page user 's on - line behavior and can even invade their hard drive without their knowledge or consent ) .
These in turn are part of the still larger issue of visibility and insulation in a society undergoing rapid technological change .
To paraphrase Mark Twain , reports of either the recent death or coming dominance of anonymity have been greatly exaggerated .
We are as ill - served by sweeping statements about the end of privacy as we are about the appearance of a golden age of technologically protected communication .
The systematic study of computers , privacy and anonymity is in its infancy .
Conceptually the multiple dimensions involved here have not been specified , nor of course have they been measured in a systematic empirical fashion that would permit reaching broad conclusions .
The situation is also dynamic -- research documenting a clear problem ( or its absence ) can be a factor in subsequent developments .
This paper lays out some of the conceptual landscape surrounding anonymity and identifiability in contemporary society .
The emphasis is on the cultural level -- on normative expectations and justifications , more than on describing actual behavior .
It is also on the anonymity of individuals rather than of groups or organizations ( of course these may be linked as with infiltrators using pseudonyms working for false front intelligence agencies ) .
I offer some definitions and conceptual distinctions and identify seven dimensions of identity knowledge .
I specify social settings where the opposing values of anonymity or identifiability are required by law , policy , or social expectations .
I then suggest thirteen questions reflecting several ethical traditions to guide policy development and assessment in this area .
While the tone of the paper is tentative in the face of the rapidity of change and the complexity of the issues , I conclude by offering one broad principle involving truth in the nature of naming that I think should apply to computer mediated personal communications .
Definitions and Concepts
Let us first define anonymity and relate it to privacy , confidentiality , and secrecy .
Anonymity is one polar value of a broad dimension of identifiability vs. non-identifiability .
To be fully anonymous means that a person can not be identified according to any of the seven dimensions of identity knowledge to be discussed below .
This in turn is part of a broader variable involving the concealment and revelation of personal information and of information more generally .
Identity knowledge is an aspect of informational privacy .
The latter involves the expectation that individuals should be able to control information about themselves .
Privacy can be differentiated from confidentiality which involves a relationship of trust between two or more people in which personal information is known , but is not to be revealed to others , or is to be revealed only under restricted conditions .
Secrecy refers to a broader category of information protection .
It can refer to both withholding the fact that particular information exists ( e.g. , that a pseudonym is in use ) and to its content .
Ironically anonymity is fundamentally social .
Anonymity requires an audience of at least one person .
One can not be anonymous on top of a mountain if there is no form of interaction with others and if no one is aware of the person .
Compare the solitude of the Beach Boys ' song " In My Room " , a lonely , introspective , plaintive to unrequited love to Petula Clark 's desire to experience the freedom of being " Downtown " where " no one knows your name " .
While similar , only the latter is an example of anonymity .
7 Types of Identity Knowledge
Identity knowledge has multiple components and there are degrees of identifiability .
At least 7 broad types of identity knowledge can be specified .
( table 1 ) These are 1 ) legal name 2 ) locatability 3 ) pseudonyms that can be linked to legal name and / or locatability -- literally a form of pseudo - anonymity 4 ) pseudonyms that can not be linked to other forms of identity knowledge -- the equivalent of " real " anonymity ( except that the name chosen may hint at some aspects of " real " identity 5 ) pattern knowledge 6 ) social categorization 7 ) symbols of eligibility / non-eligibility .
identification may involve a person 's legal name .
Even though names such as John Smith may be widely shared , the assumption is made that there is only one John Smith born to particular parents at a given time and place .
Name usually involves connection to a biological or social lineage and can be a key to a vast amount of other information .
It tends to convey a literal meaning ( e.g. , the child of Joseph and Mary ) .
This aspect of identification is usually the answer to the question " who are you ? "
The use of first names only , as was said to traditionally be the case for both providers and clients in houses of ill repute , can offer partial anonymity .
The question of whether full , last , first , or no name is expected in social settings may appear to be a trivial issue that only a sociologist could love .
But it is in fact the kind of little detail in which big social meanings may reside .
identification can refer to a person 's address .
This involves location and " reach ability " , whether in actual or cyberspace ( a telephone number , a mail or E - mail address , an account number ) .
This need not involve knowing the actual identity or even a pseudonym .
But it does involve the ability to locate and take various forms of action such as blocking , granting access , delivering or picking up , charging , penalizing , rewarding or apprehending .
It answers a " where " rather than a " who " question .
This can be complicated by more than one person using the same address .
identification may involve alphabetic or numerical symbols such as a social security number or biometric patterns or pseudonyms which can be linked back to a person or an address under restricted conditions .
A trusted intermediary and confidentiality are often involved here .
These in effect create a buffer and are a compromise solution in which some protection is given to literal identity or location , while meeting needs for some degree of identification .
As with name , the symbol is intended to refer to only one individual ( but unlike a given name which can be shared , letters and numbers are sufficient as unique identifiers .
Whereas when there is more than one John Smith in question unique identity requires matching to other aspects of identity such as birth date and parents or address ) .
Examples include the number given persons calling tip hot - lines for a reward , anonymous bank accounts , on - line services that permit the use of pseudonyms in chat rooms and on bulletin boards and representations of bio-metric patterns .
identification may involve symbols , names or pseudonyms which can not in the normal course of events be linked back to a person or an address by intermediaries .
This may be because of a protective policy against collecting the information .
For example in some states those tested for AIDS are given a number and receive results by calling in their number without ever giving their name or address .
Or it may be because a duped audience does not know the person they are dealing with is using fraudulent identification , -- for example spies , undercover operatives and con-artists .
identification may be made by reference to distinctive appearance or behavior patterns of persons whose actual identity or locatability is not known ( whether because of the impersonal conditions of urban life or secrecy ) .
Being unnamed is not necessarily the same as being unknown .
Some information is always evident in face - to - face interaction because we are all ambulatory autobiographies continuously and unavoidably emitting data for other 's senses and machines .
The uncontrollable leakage of some information is a condition of physical and social existence .
This has been greatly expanded by new technologies .
The patterned conditions of urban life mean that we identify many persons we do n't " know " ( that is we know neither their names , nor do we know them personally ) .
In everyday encounters ( say riding the subway each day at 8 am ) we may come to " know " other riders in the sense of recognizing them .
Skilled graffiti writers may become well known by their " tags " ( signed nicknames ) or just their distinctive style , even as their real identity is unknown to most persons .
1
Persons making anonymous postings to a computer bulletin board may come to be " known " by others because of the content , tone or style of their communications .
Similarly detectives may attribute re-occurring crimes to a given individual even though they do n't know the person 's name ( e.g. , the Unibomber , the Son of Sam , the Red Light Bandit , Jack - the - Ripper ) .
There are also pro-social examples such as anonymous donors with a history of giving in predictable ways which makes them " known " to charities .
They are anonymous in the sense that their name and location is not known , but they are different from the anonymous donor who gives only once .
identification may involve social categorization .
Many sources of identity are social and do not differentiate the individual from others sharing them ( e.g. , gender , ethnicity , religion , age , class , education , region , sexual orientation , linguistic patterns , organizational memberships and classifications , health status , employment , leisure activities ) .
Simply being at certain places at particular times can also be a key to presumed identity .
identification may involve certification in which the possession of knowledge ( secret passwords , codes ) or artifacts ( tickets , badges , tattoos , uniforms ) or skills ( performances such as the ability to swim ) labels one as a particular kind of person to be treated in a given away .
This is categorical and identifies their possessor as an eligible or ineligible person with no necessary reference to anything more ( although the codes and symbols can be highly differentiated with respect to categories of person and levels of eligibility ) .
This is vital to contemporary discussions because it offers a way of balancing control of personal information with legitimate needs such as for reimbursement ( e.g. , toll roads , phones , photo - copy machines , subways ) and excluding system abusers .
Smart card technologies with encryption and segmentation make this form of increased importance .
Socially Sanctioned Contexts of Concealment and Revelation
What is the ecology or field of identity revelation / concealment ?
How are these distributed in social space and time ?
What structures and processes can be identified ?
When and why does society require or expect ( whether by laws , policies or manners ) that various aspects of identity will not be revealed ?
Under what conditions does the opposite apply -- that is , when is the revelation of the various aspects of identity expected by law , policy or custom ?
The lists that follow , while not exhaustive , hopefully cover the most common contexts in which anonymity and identifiability are viewed as socially desirable .
I have classified these by their major justifications .
2
Rationales in Support of ( full or partial ) Anonymity
to facilitate the flow of information and communication on public issues ( this is the " if you kill the messenger you wo n't hear the bad news " rationale ) .
Some examples :
hot lines for reporting problems and violations , various communication channels for whistle blowers
witnesses at Congressional hearings or in investigative media reports who are visible behind a screen and whose voice may be electronically distorted
news media sources such as " deep throat " of Watergate illfame
unsigned or pseudonymous political communications
the use of pen names and the nom - de- plume
groups investigating human rights and other abuses and those reporting to them ( including mass media investigative reporters and social reform groups using stings and infiltration )
to obtain personal information for research in which persons are assumed not to want to give publicly attributable answers or data .
For example :
studies of sexual and criminal behavior and other social research
informational audits
medical research
to encourage attention to the content of a message or behavior rather than to the nominal characteristics of the messenger which may detract from that .
For example :
persons with a well known public reputation writing in a different area may want to avoid being " type cast " , or having their reputations effected or not taken seriously ( a professor who writes detective stories , a religious leader who writes about her doubts about religion ) .
In the words of " Anonymous " the author of Primary Colors " I wanted the book to be reviewed , not the author . "
for dramatic reasons to fit cultural images of what a stage name should be or to enhance presumed marketability as with film stars changing ethnic minority names to short Anglicized names ( Bernard Schwartz to Tony Curtis , Issur Danielovitch to Isidore Demsky to Kirk Douglas , or strippers with names such as Candy Barr , Blaze Star and Beverly Hills .
to encourage reporting , information seeking , communicating , sharing and self - help for conditions that are stigmatizing and / or which can put the person at a strategic disadvantage or are simply very personal .
Some examples :
self - help requests and discussion and support groups for alcohol , drug , and family abuse , sexual identity , mental and physical illness
tests for AIDS and other socially transmitted sexual diseases , pregnancy
sociability experiences among persons who are shy or uncomfortable in face - to - face interaction
communicating about personal problems and issues with technologically distanced ( and presumably safer ) strangers .
3
posting personal information such as course grades in a public place using student ID numbers
to obtain a resource or encourage a condition using means that involve illegality or are morally impugnable , but in which the goal sought is seen as the lesser evil .
For example :
amnesty programs for the return of contraband ( guns , stolen goods ) " no questions asked "
needle exchange programs
spies and undercover operatives ( including on - line stings using pseudonyms )
the Federal Witness Protection Program .
to protect donors of a resource or those taking action seen as necessary but unpopular from subsequent obligations , demands , labeling , entanglements or retribution .
Some examples :
anonymous gift giving to charitable organizations in which donors are protected from additional demands or advertising their wealth .
The Judaeo - Christian ethic which makes virtue its own reward supports this .
The " secret Santa " in which persons bring anonymous gifts to be randomly distributed is one variant
sperm and egg donors , birth parents giving a child up for adoption
hiding the identity of judges of competitions and in courts to protect them from inappropriate influence ( whether persuasion , coercion or bribes ) and retribution
hangmen in England wore hoods , in part to protect them from retaliation but perhaps also to enhance the drama
identification numbers rather than names worn by police
to protect strategic economic interests , whether as a buyer or a seller .
For example a developer may be quietly purchasing small parcels of land under an assumed name or names , in preparation for a coming development ( a shopping mall , university expansion , transportation system ) that has not been publicly announced .
A company in financial difficulty may attempt to sell goods or services under another name to avoid letting customers know how desperate it is to sell .
In silent ( or loud ) auctions bidders are identified by a number and in the latter case it may not be known who the person holding the number represents .
The autonomy of individual consumers may be enhanced when they pay with cash or a money order , rather than an identity - revealing check , credit or frequent shopper card .
When merchants can use fine - grained data mining programs that correlate personal characteristics of the consumer , context of purchase and bar - coded sales , consumers may be more subject to manipulation .
The gap here between being known only as " occupant " vs. being a participant in a frequent shopper program is large ( although for some persons this is compensated for by savings and individualized information re their consumption interests )
to protect one 's time , space and person from unwanted intrusions .
For example :
unlisted phone numbers
opposition to caller - ID unless there is a blocking option
women using a neutral or male name or an initial rather than a first name in phone and other directories , or wearing a veil or clothes that conceal feminine distinctiveness
post office box addresses identified only by number
mail forward services
providing only minimal information on warranty cards
giving a fake name , or refusing to give one 's name when seeking commercial information
celebrities who do n't want to be recognized using assumed names and the cliche of wearing dark glasses
to increase the likelihood that judgements and decision - making will be carried out according to designated standards and not personal characteristics deemed to be irrelevant .
For example :
having musicians competing for orchestra positions perform behind a screen so that judges can not see them
the blind reviewing of articles for scholarly journals or grading student exams
reviewing college applications with names and gender deleted
to protect reputation and assets .
The " theft of identity " and sending of inauthentic messages has emerged as a significant by - product of the expansion of electronically mediated ( as against face - to - face ) interactions .
4
For example :
the free service set up by a Florida programmer " FAKEMAIL " in which thousands of bogus e-mail messages were sent out using names such as Bill Clinton
the spreading of a variety of violations associated with the theft of identity or the creation of fictitious identities ( Marx , 1990 , Cavoukian 1996 )
to avoid persecution .
For example
runaway slaves
Jews , Roma , leftists , homosexuals during the Nazi period
those subject to human rights violations by repressive regimes
to enhance rituals , games , play and celebrations .
Letting loose , pretending and playing new roles are seen as factors in mental and social health .
Part of the fun and suspense of the game is not knowing who .
For example :
Halloween masks , masked balls , costume parties , role reversal rituals in traditional societies reflect this .
Mardi Gras celebrations that involve masks and cross - dressing are an example .
the preparations around surprise parties and some of the actual guests ( though in this case there may be a move from anonymity or a deceptive ID to actual identification at the gathering )
some board and computer games involve lack of clarity as to identity ( either or both the real identity of the players and hidden identity in the game ) , on line role - playing and fantasy in which service providers offer a limited number of pseudonyms
to encourage experimentation and risk taking without facing large consequences , risk of failure or embarrassment since one 's identity is protected .
This is a kind of cost - free test drive of alternative identities , behavior and reading material ( the anti-chill justification ) .
For example :
pretending to be of a different gender , ethnicity , sexual preference , political persuasion etc. in on - line communication
commercial invitations to try a product or service free for a limited period of time ( although of course there is likely to be at least some identity trail here )
to protect personhood or " it 's none of your business " .
What is central here is not some instrumental goal as with most of the above , but simply the autonomy of the person .
This can be an aspect of manners and involves an expectation of anonymity as part of respect for the dignity of the person and recognition of the fact that the revelation of personal information is tied to intimacy .
5
While the revelation of name , address or phone number is hardly an act of profound intimacy , it is none - the - less personal .
In many contexts , particularly those in public involving secondary or formal relations , the decision to reveal these is up to the individual and can be viewed as a kind of currency exchange , ( along with other personal information ) as trust in a relationship evolves .
One shows respect for the other by not asking and the other is permitted the symbolic and instrumental option of being able to volunteer it .
The United States has particularly strong expectations here as seen in the limited conditions under which police can require that persons identify themselves ( although the California inspired pseudo - gemeineschaft of " hi I 'm Bill your waiter " might seem to contradict that ) .
Behavior as a consumer also fits here .
Beyond not wanting to reveal identity information that can be used in marketing , many persons feel that the kinds of liquor , birth control , medicines , magazines , or electronic products they purchase should be revealed at their discretion and not electronically taken from them .
traditional expectations .
This is a bit different than the above because the custom that is honored does not appear to have emerged from a reasoned policy decision , but rather is an artifact of the way a technology developed or the way group life evolved .
This then becomes associated with expectations about what is normal or natural , and hence expected and preferred .
The telephone is a good example .
When caller - ID was announced there was significant public resistance because people were accustomed to being able to make a phone call without having to reveal their phone number ( and all that could be associated with it . )
Caller - ID as it was first offered without blocking changed that .
Those who argued against this were often unaware of the historical recency of their ability to phone anonymously .
In an earlier time period when all calls went through a local operator , this was not possible .
The move to automatic switching was not undertaken to enhance privacy , but because it was more efficient .
One 's " right " to mail a first class letter anonymously emerged simply because at the time the relevant postal regulations were established the issue of accountability of the sender was not seen as relevant .
A return address was recommended but that was only as an aide for undeliverable letters ( and perhaps as an incentive for recipients who until 1855 had to pay the cost of the letters they received ) .
A postmark has always been required but that appears to be more as a means of holding postal authorities accountable .
Mention may also be made of some related contexts in which anonymity is present simply because the conditions of complex urban life permit it .
For example ( absent the new technologies ) , not being easily identified or having to identify oneself when in public is the default condition -- whether sitting on a park bench , walking on a crowded street or cheering in a stadium .
Beyond there being no expectation that the individual must identify him or herself in public settings , a request from a stranger for such identification would be taken as unusual and off - putting , as would the stranger 's offering of his or her personal identification information , other factors being equal ( of course in the quasi- public setting of a singles bar that is not the case ) .
Here we encounter the interesting case of expectations of privacy in public ( Nissenbaum , 1997 ) .
There is an irony in norms of privacy having particular cogency in public settings .
While not codified , manners in public settings and in encounters with strangers limit what can be asked of the other and support what Erving Goffman terms disattending .
One aspect of this is to help others avoid embarrassment and to help sustain a person 's self - image and the image presented to others of being a particular kind of person , even when the facts suggest the opposite .
Here we may distinguish between not having identity knowledge vs. having it , but pretending that one does not -- granting a kind of pseudo - anonymity .
This may be to avoid unwanted claims or to collude in helping others maintain a positive image of self .
David Karp's ( 1973 ) study of the privacy sustaining behavior of patrons and employees in pornographic book stores is an example .
A related case is not taking advantage of available identity information .
This factor was emphasized by Simmel ( 1964 ) in commenting on the urban dweller 's tendency to screen out information and distance one 'self from the abundance of sensory stimuli offered by busy city environments .
Another environment where a degree of defacto anonymity exists is in being away from home -- whether as a tourist , traveler , or expatriate .
Not only is one less likely to be personally known but many of the symbols ( accent , dress , body language ) that present clues to identity will go uninterpreted or simply serve to put one in the broad class of foreigner .
Since the stranger may be seeking this anonymity , locals may have an economic or political interest in granting it .
It would be interesting to study isolated areas and frontier towns in this regard .
Note places such as the small western town where the fugitive in the novel Falcon and the Snowman 6 was living when he was captured , in which there is a tradition of not asking who people were , or where they came from .
Rationales in Support of Identifiability
A consideration of contexts and rationales where anonymity is permitted or required must be balanced by a consideration of the opposite .
When is identifiability required , expected or permitted ?
The rationales here seem simpler , clearer and less disputed .
While there are buffers and degrees of identification , the majority of interactions of any significance or duration tilt toward identification of at least some form .
As Scottish moral philosophers such as David Hume argued , human sentiments and social needs favor it .
It is more difficult to do ill to others when we know who they are and must face the possibility of confronting them .
Mutual revelation is a sign of good faith which makes it easier to trust ( not unlike the handshake whose origin reportedly was to show that one was not carrying a weapon ) .
It is a kind of sampling of one 's inner - worth or an early showing of part of one 's hand .
It also makes possible reciprocity , perhaps the most significant of social processes .
To paraphrase a line from the film " Love Story " --" being anonymous means you never have to say you are sorry " -- and that of course is one of the problems .
Thinking of society without personal identities is like a modern building without a foundation .
The number of contexts where it is expected and even required far exceeds those where its opposite is required or expected .
Indeed failure to identify one 's self often leads to suspicion rather than the reverse .
As with the Lone Ranger we ask " who was that masked man ? "
Just try the simple experiment of wearing a hood or Halloween mask throughout the day and note how it will surface the usually tacit norms regarding identification and a variety of control responses .
Central to many of the contexts where some form of identifiability is required or at least expected we find :
to aide in accountability .
Saints and those with strongly internalized moral codes respect the rules regardless of whether or not they are watched ( or potentially locatable ) .
But for others who can resist anything but temptation , especially if under cover of anonymity , this is less likely .
Because individuals generally want others to think well of them and / or to avoid negative sanctions , normative behavior is more likely when people are identifiable .
One extreme form is the anti-mask laws of some states ( adopted as an anti-KKK strategy ) .
The numbers on police badges are intended to hold police accountable while creating a buffer in their personal life from irate citizens .
Contrast that with the names worn by airlines clerks and on the legitimacy - confirming badges of door - to - door solicitors .
The current emphasis on identifying and tracking absent fathers with children supported by welfare is another example of accountability .
to judge reputation .
In contrast to the small homogeneous group without strangers , mass impersonal societies rely on name and the records and recommendations it can be associated with , to determine personal qualities .
In small communities where membership itself is a form of vouching these are taken for granted .
to pay dues or receive just deserts .
Reciprocity is among the most fundamental of social forms and it requires being able to locate those we interact with .
An identity peg makes it possible to have guarantees ( such as collateral for a loan ) , to extract payments ( of whatever sort ) and to distribute justice and rewards , although this need not always involve literal identity .
to aide efficiency and improve service .
The modern ethos and competitive environments view knowledge as power and generate seemingly insatiable organizational appetites for personal information to serve organizational ends and in their words " to better serve the customer " .
The extent of this was brought home to me recently when I purchased some batteries at Radio Shack with cash and was asked for my phone number .
Perhaps the case was stronger with the dry cleaners I next took my clothes to ( although the numbered receipt had always been sufficient before ) .
The clerk 's matter - of - fact manner in asking for my name and phone number and cheery response " you are a new customer are n't you ? " overwhelmed whatever hesitancy I might have had about giving out an unlisted number .
But it did not begin to match my surprise when a waiter looking down at his hand - held computer at a restaurant I had not been to for six months asked , " would you like the salmon you had last time " ?
The over - stuffed warranty cards we are asked to fill out offer another example .
to determine bureaucratic eligibility -- to vote , drive a car , fix the sink , cut hair , do surgery , work with children , collect benefits , enter or exit ( whether national borders , bars or adult cinemas ) .
Administrative needs in a complex division of labor require differentiation and complex norm enforcement , which in turn may depend on personal characteristics linked to name and place .
a characteristic of modern society is ever increased differentiation and the proliferation of fine - grained categories for treating persons and of requirements for being able to perform various roles .
This is believed to involve both efficiency and justice .
These require unique identities , although not necessarily actual name .
But the latter is seen to enhance validity beyond being an organizational peg .
Compare for example the evolution of the contemporary wallet with its space for multiple cards , with the paucity of identification documents required in the 19th century and earlier , simpler carrying devices .
to guarantee interactions that are distanced or mediated by time and space .
This is the case with ordering by credit card or paying with a check rather than cash ( of course various types of impersonal vouchers such as a postal mail order offer alternatives ) .
However even in the latter case an address is frequently needed to deliver goods or to handle complaints and disputes .
It used to be that one could simply call and make a restaurant reservation ( often using as a nom - de - plume the name of a famous scholar or author ) .
Then restaurants began asking for phone numbers and now some even require a credit card number to hold the place .
Such identity becomes an alternative to the generalized trust more characteristic of small communities .
to aide research .
Research may benefit from links to other types of personal data .
Longitudinal research may require tracking unique individuals although identity can be masked with statistical techniques as a recent National Academy of Sciences ( 1995 ) study recommends .
to protect health and consumers .
Health and consumer protection may require identifying individuals with particular predispositions or experiences such as exposure to a substance discovered to be toxic or purchasers of a product later found to have a safety defect .
Concern over genetic predispositions to illness may be one reason why records are kept ( if often confidential ) of sperm and egg donors or birth parents giving a child up for adoption .
The need to identify persons in death ( as with the DNA samples required of those in the military ) which are to be used only for that purpose , or to obtain personal information helpful in a medical emergency are other examples .
to aid in relationship building .
The currency of friendship and intimacy is a reciprocal , gradual revealing of personal information that starts with name and location .
Here information is a resource like a down payment , but it also has a symbolic meaning beyond its specific content .
to aid in social orientation .
It used to be said at baseball stadiums , " You ca n't tell the players without a program " ( although we have seen a move from numbers to names on jerseys ) .
More broadly social orientation to strangers and social regulation are aided by the clues about other aspects of identity presumed to be revealed by name and location ( e.g. , ethnicity , religion , life style ) .
But is it Good or Bad ?
You 've got to accentuate the positive
eliminate the negative
and look out for Mr. In - Between
-- 1950s popular song
Easier sung than done .
The key issue for ethics and public policy is under what conditions is it right or wrong to favor anonymity or identifiability ?
As the examples above suggest there are many contexts in which most persons would agree that some form of anonymity or identifiability is desirable .
But there are others where we encounter a thicket of moral ambiguity and competing rationales and where a balancing act may be called for .
The public policy questions raised by technologies for collecting personal information are more controversial than many other issues such as ending poverty and disease in which the conflict involves asking " how " rather than " why " .
The questions raised by the concealment and revelation of personal information are like some relationships in which persons can not live with each other , but neither can they live apart .
The issue becomes under what conditions do they co-exist ?
So it is with anonymity and identifiability .
There are existential dilemmas and in many cases we are sentenced to a life of trade - offs .
I often ask my students what society would be like if there was absolute transparency and no individual control over personal information -- if everything that could be known about a person was available to anyone who wanted to know .
Conversely what would society be like if there was absolute opaqueness such that nothing could be known about anyone except what they chose to reveal .
The absolute anonymity vs. absolute identifiability is a strand of this .
Both of course would be impossible and equally unlivable but for different reasons .
To have to choose between repression and anarchy is hardly a choice between a pillow and a soft place .
The hopeful Enlightenment notion that with knowledge problems will be solved holds more clearly for certain classes of physical and natural science questions than for many social questions .
Certainly those who live by the pursuit of truth dare not rain on that parade .
Yet there is a difference between knowledge as providing answers as against wisdom .
Current debates over anonymity and identifiability in electronic communications would greatly benefit if better data were available , but the issue would not disappear because the value conflicts and varied social and psychological pressures remain .
A wonderful cartoon shows a tanker truck with a sign on the back which says " the scientific community is divided about this stuff .
Some think it is hazardous .
Some do n't . "
So it is with this issue .
The divisions do not reflect ignorance , stupidity , ill - will and evil on one side and empirical truth , wisdom , benevolence and righteousness on the other .
Rather they reflect empirical truths on both sides and differing value priorities .
Being able to disentangle these is vital for our understanding and for developing policy .
One Size Does Not Fit All : Some Questions to Inform Policy Formation
I cast a broad net above in order to help locate networked communication within a wider social context .
Apart from the value conflicts , one can hardly move directly to clarion guidelines from this for a number of reasons involving the great variety with respect to :
types and degrees of identity knowledge types of communicator / recipient ( children and other dependents , responsible and irresponsible adults , law enforcers , persons vulnerable to retribution for reporting wrong - doing , those seeking information vs. those from whom information is sought , sending information / communication vs. receiving it ) the structure of communication ( one - on - one , one - to - many , many - to - one and reciprocal or non-reciprocal , real or stale time , moderated and unmoderated groups ) types of activity ( browsing , requesting information , posting on bulletin boards , E- mail , discussion groups ) content / goals ( games , self - help groups , hot lines , commerce , politics , science , protecting the sender of a communication or the recipient ) the national and cultural borders that communication invisibly crosses andtypes of response ( prohibit , require , optional but favor or disfavor , laws , policies , manners ) .
Policies will vary and may change as conditions change .
Even if one could agree on a computer policy regarding anonymity there is no central net authority to implement it and technically doing this would be difficult .
Laws to set outer limits with sanctions to aid compliance , policy criteria for more focused direction , technologies to protect and authenticate identification and markets to enhance choice all have a role to play , as do manners and custom .
While I do n't want to suggest content for a prohibiting or unleashing policy ( with one exception ) , I will remain true to the generalizing impulse by focusing on procedures and criteria for policy development .
In that regard , the more one can answer " yes " to the following questions the better a policy regarding identity knowledge is likely to be :
These questions embody a variety of ethical rules .
Questions 1 - 6 call for truth in the form of good science and logic .
Questions 7 - 9 draw on utilitarianism in minimizing harm and maximizing benefits .
The remaining questions ( 10 - 13 ) put forth ethical principles such as those involving the dignity and rights of the individual .
goals --- have the goals sought been clearly stated and weighted ?
can science save us ?
--- can a strong empirical and logical case be made that a given policy regarding identifiability will in fact have the broad consequences its ' advocates claim ?
reversibility - if subsequent evidence suggests that undesirable consequences outweigh the desirable can the policy be easily reversed ?
technical system strength -- can the system , whether hardware , software or humanware , in fact deliver on the policy ( that is , guarantee anonymity or the authenticity of a communicator 's identity ) ?
sanctioning and revelation -- If anonymous or pseudo - anonymous users violate the rules are there clear standards and procedures for when they will be cut off and for when ( and to whom ) pseudo - anonymous identities will be revealed ?
system tests -- are there periodic efforts to test the system 's vulnerability and effectiveness and to review the policy ?
alternatives -- if alternative solutions are available that would meet the same ends is this the least costly ?
unintended consequences -- has adequate consideration been given to likely / possible undesirable consequences ?
third parties --- will innocent third parties not be hurt by the policy and if they will are there ways to mitigate the harm ?
democratic policy development -- have participants played some role in the development of the policy ?
informed consent -- are participants fully appraised of the rules regarding identity knowledge under which the system operates ?
If they do n't like the rules can they find other equivalent places to communicate ?
golden rule -- would the sender of the message be comfortable receiving a message in the same form if the context was reversed ?
equality -- is use of the form of identification equally available to all parties to the communication ?
Can the recipient respond in kind to the message sender ?
Honesty in Cyberspace
The complexities and varied situations should make us suspicious of sweeping imperatives .
Policies must be crafted to specific contexts .
In the context of one - to - one personal communications in cyberspace , I think a strong case can be made that there should be a truth in the nature of naming policy .
Certainly as the above rationales suggest there are many contexts in which persons ought to be free to call themselves whomever they want ( assuming they do n't steal someone else 's identity or use a fictitious identity for the purpose of harming or violating the rights of others ) .
Legal name is not always the preferred form of identity .
But if there is not to be honesty in identification , then there should at least be honesty in indicating that a pseudonym is used .
If one is anonymous or uses a name that is obviously not one 's legal name ( " Minnie Mouse " " the Red Baron " , " Ernest Hemingway " ) or in which there is no pretense to genuine identity ( e.g. , initials or first names or 007 ) or is in a setting where all participants know the use of pseudonyms is accepted or even expected , this is not an issue .
However in most other contexts of personal relations where regular sounding first and last names are used as pseudonyms , our culture has embedded " identity norms " about authenticity in personal interaction .
( Goffman 1961 )
Absent special conditions , people are expected to be who they claim to be .
When a false name is used and discovered , as in the extreme case with con artists , the problem is not only material loss , but the sense of being duped and even betrayed .
To pretend to be another is to deceive the actor and audience .
It is unfair in introducing inequality into what should be an equal , reciprocal relationship ( the deceiver knows your name and that he or she is deceiving you , but you do n't know that , nor do you know the real name of the deceiver ) .
I think respect for the person being communicated with and their expectation that they will not be deceived should outweigh any freedom and liberty claims of the secret user of a pseudonym .
The fact that cyberspace makes it so relatively easy to secretly use pseudonyms in personal communications is hardly a justification , even if it is a temptation .
I do not argue against the use of pseudonyms or means of identification other than legal name in personal communication , but recipients of the communication should be informed when such is the case .
Certainly in many contexts what matters is continuity of personhood and the validity of the claims the individual makes ( whether of the ability to pay for something or their access to relevant resources or of their expertise and experience ) and their legitimacy to perform a particular role .
Legal name may be irrelevant but verification is not .
The crucial issue then becomes authentication of the pseudonmity .
Smart cards and new crypto protocols may make this easier .
Modern technology offers a variety of ways of uncoupling verification from unique identity .
Validity , authenticity , and eligibility can be determined without having to know a person 's name or location .
Public policy debates will increasingly focus on when verification with anonymity is or is not appropriate and on various intermediary mechanisms that offer pseudonymous buffers but not full severance .
Since the cognitive appetite is difficult to sate , organizations will push for more rather than less information on individuals although they will not necessarily want to share their information with each other .
But the availability of new technologies does not negate my argument against deception in those contexts where a realistic sounding name is offered in personal communication ( of course one can also make problematic just when a communication is personal ) .
Knowing that a pseudonym is in use permits speculation as to whether or not this is appropriate and if it is n't , why the veil might be in place and discounting , or qualifying , the message .
Such forewarning will often suggest the need for greater caution than when a person 's actual name is used .
In face - to - face interaction we have visual and auditory cues to assess strangers , even then common - sense advises caution .
How much truer that is when we lack these in cyberspace and have even less grounds for knowing the identity of strangers and if they are who they claim to be .
Good manners ( and in some contexts the law ) requires not deceiving those we interact with about our identity .
If this holds for conventional interactions it should also hold for those mediated by technology .
We are entitled to know when we are dealing with a pseudonymous identity in personal communications .
In presenting this paper the truth in the nature of naming argument has often been misunderstood .
I am not saying that anonymous or pseudonymous communication on the net should be banned .
I am saying that if the latter is present in personal communications , then the recipient has a right to be informed of it .
This does not go as far as some computer networks such as the WELL which have a policy against any anonymous or pseudonymous communication .
Certainly the latter can be a means of protecting one 's privacy in interactions with organizations , or when one is seeking information from a web cite .
Those contexts however are different from personal communications .
As the competing rationales discussed above suggest , there are value conflicts ( and conflicting needs and consequences ) here which make it difficult to take a broad and consistent position in favor of or against anonymity .
To list only some of these :
liberty and order accountability and privacy , community and individualism , freedom of expression and the right not to be defamed or harassed , honesty in communications and civility / diplomacy , creativity and experimentation vs. exploitation and irresponsible behavior , encouragement of whistle - blowing and due process , the right to know and the right to control personal information the universalistic treatment due citizens and the efficiency of fine - honed personal differentiations , the desire to be noticed and the need to be left alone .
Whatever action is taken there are likely costs and gains .
At best we can hope to find a compass rather than a map and a moving equilibrium rather than a fixed point .
Continued empirical research and policy and ethical analysis are central to this .
The process of continual intellectual engagement with the issues is as important as the content of the solutions .
Notes
1. Jeff Ferrell , Crimes of Style : Urban Graffiti and the Politics of Criminality ( Boston : Northeastern University Press , 1996 ) .
2 . I make these observations as a social observer and not as a moralist or empiricist ( in the sense of subjecting claims to some kind of empirical standard ) .
I argue neither that these justifications are necessarily good , nor that the claimed empirical consequences ( and no unintended or other consequences ) necessarily follow .
To have a pony in those races requires analysis beyond the scope of this paper .
Here I simply take claimed justifications at face value and report them .
This is a first step to empirically testing such claims .
Three additional tasks involve a ) trying to find a pattern in the attachment of moral evaluations to the various forms of behavior b ) systematically relating the types of identity knowledge to the rationales c ) as a citizen taking a moral position on what it is that the society has normatively offered up regarding identity knowledge .
3 . See for example the discussion in Mary Virnoche " When A Stranger Calls : Strange Making Technologies and the Transformation of the Stranger " ; paper delivered at the Pacific Sociological Association Meetings , 1997 .
4 . See for example Gary T. Marx , “ Fraudulent Identification and Biography ” in D. Altheide , et al , editor .
New Directions in the Study of Law , Social Control ( New York : Plenum , 1990 ) and Ann Cavoukian , The Theft of Identity ( Ontario , Canada : Office of the Privacy Commissioner , Ontario , Canada , 1996 ) .
5. Gary T. Marx , “ New Telecommunication Technologies Require New Manners , ” Telecommunications Policy 18 ( 1994 ) : 538-552 .
6. Robert Lindsey , Falcon and Snowman ( New York : Simon and Schuster , 1985 ) .
Top |
Home page | Tables
Bibliography
Bennett , C.J. , 1997 " Pick A Card : Surveillance , Smart Identification and the Structure of Advanced Industrial States " paper presented at the 1997 Canadian Political Science Association Annual Meetings , St. John 's , Newfoundland .
Bok , S. 1978 .
Lying : Moral Choice in Public and Private Life .
New York : Pantheon .
Bowles , P. 1978 .
The Sheltering Sky. New York : Ecco Press .
Cavoukian , A. 1996 .
The Theft of Identity .
Office of Privacy Commissioner , Ontario , Canada .
Clarke , R. 1988 .
Information Technology and Dataveillance .
Communications of the ACM 31 : 29 - 45 .
Davies , S. 1995 .
A Case of Mistaken Identity : An International Study of Identity Cards .
Toronto : Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario .
Ferrell , J. 1996 .
Crimes of Style : Urban Graffiti and the Politics of Criminality .
Crimes of Style : Boston : Northeastern Univ. Press .
Foucault , M. 1977 .
Discipline and Punish : The Birth of the Prison .
New York : Vintage .
Gandy , O. 1993 .
The Panoptic Sort. Colorado : Westview Press .
Goffman , E. 1961 .
-- Asylums : Essays on the Social Situation of the Mental Patient .
New York : Anchor . -- 1963 Stigma : Notes on the Management of Spoiled Identity .
Englewood Cliffs , N.J. : Prentice Hall .
Karp , D. 1973 .
Hiding in Pornographic Bookstores , Urban Life and Culture Jan. Latane , B. And Darley , J. 1970 .
The Unresponsive Bystander : Why Does n't He Help ?
New York : Appleton - Century - Crofts .
Laudon , K. 1986 .
The Dossier Society : Value Choices in the Design of National Information Systems .
New York : Columbia University Press . Lindsey , R. 1985 .
The Falcon and the Snowman Lyon , D. 1994 .
-- The Electronic Eye The Rise of Surveillance Society .
Cambridge , England : Polity Press . -- and E. Zureik , ( eds. ) 1996 .
Computers , Surveillance and Privacy .
Minneapolis : Univ. of Minn. Press .
Marx , G. 1988 .
-- Undercover : Police Surveillance in America .
Berkeley , Ca. : Univ. of California Press . -- 1990 .
Fraudulent Identification and Biography in D. Altheide , et al editor .
New Directions in the Study of Law and Social Control .
New York : Plenum .
-- 1994 New Telecommunication Technologies Require New Manners , Telecommunications Policy Vol. 18 . -- 1998 .
An Ethics for the New Surveillance .
The Information Society vol. 14 , no .
3 National Academy of Sciences .
1995 .
Private Lifes and Public Policies Confidentiality and Access to Information in a Free Society .
Washington D.C. National Academy of Sciences Report .
Nissenbaum , H. 1997 .
Toward An Approach to Privacy in Public : Challenges of Information Technology .
Ethics and Behavior vol. 7 , no .
3 . Rule , J. 1973 .
Private Lives , Public Surveillance .
London : Allen - Lane .
Simmel , G. 1964 .
The Sociology of Georg Simmel .
Ed. K. Wolff , New York : Free Press .
Smith , R.E. 1996 John Marshall , Definer of a Nation .
New York : H. Holt .
Virnoche , M. 1997
" When a Stranger Calls : Strange Making Technologies and the Transformation of the Stranger , " paper delivered at Pacific Sociological Association Meetings .
TABLE I Types of Identity Knowledge 1. legal name 2 . locatability 3 . pseudonyms linked to name or location 4 . pseudonyms that are not linked to name or location a. for policy reasons b. audience does not realize it's a pseudonym 5 . pattern knowledge 6 . social categorization 7 . symbols of eligibility / non-eligibility
TABLE II Rationales for Anonymity 1 . to facilitate the flow of information 2 . to obtain personal information for research 3 . to encourage attention to the content of the message 4 . to encourage reporting , information seeking and self - help 5 . to obtain a resource or encourage action involving illegality 6 . to protect donors or those taking controversial but socially useful action 7 . to protect strategic economic interests 8 . to protect one 's time , space and person 9 . to aid judgements based on specified criteria 10 . to protect reputation and assets 11 . to avoid persecution 12 . to enhance rituals , games , play and celebrations 13 . to encourage experimentation and risk - taking 14 . to protect personhood 15 . traditional expectations
TABLE III Rationales for Identifiability 1 . accountability 2 . reputation 3 . dues paying and just deserts 4 . organizational appetites 5 . bureaucratic eligibility 6 . interaction mediated by space and time 7 . longitudinal research 8 . health and consumer protection 9 . currency of friendship and intimacy 10.social orientation to strangers
TABLE IV Questions to Aid Policy Development Regarding Identity Knowledge and Networked Communications 1 . goals --- have the goals sought been clearly stated and weighed ?
2 . can science save us ?
--- can a strong empirical and logical case be made that a given policy regarding identifiability will in fact have the broad consequences its ' advocates claim ?
3 . reversibility -- if subsequent evidence suggests that undesirable consequences outweigh the desirable can the policy be easily reversed ?
4 . technical system strength -- can the system ( whether hardware , software or humanware ) in fact deliver on the policy ( that is guarantee anonymity or the authenticity of a communicator 's identity ) ?
5 . sanctioning and revelation -- If anonymous or pseudo - anonymous users violate the rules are there clear standards and procedures for when they will be cut off and for when ( and to whom ) pseudo - anonymous identities will be revealed ?
6 . system tests -- are there periodic efforts to test the system 's vulnerability and effectiveness and to review the policy ?
7 . alternatives -- if alternative solutions are available that would meet the same ends is this the least costly ?
8 . unintended consequences -- has adequate consideration been given to likely / possible undesirable consequences ?
9 . third parties --- will innocent third parties not be hurt by the policy and if they will are there ways to mitigate the harm ?
10 . democratic party development -- have participants played some role in the development of the policy ?
11 . informed consent -- are participants fully appraised of the rules regarding identity knowledge under which the system operates ?
If they do n't like the rules can they find other equivalent places to communicate ?
12 . golden rule -- would the sender of the message be comfortable receiving a message in the same form if the context was reversed ?
13 . equality -- is use of the form of identification equally available to all parties to the communication ?
Can the recipient respond in kind to the message sender ?
【最長5年間走行無制限保証】
コンピューター診断機 検査済み良 好
走行管理システムにて走行確認済み
★クラウ ンHV2.5アスリートS 後期型のご紹介です★
■稀少装備サンルーフ搭載!!全国的にも数が少なく希少性の高い装備の一つです。フルオープンやチルトアップも可能!!ドライブをさらに快適にしてくれる装備の一つです!!
■大画面メーカ ーSDナビを装備!高精細ワイドタッチディスプレイ!ナビ!地デジTV!DVD再生!Bluetoothオーディオ!録音可能なサウンドライブラリーなど充実の機能です!!
Blu-rayの再生が出来ます!!お好きなBlu-rayを再生しながら、同乗者様と楽しい時間をお過ごし下さい!!画質も良くご満足頂けると思います!!
★マルチ画面下にはマルチオペレーションタッチを装備!使いやすさを追求し、散在しがちなスイッチ類を集約!大きく見やすい画面!操作もしやすいタッチパネルです!!
■純正マルチ連動型のカラーバックモニター搭載。ギアをバックに入れると自動的に切り替わる優れものです。鮮明なカメラ画像にて車庫入れをサポートしてくれます。女性の方でも安心の車庫入れが可能となります!
■ビルトインETC装備!見た目の部分も良いですが、ETCカードの盗難防止になる設置箇所です!料金所の渋滞回避!時間帯・日によって料金の軽減を受けられます!ストレス知らずのドライブ!
■高級車の代名詞【クルーズコントロール】搭載。アクセル踏まずのドライブが可能です。
■排気量も2,500ccでレギュラーガソリン対応!!非常に経済的です。
■夜間走行も明るいHIDヘッドライトにLEDフォグ!
★来場が難しいお客様へ ⇒ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxN5-jVvPRE
☆お振込での支払いが不安な方へ ⇒ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEZeMUtEmWs
★最長5年間の安心整備保証とは ⇒ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUmI6h2dPT0
◆アクセスも簡単!常磐自動車道の柏インターから約5分!!常磐自動車道、外環自動車道、首都高速道路と高速道路でのアクセスが非常に便利です!国道16号線沿い!是非ご来店下さい!!
*******
ハイブリッド / フル装備 / 保証書 / SDナビ / サンルーフ / バックモニタ / 地デジ / DVDプレーヤー / スマートキー / クリアランスソナー / Fプリクラッシュ / レーダーC / ETC / LEDヘッドライト / LEDフォグ / CD / アルミ / 電動シート / 横滑防止装置 / イモビ / ☆サンルーフ☆ / ☆シートヒーター☆ / ☆LEDライト☆ / ☆プリクラッシュ☆ / ☆レーダークルーズ☆ / ☆ SDナビ☆ / ☆後期型☆ / ☆オゾン除菌・消臭済☆
*******
キャンペーン8
Building a company ?
You ’ve got one very important decision to make , because it affects everything else you do .
No matter what else you do , you absolutely must figure out which camp you ’re in , and gear everything you do accordingly , or you ’re going to have a disaster on your hands .
The decision ?
Whether to grow slowly , organically , and profitably , or whether to have a big bang with very fast growth and lots of capital .
The organic model is to start small , with limited goals , and slowly build a business over a long period of time .
I ’m going to call this the Ben and Jerry ’s model , because Ben and Jerry ’s fits this model pretty well .
The other model , popularly called “ Get Big Fast ” ( a.k.a. “ Land Grab ” ) , requires you to raise a lot of capital , and work as quickly as possible to get big fast without concern for profitability .
I ’m going to call this the Amazon model , because Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon , has practically become the celebrity spokesmodel for Get Big Fast .
Let ’s look at some of the differences between these models .
The first thing to ask is : are you going into a business that has competition , or not ?
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon Lots of established competitors New technology , no competition at first
If you do n’t have any real competition , like Amazon , there is a chance that you can succeed at a “ land grab ” , that is , get as many customers as quickly as possible , so that later competitors will have a serious barrier to entry .
But if you ’re going into an industry where there is already a well - established set of competitors , the land - grab idea does n’t make sense .
You need to create your customer base by getting customers to switch over from competitors .
In general , venture capitalists are n’t too enthusiastic about the idea of going into a market with pesky competitors .
Personally , I ’m not so scared of established competition ; perhaps because I worked on Microsoft Excel during a period when it almost completely took over Lotus 123 , which virtually had the market to themselves .
The number one word processor , Word , displaced WordPerfect , which displaced WordStar , all of which had been near monopolies at one time or another .
And Ben and Jerry ’s grew to be a fabulous business , even though it ’s not like you could n’t get ice cream before they came along .
It ’s not impossible to displace a competitor , if that ’s what you want to do .
( I ’ll talk about how to do that in a future Strategy Letter ) .
Another question about displacing competitors has to do with network effects and lock - in :
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon
No network effect ; weak customer lock - in Strong network effect , strong customer lock - in
A “ network effect ” is a situation where the more customers you have , the more customers you will get .
It ’s based on Metcalfe ’s Law : the value of a network is equal to the number of users squared .
A good example is eBay .
If you want to sell your old Patek Philippe watch , you ’re going to get a better price on eBay , because there are more buyers there .
If you want to buy a Patek Philippe watch , you ’re going to look on eBay , because there are more sellers there .
Another extremely strong network effect is proprietary chat systems like ICQ or AOL Instant Messenger .
If you want to chat with people , you have to go where they are , and ICQ and AOL have the most people by far .
Chances are , your friends are using one of those services , not one of the smaller ones like MSN Instant Messenger .
With all of Microsoft ’s muscle , money , and marketing skill , they are just not going to be able to break into auctions or instant messaging , because the network effects there are so strong .
“ Lock - in ” is where there is something about the business that makes people not want to switch .
Nobody wants to switch their Internet provider , even if the service is n’t very good , because of the hassle of changing your email address and notifying everyone of the new email address .
People do n’t want to switch word processors if their old files ca n’t be read by the new word processor .
Even better than lock - in is the sneaky version I call stealth lock - in : services which lock you in without your even realizing it .
For example , all those new services like PayMyBills.com which receive your bills for you , scan them in , and show them to you on the Internet .
They usually come with three months free service .
But when the three months are up , if you do n’t want to continue with the service , you have no choice but to contact every single bill provider and ask them to change the billing address back to your house .
The sheer chore of doing this is likely to prevent you from switching away from PayMyBills.com — better just to let them keep sucking $ 8.95 out of your bank account every month .
Gotcha !
If you are going into a business that has natural network effects and lock - in , and there are no established competitors , then you better use the Amazon model , or somebody else will , and you simply wo n’t be able to get a toehold .
Quick case study .
In 1998 , AOL was spending massively to grow at a rate of a million customers every five weeks .
AOL has nice features like chat rooms and instant messaging that provide stealth lock - in .
Once you ’ve found a group of friends you like to chat with , you are simply not going to switch Internet providers .
That ’s like trying to get all new friends .
In my mind that ’s the key reason that AOL can charge around $ 22 a month when there are plenty of $ 10 a month Internet providers .
While I was working at Juno , management just failed to understand this point , and they missed their best opportunity to overtake AOL during a land rush when everyone was coming online : they did n’t spend strongly enough on customer acquisition because they did n’t want to dilute existing shareholders by raising more capital , and they did n’t think strategically about chat and IM , so they never developed any software features to provide the kind of stealth lock - in that AOL has .
Now Juno has around 3 million people paying them an average of $ 5.50 a month , while AOL has around 21 million people paying them an average of $ 17 a month .
“ Oops . ”
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon Little capital required ; break even fast Outrageous amounts of capital required ; profitability can take years
Ben and Jerry ’s companies start on somebody ’s credit card .
In their early months and years , they have to use a business model that becomes profitable extremely quickly , which may not be the ultimate business model that they want to achieve .
For example , you may want to become a giant ice cream company with $ 200,000,000 in annual sales , but for now , you ’re going to have to settle for opening a little ice cream shop in Vermont , hope that it ’s profitable , and , if it is , reinvest the profits to expand business steadily .
The Ben and Jerry ’s corporate history says they started with a $ 12,000 investment .
ArsDigita says that they started with an $ 11,000 investment .
These numbers sound like a typical MasterCard credit limit .
Hmmm .
Amazon companies raise money practically as fast as anyone can spend it .
There ’s a reason for this .
They are in a terrible rush .
If they are in a business with no competitors and network effects , they better get big super - fast .
Every day matters .
And there are lots of ways to substitute money for time ( see sidebar ) .
Nearly all of them are fun .
Ways to substitute money for time :
Use prebuilt , furnished executive offices instead of traditional office space .
Cost : about 3 times as much .
Time saved : several months to a year , depending on market .
Pay outrageous salaries or offer programmers BMWs as starting bonuses .
Cost : about 25 % extra for technical staff .
Time saved : you can fill openings in 3 weeks instead of the more typical 6 months .
Hire consultants instead of employees .
Cost : about 3 times as much .
Time saved : you can get consultants up and running right away .
Having trouble getting your consultants to give you the time and attention you need ?
Bribe them with cash until they only want to work for you .
Spend cash freely to spot - solve problems .
If your new star programmer is n’t getting a lot of work done because they are busy setting up their new house and relocating , hire a high class relocation service to do it for them .
If it ’s taking forever to get phones installed in your new offices , buy a couple of dozen cellular phones .
Internet access problems slowing people down ?
Just get two redundant providers .
Provide a concierge available to all employees for picking up dry cleaning , getting reservations , arranging for limos to the airport , etc .
Ben and Jerry ’s companies just ca n’t afford to do this , so they have to settle for growing slowly .
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon Corporate culture is important Corporate culture is impossible
When you are growing faster than about 100 % per year , it is simply impossible for mentors to transmit corporate values to new hires .
If a programmer is promoted to manager and suddenly has 5 new reports , hired just yesterday , it is simply impossible for there to be very much mentoring .
Netscape is the most egregious example of this , growing from 5 to about 2000 programmers in one year .
As a result , their culture was a mishmash of different people with different values about the company , all tugging in different directions .
For some companies , this might be OK .
For other companies , the corporate culture is an important part of the raison - d’être of the company .
Ben and Jerry ’s exists because of the values of the founders , who would not accept growing faster than the rate at which that culture can be promulgated .
Let ’s take a hypothetical software example .
Suppose you want to break into the market for word processors .
Now , this market seems to be pretty sewn up by Microsoft , but you see a niche for people who , for whatever reason , absolutely cannot have their word processors crashing on them .
You are going to make a super - robust , industrial strength word processor that just wo n’t go down and sell it at a premium to people who simply depend on word processors for their lives .
( OK , it ’s a stretch .
I said this was a hypothetical example ) .
Now , your corporate culture probably includes all kinds of techniques for writing highly - robust code : unit testing , formal code reviews , coding conventions , large QA departments , and so on .
These techniques are not trivial ; they must be learned over a period of time .
While a new programmer is learning how to write robust code , they need to be mentored and coached by someone more experienced .
As soon as you try to grow so fast that mentoring and coaching is impossible , you are simply going to stop transmitting those values .
New hires wo n’t know better and will write unreliable code .
They wo n’t check the return value from malloc ( ) , and their code will fail in some bizarre case that they never thought about , and nobody will have time to review their code and teach them the right way to do it , and your entire competitive advantage over Microsoft Word has been squandered .
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon Mistakes become valuable lessons Mistakes are not really noticed
A company that is growing too fast will simply not notice when it makes a big mistake , especially of the spend - too - much - money kind .
Amazon buys Junglee , a comparison shopping service , for around $ 180,000,000 in stock , and then suddenly realizes that comparison shopping services are not very good for their business , so they just shut it down .
Having piles and piles of cash makes stupid mistakes easy to cover up .
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon
It takes a long time to get big
You get big very fast
Getting big fast gives the impression ( if not the reality ) of being successful .
When prospective employees see that you ’re hiring 30 new people a week , they will feel like they are part of something big and exciting and successful which will IPO .
They may not be as impressed by a “ sleepy little company ” with 12 employees and a dog , even if the sleepy company is profitable and is building a better long - term company .
A sleepy little company in Albuquerque
As a rule of thumb , you can make a nice place to work , or you can promise people they ’ll get rich quick .
But you have to do one of those , or you wo n’t be able to hire .
Some of your employees will be impressed by a company with a high chance of an IPO that gives out lots of stock options .
Such people will be willing to put in three or four years at a company like this , even if they hate every minute of their working days , because they see the pot at the end of the rainbow .
If you ’re growing slowly and organically , the pot may be farther off .
In that case , you have no choice but to make a work environment where the journey is the reward .
It ca n’t be hectic 80 hour workweeks .
The office ca n’t be a big noisy loft jammed full of folding tables and hard wooden chairs .
You have to give people decent vacations .
People have to be friends with their co-workers , not just co-workers .
Sociology and community at work matter .
Managers have to be enlightened and get off people ’s backs , they ca n’t be Dilbertesque micromanagers .
If you do all this , you ’ll attract plenty of people who have been fooled too many times by dreams of becoming a millionaire in the next IPO ; now they are just looking for something sustainable .
Ben and Jerry ’s Amazon
You ’ll probably succeed .
You certainly wo n’t lose too much money .
You have a tiny chance of becoming a billionaire , and a high chance of just failing .
With the Ben and Jerry ’s model , if you ’re even reasonably smart , you ’re going to succeed .
It may be a bit of a struggle , there may be good years and bad years , but unless we have another depression , you ’re certainly not going to lose too much money , because you did n’t put in too much to begin with .
The trouble with the Amazon model is that all anybody thinks about is Amazon .
And there ’s only one Amazon .
You have to think of the other 95 % of companies which spend an astonishing amount of venture capital and then simply fail because nobody wants to buy their product .
At least , if you follow the Ben and Jerry ’s model , you ’ll know that nobody wants your product long before you spend more than one MasterCard ’s worth of credit limit on it .
The Worst Thing You Can Do
The worst thing you can do is fail to decide whether you ’re going to be a Ben and Jerry ’s company or an Amazon company .
If you ’re going into a market with no existing competition , lock - in , and network effects , you better use the Amazon model , or you ’re going the way of Wordsworth.com , which started two years before Amazon , and nobody ’s ever heard of them .
Or even worse , you ’re going to be a ghost site like MSN Auctions with virtually no chance of ever overcoming ebay .
( Read Wordsworth ’s reply )
If you ’re going into an established market , getting big fast is a fabulous way of wasting tons of money , as did BarnesandNoble.com .
Your best hope is to do something sustainable and profitable , so that you have years to slowly take over your competition .
Still ca n’t decide ?
There are other things to consider .
Think of your personal values .
Would you rather have a company like Amazon or a company like Ben and Jerry ’s ?
Read a couple of corporate histories – Amazon and Ben and Jerry ’s for starters , even though they are blatant hagiographies , and see which one jibes more with your set of core values .
Actually , an even better model for a Ben and Jerry ’s company is Microsoft , and there are lots of histories of Microsoft .
Microsoft was , in a sense , “ lucky ” to land the PC - DOS deal , but the company was profitable and growing all along , so they could have hung around indefinitely waiting for their big break .
Think of your risk / reward profile .
Do you want to take a shot at being a billionaire by the time you ’re 35 , even if the chances of doing that make the lottery look like a good deal ?
Ben and Jerry ’s companies are not going to do that for you .
Probably the worst thing you can do is to decide that you have to be an Amazon company , and then act like a Ben and Jerry ’s company ( while in denial all the time ) .
Amazon companies absolutely must substitute cash for time whenever they can .
You may think you ’re smart and frugal by insisting on finding programmers who will work at market rates .
But you ’re not so smart , because that ’s going to take you six months , not two months , and those 4 months might mean you miss the Christmas shopping season , so now it cost you a year , and probably made your whole business plan unviable .
You may think that it ’s smart to have a Mac version of your software , as well as a Windows version , but if it takes you twice as long to ship while your programmers build a compatibility layer , and you only get 15 % more customers , well , you ’re not going to look so smart , then , are you ?
Both models work , but you ’ve got to pick one and stick to it , or you ’ll find things mysteriously going wrong and you wo n’t quite know why .
Further reading : The Motley Fool review
GRADUATE STUDY IN THE COMPUTER AND MATHEMATICAL SCIENCES :
A SURVIVAL MANUAL
Computer Science Department
University of Maryland
College Park , MD 20742 U.S.A .
http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/oleary
oleary@cs.umd.edu
©1996,1999,2009,2016
Dianne Prost O'LearyComputer Science DepartmentUniversity of MarylandCollege Park , MD 20742 U.S.A.
http://www.cs.umd.edu/users/oleary©1996,1999,2009,2016
Dianne O'Leary 2016-10-12
« The long tail of software .
Millions of Markets of Dozens . | Main | Engineer Interview Triage ? »
May 09 , 2005
Keeping Innovation Alive - The Hackathon
It 's May 9th ...
Must be time for my freakin ' every - two - months blog post :-)
Startups have many disadvantages over established companies -- they have fewer people , they have fewer customers and they have a whole lot less money .
They are supposed to have two advantages -- speed and innovation .
But , do most startups really have either of those ?
I know at the startups I 've been involved with , because the company is short staffed and the company is trying to get customers in as many ways as possible that it 's very easy to squeeze innovation out of the system and instead get focused exclusively on customer - driven development .
You go from a company with a lot of great ideas and big visions , to a company with a year - long roadmap and no real sense of " I - came-up - with - this - great-idea - which - I- built-over -the - weekend-and-look -how - cool - it-is " .
My sense is that innovation can , in reality , get quickly lost in a start up -- especially once that startup is launched .
I mention all of this because at JotSpot , we 've been experimenting with ways to continue to bring in breaths of fresh air ( e.g. innovation ) into the normal process of getting a company off the ground .
After a bunch of different attempts , I think we finally found one that works and I honestly believe that every company could benefit from it ( hence this blog post ) .
We call it a " hackathon " and we got inspiration from the good folks at Atlassian .
The idea is that you make a day - long event ( at whatever frequency you want ) where everyone works on something that is :
valuable to the company
but not what they 're " supposed " to be working on and
that can be taken from idea to working prototype in one day
We started our hackathon at 9:00 am and ended at 8:00 pm .
From 8:00 - 10:00 pm we did presentations where each team member or group showed their work .
We did our first hackathon last Thursday and the results were amazing .
It 's unbelievable what you can get done in a day with a focused , motivated and creative team .
When you give people the time to do the thing that always seems " just out of reach " people 's creativity cracks wide open .
Check out the specific results here .
What was particularly cool was the energy it brought to the team .
People felt envigorated and recharged .
In fact , one of our engineers was so excited he exclaimed ( during the presentations ) " Dude , I just want to crawl into my hole [ his cube ] , grow a beard , a build shit ! " .
I could n't have put it any better myself .
Google does something like this with their " 20 % of people 's time is supposed to be on projects that are n't related to what they 're working on " but for us , in a startup , we found that allocating time is not the same as taking it .
Essentially , we would allocate time but it would get taken up by something urgent that came up at the last minute .
Making an event out of it added enthusiasm , anticipation and stupid antics that make this kind of thing fun ( air - horns , stupid hats , lots of pez , etc )
So , in short -- do a hackathon .
It will do you good .
Next time ( late may ) , we 're going to take the idea a step further and involve our community of interested JotSpot users ( consider it like the game show " home game " ) .
We 're going to see if hackathon 's are n't only a great way to stoke innovation but to also tie in customers and community .
May 9 , 2005 | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341e781c53ef00d83454442469e2
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Keeping Innovation Alive - The Hackathon :
» Startups , innovation , and hackathons from Hey Norton ! - Ken Norton 's blog
It 's week two and I 'm still adjusting to the culture of a startup .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 9 , 2005 3:43:09 PM
» Jotspot Hackathon from Ian Landsman's Weblog
Interesting article about startups keeping their innovation alive and the recent Jotspot hackathon .
" I - came-up - with - this - great-idea- which -I- built-over -the -weekend-and-look-how - cool - it-is "
On a side note , check out the Jotspot developers at the be ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 10 , 2005 6:09:44 AM
» Fun = Innovation from Tech Beat
JotSpot CEO
Joe Kraus blogs about how he 's trying to make sure expediency does n't crush innovation at his startup .
His answer :
Have fun !
They held a Hackathon last week in which programmers spent one day furiously writing code that ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 10 , 2005 12:02:38 PM
» Fun = Innovation from Tech Beat
JotSpot CEO
Joe Kraus blogs about how he 's trying to make sure expediency does n't crush innovation at his startup .
His answer :
Have fun !
They held a Hackathon last week in which programmers spent one day furiously writing code that they 're ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 10 , 2005 12:11:24 PM
» Are hackathons reproducible ?
from Notes from Classy's Kitchen
I absolutely buy the part of Joe Kraus ' Hackathon post that says that short focused bursts with a focus on ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 10 , 2005 4:04:33 PM
» The Hackathon from NQR : Quickies
The Hackathon [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 11 , 2005 1:30:52 PM
» Hackathon from Ideas
I really enjoyed this article from Joe Kraus ( now CEO of JotSpot , cofounder of Excite ) .
Its a great way to keep the creative soul alive !... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 16 , 2005 3:56:09 PM
» Joe on Rapid Innovation from Orange Hues
Joe Kraus has a new entry on his so - good - you - should - read - everything blog on what might be called ' rapid innovation ' .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on May 17 , 2005 11:11:34 PM
» Innovation in Startups from Sameer Maggon's Web Log
Pretty interesting article about how * not* to forget that innovation is the centerpoint in most of the startups .
Keeping Innovation Alive - The Hackathon ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 25 , 2005 3:33:35 PM
» A simple way to inspire creativity at work from Sumedh Mungee
Joe Kraus describes how he organized " hackathon " at his startup :
We call it a " hackathon " and we got inspiration from the good folks at Atlassian .
The idea is that you make a day - long event ( at whatever frequency you want ) where everyone w... [ Read More ]
Tracked on May 25 , 2005 11:23:13 PM
» The Friday Before A Long Weekend from Feld Thoughts
Ah – today was delightful .
I love the first day of a month , especially if it ’s the day after the end of a quarter .
Amy and I have a standing date on the first day of every month ( “ life dinner ” ) where we get together ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 1 , 2005 11:39:39 PM
» Hackathon - 有趣的快速开发方式 from Herock Post
WebLeOn今天的Blog，FeedBurner的7个新功能，不但介绍了FeedBurner最新开发的7项非常cool的功能，更主要的是，提到了一个令我非常感兴趣的开发方式：Hackathon。
我以前从来没有听过这个词，于是" google it " ，结合 JotSpot的CEO －Joe Kraus的及一些相 关Blog的描述，得出了如下的判断。 Hackathon，本身似乎是OpenBSD的一项年度盛会，来自全球的OpenBSD开发者们聚集在一起，共同度过一周，在这周内，他们对OpenB... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 3 , 2005 11:45:25 AM
» Hackathon - 有趣的快速开发方式 from Herock Post
WebLeOn今天写了FeedBurner的7个新功能，不但介绍了FeedBurner最新开发的7项非常cool的功能，更主要的是，提到了一个令我非常感兴趣的开发方式：Hackathon。
我以前从来没有听过这个词，于是" google it " ，结合 JotSpot的CEO －Joe Kraus的及一些相 关Blog的描述，得出了如下的判断。 Hackathon，本身似乎是OpenBSD的一项年度盛会，来自全球的OpenBSD开发者们聚集在一起，共同度过一周，在这周内，他们对OpenBSD从开... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 3 , 2005 11:48:24 AM
» Hackathon - 有趣的快速开发方式 from 金玉满堂__金玉满堂博 客QQ论坛( 群:11334284 )
WebLeOn今天写了FeedBurner的7个新功能，不但介绍了FeedBurner最新开发的7项非常cool的功能，更主要的是，提到了一个令我非常感兴趣的开发方式：Hackathon。
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 4 , 2005 12:58:39 AM
» Hackaton from Ovidiu Platon
În luna mai am nimerit aproape întâmplător ( ca spectator ) la sesiunea de comunicări ştiinţifice a studenţilor , ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 4 , 2005 5:45:40 AM
» Profile : Feedburner ( New Features ) from TechCrunch
Company : FeedBurner Location : Chicago Previous Profile : June 14 , 2005
What ’s New ?
Feedburner had a “ Hackathon ” ( see Joe Kraus on hackathons ) day last Thursday , where engineers dropped their projects for a day and worked on new ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 4 , 2005 4:51:39 PM
» Hackathon - 駭客松 from EVALS TEN
不必是駭客，也應該這麼來一下（via Schee）。 Startups , innovation , and hackathons ：空出一天時間，讓每個人都投入一個自己所選擇的創新專案。專案的規模是某樣你可以在一天之內發展出的產品原型。你可以組一個小團隊來一起做，而創意和創新是關鍵。
Keeping Innovation Alive - The Hackathon
：The idea is that you make a day - long event ( at whatever frequency you ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 6 , 2005 7:50:13 AM
» Not bad for a Bnoopy : Joe Kraus on re-starting up from stone
Two great posts from Joe Kraus , founder of Excite , that I 'd been meaning to blog for a while : Engineer Interview ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 8 , 2005 4:28:01 PM
» FeedBurner 的7个新功能 from lovemoonhan
Ping Back来自：blog.csdn.net [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 11 , 2005 11:08:00 PM
» FeedBurner 的7个新功能 from lovemoonhan
FeedBurner的7个新功能
-------------------------------------------------------
http://shop33110514.taobao.com/讶异!网上竞有如此低价的好书!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- FeedBurner在完成了第二轮融资后，新功能的开发接连不... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 11 , 2005 11:08:52 PM
» keeping innovation alive from silk and spinach
In which normal development stops for the day , and everyone has just that one day to produce something , anything they want to .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 14 , 2005 4:20:02 AM
» keeping innovation alive from silk and spinach
In which normal development stops for the day , and everyone has just that one day to produce something , anything they want to .
[ Read More ]
Tracked on Jul 14 , 2005 4:21:59 AM
» The 2005 Roadmap from Small Town , Big Ideas
2005 has been a great year for our business so far .
We ’ve landed thousands of customers , hired a bunch of great people , released several valuable product enhancements , rolled out the first real version of our automated billing system , taken our [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 8 , 2005 3:40:54 PM
» The 2005 Roadmap from Small Town , Big Ideas
2005 has been a great year for our business so far .
We ’ve landed thousands of customers , hired a bunch of great people , released several valuable product enhancements , rolled out the first real version of our automated billing system , taken our [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 8 , 2005 3:42:13 PM
» Hackathon 1.0 from Small Town , Big Ideas
We ’re in the midst of the Webmail Hackathon 1.0 .
So what is a Hackathon , you might ask ?
Do n’t worry , I had n’t ever heard of one either , until I read a blog post from the CEO of JotSpot and then from [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 13 , 2005 12:23:16 PM
» Keeping that innovation fire burning from CCUCEO
Startup companies are imagined as hotbeds of innovation and creativity .
That 's the allure .
That 's the fantasy it seems .
Too often members of a startup team are too involved in keeping the boat afloat , focused on customers / customers / customers , juggling ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 18 , 2005 9:27:38 AM
» The satisfaction one gets from Hacking from Jacques Marneweck 's Blog
Ben mentions on his blog and the Six Apart website abou the joy of hacking and some of the things they 've achieved for a release of Typepad by just holding a hackathon .
Joe Kraus , FeedBurner , and others have done a ... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Aug 19 , 2005 8:49:03 AM
» Hackathon - 有趣的快速开发方式 from Herock Post
WebLeOn今天写了FeedBurner的7个新功能，不但介绍了FeedBurner最新开发的7项非常cool的功能，更主要的是，提到了一个令我非常感兴趣的开发方式：Hackathon。
我以前从来没有听过这个词，于是" google it " ，结合 JotSpot的CEO －Joe Kraus的及一些相 关Blog的描述，得出了如下的判断。 Hackathon，本身似乎是OpenBSD的一项年度盛会，来自全球的OpenBSD开发者们聚集在一起，共同度过一周，在这周内，他们对OpenBSD从开... [ Read More ]
Tracked on Nov 13 , 2005 10:03:46 PM
Comments
That 's a great idea !
It 's so true that startups are ideally nimble and maneuverable , but that really only seems to happen in two stages , the very beginning and times of dire straits .
I definitely like the idea of putting aside a day and just hash out ideas .
I beleive Jeff Bezos of Amazon.com does this , except at retreats .
He calls it the pizza method , where people can get into groups where 1 large pizza will feed them .
This keeps the groups small and able to go through more ideas quickly to get to the best one .
We 're trying to do the same thing , but right now we are definitely in the " lull " period where we are trying to get as many customers as possible so we can keep stay in business and grow .
Keep up the posts and I can't wait for the hackathon to us jotspotters .
Are we going to be notified by email ?
Posted by : adam | May 10 , 2005 12:13:56 AM
That is EXCELLENT Joe !
I have also heard of some other companies do it as well .
The other BIG advantage apart from the ones you stated are that it makes the employees think of the company as a whole and not just their ' job description ' .
I see ownership and excitement for the whole company - which leads to an excellent ' sensation transfer ' !
You not only make them think ' outside the box ' but you also moved the box for them with the hackathon ! :)
Posted by : Mrinal | May 10 , 2005 8:39:03 PM
Hello Bnoopy .
Who ever comes with this method is really great .
I mean i see a stanford barin nehind this thing .
Its really economical to the company at the same time stimulating to the Employee .
There cant be a much more fun method of gettingteh work done .
i am sure that teh same work wouldhave been took a months time in any other circumstances ..
You people are really great ... I am looking forwards to more of this ... vijayvijay@gmail.com
Posted by : vijaychandran | May 11 , 2005 10:58:14 AM
Yeah this hackathon is a really cool concept .
We did this at LEGO long back when I was there , tho we didnt call it this .
Basically all of us from different teams , designers , engineers would gather in a room and think of some toys we would like to have and then go about building a prototype ..
Was amazing fun :D
Posted by : Vibhanshu Abhishek | May 12 , 2005 7:08:38 AM
In game development , there are things like Game in a Day ( http://www.gameinaday.com) or 42 hour competitions .
It 's amazing what can be done within a short period of time .
Posted by : GBGames | May 12 , 2005 8:41:18 AM
Great site .. thanks !
Posted by : Dave | May 23 , 2005 10:05:26 PM
What a great idea ! ,
Thanks , that will really jumpstart what I 'm doing .
Posted by : hoop | Jun 5 , 2005 11:01:04 AM
This " hackathon " idea should really be attributed to Apple Computer .
What Joe is talking about is rehash of the old school " Mac Hack " series of events that cut loosee the innovative developers to trick out their own systems and play pranks on each other , then with a little tweaking and refinement that were responsible for a good many of the innovations you eventually saw become a regular part of the Mac OS .
Posted by : zac | Jun 10 , 2005 12:00:17 PM
Cool idea , thanks .
I 'm fully charged to start once in a month / week .
Posted by : Venugopala Rao Moram | Sep 8 , 2005 9:25:33 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
New photos of Saddam Hussein have been released
Enlarge Image
The three photos show him being questioned by Chief Investigative Judge Raid Juhi at an unknown location .
They are the first pictures of him to appear since May , when the Sun newspaper published leaked photos showing him doing his laundry in jail .
The US pledged it would investigate the leak of those photos , some of which showed Saddam Hussein half - naked .
Saddam Hussein is being held by US troops at an undisclosed location in Iraq as he awaits trial on numerous charges , including murdering rivals , gassing Iraqi Kurds and using violence to suppress uprisings .
The latest pictures , which show Saddam Hussein with a full beard , were taken on Tuesday , the tribunal said .
It is not clear when the Sun 's photos were taken .
There was speculation in May that they could be more than a year old , as they show Saddam Hussein with his former trademark moustache .
Defence sacked
As the new photos were released , it was confirmed that Saddam Hussein has sacked his entire international legal team .
Saddam confirmed that he has dismissed all lawyers and cancelled their authorisations
Tribunal statement
Earlier this month Saddam Hussein 's family announced it had dismissed all foreign lawyers and chosen Iraqi lawyer Khalil Dulaimi to attend court hearings .
" Saddam confirmed that he has dismissed all lawyers and cancelled their authorisations ... and that the only authorised lawyer is Khalil Dulaimi , " the tribunal said on Tuesday .
Saddam Hussein 's family lawyer , Abdel Haq Alani , explained that they were upset over media reports in which several Arab and Western lawyers claimed to speak on his behalf .
He added that the family would appoint a new legal team .
Saddam Hussein 's trial is expected to take place within two months , although though no date has been set .
The only formal charge that has been filed against him is related to a mass killing of Shia Muslims in the village of Dujail north - east of Baghdad after a failed murder attempt against him 1982 .
The former dictator faces a possible death penalty if convicted .
This was also posted on my Newsvine column , but they 're still in beta so you can't see it there right now .
I 'd like to talk about how reddit behaves as an attention economy .
I was surprised to find that there is no Wikipedia article on " attention economy " , but I 'll define it as this : A system in which the service of spreading ideas , and generating interest in them , is treated as a currency .
Attention economies have existed for a long time as components of larger economic systems , but advancements in information technology have made it possible for more people than ever before to be on the supply side of the equation .
Reddit is one of a new crop of social news sites .
It was founded in the summer of 2005 by two graduates of the University of Virginia .
It received funding from Y Combinator and has been associated with programmer and author Paul Graham .
Originally it was written in a dialect of Lisp , but late in 2005 it was rewritten in Python .
The flavor of the reddit community has been influenced by these beginnings : a number of regular users are programmers and Lisp afficionados .
Reddit works as an attention economy in the following way : it allows registered users ( also called redditors ) , who pay no fee for membership in the community , to post any URL they wish with any headline they choose .
These posts first go into the newest submissions section of the site .
They are listed here by order of submission , with the 25 most recent posts listed by default .
Registered users , when logged in , can set the number of posts they see on a single page .
There are navigation links to move through the rankings in each section .
Each post is given a score .
The score is listed along with the poster - supplied headline of the post which links to the provided URL , the internet domain name associated with the URL , the login ID of the user who submitted it and the relative time of posting rounded to minutes , hours or days .
Next to each post is also an up arrow and a down arrow associated with that post .
When a registered user is logged in , and they click on one of these arrows , they give the post a vote .
Clicking the up arrow gives a positive vote , called a " like " , and clicking the down arrow gives a negative vote called a " dislike " .
The base value of each post 's score is 0 .
However , when a post is submitted , the user who submitted it automatically gives it a " like " vote .
Not all " like " and " dislike " votes have the same value .
When users give a post a positive score ( more " like " than " dislike " the post ) , it increases a value associated with the user who submitted that post .
This value is called karma , which may be in homage to Slashdot , one of the first major news discussion sites on the web .
The value of a vote is based on the karma score of the user who gives the vote - users with more karma have more influential votes .
However , the sum of the actual value of the votes given to a post is not displayed in the reddit interface .
Only the sum of the positive and negative votes is shown .
This sum is used to determine the post 's effect on the poster 's karma , but not its ranking in the most important reddit section - the " hot " section .
The " hot " section serves as the front page for reddit , and unregistered visitors to the site will first see the posts which are ranked in the top 25 of that section .
But the total value of a post 's votes is only one part of the calculation used to determine what posts will end up in this coveted position .
The other factor is the freshness value of the post , which is determined by how recently it was submitted .
There may be other factors involved , but these two are the most obvious .
So as a result of this design , a typical reddit post follows this life cycle :
Submitted
Posted in new submissions section
Given positive and / or negative votes ( " likes " and " dislikes " )
Value of the post 's votes reaches a certain threshold while it still retains its freshness - post ends up in the hot section , OR
Post 's ranking in the new submissions section falls as more posts are submitted , and its value does not reach the required threshold while it is still fresh .
Post is forgotten and neglected , though still retained in the reddit database .
Frequently visit the new submissions section
Aggressively vote for or against posts , and possibly even
Campaign for or against a post using established channels outside of the reddit system , such as :
Chat
Blogs
E-mail
Phone
Face to face
There is a third section entitled top all - time which lists posts ranked solely by their value , with no consideration for freshness .
A post might slowly but surely end up in this section even if it loses its chance at hotness .
But this is unlikely as most posts do not garner enough attention , and therefore votes , to reach this point after dropping off the top rankings in the new submissions section without making it to the hot section .
In this way , the chance of a post reaching the hot section depends on the usage patterns of reddit users .
The most influential redditors are those who :
Posts which attract the attention of these influential redditors are the most likely to reach the hot section .
Once they have made it into the upper rankings of the section , other less influential users will frequently attach themselves to the growth trend of a post and drive it higher in the rankings , so that it may approach or even reach the number one ranking , the most coveted of all prizes for the submitting redditor .
The most successful redditors are listed in the stats section , which is - perhaps intentionally -- similar to the top scores section of a video game .
In this way , reddit feeds on the same factors that motivate gamers to get a top score , which in turn are the things that drive many people to seek recognition and acclaim in various aspects of life .
One question which remains to be asked is , how does reddit plan to make money ?
Advertising is certainly the simplest and most proven way .
If sufficient value is provided by the information contained in posted links combined with the ranking of those links by the community , then another possibility is paid registrations .
However , this is not likely to work for the main reddit site since much of the value is dependent upon the openness of participation .
But the creation of a not safe for work version of reddit opens up the possibility that customized versions of reddit could provide sufficient value for a particular niche of users to justify paid registration .
At the very least this would allow for targeted advertising opportunities , or even co-branded or third - party - branded versions of reddit addressed to particular audiences .
In conclusion I would say that it seems inevitable that some version of this approach , implemented by reddit and / or others , will constitute a significant part of the future shape of news - and of online community .
Hat der brandenburgische CDU - Landesgeschäftsführer Rico Nelte systematisch den E - Mail - Verkehr an die CDU überwacht oder nicht ?
Diesen Vorwurf hatte am Donnerstag der bisherige Betreuer des Internet - Angebots der Landes - CDU , Daniel Schoenland , erhoben .
Die CDU wies die Anschuldigungen zurück und kündigte ebenfalls strafrechtliche Schritte an .
Heute forderte Landesvorstandsmitglied Sebastian Schütze sowohl Nelte als auch Generalsekretär Sven Petke auf , ihre Ämter ruhen zu lassen .
" Absurd " sei diese Forderung , sagten mehrere CDU - Politiker .
Auf der anderen Seite blieb die angekündigte Strafanzeige Schoenlands heute zunächst aus .
Dieser werde derzeit in einem Potsdamer Krankenhaus behandelt , sagte eine Mitarbeiterin der " Schoenland Agentur für Kommunikation " .
Schoenland liege auf der Intensivstation und stehe für Fragen vorerst nicht zur Verfügung .
Der Sprecher der Potsdamer Staatsanwaltschaft , Benedikt Welfens , sagte am Nachmittag , Schoenland habe seiner Behörde inzwischen erklärt , sich noch mit einem Anwalt beraten und danach Strafanzeige bei der Staatsanwaltschaft Cottbus stellen zu wollen .
Dort gibt es eine " Schwerpunktabteilung für Datennetzkriminalität " .
Am Donnerstag hatte Schoenland schwere Vorwürfe gegen Nelte und Petke erhoben , von " Stasi - Methoden " gesprochen und von einem " Abhörmechanismus , der für die Empfänger nicht erkennbar war " .
Sämtliche an die CDU - Führung adressierten Mails seien " über Monate hinweg " als so genannte Blindkopie an Nelte gegangen .
Schoenland ergänzte , Nelte habe ihm gegenüber zu verstehen gegeben , die Mails " im Auftrag von Sven Petke " zu überwachen .
Er kündigte an , der Staatsanwaltschaft als Beweis eine CD mit insgesamt 390.000 gesicherten Datensätzen übergeben zu wollen .
Zugleich räumte er ein , gegen Petke wiederum keine Beweise in der Hand zu haben .
Unterdessen äußerte der CDU - Bundestagsabgeordnete Jens Koeppen heute massive Zweifel an der Glaubwürdigkeit Schoenlands .
Dieser sei im Bundestags - Wahlkampf für seinen ( Koeppens ) Internet - Auftritt zuständig gewesen , habe später aber fingierte und überhöhte Rechnungen gestellt .
Koeppen warf Schoenland zudem vor , in Köln lediglich eine " Briefkastenfirma " zu haben .
Schoenlands Mitarbeiterin wollte am Telefon heute weder Auskunft über die Zahl der Mitarbeiter noch über die Anschrift der Firma geben .
Und auch Schoenlands Internet - Auftritt war heute nicht erreichbar .
Der CDU - Landesvorstand traf sich dem Vernehmen nach am heute Nachmittag zu einer Sondersitzung im Innenministerium .
Über Inhalt und Ergebnisse des Gesprächs wurde zunächst nichts bekannt .
( Christoph Trost , dpa ) / ( anw )
In the early fifth century , rampaging Goths swept through Italy .
Inviolate for 1,100 years , Rome was sacked by the hordes in 410 AD .
St Augustine 's apologia , the City of God , set the tone for Christians for the next 16 centuries .
But the Rome of that era came close to suffering a far worse calamity .
A small metallic asteroid descended from the sky , making a hypervelocity impact in an Apennine valley just 60 miles east of the city .
This bus -sized lump of cosmic detritus vaporised as it hit the ground .
In doing so , it released energy equivalent to around 200 kilotonnes of TNT : around 15 times the power of the atomic bomb that levelled Hiroshima in 1945 .
Pescara is on the Adriatic coast , located across the Italian peninsula from Rome .
Housed there is the International Research School of Planetary Sciences , where staff and students study topics ranging from planetary geology to astrobiology .
In 1999 , a young impact cratering specialist from Sweden , Jens Ormö , arrived to take up a three - year position funded by the European Union .
Ormö , it happens , is keen on hill walking , and just inland from Pescara are some of the most spectacular mountains in the Apennines .
He decided that some hiking in the area of the Sirente Massif was in order , and so he consulted a local guidebook .
As he thumbed its pages , Ormö came across a photograph of something that amazed him .
What he saw , labelled as a natural lake , was surely an impact crater .
An expedition to the site of the putative impact , on the Sirente plain , was hastily organised .
Colleagues confirmed Ormö 's initial suspicion .
Here was an impact crater about 140 metres wide , previously unrecognised despite lying only a short distance from a busy road , and visible from miles away .
It has appeared on maps for centuries , and in guidebooks for decades - but no one had recognised its significance .
Natural lakes are common in the area .
But this one has a raised rim , now about two metres high , but originally rather thicker .
This was produced by the asteroid throwing material out from the impact zone , as it crashed at a speed of around 20 km per second , producing a huge explosion .
Later filled with rainwater , the crater is now only a few metres deep , and occasionally dries up during hot summers .
But it was more than 30 metres to the bottom when first formed .
Centuries of weathering has eroded its bank and gradually filled it in .
Relatively modest craters like this are unusual , because small asteroids can only reach the ground intact if they are metallic , and thus strong enough to withstand the physical shock of slamming into the atmosphere at such speeds .
The best guess at present is that the asteroid was about 10 metres across , and had a composition similar to nickel - iron meteorites .
If it had been stony in composition , as most asteroids are , it would have shattered in flight and released all of its energy in a phenomenal explosion .
This is what happened when a 50 - metre rock blew up over Siberia in 1908 , leaving no crater .
The expectation of a metallic impactor is backed up by the identification of rust grains in the surrounding soil .
Confirmation of the impact origin comes from 17 smaller craters , typically 10 metres wide , scattered around the Sirente plain .
These are due to fragments of the asteroid that separated in flight through the atmosphere .
A magnetic survey shows that most are associated with anomalously high fields , indicating sub - surface metallic lumps .
Crater fields like this are not unusual .
In central Australia , 120 km south of Alice Springs , the Henbury craters were formed in a similar way .
What is peculiar about the Sirente crater is where it occurred , and its youth .
Dozens of ancient craters are known in northern Europe , geological stability allowing their long - term preservation .
Two examples are the Ries and Steinheim basins in Germany .
Many others are known in Scandinavia .
But these are all huge , and millions of years old .
There is a small , recently formed crater in Estonia , but the Sirente crater is of far greater interest : it was excavated around the time of the fall of the Roman Empire , and close to Rome itself .
The crater has been dated through radiocarbon analysis of a drill core cut down through the bank .
The uppermost material , having been thrown out of the cavity , contains organic matter older than the impact .
At the original ground level the radiocarbon ages minimise , and then deeper down the material is older again .
The data indicate that the crater was formed in about 412 AD , with an uncertainty of 40 years in either direction .
Additional sampling may allow this spread to be reduced , but it is clear that the event occurred close to the fall of Rome : some time between 370 AD and 450 AD , when the city was again under attack , this time by the Vandals .
No matter what the trajectory of the asteroid entry , it would have been a phenomenal sight from Rome , and scarier still for those closer to ground zero .
The fireball produced would have only lasted 10 seconds or so , but would have been brighter than the sun , and so visible even in daytime .
The smoke trail left in the atmosphere would have been visible for some hours .
Another remarkable aspect of the event is that the main crater sits squarely in the middle of the Sirente plain , which is only about a mile long , and half that wide , being surrounded by mountainous terrain .
It could be that this is just luck .
Alternatively , the array of craters now identified might represent only a tiny fraction of the havoc wreaked , with many other impacts on the mountainsides having long since eroded or been hidden by tree growth .
Even considering simply the energy involved in forming the known crater , it is sobering to ponder what might have happened should the impact zone have been on the flat coastal plains nearer Rome , rather than in the mountains .
Scaling from nuclear bomb tests indicates that a 200 kilotonne surface explosion would devastate an area of 100 square kilometres .
A frequently used aphorism says that Rome was not built in a day .
That 's true .
But it did come awfully close to being destroyed in seconds .
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Details Capital : Olympia Population : 7,061,531 ( as of 2014 ) Area : 13th largest state Largest City : Seattle Highest Point : Mount Rainier Lowest point : Pacific Ocean Currency : US Dollar Demonym : Washingtonian Industry : Lumber , Aircraft and Missiles Nickname : Evergreen State History : It Is the Only State Named After a President – George Washington Health : Washington Is a Great Place to Live if You Like Healthy Food Popular culture : Washington Is Home to 5 of the World ’s Greatest Bands and Musicians Science : If You Do n’t like Rain , Come to Seattle Science : Washington Has an Interesting Choice of “ State Gem ” Washington : A Pioneering State of Innovation and Big Business If You Like Beer and Wine , You ’ll Love Washington !
Why Every Father Should Love Washington
It Holds the World Record for Floating Bridges Washington State Has Strange Laws That Have Never Been Repealed Washington ’s Banana Slug Is 9 Inches Long
Table of Contents 01 It Is the Only State Named After a President – George Washington 02 Washington Is a Great Place to Live if You Like Healthy Food 03 Music Fans :
It ’s Home to 5 of the World ’s Greatest Bands and Musicians 04 If You Do n’t like Rain , Come to Seattle 05 Washington Has an Interesting Choice of “ State Gem ” 06 Washington : A Pioneering State of Innovation and Big Business 07 If You Like Beer and Wine , You ’ll Love Washington !
08 Origins of Father ’s Day – Why Every Father Should Love Washington 09 Amazing !
It Holds the World Record for Floating Bridges 10 Washington State Has Strange Laws That Have Never Been Repealed 11 The 9 - inch Long Banana Slug – Something Fishy to Finish With 12 Washington Fact – Facts about Washington Summary
It Is the Only State Named After a President – George Washington George Washington was born in 1732 and was one of the founding fathers of the USA .
He was elected unanimously in 1788 , 1789 and 1792 , and is so far the only President to have had an entire state named after him .
He was n’t actually born in the state which would later bear his name , though ; he was born and raised in Colonial Virginia and his family owned a plantation .
Of all the states , Washington was the 42nd to join the United States of America
Washington
Is a Great Place to Live if You Like Healthy Food There are 3 interesting food related Washington Facts .
Washington State holds the honor of producing the largest number of apples in the entire USA ( 10 - 12 billion each year ! ) .
It also produces the largest quantity of raspberries , with 57 million per annum .
Great for anyone who wants to get their nine portions a day !
In addition , the state produces the largest quantity of the herb mint – more than any other state in the country .
So not only will you be healthy , but you ’ll have the sweetest smelling breath too !
Music Fans :
It ’s Home to 5 of the World ’s Greatest Bands and Musicians Washington Facts relating to music tell us that if you ’re a fan of rock music , or just music in general , Washington is the place to visit to fulfil your musical dreams .
Jimi Hendrix was born there , and bands like Nirvana were formed in the state .
If grunge is n’t your thing , you ’re still in luck – Pat Boone , Bing Crosby and Quincy Jones all hail from Washington , too .
It ’s a state of immense creative and cultural talent , both past and present .
Read also : More Amazing US States Facts
If You Do n’t like Rain , Come to Seattle Washington Facts surrounding the weather tell us that Seattle experiences considerably less rainfall than many other places in the USA , despite what residents might say when there ’s a sudden downpour .
On average , per annum , it has 37 inches of rain .
That ’s much less precipitation than places such as New York , Boston and Philadelphia .
Put your umbrella away and get your sun shades out instead !
Washington Has an Interesting Choice of “ State Gem ” Many states have a gem as their emblem .
For instance , Arizona has Turquoise and Montana has Agate and Sapphire .
Washington ’s is slightly less recognizable , however , for it ’s not even something that registers on the Mohs scale ( the scale of mineral hardness ) .
The state has Petrified Wood as its gem , and also contains one of the most unusual fossil forests in the entire world .
Diamonds are n’t always a girl ’s best friend – sometimes a splinter is !
Washington : A Pioneering State of Innovation and Big Business
There are some fascinating Washington Facts that tell us about the innovators who call the state home .
The pioneering Boeing family , Bill Gates , and Starbucks founder Howard Schulz all live in Washington .
In fact , Washington has the distinction of being the state that employs the highest number of people in technology - based jobs .
Amazon , Nordstrom and Costco all have bases there , too .
Coincidentally , if you like your Starbucks , you might be pleased to know that Washington is also the coffee capital of the USA .
There are more coffee bean roasters per capita than anywhere else in the country !
If You Like Beer and Wine , You ’ll Love Washington !
If you love a nice cold glass of beer , Washington is the place to go .
It grows over 70 % of the hops used to brew the USA ’s amber nectar .
You could say it was …top of the hops !
Do n’t like beer ?
Do n’t fret .
The state has 350 wineries , making it the second largest producer of wine in the country .
It has now gained international acclaim as a major contender as producer of some of the world ’s finest wines
Origins of Father ’s Day – Why Every Father Should Love Washington
We ’re all familiar with the idea of Father ’s Day , but how many of us know how far it goes back and exactly where it started ?
Well , believe it or not , Washington State is responsible for starting this celebration of all things paternal , and it did so right at the start of the last century – in 1910 .
Fathers all over the world are thankful to the state for letting them receive the gift of socks from their offspring every year !
Amazing !
It Holds the World Record for Floating Bridges Washington Facts show us that the engineers there knows a thing or two about building floating bridges .
There are currently only five floating bridges in the world , and four of them are in Washington State .
They are the Murrow Memorial Bridge , The Homer M Hadley Bridge , the Hood Canal Bridge and finally the Evergreen Point Floating Bridge .
Read also : Arizona Facts Top 15 Facts about Arizona Factsnet
Washington State Has Strange Laws That Have Never Been Repealed
If you live in Everett , it is totally illegal for you to display a hypnotized person in a shop window !
If you live in Wilbur and you own a horse , it is illegal to ride it out in the street if it is deemed ugly .
Finally , it is also illegal to walk out on the street if you ’re suffering from a cold .
The 9 - inch Long Banana Slug – Something Fishy to Finish With … and not one for the squeamish .
Did you know that Washington has the largest variety of land living mollusk in North America ?
Coming in at a whopping 9 inches long , the Banana Slug holds this dubious honor .
They get their name because they are yellow in color and look bizarrely like curled up bananas .
These creatures like to forage on the forest floor for food to eat .
Not one for the faint hearted , they are rather curious in appearance !
The TV report showed what it said was a UK diplomatic spy
It backed claims made in a Russian TV report which showed footage of what it said was British agents retrieving data from a fake rock planted on a street .
The programme also said a UK diplomat made regular payments to Russian non-governmental organisations .
The UK Foreign Office said it was " concerned and surprised " , and denied any improper conduct .
' No comment '
Prime Minister Tony Blair has refused to comment on the Russian claims .
During his monthly news conference on Monday he appeared to try to laugh them off , saying : " Look I only saw myself on Teletext this morning , the business about Russia .
" I 'm afraid you 're going to get the old stock - in - trade , of never commenting on security matters .
Except when we want to , obviously . "
Reuters news agency quoted an unnamed FSB spokesman as saying that " everything that was shown [ in the programme ] was true and based on our information " .
We reject any allegation of improper conduct in our dealing with Russian NGOs
UK Foreign Office
How would the ' rock ' work ?
Spying finds new forms
The programme said four officials from the UK embassy and one Russian citizen , allegedly recruited by the British secret service , downloaded classified data from a transmitter in the rock onto palm - top computers .
The UK four were named in the programme as Christopher Pirt , Marc Doe , Paul Crompton and Andrew Fleming .
According to the programme , the Russian citizen was later arrested .
Hidden camera footage appears to show individuals walking up to the rock .
One man is caught on camera carrying it away .
' New technology '
The programme contained a number of interviews with people claiming to be Russian intelligence officers , who made the allegations .
An unnamed FSB spokesman told AFP news agency one of the accused diplomats was a 30 - year - old archivist .
Russian TV also showed what it said was the spy rock
A FSB officer told Rossiya television the hi-tech stone was " absolutely new spy technology " .
The UK embassy in Moscow has refused to comment , but the UK Foreign Office in London issued a statement .
" We are concerned and surprised at these allegations .
We reject any allegation of improper conduct in our dealing with Russian NGOs , " it said .
The Foreign Office said it was well known that the UK government had given financial support to projects implemented by Russian NGOs in the field of human rights and civil society .
" All our assistance is given openly and aims to support the development of a healthy civil society in Russia , " the statement said .
KEY RUSSIA-UK SPY CASES 1999 - Defector names Melita Norwood as Russia 's longest - serving spy in UK 1985 - KGB double agent Oleg Gordievsky defects to UK hidden in a car boot 1971 - UK expels 105 Russian officials suspected of spying 1951 - First two of the five ' Cambridge spies ' exposed 1940 - Defector General Walter Krivitsky gives UK first insight into Soviet intelligence system
Hidden history - key cases
Russian President Vladimir Putin drew widespread criticism earlier this month when he signed a law giving authorities increased powers to monitor the activities and finances of NGOs .
Critics said the measure was an attack on human rights and democracy .
Michael Evans , defence editor of the UK Times newspaper , told the BBC that Russia is still regarded as a centre of espionage .
" People will be a little bit surprised at the bizarre nature of this episode .
I 've no idea whether it 's true , but clearly there is a lot of intelligence gathering that goes on . "
何も改造しなくても音は出せるそうです。
リード線を1本半田付けするだけで、ちゃんと演奏できるように！(演奏の動画も)
( 追記 ) よく読んだらラジ オ
は1つ300円だそうです。1個100円 * 3なのかと思ってました。
Last October , Wal - Mart announced a startlingly ambitious conservation effort–a plan to double the fuel efficiency of its entire 7,000 - tractor trucking fleet , to an average of 13 miles per gallon , by 2015 .
That could yield annual savings of $ 310 million .
CEO H. Lee Scott Jr. went on to say that Wal - Mart would “ show preference ” to suppliers that “ aggressively ” cut back on their own emissions .
( Translation for suppliers : Do it . )
The mega - retailer sketched out the technologies it was applying in an experimental truck , but when we asked for details , we got this not - so - friendly reply : “ We have shared all the information with you that we have available at this time . ”
Well , then .
We went to Ken Howden , director of the U.S. Department of Energy ’s 21st Century Truck Partnership , a research effort with other agencies and 15 private companies .
Howden is a man who knows his trucks .
So we asked him :
How much are Wal - Mart ’s improvements really worth ?
Here ’s his take .
Aerodynamic Package “ Yeah , the rooftop spoiler is the classic example of aerodynamic packaging .
But adjusting the entire shape requires an entire design cycle , and there are regulatory questions involved .
For instance , you can close the gap between the tractor and the trailer ; that might give you a 2 % to 3 % gain , but you ’d have access and safety issues . ”
Auxiliary Power Unit “ APUs are put on as an aftermarket device [ for generating electricity in the cab ] .
They ’re not as clean , efficient , or quiet .
People have n’t adopted them because they add weight and hurt the aerodynamics .
We ’d like to come up with a market - based incentive for truckers not to idle .
If it saves them money , they ’re going to do it .
That ’s what we ’ve found with a lot of these technologies :
People will do it if the incentives are out there . ”
Trailer side skirts “ Side skirts entrain the air more efficiently under the trailer and keep crosswinds from causing turbulence under it .
They can be made out of all kinds of materials , including flexible broom bristle .
The trade - off is that if they ’re rigid , they may hit train tracks or obstacles ; if they ’re soft and flexible , they ’re not as efficient .
And maintenance issues are a concern with all of them . ”
Super Single Tires
“ One wider tire takes the place of the two tires .
The perception by the trucking industry is that two tires are safer than one , but that may not be entirely true .
Sometimes , with two tires , drivers do n’t even realize they have a flat , and the other tire is holding the load .
That can be a safety problem .
The super single tire is a little more expensive than one regular tire , though it ’s easier to remove for maintenance . ”
Tag Axles
“ This sort of simple axle would offer the advantage of low friction . ”
( A tag axle reduces weight by eliminating the internal axle drive chain . )
Howden ’s estimates add up to a truck that ’s between 11 % and 13 % more fuel - efficient .
Not bad for a start .
But , we asked , can Wal - Mart double its fleet ’s efficiency by 2015 , as planned ?
[ Long pause ] “ Uh , heh .
We do n’t want to say they ca n’t get there –we like setting aggressive goals like that , ” Howden says .
“ We ’re willing to work with them to get there .
This kind of goal setting is important . ”
Continuations and Stackless Python
Or " How to change a Paradigm of an existing Program "
Christian Tismer
Virtual Photonics GmbH
mailto:tismer@tismer.com
Abstract
In this paper , an implementation of " Stackless Python " ( a Python which does not keep state on the C stack ) is presented .
Surprisingly , the necessary changes affect just a small number of C modules , and a major rewrite of the C library can be avoided .
The key idea in this approach is a paradigm change for the Python code interpreter that is not easy to understand in the first place .
Recursive interpreter calls are turned into tail recursion , which allows deferring evaluation by pushing frames to the frame stack , without the C stack involved .
By decoupling the frame stack from the C stack , we now have the ability to keep references to frames and to do non-local jumps .
This turns the frame stack into a tree , and every leaf of the tree can now be a jump target .
While exploring this idea , we will recognize ordinary function calls and returns to be just special cases of so - called continuations , and we will learn about them as a really simple idea that covers all kinds of program flow .
Instead of an implementation of coroutines and generators as C extensions , we will see how they can be expressed in Python , using the continuation module .
Since the theory of continuations is not very broadly known , a small introduction is given .
1 Introduction
There have been a few attempts to implement generators and coroutines in Python .
These were either of low performance , since they were implemented using threads , or limited by Python 's recursive interpreter layout , which prevented switching between frames liberally .
Changing Python to become non-recursive was considered a major , difficult task .
Actually it was true , and I had to change truth before I could continue .
J
2 Continuations
2.1 What is a Continuation ?
Many attempts to explain continuations can be found in the literature [ 5 - 10 ] , more or less hard to understand .
The following is due to Jeremy Hylton , and I like it the best .
Imagine a very simple series of statements :
x = 2 ; y = x + 1 ; z = x * 2
In this case , the continuation of x=2 is y=x + 1 ; z=x * 2 .
You might think of the second and third assignments as a function ( forgetting about variable scope for the moment ) .
That function is the continuation .
In essence , every single line of code has a continuation that represents the entire future execution of the program .
Perhaps you remember the phrase " Goto is considered harmful " .
Functional programming 's answer turns bad into good and makes that goto into a key idea :
A continuation is a means of capturing the control flow of the program and manipulating it ; it is a primitive idea that can be used to synthesize any form of control flow .
Although we do not intend to re-invent the existing control structures , a simple example might help .
def looptest ( n ) : this = continuation.
current ( ) k = this .update ( n ) # continuation at " = " if k : this ( k - 1 ) # resuming at " = " else : del this .
link
Without going into details , our continuation this is prepared to jump into exactly the situation where the boxed assignment takes place .
The call this ( k - 1 ) moves us immediately back into the context of that assignment , just with a new value for k .
This results in repeated execution of this piece of code , forming a while loop .
In comparison to our first example , we did not use a continuation at the bounds of a statement , but it was located in the middle of a function call , in the situation of parameter passing .
This kind of continuation is most useful since we can provide a parameter and get a result back .
We will see more about this in the next chapter .
In fact , continuations are not limited to statements or function calls .
Every opcode of the ( virtual ) machine has a continuation .
" The current continuation at any point in the execution of a program is an abstraction of the rest of the program " [ 5 ] .
Another wording is " what to do next " [ 6 ]
But in terms of Python frames , a continuation is nothing more than a frame object , together with its linked chain of calling frames .
In order to make this callable , handy , and to protect frames from being run more than once at a time , we wrap them into continuation objects , which take care about that .
Before discussing the details in chapter 4 , let 's now build a really useful example .
3 Generators in Python
Instead of a direct implementation of coroutines and generators , I decided to use the most general approach : Implement continuations as first class callable objects , and express generators and coroutines in Python .
3.1 Generators expressed with Threads
Few people might know that there is a generator implementation using threads .
It can be found in the source distribution under demo / threads / Generator.py and has not been changed since 1994 , when there was a longer discussion of generators on C.L.P [ 2 ] .
A slightly modified version for Python 1.5.2 can be found in my distribution for comparison .
The basic idea is to prove get ( ) and put ( ) functions which communicate with a consumer and a producer thread .
3.2 Generators done with Continuations
Now we implement Generators using continuations .
Generators using Continuations import continuation Killed = ' Generator .
Killed ' get_caller = continuation .
caller class Generator : def __init__ ( self , func , * args , **kw ) : self . func = func self.args = args self.kw = kw self .
done = 0 self . killed = 0 self .
producer = self ._start def _start ( self , dummy =None ) : if not self .
killed : try : apply ( self.func , ( self , ) + self.args , self.kw ) raise EOFError , " no more values " finally : self. kill ( ) def put ( self , value ) : if self .
killed : raise TypeError , ' put ( ) called on killed generator ' self .
producer = get_caller ( ) self.consumer( value ) def get ( self ) : if self .
killed : raise TypeError , ' get ( ) called on killed generator ' self.
consumer = get_caller ( ) self.producer ( ) def kill ( self ) : if self .
killed : raise TypeError , ' kill ( ) called on killed generator ' hold = self.func , self.args self.__dict__.clear ( ) self.func , self.args = hold self .
killed = 1 def clone ( self ) : return Generator ( self.func , self.args ) def count ( g , start=1 , limit=0 ) : # just to measure switching time i = start while i != limit : g.put ( i ) i = i+1 # if i= =42 : g.kill ( ) g.done = 1
Instead of communicating with threads , get ( ) and put ( ) jump directly into the context of the consumer / producer function .
The jumps are expressed by calls of continuations , which leave the current context and jump over to the context that is stored in the continuation object .
Let us look at the put method .
The call of get_caller returns a continuation object , which is a snapshot of put 's current caller .
This is saved away in self .
producer and will be used later by the get method .
A call of this object performs by default a jump to the saved context .
It is crucial to understand how these objects exchange values : A continuation objects always accepts a value as its argument , and it returns a value as its result .
It is just the question where or when the value is returned .
When get_caller ( ) is executed in put ( ) , it catches the calling frame in a situation , where it has been supplied with a value for the call .
In our count ( ) example , this is the expression g.put ( i ) , and the continuation is saved as producer ( ) function , waiting to run the next loop cycle .
But the passed value is given to the consumer ( ) function that was captured in the context of a get ( ) call , and the value appears there as the function result .
I admit that this is a little hard to understand .
Basically , you have understood the idea of a coroutine switch , and in fact , this generator is made of two coroutines .
More important :
You have understood how continuations act as the building block for new control structures .
4 Continuation Module
The continuation module was always my real target application , and it has been rewritten the fifth time now .
This was like iteration , since I had to learn what continuations are , what they need , and how Stackless Python must be to support it , without including it .
Meanwhile it has grown quite complicated and has undergone many optimizations , and there is no chance to cover it all in this article .
4.1 The Problem
After you learned what a continuation is and how easy this all is to understand , I have to disappoint you a little .
The implementation is n't easy at all , due to the fact that Pythons frames are not safe when used as continuations .
Python frames hold besides some other things the local variables , exception state , current code location and the evaluation stack for expressions .
And that is the problem .
Whenever a frame is run , its state changes , especially the expression stack and the code location .
But we wanted to save a continuation for later re-use .
What we have so far is just enough for the little coroutine idea which I sketched in the beginning .
But what happens if we are able to return to the same frame twice , intended or not ?
( Figure 1 ) We would need a copy of a frame .
But a copy would give a problem if some other structure were pointing to the frame .
This was one of the moments where I considered giving up .
J
Figure 1 : Multiple Return
Figure 2 : Frame Mutation
4.2 How it Works
In order to solve this problem , I introduced another kind of frames , continuation frames .
The idea is simple :
While being of the same structure as an ordinary frame , it has a different execute function .
It is named throw_continuation , and that 's exactly its only purpose : Restore the state of a real frame and run it .
( Figure 2 )
The other half of the solution is not to insert a copy of the real frame in front of it into the frame chain , but to create it behind the real frame , then turn the real frame into a continuation frame , and make the pushed back version into the real one .
This was fine for the first three versions of continuation module .
But it turned quickly into a problem to keep track of chain growth , and normalization of the resulting mixture of real frames and continuation frames was necessary .
Furthermore , I needed more control over the frame linkage and be able to predict necessary continuation frame creation as much as possible .
So here comes the third half of the solution …( Figure 3 )
Figure 3 : Nodes Collect References
This structure adds a level of indirection , but the cost is very low .
Adding a new continuation frame is not much more than the old pushback scheme , together with some pointer and refcount adjustment .
4.3 How fast ?
Is it fast ?
Size ?
It is .
Some more advanced versions of the get and put functions in our example run three times faster than the threads implementation .
The following recursive call of one ( ! ) frame has the same speed as the proper implementation via functions :
def rectest2 ( n ) : this = continuation.
current ( ) call = this .
call k = this .update (n ) if k : call ( k - 1 ) else : del this .
link
On size :
The size of our continuation is just one frame , some 400 bytes maybe .
You can easily create 10000 of these objects .
Threads come at the cost of an extra C stack each , which is a megabyte on some machines .
We close the continuation story with a look through Python Win 's Browser .
Figure 4 : Continuation Browser View
5 Stackless Python
After we had continuations as the real fruit of this work , let 's come to Stackless Python and its implementation .
Continuations were the reason to build Stackless Python ; without it there is no chance to implement them in a machine independent manner .
5.1 What does it mean to be stackless ?
The standard Python code interpreter is written in C. Every Python action is somehow performed by some C code .
Whenever a piece of Python code is executed , a new incarnation of the interpreter loop is created and executed by a recursive call .
First of all , let 's see what it means to have a C stack .
Consider a Python function a( ) , which calls a Python function b( ) , which calls a Python function c ( ) .
In the context of function c( ) , the C interpreters of all three functions are still alive .
They are keeping their state on the C stack .
When the Python functions come to an end or an exception is raised , the C functions are popped off the C stack .
This is called " unwinding the stack " .
In that sense , Python is not so different from other C programs , which are usually all stack based .
But this is not the full story , since Python does quite a lot more than using the C stack .
Every running piece of Python code also has an associated Frame object .
A Frame object is something like a running instance of a code object .
Frames are used to hold local and global variables , to maintain the value stack of the byte code interpreter , and some other housekeeping information .
( Figure 5 )
These Frames are chained together in a last - in / first - out manner .
They make up a stack by themselves .
And they do this in a way quite similar to the C stack .
5.2
Why the C stack should vanish
Figure 5 : Standard Nested Call
The C stack limits recursion depth .
The C stack has a fixed size , and therefore the stack cannot grow infinitely .
The frame stack is not limited .
I think it is good to keep recursion depth limited , but not as a matter of an implementation detail .
This should be a user option .
The C stack should be reserved for C modules that really need it .
The C stack holds references to objects .
Well , eval_code is clean in this respect , but other C functions may pile up on the stack as well .
References to function parameters are kept on the C stack until a function returns .
The C stack holds execution state .
Information of the frame 's current program and stack counter is hidden in variables on the C stack and cannot be modified .
The C stack therefore limits the possible order of execution .
Removing the C stack is cheap .
As I try to show in this paper , the implementation effort is much smaller than one would think .
Execution speed is nearly the same .
But the new possibilities of having an explicit stack are many , and they cannot even be tried in the moment .
Coroutines can be incredibly fast .
As we will see in the following , by decoupling the frames from the C stack , coroutines can be implemented so fast , that it might become feasible to use them for quite a number of problems .
Switching between two coroutine frames needs just a built - in function call that is much cheaper than calling a Python function .
PERL has already no longer a C stack .
They will have some good reasons for this .
Python has no reason to be limited and stay behind .
To conclude : I want to provide the same level of flexibility for the C API as we have already in Python , open Python for new , efficient algorithmic approaches , at low implementation and runtime cost .
5.3 Targets Evolution and History
Everything started with a discussion of coroutines in Python on the python - dev mailing list , initiated by Sam Rushing .
In turn , a series of requirements materialized as consequences .
Get rid of the C stack .
This became clear quite quickly .
In order to be able to rearrange frames , the C stack is in the way .
Allow for pluggable interpreters .
After a first implementation of a tail - recursive code interpreter , I realized that tail recursion ( chapter 6.2 ) is necessary but not sufficient in order to make map , filter and reduce stackless .
Instead , we have to build tiny custom interpreters .
As a consequence , every extension module can provide its own interpreter for any frame .
Do the minimum changes to existing code .
It was never clear ( and still is not ) whether the Stackless Python patches would make it into the distribution at some time .
Furthermore , Python will undergo a lot of changes in the future .
The fewer changes are done now , the easier it will be to incorporate them into future versions .
Alternatively , keeping running my own parallel python version becomes less effort .
Stay compatible to compiled extension modules .
Stackless Python should be a drop - in replacement for the official distribution .
Every existing compiled extension module should work , provided it does not rely on the exact frame layout .
The proof of concept was to replace python15.dll and have PythonWin on top of it .
Learn how stackless extension modules work .
Although my major goal was to provide stackless behavior for Python code , the requirement to figure out how to make stackless - aware extension modules came up quickly .
Suppose that a fast XML parser is written in Python , which makes use of rapid context switching .
In order to write a much faster version in C , we need to be able to model the same stackless behavior .
Fortunately , the proof of concept comes for free by stackless map .
Implement first class continuations .
As a proof of concept , and to learn how all of this must work , I had not only to write an appropriate Python version , but also check the strength of the concept by implementing first class continuations .
In fact , a number of improvements had to be done in order to get continuations to work .
Keep continuations out of the core .
While the Python core was changed to support continuations , it became clear that the majority of existing and future code would probably make no use of continuations .
Therefore , the implementation had to have the smallest possible runtime impact on the Python core , and continuations had to be a dynamic module .
The evolution of the continuation module resulted in several changes to Stackless Python , which has reached version 1.0 at the time of writing .
It appears to be stable and is used in production code .
6 The Paradigm Shift
We will see in the next chapter , how Stackless Python was developed .
Since this was a long , iterative process , the key ideas appear in the order of invention which is not optimal for the readers understanding .
The essentials can be summarized as the following 3 axioms :
6.1 Time of Frame Execution
The paradigm in ceval .c for running a Python function is to build a frame for the code object , to put all the parameters in place and then run eval_code2 and wait for it to return .
The transformation : Making sure to run all frames in their correct order does not imply that we must call the interpreter function from the current C - stack nesting level .
If we can avoid any C - stack related post - processing , unwinding the stack is possible before the frame execution .
This implies the next shift :
6.2 Lifetime of Parameters
The function parameters in standard Python are kept alive by the caller .
This means that the caller of eval_code2 has to wait until the call is finished .
After the call the reference to the parameter tuple is removed .
Thinking in frames instead of recursive calls , it is obvious that parameters should be kept alive as long as the frame exists .
Therefore , we put a reference to the parameter tuple into a frame field .
This reference will be automatically removed at the best possible time : when the frame is disposed .
Since we removed the last cleanup task from the recursive C function call , there is nothing left do do for it , and it may return to its caller before the frame is run .
This pattern of a function invocation as the last action of the caller is also known as tail recursion .
Tail recursive calls are logical identical to jumps , and unwinding our C stack before running the next frame is our C equivalent of directly jumping back into the toplevel frame dispatcher .
6.3 Third System State
Standard Python has the throughout semantics of function calls that either a PyObject is returned , or NULL which signals an exception .
These are the two essential system states while returning from a frame .
By introduction of a special object as a return value with a different meaning , we can control the C - stack and request to unwind it , before the next frame is run .
Since this object is compatible with all other Python objects , this protocol change is n't visible to most of the involved code .
Only the C functions which deal with running a new frame needed to be changed .
This is the third system state .
Return Value System State NULL
An error occurred Py_UnwindToken Dispatch a frame Other PyObject Return this value
The above three ideas were central , necessary and sufficient for Stackless Python .
All other details are consequences from these axioms .
7 Implementing Stackless Python
During the implementation , a number of rules showed up as being essential .
They are quite simple :
1. Avoid recursive calls into the interpreter .
2 . Store all runtime information in frames .
3 . Allow frames to be restarted .
Just add to the frame structure , do n't break anything .
4 . Store the interpreter function in the frames .
5 . Have one central frame handler , turn eval_code2 into just one interpreter
6 . Provide new functions but keep backward compatible stub functions .
Rule 1 is obvious but looks hard to fulfill .
Rule 2 is obvious , too .
The frame chain becomes our true stack .
No information should be hidden in the C stack while a Python function is being called .
Rule 3 is one of the key ideas .
We come to it soon .
Rule 4 is just a consequent move of information into frames .
If a frame is to know everything about the running code , then it also should know which the interpreter is .
As a side effect , frames can call each other at wilt , without having to know more than that this is just a runable frame .
Rule 5 is a consequence of splitting responsibilities .
The central frame handler is the very minimum that we need .
It does nothing more than juggling the frame calls and passing results .
With a single concept of frames , we can run any kind of interpreters together , as long as they obey the Python Object Protocol .
Well , Rule 6 is clear .
We want to be still standard Python with the standard C API just extended .
7.1 Problem analysis
Let 's have a look into the code ( Figure 8 ) .
The first file to inspect is ceval .c .
We compare the old and the new version .
If you try to figure out what happens on a Python function call , you will first think it is impossible to do that without the C stack .
Figure 6 : Minimizing Recursive Calls
Have a look at function eval_code2 , at the case CALL_FUNCTION ( Figure 8 ) .
Many different cases are handled here ; other functions are called , like PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords .
There , a number of decisions are made , which in turn cause other function calls , and finally , we end up somewhere deeply nested , with either a call to call_builtin or call_function .
For getting a result , either a C function is called , or a new interpreter incarnation handles the call , finally via eval_code2 again .
In order to do this call , the calling function somehow prepares parameters , keeps a reference to the parameters , lets the evaluation happen , releases the parameters and returns the result .
My biggest fear was that I would have to rewrite all of this .
But this is not true .
7.2 Problem solution
If we just avoid doing the final call to eval_code2 , we are almost done .
Please have a look into the old version of call_function , and compare it to the new version .
Instead of calling the interpreter , we end up with the above piece of code : Prepare a frame to be run , but do n't run it .
eval_code2_setup is a function that just prepares a new frame , in order to be run later .
The frame holds all references to parameters , and the new field f_hold_ref takes the role to keep a reference to arg .
Instead of actually performing the call now , call_function returns a special object , Py_UnwindToken as its value .
This value is passed as a result through the actual pile of invoked C functions until it is caught in the calling interpreter ( yes , we are back at the CALL_FUNCTION opcode ) .
The interpreter checks this value and knows that a call is pending , so the current frame must be left , and a new frame has been put onto the stack , which should be called now .
Why is this possible , and why does it appear to be so easy ?
Python is already nearly stackless .
All the functions try to do nothing more than just to prepare for the next interpreter call , which will do the actual evaluation .
After as code object and its parameters have been checked for errors , the runtime error checking is already deferred to the responsible interpreter .
However , this does not mean that we need to call the interpreter immediately .
We can defer this until we have finished the currently active C functions !
Do you get the idea ?
In other words : Almost all calls into the interpreter turn out to be tail recursive .
After parameters have been checked and everything is prepared , there is no need to actually call the next function .
It is ok to generate a frame on the frame stack , which is ready to be run by the next interpreter involved , but there is no need to do this while we are still in the current pile of active C functions .
We can leave before we call .
The Frame Dispatcher " Mario " PyObject * PyEval_Frame_Dispatch ( ) { PyObject * result ; PyFrameObject *f ; PyThreadState * tstate = PyThreadState_GET
( ) ; PyDispatcherObject * self ; f = tstate -> frame ; if ( f==NULL ) return NULL ; self = PyDispatcher_New(f ) ; if ( self == NULL ) return NULL ; /* the initial frame belongs to us */ Py_INCREF ( self ) ; Py_XDECREF(f-> f_dispatcher ) ; f-> f_dispatcher = self ; result = f-> f_temp_val ; f->f_temp_val = NULL ; while ( 1 ) { result = f-> f_execute(f , result ) ; f = tstate -> frame ; if ( result == Py_UnwindToken ) { /* this is actually the topmost frame .
*/ /* pick an optional return value */ result = f-> f_temp_val ; f->f_temp_val = NULL ; /* and mark the frame as our own */ if ( f->f_dispatcher != self ) { Py_INCREF ( self ) ; Py_XDECREF(f-> f_dispatcher ) ; f-> f_dispatcher = self ; } } else if ( f==NULL || f-> f_dispatcher != self ) break ; } self -> d_back -> d_alive = 1 ; /* always possible since one always exists */ self -> d_alive = 0 ; Py_DECREF ( self ) ; return result ; } Frame Protocol :
After some frame 's f_execute has been run , we always refer to the topmost tstate frame .
If a frame returns the Py_UnwindToken object , this indicates that a different frame will be run that now belongs to the current dispatcher .
The f_temp_val field holds the temporary return value since f_execute 's return value was occupied .
Otherwise , we will bail out whenever the result becomes NULL or a different dispatcher is detected .
Whenever a function believes that it is done by running eval_code2 and returning a value , it defers all error handling to " the " interpreter .
What I do is nothing more than to defer the whole call to just " one " interpreter , which has the same semantics .
It is just a special form of tail recursion taking place .
It does not matter where the result value is checked for an exception immediately from a deeply nested function call , or later , after unwinding to the top - level interpreter incarnation .
The sequence of necessary actions is driven by the frame chain and nothing else .
By following this principle , it was possible to make stackless versions of all of the interpreter functions .
The conversion works like this :
When a C function calls the interpreter ( the former eval_code2 ) , it does not immediately run the new stack frame .
Instead , the new frame object is created and a special token , Py_UnwindToken , is returned .
Py_UnwindToken is a special return value that indicates that the current interpreter should get out of the way immediately ( which means to return ) .
Another approach to explain this :
The interpreter functions are ( almost ) all working with PyObjects .
Return values can be NULL , or a proper PyObject .
NULL has the semantics of an error that has to be handled , and it will cause the interpreters to unwind the stack by an exception .
This gives us just a two - valued logic : Return values are either PyObjects or NULL .
By introducing the Py_UnwindToken , I extended this to three - valued logic .
Since all these values can be passed through the existing interpreter functions , I saved a major rewrite and had just to take care to catch the right places to change .
If you are still with me , now the time has come to change your understanding of functions , stacks and return values .
7.3 The Frame Dispatcher
Let 's have a look into the new , central " interpreter " function in ceval .c
Actually it is no interpreter , but a function that repeatedly evaluates the top of the frame stack , using that frame 's execute function .
Just try to understand the central loop .
The dispatcher picks the topmost frame , the current result , and calls the frame 's f_execute function .
This dispatcher loop is the place where we always return to , regardless for what reason we ran a frame or why we left a frame .
This loop will continue to evaluate frames , until it reaches some end condition .
It does n't care about the frame stack that might grow as Python functions are called , or shrink when Python functions return or raise exceptions .
It will simply run the topmost frame , whatever is there , whatever interpreter it uses .
Calling frames and returning from frames is no longer different .
It reduces to leaving a frame and executing another one .
If the frame chain grows , it is a call , and if it shrinks , it is a return .
The dispatcher does not care about that .
You might wonder about the result variable , which looks a little funny .
This is indeed the result that the execution of a frame came up with .
We would n't even need to examine this variable , since the executing interpreters know whether they expect a result and how to handle it .
The reason why we do check for a Py_UnwindToken is just to assign our ownership ( see below ) to a probably newly created frame , and to handle the special case of passing a return value
You might also wonder thy this dispatcher object self is needed .
Every existing dispatcher creates a dispatcher object , in order to keep track of recursive calls .
By inserting a reference from the frame to this object , we associate the frame 's ownership .
This is a necessary contribution for being stackless and backward compatible at once .
Not every recursive interpreter call can be easily avoided :
An __init__ call for instance has different semantics than " normal " frames , since it is expected to return None as result .
This cannot easily be turned into tail recursion .
In this case , the recursive call makes good sense .
By monitoring the lifetime of dispatchers , we can track down whether a frame is a valid jump target or not .
7.4 Extended Frame Compatibility
Two frames are compatible iff control flow can be transferred without corrupting the C - stack .
My early assumption was that compatible frames must necessarily share the same dispatcher .
This leads to a couple of restrictions : Continuations , which are created from frames belonging to a different dispatcher would never be valid jump targets .
You would never be able to save a continuation in an instance 's __init__ function and call it later from the main module .
The same is true for continuations which are saved during an import or which even come from a different thread .
And most important , extension modules that are not stackless - aware often call back into Python functions and crate incompatible frames .
But there is a way out : Dispatcher objects are keeping track of their running dispatcher function .
Whenever the dispatcher returns , it marks its death in its dispatcher object .
It is important to note that by the death of a frame 's dispatcher , we know for sure that there is no longer an associated C function on the stack that holds a reference to it , thereby forbidding its re-use .
The resulting rule is simple :
Wait until a dispatcher is done with its frames , and they become valid jump targets .
Before we jump to such a frame , we remove the reference to the dead dispatcher and assign our own .
Dead dispatcher 's frames are compatible .
In other words :
By waiting until a call to another dispatcher returns , we can treat this call again like a tail recursion which is equivalent to a jump back into our active dispatcher .
Just a very long tail J .
8 The New C API
In order to stay backward compatible , all the known recursive interpreter functions needed to be retained .
To avoid duplication of all the code , the following technique was applied :
The old function header was copied ; the new function got a " _nr " appended to its name .
The new function was changed to be non-recursive .
If the old version was short enough or had to be changed anyway , code was indeed copied .
An example for this is the well - known eval_code :
The difference is obvious :
While the backward compatible version creates a ready - to - run frame ( which is put onto the frame stack by eval_code2_setup ) and runs it to the end by PyEval_Frame_Dispatch , the other just leaves that frame and returns Py_UnwindToken .
An example where the original version was expressed in terms of the new version , we have a look at PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords :
The old version was turned into a call to the new , followed by a dispatcher call .
Note that in the case of PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords , the " new " function is exactly the same code as the original one .
The difference is just that the used internal functions of ceval .c , call_builtin and call_function have changed their semantics to be non-recursive versions .
PyEval_Call­ObjectWithKeywords_nr does not know that it now can return something special , since a Py_UnwindToken is just another PyObject .
So the " new " function in this case is the new version of PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords that just takes care that no Py_UnwindToken can leak out to a C function that is not stackless - aware .
The backward compatible version has exactly the same semantics as in the original code .
It runs some code and returns either a PyObject or a NULL , indicating an exception .
Extension modules that wish to implement stackless C functions in a similar fashion as shown here , will use the new function instead .
New stackless functions in ceval .c :
PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords_nr
PyEval_CallObject_nr
PyEval_EvalCode_nr
PyEval_Frame_Dispatch
New stackless functions in pythonrun.c :
PyRun_SimpleFile_nr
PyRun_String_nr
PyRun_File_nr
New stackless functions in bltinmodule .c :
builtin_map_nr done builtin_eval_nr to do builtin_filter_nr to do builtin_reduce_nr to do builtin_apply_nr done
The builtin_xxx functions finally replaced their originals , since they are not used elsewhere .
builtin_eval and builtin_apply are straightforward to implement , some are not done yet .
The major problem is functions that cannot easily be converted since they are not tail recursive preparations of a single eval_code call , but repetitive calls are performed .
To obtain a stackless version of these , it is necessary to define their own interpreter function .
I implemented this as a proof of concept just for builtin_map .
9 Alternatives to " The Token "
The approach to introduce a special object to represent a third system state is considered not clean sometimes .
It should be noted that there are other equivalent approaches .
A special flag could be set in the current thread state or the current frame to indicate the special situation of unwinding .
My choice was directed by execution speed , since comparison of the current result against a constant value is fast .
For sure there is the need of a third system state , by whatever it is expressed .
10 Future directions
A stackless implementation of the SGMLOP module is under consideration .
This leads to fast XML parsers , which are no longer driven by callbacks into Python , but using coroutines and quick context switches between instantiated frames .
This parsing style may appear not only as faster , but also as not less intuitive than callbacks .
Tiny threads will be implemented with Stackless Python and Continuation module .
Generators and coroutines will get direct support in the C code , after they have been implemented in Python .
Since their layout is not as obvious as for continuations , we should play with different prototypes and choose what fits best .
11 Acknowledgements
I wish to thank all people who helped me to turn this idea into reality .
Special thanks apply to
Andrea Tismer
for standing a husband who has been hacking day and night for half a year
Jeremy Hylton
who provided outstanding help to give this paper its final touch
Tim Peters
for all his input and involvement
Sam Rushing
for inspiration and the reason at all
Axel Roepke
for long and constructive discussions
Jean - Claude Wippler
for helping to get the final bits of the very first version done .
Guido
for the promised hug :-)
Aaron Watters
for being my shepherd for this paper .
Actually he never got something , but I hacked on my code since he suggested " meaty examples "
Francois Ladouceur
for the proofreading , which did n't happen for the same reasons J
References
1. Richard Kelsey , William Clinger , And Jonathan Rees ( Editors ) , Revised ^5 Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme , http://www.swiss.ai.mit.edu/~jaffer/r5rs_toc.html, February 1998
2. Tim Peters , Coroutines in Python , http://www.pns.cc/stackless/coroutines.tim.peters.html, May 1994
3. Guido van Rossum , [ Python - Dev ] ' stackless ' python ? , http://www.pns.cc/stackless/continuations.guido.van.rossum.html, May 1999
4. Sam Rushing , Coroutines In Python , http://www.nightmare.com/~rushing/copython/index.html, Nov. 1999
5. Dorai Sitaram , Teach Yourself Scheme in Fixnum Days , http://www.cs.rice.edu/~dorai/t-y-scheme/,
September 1998
6. Andrew W. Appel , Compiling with Continuations , Cambridge University Press , 1992
7. Daniel P. Friedman , Mitchell Wand , and Christopher T. Haynes , Essentials of Programming Languages , MIT Press , 1993
8. Christopher T. Haynes , Daniel P. Friedman , and Mitchell Wand , Continuations and Coroutines , Computer Languages , 11( 3/4 ) : 143-153 , 1986 .
9. Guy L. Steele .
Rabbit : a compiler for Scheme , MIT AI Tech Report 474 .
1978 .
10 . Strachey and Wadsworth , Continuations : A mathematical semantics which can deal with full jumps .
Technical monograph PRG - 11 , Programming Research Group , Oxford , 1974 .
Appendix : Code Examples
/* Backward compatible interface */ PyObject * PyEval_EvalCode ( co , globals , locals ) PyCodeObject * co ; PyObject * globals ; PyObject * locals ; { PyFrameObject * frame ; frame=eval_code2_setup( co , globals , locals , ( PyObject **) NULL , 0 , ( PyObject **) NULL , 0 , ( PyObject **) NULL , 0 , ( PyObject *) NULL ) ; if ( frame != NULL ) return PyEval_Frame_Dispatch ( ) ; else return NULL ; } PyObject * PyEval_EvalCode_nr( co , globals , locals ) PyCodeObject * co ; PyObject * globals ; PyObject * locals ; { PyFrameObject * frame ; frame = eval_code2_setup ( co , globals , locals , ( PyObject **) NULL , 0 , ( PyObject **) NULL , 0 , ( PyObject **) NULL , 0 , ( PyObject *) NULL ) ; if ( frame != NULL ) return Py_UnwindToken ; else return NULL ; } PyObject * PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords ( func , arg , kw ) PyObject * func ; PyObject * arg ; PyObject * kw ; { PyObject * retval = PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords_nr ( func , arg , kw ) ; if ( retval == Py_UnwindToken ) { retval = PyEval_Frame_Dispatch ( ) ; } return retval ; } PyObject * PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords_nr( func , arg , kw) PyObject * func ; PyObject * arg ; PyObject * kw ; { ternaryfunc call ; PyObject * result ; if ( arg == NULL ) arg = PyTuple_New (0 ) ; else if (! PyTuple_Check ( arg ) ) { PyErr_SetString ( PyExc_TypeError , " argument list must be a tuple " ) ; return NULL ; } else ... ...
Figure 7 : PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords
old case CALL_FUNCTION : { [ declarations and initializations ] if ( PyFunction_Check ( func ) ) { [ prepare Python function call ] x = eval_code2 ( ( PyCodeObject *) co , globals , ( PyObject *) NULL , stack_pointer -n , na , stack_pointer - 2*nk , nk , d , nd , class ) ; } else { [ prepare builtin function call ] x = PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords ( func , args , kwdict ) ; Py_DECREF ( args ) ; Py_XDECREF ( kwdict ) ; } Py_DECREF ( func ) ; while ( stack_pointer > pfunc ) { w = POP ( ) ; Py_DECREF ( w ) ; } PUSH( x ) ; if ( x != NULL ) continue ; break ; } old function call_function ( ) [ preparations ] result = eval_code2 ( ( PyCodeObject *) PyFunction_GetCode(func ) , PyFunction_GetGlobals ( func ) , ( PyObject *) NULL , &PyTuple_GET_ITEM( arg , 0 ) , PyTuple_Size ( arg ) , k , nk , d , nd , class ) ; Py_DECREF ( arg ) ; PyMem_XDEL ( k ) ; return result ; } new function call_function ( ) [ preparations ] f = eval_code2_setup ( ( PyCodeObject *) PyFunction_GetCode(func ) , PyFunction_GetGlobals ( func ) , ( PyObject *) NULL , &PyTuple_GET_ITEM( arg , 0 ) , PyTuple_Size ( arg ) , k , nk , d , nd , class ) ; if ( f != NULL ) { f-> f_hold_ref = arg ; /* the decref will happen on frame disposal */ result = Py_UnwindToken ; } else result = NULL ; PyMem_XDEL ( k ) ; return result ; } new case CALL_FUNCTION : { [ declarations and initializations ] if ( PyFunction_Check ( func ) ) { [ prepare Python function call ] x = ( PyObject *)eval_code2_setup( ( PyCodeObject *) co , globals , ( PyObject *) NULL , stack_pointer -n , na , stack_pointer - 2*nk , nk , d , nd , class ) ; if ( x != NULL ) x = Py_UnwindToken ; } else { [ prepare builtin function call ] f->f_stackpointer = stack_pointer ; x = PyEval_CallObjectWithKeywords_nr ( func , args , kwdict ) ; Py_DECREF ( args ) ; Py_XDECREF ( kwdict ) ; } Py_DECREF ( func ) ; while ( stack_pointer > pfunc ) { w = POP ( ) ; Py_DECREF (w ) ; } /* stackless postprocessing */ if ( x == Py_UnwindToken ) { why = WHY_CALL ; break ; } else if ( f-> f_callguard != NULL ) { /* also protect normal calls 990712 */ f-> f_stackpointer = stack_pointer ; f->f_next_instr = next_instr ; f-> f_temp_val = x ; f->f_statusflags |= WANTS_RETURN_VALUE; err = f->f_callguard(f , 2 ) ; if ( err ) { if ( err== - 42 ) { return Py_UnwindToken ; } else break ; } f->f_statusflags &= ~ WANTS_RETURN_VALUE ; } PUSH(x ) ; if ( x != NULL ) continue ; break ; }
Figure 8 : CALL_FUNCTION
Figure 9 : Stacklesssss Python
Source code and a Python 1.5.2 compatible build are available at :
http://www.tismer.com/research/stackless
