C onservatives are out of their particular closet .
Not since ripping into social and legal activists during a first year in power has the party so aggressively , or openly , imposed its ideology .
Subtlety is strangely missing in the behaviour of a party tantalized by the prize of turning a minority into a majority .
Gone is any serious effort to disguise the motives in Conservative machinations .
In its place is the blatant use of money and muscle to discourage and to discipline those judged offside .
Call it clarity or bullying , but there was no doubt about the intentions when the overgrown gnomes in the Prime Minister 's Office savaged TD Bank CEO Ed Clark for suggesting both widespread unhappiness with federal deficits and , worse still , tax hikes as a fix .
Call it a government exercising its legitimate prerogative or exorcising moderation , but there was no ambiguity in purpose when Conservatives cut funding to the ecumenical church group KAIROS or blew apart Rights and Democracy by tilting its board to new members with strong biases .
Whatever the labels , the writing is on Ottawa 's walls :
To challenge Conservative orthodoxy is to risk reprisals .
Even if it 's new to non-governmental and arm 's - length federal agencies , the message is familiar to bureaucrats and watchdogs .
More quietly – but as effectively – Conservatives have been making it clear to civil servants and independent oversight officials that what the Prime Minister wants is mute obedience .
A capital sensitive to the most nuanced top - down signals gets the point .
A memo is superfluous when all - party recommendations to repair the dysfunctional Access to Information
Act are rejected , parliamentary budget officer Kevin Page is forced to fight for promised funding or when Linda Keene is sacked for doing her job ensuring nuclear safety .
Certainly the government of the day has every right to expect bureaucrat loyalty .
After all , democracy demands that mandarins advise , ministers decide .
Still , enforced silence and reflex compliance are anathemas to the openness and intellectual argy - bargy that are essential to the creation of effective policies that put the nation on the most beneficial course .
Less varied and informed debate was the result in 2006 when Conservatives lunged at , among other old Reform bugaboos , the court challenges program , Law Reform Commission and Status of Women .
Policy frostbite will be the result of the rising chill on any advocacy that runs counter to the preconceived Conservative consensus .
Prime ministers have as much right to set their administration 's tone as they have to expect the bureaucracy to execute government 's will .
But it 's also true that character is often the decisive election factor and , by and large , Canadians like Stephen Harper best when Conservatives are getting on with the job , not on the case of anyone who sees the country and world through a different prism .
So it 's instructive that Harper is now appealing so obviously to his party 's relatively narrow base .
Along with risking further alienation of the broader Canadian constituency , the decision to play so loudly to his most appreciative audience reinforces the same concerns about obsessive control that led to nationwide protests over his suspension of Parliament .
Harper is respected as a shrewd if imperfect strategist .
His current tactics suggest a prime minister more concerned with reinforcing the ruling party 's core constituency and advancing the Conservative agenda while he has power than in converting the moderate majority to the cause .
James Travers ' column appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
Of course Wall Street 's most powerful company would n't stoop to rigging an online poll , right ?
In fact , one of their spinners said the bank had “ just received this information and is investigating fully ” .
Yeah , I think they 're going to join O.J. Simpson in looking for the perpetrators !
Around 3:41 pm yesterday , the technical team watching the vote counter on a grass root campaign 's website noticed that the “ no ” votes increased dramatically .
A few days ago robinhoodtax.com , asked the public to vote on a " tiny " tax on bankers that would donate no more than .05 % of each banking transaction to the poor .
They say it would raise more than $ 100 billion pounds .
Robin Hood ’s security team said that it traced the erroneous votes to two computers , one of which is allegedly registered to Goldman , according to The Telegraph .
Last month I wrote a post about getting Windows system information and I mentioned in one of my comments that there was another script that did some of this as well as other stuff , but I could n’t find it .
Well , today I went digging for it and found the script I wanted .
So we ’re going back down the rabbit hole for some more tips and tricks for getting information about the wonderful world of Windows using Python .
The following scripts are taken from a login script that I use and maintain at my employment .
We usually need several ways to identify a particular user ’s machine .
Fortunately , most workstations have several unique identifiers , such as IP , MAC address and the name of the workstation ( although none of these necessarily has to be unique …we actually had a workstation that had a NIC with the same MAC as one of our servers , for example ) .
Anyway , let ’s get to the code !
How to Get Your Workstation ’s Name
In this section , we ’ll use the platform module to get our computer ’s name .
We actually mentioned this trick in my previous in my previous article , but since we need this information for the next snippet , I am going to repeat this trick here :
from platform import node computer_name = node ( )
That was pretty painless , right ?
Only two lines of code and we have what we needed .
But there ’s actually at least one other way to get it :
import socket computer_name = socket.gethostname ( )
This snippet is also extremely simple , although the first one is slightly shorter .
All we had to do was import the builtin socket module and call its gethostname method .
Now we ’re ready to get our PC ’s IP address .
How to Get the IP Address of Your PC with Python
We can use the information we garnered above to get at our PC ’s IP address :
import socket ip_address = socket.gethostbyname(computer_name ) # or we could do this : ip_address2 = socket.gethostbyname(socket.gethostname ( ) )
In this example , we again use the socket module , but this time we its gethostbyname method and pass in the name of the PC .
The socket module will then return the IP address .
You can also use Tim Golden ’s WMI module .
The following example comes from his wonderful WMI Cookbook :
import wmi c = wmi.
WMI ( ) for interface in c.Win32_NetworkAdapterConfiguration ( IPEnabled=1 ) : print interface .
Description for ip_address in interface .
IPAddress : print ip_address print
All it does if loop over the installed network adapters and print out their respective descriptions and IP addresses .
How to Get the MAC Address with Python
Now we can turn our attention to getting the MAC address .
We ’ll look at two different ways to get it , starting with an ActiveState recipe :
def get_macaddress ( host=' localhost ' ) : " " " Returns the MAC address of a network host , requires >= WIN2K . " " " # http://aspn.activestate.com/ASPN/Cookbook/Python/Recipe/347812
import ctypes import socket import struct #
Check for api availability try : SendARP = ctypes.windll.Iphlpapi.SendARP
except : raise NotImplementedError(' Usage only on Windows 2000 and above ' ) #
Does n't work with loopbacks , but let 's try and help .
if host == ' 127.0.0.1 ' or host.lower ( ) == ' localhost ' : host = socket.gethostname ( ) # gethostbyname blocks , so use it wisely .
try : inetaddr = ctypes.windll.wsock32.inet_addr( host ) if inetaddr in ( 0 , - 1 ) : raise Exception except : hostip = socket.gethostbyname( host ) inetaddr = ctypes.windll.wsock32.inet_addr( hostip ) buffer = ctypes.c_buffer(6 ) addlen = ctypes.c_ulong(ctypes.sizeof( buffer ) ) if SendARP ( inetaddr , 0 , ctypes.byref( buffer ) , ctypes.byref( addlen ) ) != 0 : raise WindowsError (' Retreival of mac address ( %s ) - failed ' % host ) # Convert binary data into a string .
macaddr = '' for intval in struct.unpack ( ' BBBBBB ' , buffer ) : if intval > 15 : replacestr = ' 0 x ' else : replacestr = ' x ' if macaddr != '' : macaddr = ':'. join ( [ macaddr , hex ( intval ) .replace ( replacestr , '' ) ] ) else : macaddr = ' '. join ( [ macaddr , hex ( intval ) .replace ( replacestr , '' ) ] ) return macaddr.upper ( )
Since I did n’t write the code above , I wo n’t go into it in depth .
However , it is my understanding that this script works by first checking to see if it can do an ARP request , which is only available on Windows 2000 and above .
Once that ’s confirmed , it attempts to use the ctypes module to get the inet address .
After that ’s done , it goes through some stuff that I do n’t really understand to build the MAC address .
When I first started maintaining this code , I thought there had to be a better way to get the MAC address .
I thought that maybe Tim Golden ’s WMI module or maybe the PyWin32 package would be the answer .
I ’m fairly certain that he gave me the following snippet or I found it on one of the Python mailing list archives :
def getMAC_wmi( ) : " " " uses wmi interface to find MAC address " " " interfaces = [ ] import wmi c = wmi.
WMI ( ) for interface in c.Win32_NetworkAdapterConfiguration ( IPEnabled=1 ) : if interface .
DNSDomain == ' www.myDomain.com': return interface .
MACAddress
Unfortunately , while this method works , it slowed down the login script noticeably , so I ended up using the original method in the end .
I think Mr. Golden has released a newer version of the wmi module , so it ’s possible that this is now faster .
How to Get the Username
Getting the current user ’s login name with Python is trivial .
All you need is the PyWin32 package .
from win32 api import GetUserName userid = GetUserName ( )
One quick import and we have the username in two lines of code .
How to Find What Groups the User is in
We can use the userid we acquired above to find out what groups it ’s in .
import os from win32 api import GetUserName from win32 com.client import GetObject def _ GetGroups ( user ) : " " " Returns a list of the groups that ' user ' belongs to . " " " groups = [ ] for group in user .
Groups ( ) : groups.append ( group. Name ) return groups userid = GetUserName ( ) pdcName = os.getenv('dcName ' , ' primaryDomainController ' ) try : user = GetObject ( " WinNT://%s/%s,user " % ( pdcName , userid ) ) fullName = user .
FullName myGroups = _ GetGroups ( user ) except Exception , e : try : from win32net import NetUserGetGroups , NetUserGetInfo myGroups = [ ] groups = NetUserGetGroups( pdcName , userid ) userInfo = NetUserGetInfo(pdcName , userid,2 ) fullName = userInfo[ ' full_name ' ] for g in groups : myGroups.append( g[ 0 ] ) except Exception , e : fullname = " Unknown " myGroups = [ ]
This is more intimidating than any of the previous scripts we looked at , but it ’s actually pretty easy to understand .
First we import the modules or method we need .
Next we have a simple function that takes a user object as its sole parameter .
This function will loop over that user ’s groups and add them to a list , which it then returns to the caller .
The next piece of the puzzle is getting the primary domain controller , which we use the os module for .
We pass the pdcName and userid to GetObject ( which is part of the win32 com module ) to get our user object .
If that works correctly , then we can get the user ’s full name and groups .
If it fails , then we catch the error and try to get the information with some functions from the win32 net module .
If that also fails , then we just set some defaults .
Wrapping Up
Hopefully you have learned some valuable tricks to use in your own code .
I ’ve been using these scripts for several years with Python 2.4 + and they work great !
Death of Boa Sr , last person fluent in the Bo language of the Andaman Islands , breaks link with 65,000 - year - old culture
The last speaker of an ancient tribal language has died in the Andaman Islands , breaking a 65,000 - year link to one of the world 's oldest cultures .
Boa Sr , who lived through the 2004 tsunami , the Japanese occupation and diseases brought by British settlers , was the last native of the island chain who was fluent in Bo .
Taking its name from a now - extinct tribe , Bo is one of the 10 Great Andamanese languages , which are thought to date back to pre-Neolithic human settlement of south - east Asia .
Though the language has been closely studied by researchers of linguistic history , Boa Sr spent the last few years of her life unable to converse with anyone in her mother tongue .
Even members of inter-related tribes were unable to comprehend the repertoire of Bo songs and stories uttered by the woman in her 80s , who also spoke Hindi and another local language .
" Her loss is not just the loss of the Great Andamanese community , it is a loss of several disciplines of studies put together , including anthropology , linguistics , history , psychology , and biology , " Narayan Choudhary , a linguist of Jawaharlal Nehru University who was part of an Andaman research team , wrote on his webpage .
" To me , Boa Sr epitomised a totality of humanity in all its hues and with a richness that is not to be found anywhere else . "
The Andaman Islands , in the Bay of Bengal , are governed by India .
The indigenous population has steadily collapsed since the island chain was colonised by British settlers in 1858 and used for most of the following 100 years as a colonial penal colony .
Tribes on some islands retained their distinct culture by dwelling deep in the forests and rebuffing would - be colonisers , missionaries and documentary makers with volleys of arrows .
But the last vestiges of remoteness ended with the construction of trunk roads from the 1970s .
According to the NGO Survival International , the number of Great Andamanese has declined in the past 150 years from about 5,000 to 52 .
Alcoholism is rife among the survivors .
" The Great Andamanese were first massacred , then all but wiped out by paternalistic policies which left them ravaged by epidemics of disease , and robbed of their land and independence , " said Survival International 's director , Stephen Corry .
" With the death of Boa Sr and the extinction of the Bo language , a unique part of human society is now just a memory .
Boa 's loss is a bleak reminder that we must not allow this to happen to the other tribes of the Andaman Islands . "
Boa
Sr appears to have been in good health until recently .
During the Indian Ocean tsunami , she reportedly climbed a tree to escape the waves .
She told linguists afterwards that she had been forewarned .
" We were all there when the earthquake came .
The eldest told us the Earth would part , do n't run away or move . "
Mark Burnett ’s trouble - plagued game show " Our Little Genius " may never get broadcast , but an FCC complaint filed by the parent of one of the contestants is seeing the light of day .
Its disclosure may mean more public relations headaches for the Burnett over a mounting controversy that ’s already been drawing parallels with the quiz - show scandals of the 1950s .
Production on the Fox show , which featured whiz kids aged 6 to 12 answering trivia questions for money , halted in January — a week before it was set to debut .
The eight episodes that were filmed were shelved after Burnett said he found " an issue with how some information was relayed to contestants during the pre-production . "
( Read the full complaint here )
The FCC complaint , obtained after the Associated Press filed a Freedom of Information Act request , shed some light into what these " issues " may have been .
The father ’s name and that of the young contestant have been redacted from the complaint .
Regulators are looking into the complaint ’s allegations by the father of one of the kiddie prodigy contestants charging that a producer coached his child on how to answer questions relating to music history and theory .
He also talked with the family about what topics would be " easiest " for the contestant to answer .
Most damaging of all , however , is the charge that the producers may have fed answers to at least four questions .
That would seem to be a violation of the FCC statute that states that game shows are barred from engaging in " … any artifice or scheme for the purpose of prearranging or predetermining in whole or in part the outcome of a purportedly bona fide contest of intellectual knowledge , intellectual skill , or chance . "
The FCC will not officially confirm that the show is under investigation .
However , as TheWrap has previously reported , the show ’s producers may have shielded themselves from punishment by ensuring that the program never aired .
" If there ’s no show , there ’s really no evidence of any wrongdoing , " Sharon Gold , an entertainment lawyer with TroyGould P.C , told TheWrap after news broke that Burnett had yanked the program .
In the complaint , the father notes that after a meeting with an attorney from Mark Burnett Productions and the families of other contestants , in which he questioned the way that the show was being conducted , he was informed that filming had been postponed and their participation in the program was canceled .
" Given what I ’ve observed , other families most likely received similar details about some of the questions that their children would be asked , " the father writes .
" It is reasonable to ask why would Mark Burnett Production want to reveal questions and answers and apparently help contestants win more prize money ?
" One possible answer is that they have a strategy for controlling and allocating prize money .
It is quite possible that they wanted almost everyone to answer three or four questions correctly and then fail shortly thereafter . "
Pick Up Artist Profiles
Pick Up Artists ( or PUAs ) are men who have dedicated themselves to developing the skills to be good with women .
Really good .
Below are profiles of some of the top Pick Up Artists in the seduction community , many of whom have started or coach for pickup companies dedicated to teaching guys how to improve their game .
See also our list of Female Gurus .
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - President Hugo Chavez inaugurated a folksy new radio talk - show on Monday by declaring an “ electricity emergency ” in oil - rich Venezuela .
Despite its huge crude reserves , the South American OPEC member relies on hydro- electricity for 70 percent of its power needs , and a drought has hit supply since late 2009 .
“ We are ready to decree the electricity emergency , because it really is an emergency , ” Chavez said in the first edition of a show on state radio air waves called “ Suddenly Chavez . ”
With electricity cuts weighing on Chavez ’s popularity ahead of important legislative elections in September , the government blames the shortages on the drought and soaring demand during five years of economic growth until 2008 .
But critics say poor management and under - investment have undermined the power grid and exposed the failings of Chavez ’s “ 21st century socialism ” policies during his 11 - year rule .
Analysts say power cuts have played a big part -- along with water shortages and high crime levels -- in cutting Chavez ’s popularity levels from more than 60 percent a year ago to around 50 percent now .
A formal decree of emergency would enable the government to speed up moves to confront the power crisis , which range from stricter rationing and more thermoelectric generation , to the “ seeding ” of clouds in an attempt to produce rain .
“ I call on the whole country : ‘ Switch off the lights . ’
We are facing the worst drought Venezuela has had in almost 100 years , ” Chavez said in what appeared to be a new radio version of his long - running “ Hello Mr. President ” TV show on Sundays .
HARP SOUND MEANS CHAVEZ
Chavez said the program would always be preceded by the sound of a harp playing local folk - music .
“ When you hear the pluck of a harp on the radio , maybe Chavez is coming .
It ’s suddenly , at any time , maybe midnight , maybe early morning . ”
While provincial cities and villages are without light for hours at a time since rolling blackouts began in January , an attempt to ration electricity in the capital Caracas last month caused chaos and protests , forcing Chavez to suspend it .
Given the desperate situation , though , the government may try again in Caracas soon .
Energy Minister Ali Rodriguez , appointed after the previous minister was fired over the power crisis , said over the weekend that the country had achieved only a four percent cut in energy use in recent weeks , despite aiming for 20 percent .
A report by Edelca , one of the companies that form part of state - run power firm Corpoelec , has predicted the closure of the El Guri reservoir , which provides 44 percent of national demand , if the drought continues during 2010 and levels of consumption are not drastically reduced .
Electricity demand has increased by 38 percent since 2003 to an average of 14,100 megawatts in 2009 .
The government calculates the current deficit as 1,600 megawatts .
As well as stirring up local politics , the power - cuts are an obstacle to Venezuela ’s recovery from recession after the economy shrank 2.9 percent in 2009 .
Major oil sites have their own generators , so remain relatively unaffected .
People carry an injured person in Port - au - Prince after the largest earthquake ever recorded in the area rocked Haiti on Tuesday .
( Radio Tele Ginen / Associated Press )
The Haitian capital has largely been destroyed in the most powerful earthquake to hit the country in more than 200 years .
Journalists from The Associated Press describe severe and widespread casualties after touring the streets of Port - au - Prince .
The damage is staggering even in a country accustomed to tragedy and disaster .
AP reporters said the National Palace is a crumbled ruin and tens of thousands of people are homeless .
Many gravely injured people sit in the street , pleading for doctors many hours after the quake .
In public squares thousands of people are singing hymns and holding hands .
The 7.0 - magnitude quake struck at 4:53 p.m. Tuesday , leaving large numbers of people unaccounted for .
An aid official described " total disaster and chaos . "
Communications were widely disrupted , making it impossible to get a clear picture of damage as powerful aftershocks shook a desperately poor country where many buildings are flimsy .
Electricity was out in some places .
Karel Zelenka , a Catholic Relief Services representative in Port- au - Prince , told U.S. colleagues before phone service failed that " there must be thousands of people dead , " according to a spokeswoman for the aid group Sara Fajardo .
" He reported that it was just total disaster and chaos , that there were clouds of dust surrounding Port - au - Prince , " Fajardo said from the group 's offices in Maryland .
This image released by the U.S. Geological Survey shows a shake map of the Haiti area processed Tuesday .
( ( U.S. Geological Survey / Associated Press ) )
The headquarters of the UN peacekeeping Mission in Haiti sustained " serious damage " in Tuesday 's earthquake and a large number of UN personnel in Haiti are missing , the peacekeeping chief said late Tuesday .
Alain Le Roy in New York said other UN installations in the Caribbean nation were also damaged .
The executive director of Haitian Ministries for the Diocese of Norwich , Conn. , Emily Smack , said she believed two of the organization 's staff are trapped in their mission house , which partially collapsed during the earthquake .
Other buildings also were damaged and scientists said they expected " substantial " damage and casualties as powerful aftershocks shook the country .
The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.0 and was centred about 15 kilometres west of Port - au - Prince , the U.S. Geological Survey said .
It had a depth of eight kilometres and was the largest quake recorded in the area , said Dale Grant , an analyst with the U.S. agency .
The last major quake was a magnitude - 6.7 temblor in 1984 .
Weather conditions were generally quiet at the time of the quake .
A mostly sunny sky with temperatures around 25 C to 30 C were reported .
An Associated Press videographer saw the wrecked hospital in Petionville , a hillside Port - au - Prince district that is home to many diplomats and wealthy Haitians .
Elsewhere , a U.S. government official reported seeing houses that had tumbled into a ravine .
Raymond Joseph , Haiti's ambassador to the U.S. , said from his Washington , D. C. , office that he spoke to President Rene Preval 's chief of staff , Fritz Longchamp , just after the quake hit .
He said Longchamp told him that " buildings were crumbling right and left " near the national palace .
He said he has not been able to get through by phone to Haiti since .
Don Blakeman , an analyst at the USGS in Golden , Colo. , said such a strong quake carried the potential for widespread damage .
" I think we are going to see substantial damage and casualties , " he said .
The quake was felt in the Dominican Republic , which shares a border with Haiti on the island of Hispaniola .
Some panicked residents in the capital of Santo Domingo fled from their shaking homes .
In eastern Cuba , houses shook but no major damage was immediately reported .
" We felt it very strongly and I would say for a long time , " said Msgr. Dionisio Garcia , archbishop of Santiago .
" We had time to evacuate . "
Wednesday , Feb. 03 , 2010
Soooo sleepy that even a concrete pillow feels soft at the Alipore Zoo in Calcutta .
Go for a walk , she said .
It will be fun , she said ... IF YOU'RE A HUSKY : A woman takes her terriers out for some exercise in Minsk .
Caution , steps may be icy : A pedestrian walks up a flight of stairs disguised as a ski slope in Vancouver , B.C .
How low can you get ?
A Trinidad dancer squeezes under a flaming limbo bar while rehearsing for the Edinburgh Military Tattoo , a military music festival in Sydney .
Fort Enid rises from the prairie : Joe Ward 's mission in life is to build the biggest snow fort that Enid , Okla . , has ever seen .
Exercising his First Amendment rights , the Saints ' Na'Shan Goddard bench - presses a reporter during media day for Super Bowl XLIV .
A face that 's hard to refuse :
An old woman asks passers - by for alms on a roadside in the old part of New Delhi .
Bonfire of the banned : A Pakistani official throws bottles of beer and booze , and kilos of heroin and hashish into a fire in Karachi .
The contraband was confiscated during various raids last year .
Get out of jail free : A wrecked prison van sits in front of Haiti 's main penitentiary , which was severely damaged in the Jan. 12 earthquake that devastated Port - au - Prince .
All of the prison 's approximately 4,500 inmates escaped during the temblor .
This wo n't hurt a bit :
A boy cries before being vaccinated against multiple diseases at a makeshift camp for earthquake survivors in the National Stadium of Port - au - Prince .
Pepper paupers : Villagers in Shertha , India , are paid 14 cents for every 44 pounds of chilis they clean by removing their petioles .
Those who shelter bugs in their fur in Islamabad , Pakistan , shall never want for friends .
White House to get whiter : Washington is expecting a new snowstorm this weekend that likely will add to the accumulation on the North Grounds .
Indian food vendors head home at the end of a day's work on the banks of the River Ganges at Sangam , the holy confluence of the Ganges , Yamuna and mythical Saraswati rivers .
The early bird catches the cold : A robin , traditionally the harbinger of spring , searches for berries after a 6 - inch snowfall in Fort Washington , Md .
By Thomas Sowell - February 9 , 2010
A recent flap in a Berkeley high school reveals what a farce " fairness " can be .
Because this is ultra-liberal Berkeley , perhaps we should not be surprised that a proposal has been made to eliminate four jobs as science teachers and use the money saved for programs to help low achievers .
In Berkeley , as in many other communities across the country , black and Latino students are not performing as well as Asian and white students .
In fact , the racial gap in academic achievement at Berkeley High School is the highest in California -- no doubt a special source of embarrassment in politically correct Berkeley .
According to the principal , " Our community at Berkeley High School has failed the African - Americans . "
Therefore " We need to bring everybody up -- that 's what this plan is about . "
Surely no one , not even in Berkeley , seriously believes that you will " bring everybody up " by eliminating science teachers .
This is a proposal to redistribute money from science to social work , by providing every student with advisors on note - taking , time management and other learning skills .
The point is to close educational gaps among groups , or at least go on record as trying .
As with most equalization crusades , whether in education or in the economy , it is about equalizing downward , by lowering those at the top .
" Fairness " strikes again !
This is not just a crazy idea by one principal in Berkeley .
It is a crazy idea taught in schools of education across the country .
A professor of education at the University of San Francisco has weighed in on the controversy at Berkeley , supporting the idea of " projects designed to narrow the achievement gap . "
In keeping with the rhetoric of the prevailing ideology , our education professor refers to " privileged " parents and " privileged " children who want to " forestall any progress toward equity . "
In the language of the politically correct , achievement is equated with privilege .
Such verbal sleight of hand evades the question whether individuals ' own priorities and efforts affect outcomes , whether in education or in other endeavors .
No need to look at empirical evidence when a clever phrase can take that whole question off the table .
This verbal sleight of hand is not confined to education .
A study of incomes of various groups in Toronto concluded that Canadians of Japanese ancestry were the most " privileged " group in that city .
That is , people of Japanese ancestry there had higher incomes than members of other minorities and higher than that of the white majority in Toronto .
What makes the " privileged " label a particularly bad joke in this case is a history of blatant discrimination against the Japanese in Canada in years past , including a longer internment during World War II than that of Japanese Americans .
But , to some on the left , the very concept of achievement must be banished by all means necessary , regardless of the facts .
Achievement by overcoming obstacles is a special threat to the left 's vision of the world , and so must be magically transformed into privilege through rhetoric .
Those with that vision do not want to even discuss evidence that students from different groups spend different amounts of time on homework and different amounts of time on social activities .
To admit that inputs affect outputs , whether in education , in the economy or in other areas , would be to undermine the vision and agenda of the left , and deprive those who believe in that vision of a moral melodrama , starring themselves as defenders of the oppressed and crusaders against the forces of evil .
Redistribution of material resources has a very poor track record when it comes to actually helping those who are lagging , whether in education , in the economy or elsewhere .
What they need are the attitudes , priorities and behavior which produce the outcomes desired .
But changing anyone 's attitudes , priorities and behavior is a lot harder than taking a stance as defenders of the oppressed and crusaders against the forces of evil .
To the extent that doing the latter misdiagnoses the problem , it makes solving the problem even harder .
That does no good for those who are lagging , however much it exalts those who pose as their defenders .
" Fairness " indeed !
SAN FRANCISCO -- Randy Johnson looked so awkward on the mound early in his career , that shaggy hair dangling down his neck as he fired a blazing fastball in every direction but the strike zone .
Now , after 22 major league seasons , The Big Unit is walking away from baseball as one of the game 's greatest pitchers .
The 6 - foot - 10 Johnson announced his retirement on a conference call Tuesday , a decision that had been expected from the overpowering left - hander who reached 300 wins last June .
" I really wanted to go out on my terms , " Johnson said .
" I just feel like there 's not a lot more for me to do in this game .
I just think it 's a natural progression when you play this long .
Eventually you have to say it 's time . "
A five - time Cy Young Award winner , the 46 - year - old Johnson accomplished just about everything in his remarkable career that a player hopes for in baseball .
He owns a World Series ring and co-MVP honors , and was a 10 - time All - Star .
He threw two no-hitters , including a perfect game , and ranks second on the career strikeout list .
Johnson finishes with a record of 303- 166 and 4,875 strikeouts in 4,135 1/3 innings for Montreal , Seattle , Houston , Arizona , the New York Yankees and San Francisco .
His strikeouts are the most by a left - hander and second to Nolan Ryan 's 5,714 .
" It 's all been a bit of a whirlwind .
I never really got caught up in what I did , " Johnson said .
" I never really dwelled on my achievements .
They 're nice .
Maybe now I 'll be able to reflect on them . "
Johnson overcame several injuries to keep pitching effectively into his mid-40s .
He said before last season ended that he looked forward to going home to Arizona and spending time with his family before making a decision about his future .
Shaw Communications plans to finally get moving on launching a cellphone network in 2010 .
During its first - quarter earnings announcement Thursday , the company said it will take " initial steps to commence wireless activities , with build - out planned over the next several years . "
Shaw did not elaborate on its plans and a company official did not immediately return a request for comment .
In 2008 , Calgary - based Shaw spent $ 189 million on 18 wireless licences covering mostly Western Canada , with a few in northern Ontario as well .
Unlike most other new companies that acquired wireless spectrum , Shaw decided to hold off on plans to launch a network .
Along with main rival Telus , Shaw was a vocal opponent of fellow new entrant Globalive and helped convince the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission to conduct a public review of that company .
The CRTC ended up blocking Globalive 's launch after finding it did n't meet Canadian ownership and control requirements , a decision the federal government reversed in December .
Globalive , operating as Wind , launched service in December in Toronto and Calgary , Shaw 's backyard .
Wind also announced on Wednesday it is hiring in Edmonton , as well as Ottawa , with further plans to launch in Vancouver .
Lagged in converting TV customers to digital
RBC Capital Markets analyst Jonathan Allen said Shaw 's delay in launching wireless has had more to do with its television market than the new threat from Wind .
Shaw has lagged other North American cable companies in converting its television customers to digital from analogue and has been concentrating on addressing that issue .
Still , the competitive threats are growing .
At least one other new cellphone company , John Bitove 's DAVE Wireless , plans to launch service this year in several cities , including Shaw 's main markets of Calgary , Edmonton and Vancouver .
" From a timing perspective , it makes sense to be sooner rather than later , " Allen said .
He said Shaw is likely to launch a high - end wireless service , possibly with mobile television included .
The last remaining major buyer of licences in the 2008 auction that has not yet announced wireless plans is Bragg Communications , which runs cable provider EastLink in the Maritimes .
The company could not be immediately reached for comment .
Allen said Bragg has been focused on integrating several recent acquisitions and has been short on the money needed to build a wireless network .
Those integrations should be finished this year , he said .
Separately , Shaw announced first - quarter revenue rose 11 per cent to $ 906 million over the same period last year .
Operating income was $ 475 million , an increase of 29 per cent from a year earlier .
People are obsessed with how the Na'Vi people do it .
What with SNL 's video , Hustler 's Avatar XXX parody and others .
We swore we'd back off , then we saw this NSFW Na'vi cartoon .
We 're pretty ashamed , but we laughed .
Advertisement
James Cameron's Laser Cats Plus SNL's Avatar Sex Scene Last night Saturday Night Live brought in James " Game - Changer " Cameron to reboot the entire Laser … Read more
Alright now , do we all have this blue people having sex with each other fetish finally out of our systems ?
No , probably not .
Until the Hustler Avatar porn DVD release , then .
This piece was first published Jan. 18 , 2010 .
It is being reposted on this Martin Luther King Jr. memorial weekend .
Martin Luther King
Day has become a yearly ritual to turn a black radical into a red - white - and - blue icon .
It has become a day to celebrate ourselves for “ overcoming ” racism and “ fulfilling ” King ’s dream .
It is a day filled with old sound bites about little black children and little white children that , given the state of America , would enrage King .
Most of our great social reformers , once they are dead , are kidnapped by the power elite and turned into harmless props of American glory .
King , after all , was not only a socialist but fiercely opposed to American militarism and acutely aware , especially at the end of his life , that racial justice without economic justice was a farce .
“ King ’s words have been appropriated by the people who rejected him in the 1960s , ” said Professor James Cone , who teaches at Union Theological Seminary in New York and who wrote the book “ Martin & Malcolm & America . ”
“ So by making his birthday a national holiday , everybody claims him , even though they opposed him while he was alive .
They have frozen King in 1963 with his ‘ I Have a Dream ’ speech .
That is the one that can best be manipulated and misinterpreted .
King also said , shortly after the Selma march and the riots in Watts , ‘ They have turned my dream into a nightmare . ’ ”
“ Mainstream culture appeals to King ’s accent on love , as if it can be separated from justice , ” Cone said .
“ For King , justice defines love .
It ca n’t be separated .
They are intricately locked together .
This is why he talked about agape love and not some sentimental love .
For King , love was militant .
He saw direct action and civil disobedience in the face of injustice as a political expression of love because it was healing the society .
It exposed its wounds and its hurt .
This accent on justice for the poor is what mainstream society wants to separate from King ’s understanding of love .
But for King , justice and love belong together . ”
Malcolm X , whose refusal to appeal to the white ruling class makes it impossible to turn him into an establishment icon , converged with King in the last months of his life .
But it would be wrong to look at this convergence as a domestication of Malcolm X. Malcolm influenced King as deeply as King influenced Malcolm .
These men each grasped at the end of their lives that the face of racism comes in many forms and that the issue was not simply sitting at a lunch counter with whites — blacks in the North could in theory do this — but being able to afford the lunch .
King and Malcolm were deeply informed by their faith .
They adhered to a belief system , one Christian and the other Muslim , which demanded strict moral imperatives and justice .
And because neither man sold out or compromised with the power elite , they were killed .
Should King and Malcolm have lived , they would have become pariahs .
King , when he began his calls for integration , argued that hard work and perseverance could make the American dream available for rich and poor , white and black .
King grew up in the black middle class , was well educated and culturally refined .
He admitted that until his early 20s , life had been wrapped up for him like “ a Christmas present . ”
He naively thought that integration was the answer .
He trusted , ultimately , in the white power structure to recognize the need for justice for all of its citizens .
He shared , as most in his college - educated black class did , the same value system and preoccupation with success as the whites with whom he sought to integrate .
But this was not Malcolm ’s America .
Malcolm grew up in urban poverty , dropped out of school in eighth grade , was shuttled between foster homes , abused , hustled on city streets and ended up in prison .
There was no evidence in his hard life of a political order that acknowledged his humanity or dignity .
The white people he knew did not exhibit a conscience or compassion .
And in the ghetto , where survival was a daily battle , nonviolence was not a credible option .
“ No , I ’m not an American , ” Malcolm said .
“ I ’m one of 22 million black people who are the victims of Americanism .
One of the … victims of democracy , nothing but disguised hypocrisy .
So I ’m not standing here speaking to you as an American , or a patriot , or a flag - saluter , or a flag - waver — no , not I !
I ’m speaking as a victim of this American system .
And I see America through the eyes of the victim .
I do n’t see any American dream ; I see an American nightmare ! ”
King , especially after he confronted the insidious racism in Chicago , came to appreciate Malcolm ’s insights .
He soon began telling Christians that “ any religion that professes to be concerned with the souls of men and is not concerned with the slums that damn them , the economic conditions that cripple them , is a spiritually moribund religion in need of new blood . ”
“ King began to see that Malcolm was right in what he was saying about white people , ” Cone told me .
“ Malcolm saw that white people did not have a conscience that could be appealed to to bring justice for African - Americans .
King realized that near the end of his life .
He began to call most whites ‘ unconscious racists . ’ ”
The crude racist rhetoric of the past is now considered impolite .
We pretend there is equality and equal opportunity while ignoring the institutional and economic racism that infects our inner cities and fills our prisons , where a staggering one in nine black men between the ages of 20 and 34 are incarcerated .
There are more African - American men behind bars than in college .
“ The cell block has replaced the auction block , ” the poet Yusef Komunyakaa writes .
The fact that prison and urban ghettos are populated primarily with people of color is not an accident .
It is a calculated decision by those who wield economic and political control .
For the bottom third of African - Americans , many of whom live in these segregated enclaves of misery and deprivation , little has changed over the past few decades ; indeed , life has often gotten worse .
In the last months of his life , King began to appropriate Malcolm ’s language , reminding listeners that the ghetto was a “ system of internal colonialism . ”
“ The purpose of the slum , ” King said in a speech at the Chicago Freedom Festival , “ is to confine those who have no power and perpetuate their powerlessness . …
The slum is little more than a domestic colony which leaves its inhabitants dominated politically , exploited economically , segregated and humiliated at every turn . ”
The chief problem is economic , King concluded , and the solution is to restructure the whole society .
Life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness were , as King and Malcolm knew , meaningless slogans if there was no possibility of a decent education , a safe neighborhood , a job or a living wage .
King and Malcolm were also acutely aware that the permanent war economy was directly linked to the perpetuation of racism and poverty at home and often abroad .
In a speech titled “ Beyond Vietnam ” he gave at Riverside Church a year before his assassination , King called America the “ greatest purveyor of violence in the world today , ” a quote that wo n’t make it into many Martin Luther King Day celebrations .
King ’s strident denunciation of the Vietnam War and economic injustice at the end of his life saw many white liberals , members of his own staff , as well as allies within the political power structure , turn against him .
King and Malcolm , in the final days of their lives , were lonely men .
“ There are many ways in which Malcolm ’s message is more relevant today , ” said Cone , who also wrote “ A Black Theology of Liberation . ”
“ King ’s message is almost entirely dependent on white people responding to his appeals for nonviolence , love and integration .
He depends on a positive response .
Malcolm spoke to black people empowering themselves .
He said to black people , ‘ You may not be responsible for getting yourself into the situation you are in , but if want to get out you will have to get yourself out .
The people who put you in there are not going to get you out . ’
King was appealing to whites to help get black people out .
But King gradually began to realize that African - Americans could not depend on whites as much as he had thought .
“ King did not speak to black self - hate and Malcolm did , ” Cone said .
“ King was a political revolutionary .
He transformed the social and political life of America .
You would not have Barack Obama today if it had not been for King .
Malcolm was a cultural revolutionary .
He did not change the social or political structures , but he changed how black people thought about themselves .
He transformed black thinking .
He made blacks love themselves at a time when they hated themselves .
The movement from being Negro and colored to being black , that ’s Malcolm .
Black studies in the universities and black caucuses , that ’s Malcolm .
King never would have done black studies .
He taught a course at Morehouse on social and political philosophers and did not include a black person .
He did n’t have W. E. B. Du Bois or Frederick Douglass .
None of them .
He had all the white figures like Plato and Aristotle .
Malcolm helped black people to love themselves . ”
King and Malcolm would have excoriated a nation that spends $ 3 trillion waging imperial wars in the Middle East and trillions more to fill the accounts of Wall Street banks while abandoning its poor .
They would have denounced the liberals who mouth platitudes about justice for the poor while supporting a party that slavishly serves the interests of the moneyed elite .
These American prophets spoke on behalf of people who had nothing left with which to compromise .
And for this reason they did not compromise .
“ You ca n’t drive a knife into a man ’s back nine inches , pull it out six inches , and call it progress , ” Malcolm said .
“ I ’ve decided what I ’m going to do , ” King preached at one of his last sermons at Ebenezer Baptist Church .
“ I ai n’t going to kill nobody in Mississippi … [ and ] in Vietnam .
I ai n’t going to study war no more .
And you know what ?
I do n’t care who does n’t like what I say about it .
I do n’t care who criticizes me in an editorial .
I do n’t care what white person or Negro criticizes me .
I ’m going to stick with the best .
On some positions , cowardice asks the question , ‘ Is it safe ? ’
Expediency asks the question , ‘ Is it politic ? ’
Vanity asks the question , ‘ Is it popular ? ’
But conscience asks the question , ‘ Is it right ? ’
And there comes a time when a true follower of Jesus Christ must take a stand that ’s neither safe nor politic nor popular but he must take that stand because it is right .
Every now and then we sing about it , ‘ If you are right , God will fight your battle . ’
I ’m going to stick by the best during these evil times . ”
I do n't know what his name is but it should be George .
Note : Since I first posted this , I added a performance test using the Python 2.6.4 codecs module .
This addition is highlighted in red .
When Python 3.0 was first released , I tried it out on a few things and walked away unimpressed .
By far , the big negative was the horrible I /O performance .
For instance , scripts to perform simple data analysis tasks like processing a web server log file were running more than 30 times slower than Python 2 .
Even though there were many new features of Python 3 to be excited about , the I/ O performance alone was enough to make me not want to use it --- or recommend it to anyone else for that matter .
Some time has passed since then .
For example , Python - 3.1.1 is out and many improvements have been made .
To force myself to better understand the new Python 3 I/O system , I 've been working on a tutorial Mastering Python 3 I/O for the upcoming PyCON '2010 conference in Atlanta .
Overall , I have to say that I 'm pretty impressed with what I 've found -- and not just in terms of improved performance .
Due to space constraints , I can't talk about everything in my tutorial here .
However , I thought I would share some thoughts about text - based I/O in Python 3.1 and discuss a few examples .
Just as a disclaimer , I show a few benchmarks , but my intent is not to do a full study of every possible aspect of text I /O handling .
I would strongly advise you to download Python 3.1.1 and perform your own tests to get a better feel for it .
Like many people , one of my main uses of Python is data processing and parsing .
For example , consider the contents of a typical Apache web server log :
75.54.118.139 - - [ 24/Feb/2008:00:15:42 -0600 ] " GET /favicon.ico HTTP/1.1 " 404 133 75.54.118.139 - - [ 24/Feb/2008:00:15:49 - 0600 ]
" GET / software.html HTTP/1.1 " 200 3163 75.54.118.139 - - [ 24/Feb/2008:00:16:10 - 0600 ]
" GET /ply/index.html HTTP/1.1 " 200 8018 213.145.165.82 - - [ 24/Feb/2008:00:16:19 - 0600 ]
" GET / ply / HTTP /1.1 " 200 8018 ...
Let 's look at a simple script that processes this file .
For example , suppose you wanted to produce a list of all URLs that have generated a 404 error .
Here 's a really simple ( albeit hacky ) script that does that :
error_404_urls = set ( ) for line in open ( " access -log " ) : fields = line.split( ) if fields [ - 2 ] == ' 404 ' : error_404_urls.add ( fields [ - 4 ] ) for name in error_404_urls : print ( name )
On my machine , I have a 325 MB log file consisting of 3649000 lines -- a perfect candidate for performing a few benchmarks .
Here are the numbers that you get running the above script with different Python versions .
UCS - 2 refers to Python compiled with 16 - bit Unicode characters .
UCS - 4 refers to Python compiled with 32 - bit Unicode characters ( the - - with - wide - unicode configuration option ) .
Also , in the interest of full disclosure , these tests were performed with a warm disk cache on a 2 GHZ Intel Core 2 Duo Apple Macbook with 4GB of memory under OS - X 10.6.2 ( Snow Leopard ) .
Python Version Time ( seconds ) 2.6.4 7.91s 3.0 125.42s 3.1.1 ( UCS - 2 ) 14.11s 3.1.1 ( UCs - 4 ) 17.32s
As you can see , Python 3.0 performance was an anomaly -- the performance of Python 3.1.1 is substantially better .
To better understand the I/O component of this script , I ran a modified test with the following code
for line in open ( " access -log " ) : pass
Here are the performance results for iterating over the file by lines :
Python Version Time ( seconds ) 2.6.4 1.50s 2.6.4 ( codecs , UTF - 8 ) 52.22s 3.0 105.87s 3.1.1 ( UCS - 2 ) 4.35s 3.1.1 ( UCs - 4 ) 6.11s
If you look at these numbers , you will see that the I/O performance of Python 3.1 has improved substantially .
It is also substantially faster than using the codecs module in Python 2.6 .
However , you 'll also observe that the performance is still quite a bit worse than the native Python 2.6 file object .
For example , in the table , iterating over lines is about 3 x slower in Python 3.1.1 ( UCS - 2 ) .
How can that be good ?
That 's 300 % slower !
Let 's talk about the numbers in more detail .
The decreased performance in Python 3 is almost solely due to the overhead of the underlying Unicode conversion applied to text input .
That conversion process involves two distinct steps :
Input data ( bytes ) has to be scanned and characters decoded according to some encoding ( UTF - 8 by default ) .
The decoded character data has to be stored as an array of multibyte integers that represent the associated string result .
The overhead of decoding is a direct function of how complicated the underlying codec is .
Although UTF - 8 is relatively simple , it 's still more complex than an encoding such as Latin - 1 .
Let 's see what happens if we try reading the file with " latin - 1 " encoding instead .
Here 's the modified test code :
for line in open ( " access -log " , encoding=' latin - 1 ' ) : pass
Here are the modified performance results that show an improvement :
Python Version Time ( seconds ) 3.1.1 ( UCS - 2 ) 3.64s ( was 4.35s ) 3.1.1 ( UCs - 4 ) 5.33s ( was 6.11s )
Lesson learned :
The encoding matters .
So , if you 're working purely with ASCII text , specifying an encoding such as ' latin - 1 ' will speed everything up .
Just so you know , if you specify ' ascii ' encoding , you get no improvement over UTF - 8 .
This is because ' ascii ' requires more work to decode than ' latin - 1 ' ( due to an extra check for bytes outside the range 0 - 127 in the decoding process ) .
At this point , you 're still saying that it 's slower .
Yes , even with a faster encoding , Python 3.1.1 is still about 2.5 x slower than Python 2.6.4 on this simple I /O test .
Is there anything that can be done about that ?
The short answer is " not really . "
Since Python 3 strings are Unicode , the process of reading a simple 8 - bit text file is always going to involve an extra process of converting and copying the byte - oriented data into the multibyte Unicode representation .
Just to give you an idea , let 's drop into C programming and consider the following program :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { FILE * f ; char bytes [ 256 ] ; f = fopen ( " access - log " , " r " ) ; while ( fgets ( bytes , 256 , f ) ) { //
Yes , hacky } }
This program does nothing more than iterate over lines of a file -- think of it as the ultimate stripped down version of our Python - 2.6.4 test .
If you run it , takes 1.13s to run on the same log file used for our earlier Python tests .
When you go to Python 3 , there is always extra conversion .
It 's like modifying the C program as follows :
#include < stdio.h > int main ( ) { FILE * f ; char bytes [ 256 ] , * c ; short unicode [ 256 ] , *u ; f = fopen ( " biglog.txt " , " r " ) ; while ( fgets ( bytes , 256 , f ) ) { c = bytes ; u = unicode ; while ( * c ) { /* Convert to Unicode */ *( u++) = ( short ) *( c++ ) ; } } }
Sure enough , if you run this modified C program , it takes about 1.7 seconds -- a nearly 50 % performance hit just from that extra copying and conversion step .
Minimally , Python 3 has to do the same conversion .
However , it 's also performing dynamic memory allocation , reference counting , and other low - level operations .
So , if you factor all of that in , the performance numbers start to make a little more sense .
You also start to understand why it might be really hard to do much better .
Now , should you care about all of this ?
Truthfully , most programs are probably not going to be affected by degraded text I / O performance as much as you think .
That 's because most interesting programs do far more than just I/O .
Go back and consider the original script that I presented .
On Python - 2.6.4 , it took 7.91s to execute .
If I go back and tune the script to use the more efficient ' latin - 1 ' encoding , it takes 13.8s with Python - 3.1.1 .
Yes , that 's about 1.75 x slower than before .
However , the key point is that it 's not 2.5 x slower as our earlier I /O tests would suggest .
The performance impact will become less and less as the script performs more non-IO related work .
Finally , let 's say that you still can't live with the performance degradation .
If you 're just working with simple ASCII data files , you might solve this problem by turning to binary I /O instead .
For example , the following script variant uses binary I/O and bytes for most of its processing -- only converting text to Unicode when absolutely necessary for printing .
error_404_urls = set ( ) for line in open ( " access - log " , " rb " ) : fields = line.split( ) if fields [ - 2 ] == b'404 ' : error_404_urls.add ( fields [ - 4 ] ) for name in error_404_urls : print( name.decode ( ' latin-1 ' ) )
If you run this final script , you find that it takes 8.22s in Python 3.1.1 -- which is only about 4 % slower than the Python - 2.6.4 .
How about that !
The bottom line is that Python - 3.1 is definitely worth a second look -- especially if you tried the earlier Python 3.0 release and were disappointed with its performance .
Although text - based I/ O is always going to be slower in Python 3 due to extra Unicode processing , it might not matter as much in practice .
Plus , binary I/O in Python 3 is still quite fast which means that you can turn to it as a last resort .
If you want to know more , attend my Mastering Python 3 I/O at PyCON '2010 or sign up for the Special Preview in Chicago .
Final Notes :
The UN Aid Mission to Afghanistan and the Afghan Independent Human Rights Commission reported that Afghan women demonstrated an increased interest in political matters , but voted in fewer numbers than men .
" Increased interest in political matters " is not defined , nor are any numbers given , so we may learn that women 's increased interest in political matters does not include an interest in voting themselves , but rather in having their male relatives vote by proxy .
In fact , an increased interest may not have anything to do with voting -- it may simply be evidence of a recognition of the connection between political matters and personal matters .
It may not even be statistically significant .
Regardless , an increase in interest is an increase in interest and we can add it to the positive developments list .
If Tip O'Neill is right and all politics are local , Afghanistan is not an exception to the rule : turnout for the provincial election was higher than for the presidential election .
A number of writers and commentators have argued the importance of Afghanistan 's tribal society .
As turnout suggests , Afghans place greater importance on / have a greater interest in their provincial government than their national government .
While research in gender and governance in developing countries is limited , there is some evidence that women 's involvement in local government leads to more equitable distribution of resources , and at least in the US , it is easier for women to participate in local government .
A shift in power from a corrupt central government plagued with difficulties to stronger provincial governments could allow women to play a greater role in governance .
Finally , the draft law to eliminate violence against women , endorsed by President Karzai , is under Parliamentary review , though it is unclear whether this law or the Shia Personal Status law would take precedence .
The Shia Personal Status law ( aka marital rape is fine , well unless the world objects , but if it gets Karzai reelected then cool ) .
Not a lot of good news in that piece of legislation .
However , the law eliminating violence against women is still in the pipeline , and that may supersede the Shia law .
What are the odds ?
Probably not good , but at least the Shia law is n't a done deal .
Yet .
Yes , there 's bad news .
Embassies in Kabul reported an increase in visa requests , attacks against the aid community are up , as are civilian casualties , and there are no indications that the security situation in late 2009 / early 2010 will improve .
However , the section on suicide attacks in Kabul notes that several attacks in Kabul were prevented by Afghan security institutions .
Did we hear about these successes ?
Did n't think so .
Cause if it bleeds it leads , and if it does n't , we 'll find something that does .
We hear too little about what 's going well , and probably too much about what 's going poorly .
Is it all sunshine and roses for women 's rights ?
No .
But it 's not all doom and gloom either .
Hoodie - Footie™ - Pink
We know how important your PajamaGram gift is , and we stand behind it 100 % .
We want you and the person receiving your gift to be completely satisfied .
One of the hottest gifts of the season , meet the original Hoodie - Footie !
In plush , heavyweight microfleece , the world - famous Hoodie - Footie is specially designed to deliver head - to - toe warmth .
see ?
and smart people get kittehs .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Jay Leno is going back to his 11:30 PM time slot , and it 's looking like Conan O'Brien is the odd man out ... sources tell TMZ .
We 've learned Jay 's 10:00 PM show will go on hiatus February 1 .
After the Olympics , Jay will take back his 11:30 PM time slot .
What has not been decided -- whether Jay 's show will be a half hour , followed by Conan , or whether Jay 's show will be an hour and NBC says sayonara to Mr. O'Brien .
We 're told Jay and Conan have both been told of the changes .
As for Jay , interestingly , he 'll get what he always wanted -- his 11:30 PM time slot .
SOMERSET —
Two miles deep in their latest tunnel , coal miner Steve Baker and his cohorts barely blink at underground hazards : a cavern collapsing behind them , explosive gas around their boots , roiling clouds of black dust .
But they dread the above - ground parrying of state and federal politicians over protection of the nation ’s forests .
Decisions expected soon by Gov. Bill Ritter and the Obama administration may threaten the miners ’ livelihoods — and the future of a traditional industry in western Colorado .
Once , the miners relied on bore holes drilled from the forest above to vent the explosive methane .
Today , new holes are prohibited — because holes require temporary roads through forests where roads have been banned .
Now , access to half their coal reserves is hung up , jeopardizing 1,000 jobs in this valley and survival of a half - dozen towns .
“ You ca n’t lock up the country and expect us to have jobs and businesses ! ” Baker said .
“ What are we going to do ?
We all going to sit home , draw unemployment ?
Be on the dole ? ”
The 353 miners employed in Oxbow Mining ’s Elk Creek mine , and 700 at neighboring coal mines , could become collateral damage in the debate in Denver and Washington , D.C. , over how to manage 58.4 million acres of national forest land .
The land was designated for protection as “ roadless ” in 2001 , when President Bill Clinton ordered a moratorium on new road - building in an effort to keep the last wild forests pristine .
Ritter is considering whether to forward to the federal government an alternative state plan for the 4.1 million national forest acres in Colorado — a plan that would make an exception for coal mining and for ski areas and towns threatened by wildfire that want to remove beetle - killed trees .
The state plan would remove protection from 457,000 acres the federal government wants to keep roadless , including land around these mines that already has roads on it , but provide protection for 410,000 acres in forests that the federal government initially was not proposing to include under the roadless designation .
National conservation groups — boosted by a 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruling — demand strict adherence to the 2001 Clinton rule .
Now , Ritter must decide whether to push the state plan — and miners ’ interests — as U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack moves toward a comprehensive national approach .
“ I hope ( Ritter ) decides soon .
Hope he does what ’s best for the working man , ” said John Ormsbee , 43 , ankle - deep in mud as he ran a machine churning coal in an underground cavern .
Federal courts may determine the extent to which states , or the federal government , can drive protection of forests .
The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals — facing arguments by the Colorado Mining Association and conservation groups — is poised to settle a challenge to a federal court decision that overturned the 2001 ban .
Leaders of conservation groups last week expressed little sympathy for miners .
“ When you ’re talking about jobs in Colorado and the West , it ’s not just about logging or mining or drilling anymore , ” said Jane Danowitz , director of the public lands program for the Pew Environment Group .
Danowitz called the plan that Ritter is considering “ shortsighted . ”
It would open pristine backcountry to “ industrial development , ” while “ increasingly , Colorado ’s financial well - being is driven by activities tied directly to protected landscapes . ”
She cited outdoor recreation that she said supports about 100,000 jobs and contributes $ 10 billion a year to Colorado ’s economy .
Still , few jobs in the Somerset - Delta - Paonia area match mining ’s $ 28 - an - hour wages .
Scores of miners sent letters to Ritter seeking support .
Conservationists , equally fervent , sent tens of thousands more .
The miners , and Oxbow Mining president James Cooper , worry that if temporary roads for de-gassing boreholes are banned , mining must end .
U.S. Rep. John Salazar , D - Colo. , is backing miners , pressing state and federal officials for decisions on proposals to drill new 8 - inch - diameter holes “ critical for safety . ”
If coal mines close , “ I ’d have to move away , ” said Tracy Pagone , a fourth - generation miner along with two brothers .
“ It ’s our life . . . .
They get roadless rules , we ’re done . ”
Three miners sipping Stop ‘N Save coffee before their shift recently contemplated the possibility of layoffs .
“ This is all I ’ve done , ” said Tommy Garcia , 33 , a father of three who pays $ 1,200 a month on his mortgage .
“ With a family , benefits are huge , and the mine pays our benefits . ”
Battling the black dust with a water hose , Baker , 50 , recalled how government invocation of eminent domain in the 1970s uprooted his father , a cattleman southwest of Denver .
The family moved .
Baker found work as a logger , until federal restrictions kicked in .
He turned to mining .
“ I lost one profession .
I see it coming for this one , ” Baker said .
“ What are these ‘ green jobs ’ going to be ?
Monitoring our locked - up areas ?
Standing in little guard shacks so nobody drives through ?
What are we all going to do if they keep shutting us down ? ”
Bruce Finley : 303-954-1700 or bfinley@denverpost.com
Most csukd be a szemed és képzeld el : egy kiürített , bontásra váró , lepukkant pesti bérház romos lépcsőházában mész felfelé a ki tudja , hányadik emeletre , mert azt hallottad , hogy valahol itt , a Fogasházban székel egy magyar független tudásközpont – egy igazi , működő hackerspace .
Hihetetlen … .
S ugye fogalmad sincs , mi az a hackerspace ?
Vigasztaljon az a tudat , hogy nem vagy egyedül .
Mi is csak annyit tudtunk előzetesen a hackerspace - ről , hogy érdekes hardver - és szoftverbuherációkat nézhetünk meg egy szombat délutáni program keretében .
Stef , a vendéglátónk – aki éjt nappallá téve szervezi a magyar hackerspace munkáját – némileg meglepődött , mikor nem sokkal a déli harangszó után , szinte elsőként , bekopogtunk a romház egyetlen zárral ellátott ajtaján .
Látva zavarunkat rögtön el is magyarázta intézményük jellegét , megtudtuk tőle , hogy ez egy olyan többé - kevésbé folyamatosan nyitva tartó hely , ahol őrült ötletekhez mentort , projekthez csapatot , munkához szerszámot , előadáshoz hallgatóságot , hallgatósághoz előadót , konyhai kísérletekhez experimentalista gourmandokat , csendes sarkot , jó tanácsot , inspirációt , barátokat lehet találni .
Egyetlen gáz van : ezért a jóságért tagdíjat kell fizetni , de bárkit , aki idetalál , taggá fogadnak .
Nagyon fontos tétel : nem pályáznak állami pénzre , nem kérnek uniós forrásokat , ez a közösség deklaráltan önfenntartó szervezet , s az kíván maradni a jövőben is .
Stef a célokról is részletesen beszámolt , amit videón rögzítettünk , és egyben megpróbáltuk érzékeltetni a hely szellemiségét is .
Röviden magáról a szervezetről : a Wikipédia szerint a hackerspace - koncepció alapján több száz kreatív műhely működik sikeresen a világban .
Bár a hacker kifejezés használata azt sugallhatja , hogy ezekben a műhelyekben a fókusz az informatikai biztonságra van beállítva , de ez nem egészen így van .
A hackerspacekben egy kis túlzással – a biokutatásokon át egészen a rakétakísérletekig – minden bütykölhető dolgot megpiszkálnak .
A koncepció sokat merít az elmúlt évek szabad szoftveres fejleszt őközösségek működési mintáiból , s olyan elismert tagjai vannak már a hálózatnak , mint a berlini c-base vagy a bécsi Metalab .
Amit a Fogasban láttunk , lenyűgöző volt : egy igazi kockabázisra leltünk , ahol teaidőre már ki lehetett volna tenni a „ megtelt ” táblát .
A valaha tisztes polgári lakás helyiségeiben beindultak a végeláthatatlannak tűnő beszélgetések , ötletezések , számítógépeken lévő fejlesztések , valamint a futó projektek bemutatása – s eközben a konyhában és az udvaron javában készültek a remek ételek a vacsorához .
Velünk voltak a szomszédos országok hackerspace - szervezői is , tőlük tapasztalatokat lehetett begyűjteni az osztrák , szlovák , cseh és román szervezetek munkáiról .
Érdekes előadások követték egymást , s az esti thisplay hackinget követően pedig zene , zene , zene ... , a kellemes szombati program zárásaként .
A szürke romházat estére mintha egy varázsütés érte volna , újra életre kelt , és a színes fények már-már széppé varázsolták az elhagyott épületet .
Ismét megérezhettük , amire mostanság ritkán van alkalom : milyen fontos és inspiráló tud lenni egy jó társaság , egy valódi civil szerveződés , egy hasznos program , no meg az önmegvalósító értékteremtés .
Krasznay Csaba - Krasznay Endre
Editor ’s note : Today , Mozilla released the third Firefox for Maemo Release Candidate .
Check out Director of Mobile , Stuart Parmenter ’s blog post reposted below .
We ’re excited to bring you the third release candidate of Firefox for Maemo .
Since RC2 , we fixed several usability bugs that were found , as well as addressed a number of performance issues .
Based on feedback we ’ve received so far , we were able to find and fix several crash bugs .
To improve page load times and responsiveness , we tuned a number of preferences and improved several algorithms .
We ’ve sped up zooming and made our panning even better .
If you ’ve already got RC2 installed on your N900 or N810 , you will be receiving a software update shortly .
Otherwise , if you ’re viewing this on your device , you can install it from here .
We ’ve decided to disable plugin ( not to be confused with add - ons , which are supported ) support for this release .
The Adobe Flash plugin used on many sites degraded the performance of the browser to the point where it did n’t meet our standards .
If you wish to enable our experimental plugin support , you will be able to manually via about : config , but do so at your own risk .
We are working on an add - on that will allow the user to have control of which sites to enable plugins for , as some sites , like YouTube , do work quite well .
As always , we ’re looking for feedback and suggestions .
The way that Republican governors made a fuss last year about accepting stimulus dollars , and their continued uproar about growing deficits , it 's worth another reminder that the most Republican states also get the most money from the federal government over what they put in .
Here 's a chart put together by a reader showing that , since 1981 , some of the most conservative states have been the biggest beneficiaries of federal spending .
The 48 blue marks ( the chart leaves off Hawaii and Alaska ) show how much federal funding each state receives beyond what it pays in federal taxes .
The seventeen states marked with the small blue dot pay more taxes than they receive in spending ( see the lower - left ) .
The thirty - one larger circles mark states that receive more spending than they pay in taxes .
The size of the circle is proportional to the ratio of federal spending in to taxes out ( the biggest being West Virginia , New Mexico , Louisiana , etc ) .
The X and Y axis measure social and economic conservatism .
( To see a larger version of the chart click here . )
Iran has arrested seven people linked to a Farsi - language radio station funded in part by the United States , accusing them of fomenting unrest .
According to the Associated Press , the Official Iranian News Agency and state radio both cited a statement by the Iranian Intelligence Ministry which claimed the seven individuals were trained outside of Iran in sabotage , spreading rumors and overthrowing a government by soft means .
ADVERTISEMENT
The suspects were not identified and it is unclear exactly when they were arrested .
Iran may be merely trying to discredit the opposition , as opposition protests are expected to swell throughout the streets again on Feb. 11 as Iran marks the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution .
Anti-government demonstrations in Tehran on Dec. 27 turned bloody .
At least eight people were killed that day and security forces arrested hundreds more during the most violent clashes since Iran ’s disputed presidential election last June .
Western powers have been accused of fueling the rage directed at the country ’s clerical regime , purportedly to bring about regime change without military action .
The US - sponsored Radio Farda , or “ Radio Tomorrow ” is the Farsi - language service of Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty , based in Prague , Czech Republic and Washington , DC .
ADVERTISEMENT
Created in 1994 , the Broadcast Board of Governors oversees all of the US government ’s non-military international broadcasting outlets , including Radio Free Europe , Alhurra TV , Radio Sawa , Radio Free Asia , TV Marti and Voice of America .
The BBG ’s mission is to “ promote and sustain freedom and democracy by broadcasting accurate and objective news and information about the US and the world to overseas audiences . ”
The last time the organization was in the news , Dana Perino , the first Republican woman to serve as White House press secretary , was appointed to the BBG by President Barack Obama in Nov. 2009 .
With $ 5 billion in stimulus money going to weatherize homes , The New York Times is asking how much of that is pork .
Since the 1970s , the federal government has provided funding to help low - income residents keep heating bills down by plugging holes and beefing up insulation .
The winterizing program makes both economic and ecological sense , considering that heating an average house costs $ 1,188 per year and , nationwide , heating sends 358 million metric tons of climate - warming carbon dioxide gas into the atmosphere ...
ZURICH ( Reuters ) - A millionaire motorist clocked up a record fine of 299,000 Swiss francs ( $ 290,000 ) after Swiss police caught him racing through a village at 100 km per hour in his red Ferrari Testarossa , Swiss media reported on Thursday .
A court in the northeastern Swiss canton of St Gallen gave the millionaire the hefty penalty , which outstripped the previous record of 111,000 francs handed a Porsche driver in 2008 in Zurich , after a string of previous traffic offences .
“ The accused ignored elementary traffic rules with a powerful vehicle out of a pure desire for speed , ” the court said in its judgment of the motorist , who clocked speeds of up to 137 km per hour on country roads , said daily Blick .
The St Gallen Cantonal Court ordered the man to dip into his 23.3 million franc fortune , which included a villa with a garage containing five luxury cars .
Court officials said they could not immediately confirm details of the case .
In October , St Gallen police pulled over another speeding motorist after he committed 15 traffic offences in 10 minutes , including driving on the hard shoulder , jumping a red light and failing to stop for police .
Kurt Haskell is an attorney .
He and his wife were in Amsterdam that day after a safari and Kurt witnessed the underwear bomber ( Umar Farouk Abdul Mutallab ) before the flight being aided by what Haskell described to be an older Indian gentleman who was well dressed .
( emphasis mine )
But Obama and his advisors should be urged to consider a third explanation far more plausible than either of these .
This third explanation would include the desire of a rogue network inside the US government to unleash a new wave of Islamophobic hysteria to rehabilitate the discredited “ global war on terror ” strategy in a new and more sophisticated form , while imposing a new round of outrageous and degrading search procedures at airports ( such as the full body scanners peddled by the venal Michael Chertoff ) to soften up the American people for heightened totalitarian control and political repression .
All of this , moreover , in ways that will be politically harmful to Obama .
Mutallab had been denied a visa to enter the United Kingdom , despite the fact that his family owned a luxury apartment in London ’s West End .
His name had been placed on the UK watch list .
Mutallab ’s father , a prominent Nigerian banker , personally denounced him to the CIA and the State Department as a possible extremist who was then in Yemen , most probably at a training camp .
Nevertheless , Mutallab ’s visa was not revoked .
Mutallab had met the infamous Anwar Awlaki , who had just received a wave of publicity for his relations with Major Hasan the Fort Hood patsy .
Chatter from the Yemen patsy milieu monitored by the US contained references to “ the Nigerian ” – meaning Mutallab .
Mutallab paid cash for his ticket in Ghana , checked no luggage , and entered Nigeria illegally , but was nevertheless permitted to embark on the first leg of his mission .
( emphasis mine )
" Happy new year .
Are n't you tired of all the false - flag attacks ?
" That 's what I want to say to people .
I certainly think it would be a conversation - starter , but probably not the kind I 'd want .
I imagine I 'd spend much of the time explaining that I 'm not crazy .
I think you have to be crazy to think that a guy can slip through our ridiculous airport security even though he had every red flag in the book blinking around him , including being ratted out by his own dad as a potential terrorist .
Yeah , I 'm talking about that tool , Mutallab the Underwear Bomber or whatever we 're calling him .
This whole episode stinks to high heaven .
There is a big part of the story that the media is not focusing on : Who was this sharp - dressed man ( besides a ZZtop fan ) ?
No doubt he was Mutallab 's handler .
Since Mutallab is a classic patsy , he has the intelligence ( and loyalty ) of a particularly gullible puppy .
He needs help dressing , tying his shoes , boarding flights ... and making his bombs work , too .
( Thank Allah for that ! )
Webster Tarpley has a good analysis of this event and the importance of it in the geopolitical sense .
Long story short : Certain parties are trying to involve us in yet another war against yet another Islamic country .
Yemen , this time .
But this Underwear Bombing farce is a double - edged sword ; it provides Obama and those who are opposed to this rogue
Anglo terror network a chance to follow the clues back to the real puppetmasters , and perhaps even reveal the existence of the moles and their shadow government to the American people .
That may be a bridge too far , but these false flag terror attacks a getting increasingly ridiculous and unbelievable .
Are we really supposed to believe that Mutallab was alloweded to fly without the intervention of a politically - connected CIA " handler " ?
This man was practically a walking , talking , blinking red flag .
The excuse that got him past security -- without a passport -- was that he was a Sudanese refugee .
But nevermind that ; Mutallab was the son of a wealthy Nigerian banker .
His own father pointed him out as a threat to the CIA and what did they do ?
Nothing .
It sure seems like the infiltrated CIA is only concerned with getting more power to interfere with our lives , not doing their job with the considerable power they already have .
This is the classic false flag mindset ; it 's right out of the playbook the neocons used after 9/11 .
Instead of blaming Bush for the security lapses they screamed that Bush needed more power to intercept these terrorists .
Never mind that there was ample warning ( " Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S. " ) .
There was also a condescending dismissal of the importance of the warning and related intelligence :
We 've known for years now that George W. Bush received a presidential daily briefing on Aug. 6 , 2001 , in which he was warned : " Bin Laden Determined to Strike in U.S. "
We 've known for almost as long that Bush went fishing afterward .
What we did n't know is what happened in between the briefing and the fishing , and now Suskind is here to tell us .
Bush listened to the briefing , Suskind says , then told the CIA briefer : " All right .
You 've covered your ass , now . "
Neocons and their rogue network within the government are not interested in stopping terror , only creating it .
They use false flag attacks to gradually expand their powerbase while counting on the zero-sum nature of politcal power to drain their enemies of power .
We are their enemies , unless we are their ( straight Republican - ticket - voting ) patsies .
Do n't be a patsy .
The neocons will keep doing it until they get caught .
And as they get increasingly desperate the attacks may grow more deadly .
Please do your part and speak up so the public is primed to absorb this startling information .
I already have to take off my shoes at the airport , which is bad enough .
Are soon going to have to fly commando - style ?
Trust me , people , you do not want me taking off my stinky skivvies at the airport security scanner in front of you .
Do yourself a favor and stop this joyless game before the next false - flag patsy sticks a bomb up his ass and we all have to get a public rectal exam to board a flight home .
Labels : Bush , CIA , conspiracy , false flag , neocons , Obama , Shadow Government , terror
At home with the kids ?
Instantly access any of these
Instantly access any of these printable activity bundles to keep them learning !
Bacon - Wrapped Steak Recipe
Mmmm…bacon… .
One way to make bacon even more delicious is to wrap it around a nice juicy steak .
That ’s exactly what we ’ve done with this recipe which is sure to be a crowd pleaser in any home .
This steak recipe is truly one of those special meals .
Bacon wrapped filet with a garlic butter sauce is elegance and taste in every bite .
Cooks may think this dish would be difficult to make , but with a little bit of patience and careful use of the tongs for searing , it can be quite simple to prepare .
Yet , it will seem quite impressive when you serve it to your guests .
The aroma of the bacon and the garlic butter cannot be beat .
Roasting the garlic enhances its flavor .
The use of kosher salt , with its distinct essence also makes a difference .
Originally this type of salt was used for curing meats due to it being larger and coarser than table salt which increases its ability to hold moisture .
It is now becoming a favorite used in kitchens across the nation .
To get the perfect grill on your steak , remove it from the refrigerator before grilling allowing it to reach room temperature .
Grilling it when it is cold will increase the chances that it will remain cold in the middle .
When cooking , you want to aim for a rare to medium rare cook , so meat remains tender .
Turn it every minute to get a nice and even .
Bacon should also be brought to room temperature before grilling .
Then , add strips to a cold frying pan , cook until they reach their desired crispness and drain on a paper towel .
Follow the recipe as directed to put everything together .
Then serve with mac n’ cheese , potatoes and / or veggies for a high end dish that is surprisingly easy to prepare .
Ingredients :
12 large garlic cloves , peeled
1/4 cup olive oil
3 Tablespoons unsalted butter , cut into small chunks
Kosher salt
3 1/2 teaspoons chopped chives
1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme leaves
4 ( 6- to 7 - ounce ) filet steaks , about 1 inch thick
4 very thin slices of lean bacon
6 - inch wooden skewers or toothpicks , soaked in water 10 minutes and patted dry
Directions :
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees F . Place peeled garlic and olive oil in 1 - cup , ovenproof ramekin , soufflé dish or custard cup .
Cover dish tightly with aluminum foil and place in oven .
2. Roast on center rack until garlic is golden and very tender and soft when pierced with knife , about 30 minutes ( start checking cloves after 20 minutes and then every 5 minutes until done ) .
3 . With slotted spoon , remove garlic from bowl and reserve oil .
Place garlic , 1 1/2 teaspoons of the reserved oil , butter and 1/8 teaspoon salt in food processor or blender and process , pulsing machine on and off for 30 seconds or less until garlic is coarsely chopped and blended with butter and oil .
4. Transfer garlic butter to small bowl and stir in 2 teaspoons of the chives .
( Garlic butter can be prepared 1 day ahead .
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate .
Bring to room temperature 30 minutes before ready to use . )
5 . When ready to cook steaks , oil a grill rack and prepare grill .
In small bowl , stir together 1 teaspoon kosher salt , coarsely ground black pepper and thyme .
Rub both sides of each filet with some of this seasoning .
6 . Wrap each steak around its sides with 1 slice of bacon .
Skewer bacon in place with wooden skewer or with 2 to 3 toothpicks .
7. Grill steaks until lightly charred on the outside and until bacon is cooked , about 5 minutes per side for medium - rare .
When done , remove steaks from fire and place on warm serving plate .
Remove toothpicks .
8 . Top each steak with 1 generous pat of roasted garlic butter and sprinkle with some of remaining chives .
Butter will start to melt and season the steaks .
Serve immediately .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japanese main cosmetics firms ’ bet that their women customers will pay top dollar for anti-aging creams have paid off and now all three may shift strategies to focus on recession - proof luxury items .
A japanese beauty expert demonstrates her skills at her salon in Tokyo March 2 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
Shiseido Co Ltd , Kao Corp and Kose Corp , Japan ’s three biggest cosmetics firms , each launched a new 120,000 yen ( $ 1,316 ) face cream since August 2008 despite the country ’s economic slump , with enough success for them to upgrade their bullish views on demand for high - end products .
All three are now reviewing their strategies to focus more on luxury items instead of the mid-priced segment , the traditional center of demand .
“ It will be crucial for them to offer appealing , value - added products for those women in their 40s and older , who make up a big part of Japan ’s population and have the money to spend , ” said Katsuro Hirozumi , an analyst at Daiwa Securities SMBC .
“ High - end products in Japan could also serve for wealthy Chinese women , if cosmetics companies can find a way to promote the use of beauty care products among people who do not have a habit of using such products , ” he said .
Each of the firms says their cream has topped targeted sales , although they do not unveil exact amounts .
The rival creams are sold in 40 to 50 grams sizes and target anti-aging effects .
Prices of items priced 5,000 yen or higher account for roughly 20 percent of total Japanese cosmetics business sales at Shiseido and nearly 40 percent at Kose .
Nomura Securities analyst Kyoichiro Shigemura says the demand from Japanese women in their 40s is polarizing into high and low - price segments and a strategy to introduce higher value , high - price items was especially important .
“ Kao ’s flagship brand Sofina is doing poorly because its products are in the mid-price segment .
It will be important for Kao to capitalize on Kanebo , ” he said .
In 2006 , Kao bought Kanebo , which is focused more on the high - end market .
Shigemura has a bullish rating on Kao , he said , citing the strength of its core toiletry product business for helping counter the poor performance of its cosmetics business .
He is neutral on Shiseido ’s performance in the next 12 months but says its recent steps to strengthen its high - price segment business , should help the company over the longer run .
Shares of Shiseido have outperformed Kao and Kose since the start of the year , with Shiseido gaining 2 percent , Kao losing 20 percent and Kose falling 15 percent .
The Nikkei stock average has edged up 20 percent .
Kao , which takes orders for its made - to - order Kanebo Twany Cellrhythm cream in summer for delivery in November every year , said it logged the same size of sales this year on a renewed Cellrhythm cream as last year , despite the financial crisis .
“ We are surprised by the strong sales of the cream , as well as our other items priced over 5,000 yen , ” Kao president Motoki Ozaki said , adding Kao was now reviewing its business model .
OF A CERTAIN AGE
The recession - proof buying power lies with women in their 40s and older .
“ Unlike in Europe and the United States , it ’s not a certain class of people who are buying such luxury products .
It ’s ordinary women in their 40s and older , ” said Tomoyuki Yamazumi , a researcher at think tank Fuji Keizai .
“ These generations acquired a taste and eye for quality beauty - care during the economic bubble .
They now have more money to spend ( due to Japan ’s seniority - based salary system ) , and even if they have to cut spending , these smart shoppers will spend less on other items to buy a few of the best cosmetics products . ”
Shiseido said a rise in the number of women earning over 10 million yen a year and women with a household income of over 20 million yen led the industry - wide sales of cosmetics products priced over 20,000 yen to grow 24 percent between 2004 and 2007 .
Analysts said the industry ’s demand structure would likely shift in favor of high - price items , due to a demographic change and a likely lack of major income growth .
With their high - end products , these firms could also compete better with such global brands as Beiersdorf AG ’s La Prairie and Procter & Gamble Co ’s SK - II , they said .
Among foreign rivals , La Prairie brought an even pricier Cellular Creme Platinum facial cream to Japan in April , reaching the company ’s half - year sales target of 300 units for the product in just two weeks , according to the company .
Consumers , however , are not buying everything .
“ Consumers have money but are increasingly selective in spending because of economic uncertainties .
... they seem to have become more conscious about what part of themselves they want to invest in , ” said Hiroshi Kanda , executive vice president at Kao .
Fuji Keizai forecast industry sales of high - price cosmetics products at 598 billion yen next year from an estimated 594 billion yen this year , with its share of the shrinking overall cosmetics market rising to 27 percent .
( $ 1=91.18 Yen )
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " My security access was accidentally canceled and now I 'm a fugitive . "
The Boss says , " Can you teach me to be as useless as you are so I 'm invisible for all practical purposes ? "
Guard says , " I hear breathing but it must be the HVAC system . "
Wally says , " Be the cubicle . "
Dragon
Age players , meet Anders , the freedom - craving , magic - using , troublemaking new companion who'll be joining your party in the Dragon Age : Origins – Awakenings expansion pack .
Most mages get sent to the Circle Tower at a young age , never really knowing much about the outside world before being confined under the watchful eye of the Chantry .
Anders did n't make it to the tower until adolescence , so he knows what he 's missing , trapped with all of the other " dangerous " magic - users , and he wants out .
And a good meal .
And perhaps a lady or two .
Advertisement
You 'll likely be instrumental in making Anders ' dreams come true when Dragon Age : Origins – Awakenings hits stores next month .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Deer Creek Middle School math teacher David Benke was doing parking lot duty as school was letting out when he heard what he thought were firecrackers .
It was the sound of gunfire .
Benke , a 57 - year - old teacher who has been at the school for a decade and whom students call “ Dr. Benke , ” walked toward the sound and saw a man stooped over a rifle filling the chamber with another round .
“ Unfortunately , I was n’t able to grab him before he got a second shot off , ” Benke said from his home in Littleton .
“ I grabbed him , and I think he dropped the gun .
Basically we danced around . ”
Another math teacher , Norm Hanne , ran into the fray and wrestled with the shooter , Hanne on top and Benke on the bottom .
A third teacher , Becky Brown , came and grabbed the gun .
Hanne declined to comment ; Brown could not be reached .
After being subdued , the shooter “ said he was going to sue us , ” Benke recalled .
Benke , once a finalist for Colorado Teacher of the Year , is being hailed as a hero .
But he shrugs that off , beating himself up over not being able to stop the second shot , which injured one of his former students .
“ I have a couple former students , one of whom works for either the Golden Police Department or Jeffco and one who is a 911 dispatcher — they are the ones who are heroes , ” he said .
“ The thing that gets me upset is he got a second round off . ”
Benke said he merely walked briskly , as a teacher does , toward a man with a gun .
Reflecting on it hours later , Benke said it was stupid .
“ After I figured out that he had a gun and that it was n’t a firecracker , I realized that it was a bolt - action rifle and I could n’t get him , ” he said .
“ I kind of figured it out as I was walking toward him . ”
Later , Benke called his wife , which he does n’t normally do after school , when he typically tutors students at the highly rated middle school .
Benke wanted to tell her he was OK and that it was one of his former students — an eighth - grader now — who was shot .
“ He was n’t injured .
David is 6 - foot - 5 . Thank goodness that he was the guy there , ” Sandra Benke said .
“ He was all calm .
Then his voice broke .
I was the one who was freaking out .
I was just in shock .
I ’m so relieved that he is OK .
I am worried about the student and the students who saw this . ”
Sheriff ’s officials praised the teachers who subdued the shooter .
“ I think when it ’s all said and done , we ’ll find there are some heroes in our midst at the school , ” said Jacki Kelley , spokeswoman for the Jefferson County Sheriff ’s Office .
“ If it was n’t for him , you ’d have a worse situation , ” said bus driver Steve Potter .
“ He risked everything . ”
Roughly three hours after the shooting , a Facebook page had been created — Dr. David Benke Is A Hero !!!!
By 11 p.m. , the page had more than 7,100 members .
Commenters praised Benke ’s actions outside the school building .
“ What you did for those kids today goes beyond heroism .
You saved lives plain and simple , ” wrote Mistie Lamb .
Neighbors came to Benke ’s doorway to drop off cards of thanks .
Neighbor Sandy Rinow said she was proud of Benke , who is a neighborhood champion , sharing food from his garden , organizing cul - de-sac parties and playing with his kids .
“ I guess I could n’t know he would do something like this , but I guess it would n’t surprise me , ” she said , adding she has always been impressed that Benke , with a Ph.D. , opts to teach middle school math .
“ I just think that ’s amazing to even know a hero , ” she said .
“ You never think you ’re going to know anybody .
You can really see that he cares about his kids .
He ’s a normal , everyday guy . ”
Jefferson County Public Schools Superintendent Cindy Stevenson also lauded the actions .
“ We do extensive training , but sometimes courage takes over , ” she said .
“ There are amazing , courageous employees that performed with incredible heroism and strength .
We are fortunate that we had people who sprang into action and saved the lives of several children . ”
Benke has a doctorate and has taught for about 25 years , teaching also in Gilpin County and in Texas , his wife said .
Staff writers Carlos Illescas and Kevin Vaughan contributed to this report .
Jeremy P. Meyer : 303-954-1367 or jpmeyer@denverpost.com
University of Bielefeld - Faculty of technology Networks and distributed Systems
Research group of Prof. Peter B. Ladkin , Ph.D. Back to Abstracts of References and Incidents Back to Root
Excerpt from the Case Study of
The Space Shuttle Primary Control System Communications of the ACM 27( 9 ) , September 1984 , p886
[ The Space Shuttle Primary Control Software was developed by IBM's Federal Systems Division , which recently became the Loral Federal Systems Division and now is owned by Lockheed - Martin .
This is a delightful tale of - inadvertent - software debugging .
The interview of Tony Macina , then manager of flight operations for IBM's On - Board Space Shuttle Program , and Jack Clemons , then manager of avionics flight software development and verification , was conducted by David Gifford and Alfred Spector .
PBL ]
AS : Could you describe a training scenario on the SMS [ the Shuttle Mission Simulator ] that caused a problem for you ?
Clemons : Yes - it was a " bad- news - good - news " situation .
In 1981 , just before STS - 2 was scheduled to take off , some fuel was spilled on the vehicle and a number of tiles fell off .
The mission was therefore delayed for a month or so .
There was n't much to do at the Cape , so the crew came back to Houston to put in more time on the SMS .
One of the abort simulations they chose to test is called a " Transatlantic abort , " which supposes that the crew can neither return to the launch site nor go into orbit .
The objective is to land in Spain after dumping some fuel .
The crew was about to go into this dump sequence when all four of our flight computer machines locked up and went " catatonic " .
Had this been the real thing , the Shuttle would probably have had difficulty landing .
This kind of scenario could only occur under a very specific and unlikely combination of physical and aerodynamic conditions ; but there it was :
Our machines all stopped .
Our greatest fear had materialized - a generic software problem .
We went off to look at the problem .
The crew was rather upset , and they went off to lunch .
AS : And contemplated their future on the next mission ?
Clemons :
We contemplated our future too .
We analyzed the dump and determined what had happened .
Some software in all four machines had simultaneously branched off into a place where there was n't any code to branch off into .
This resulted in a short loop in the operating system that was trying to field and to service repeated interrupts .
No applications were being run .
All the displays got a big X across them indicating that they were not being serviced .
AS : What does that indicate ?
Macina :
The display units are designed to display a large X whenever the I/O traffic between the PASS computers and the display is interrupted .
Clemons :
We pulled four or five of our best people together , and they spent two days trying to understand what had happened .
It was a very subtle problem .
We started outside the module with the bad branch and worked our way backward until we foudn the code that was responsible .
The module at fault was a multi- purpose piece of code that could be used to dump fuel at several points of the trajectory .
In this particular case , it had been invoked the first time during ascent , had gone through part of its process , and was then stopped by the crew .
It had stopped properly .
Later on , it was invoked again from a different point in the software , when it was supposed to open the tanks and dump some additional fuel .
There were some counters in the code , however , that had not been reinitialized .
The module restarted , thinking it was on its first pass .
One variable that was not reinitialized was a counter that was being used as the basis for a GOTO .
THe code was expecting this counter to have a value between 1 and X , say , but because the counter was not reinitialized , it started out with a high value .
Eventually the code encountered a value beyond the expected range , say X+1 , which caused it to branch out of its logic .
It was an " uncomputed " GOTO .
Until we realized that the code had been called a second time , we could n't figure out how the counter could return a value so high .
We have always been careful to analyze out processes whenever we 've done something that 's let a discrepancy get out .
We are , after all , supposed to deliver error - free code .
We noticed that this discrepancy resembled three or four previous ones we had seen in more benign conditions in other code modules .
In these earlier cases , the code had always involved a module that took more than one pass to finish processing .
These modules had all been interrupted and did n't work correctly when they were restarted .
An example is the opening of the Shuttle vent doors .
A module initially executes commands to open these doors and then passes .
A second pass checks to see if the doors actually did open .
A third pass checks to see how long time has run or whether it has received a signal to close the doors again , etc .
Important status is maintained in the module between passes .
AS : Is n't flight control multipass ?
Clemons : Yes , in a broad sense .
But every pass through flight control looks like every other .
We go in and sample data , and based on that data , we make some decision and take action .
We do n't wait for any set number of passes through flight control to occur .
For the STS - 2 problem , we took three of our people , all relatively fresh from school , gave them these discrepancy reports ( DRs ) from similar problems , and asked for help .
We were looking for a way to analyze modules that had these multiple - pass characteristics systematically .
After working for about a week and a half , they developed a list of seven questions that they felt would have a high probability of trapping these kinds of problems .
To test the questions , we constructed a simple experiment :
We asked a random group of analysts and programmers to analyze a handful of modules , some with these types of discrepancies , some without .
They found every one of the problems , and gave us several false alarms into the bargain .
We were confident that they had found everything .
We then called everybody in our organisation together and presented these results .
We asked them to use these seven questions to " debug " all of our modules , and ended up finding about 35 more potential problems , which we turned into potential DRs .
In many instances , we had to go outside IBM to find out whether these discrepancies could really occur .
The final result was a total of 17 real discrepancy reports .
Of those , only one would have had a serious effect .
It turned out that this one problem originated during a sequence of events that occurred during countdown .
A process was invoked that could be interrupted if there was a launch hold .
The only way it would be reset to its correct initialization values was if a signal was sent from the ground when the launch process was restarted .
We incorrectly assumed that this signal was always sent .
Had we not found this problem , we would have lost safety chacking on the solid rocket boosters during ascent .
We patched this one for STS - 2 right away .
In retrospect , we took a very bad situation and turned it into something of a success story .
We felt very good about it .
This was the first time we'd been able to analyze this kind of error systematically .
It 's one thing to find logic errors , but in a system as complex as this , there are a lot of things that are difficult to test for .
Despite a veritable ocean of test cases , the combination of requirements acting in concert under certain specific conditions is very difficult to identify , let alone test .
There 's a need for more appropriate kinds of analysis .
Back to top
Back to ` Computer - Related Incidents ' Compendium .
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
Update :
Thanks to everyone for weighing in about the infographic .
The data used was given to us on an exclusive basis from analytics firm Flurry .
Indeed , three - quarters of the apps in the App Store are “ paid apps , ” which was used to calculate the average app price and the subsequent revenue figures in the previous version .
However , only one - quarter of the apps actually downloaded are “ paid apps , ” so the average price per transaction ( paid + free downloads ) is actually much lower than the average app price in the store .
The graphic has been updated to reflect this price .
Also , some of the averages in the Flurry data were calculated using projected user numbers from the first quarter 2010 ; that has been corrected to reflect only data up to the end of the year .
For clarification purposes , here is the math :
According to Flurry , Average listed price of a paid app : $ 3.63
74 % of apps listed in the app store are paid .
Average listed price of an app ( including free ) : 3.63 x .74 = 2.70 ( with rounding )
Only 1/4 of downloaded apps are paid .
Average price paid for an app ( including free ) : 3.63 X .25 = .91
While we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information contained in our posts , sometimes errors make their way onto our site , and this was one of them .
We deeply regret any confusion this may have caused .
Please accept our apologies .
best , Om
[ digg=http://digg.com/apple/Apple_The_App_Store_Economy_INFOGRAPHIC]
Related GigaOM Pro Research Report : Surveying the Mobile App Store Landscape
Graphic courtesy of Column Five Media
[ flash https://ceramics.org/ceramictechtoday/wp-content/video/aspen_aerogel_demo.flv mode=1 f={image=/ceramictechtoday/wp-content/video/aspen_aerogel_demo.jpg} ]
GreenTech reported that some aerogel companies are offering thin blankets that serve as replacements for traditional fiberglass , foam or cellulose insulation .
It ’s still more expensive upfront but the costs have fallen to the point that it can make sense in certain cases , particularly masonry or curved walls .
The video posted above shows aerogel insulation over bent tubing .
Aerogels are made by removing the liquid from gels , resulting in a material that is more than 90 percent air .
The porous structure of the nanomaterial makes it difficult for heat to pass through .
As a result , aerogels make very good and light - weight insulators .
Aspen Aerogels says that its aerogel blankets have two to four times the insulating value per inch compared to fiberglass or foam .
It ’s also relatively easy to work with , allows water vapor to pass through and is fire resistant .
Material company Cabot has also developed its Nanogel insulator for buildings .
Another company , ThermaBlok , has had its insulation used in demonstration houses built during last year ’s Solar Decathlon home competition .
Contractors have started using the material on superinsulated homes that are sealed from the outside , both over masonry and under shingles .
On wood frame homes , thin strips of aerogel can be applied to studs to prevent what ’s called thermal bridging , where heat escapes through the walls ’ framing .
Aspen provides this chart for for the R - value - philes ( Spaceloft being Aspen ’s brand name for their building insulation aerogel ) :
Read more about aerogel :
Aerogel markets report available
Aerogel - based - 40 °C hydration system to be licensed
Solar Decathlon entries make use of aerogel
Aeroclay research at Case Western
NASA ’s aerogel grid captures amino acid in space
Cabot ”s Nanogel aerogel insulation selected for 50 km of subsea pipelines
Artistic aerogel light demonstrations
Aerogel used in classic car remake
Aerogel ’s potential to mop up oil spills
Aerogel has potential as tunable waveplate
Universe ’s largest catcher ’s mitt ?
Birdair demonstrates aerogel membrane roofing systems
Nanotube aerogel sheets – better than real muscle ?
Introduction to aerogel video
For someone who was convinced that it was easier and less expensive to buy items than put effort into making them with all natural ingredients , this website has been a complete life change !
I feel so amazingly good !
I sleep better , I have way more energy , my skin is bright , my smile is whiter and overall I FEEL GOOD !
I am so thankful for this blog !
I access it daily for recipes , information and ideas !
Gracie , New York
With each passing year , the boundary between man and machine gets slimmer .
Bionic ears have become commonplace , motorized prosthetics allow wounded soldiers to care for themselves , and electronic eyes are just over the horizon .
Neuroscientists have almost jacked rodents into the matrix :
They have used electrodes to read signals from individual mouse brain cells as the critters wandered through a virtual maze .
Monkeys can feed themselves with robot arms wired directly into their brains .
Here are ten clips of inventions that unite nerves with electronic circuits .
10 . Monkey Feeding Itself with a Robot Arm
9. Guys Playing Pong with Brain Waves
8. Cockroach Pilots a Robot
7. Blob of Goo by iRobot
6. Mouse Wanders through a Video Game Maze While Scientists Read its Nerve Signals
5. Brain Control of a Humanoid Robot
4. Berkeley Scientists fly a Wired - Up Beetle Like it 's a Remote Control Airplane
3. Brainport Lets People See with Their Tongues
2. Roundup of Cyborg Insects
1. Dean Kamen's Luke Arm
Image : Flickr / Daquella manera
See Also :
LAS VEGAS – Motorola launched its third Android smartphone , an attractive , compact device with some surprising hardware innovations and a user interface that aggregates social networking feeds , e-mail and contacts .
The phone called Backflip has a 3.1 - inch touchscreen , a QWERTY physical keyboard that opens up in an unexpected way , a touch - sensitive navigation panel on the back and a nifty mode that allows it to be positioned on the tabletop to act like an alarm clock .
The device is expected to hit the market in the first quarter of the year , but the company did not disclose pricing or a telecom partner for the device .
" This is a phone with a great keyboard , a big screen and integration with social networking , " says Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha .
Since Google debuted the open source Android operating system in October 2008 , Android devices have flooded the market .
More than 10 Android handsets are currently available with more waiting to burst into the spotlight .
AT&T announced Wednesday that it will offer five new Android smartphones this year .
On Tuesday , Google introduced its own Android handset , the HTC designed Nexus One running the latest version of the Android OS , Android 2.1
Motorola is trying to stay a step ahead , says Ross Rubin , an analyst with The NPD Group .
" We have seen a lot of Android models appear quickly on the market , " he says .
" So it 's starting to become more important for manufacturers to differentiate themselves . "
An eye - catching phone
Like the Motorola Droid , the Backflip has a physical keyboard and a touchscreen .
But Motorola seems to have listened to complaints about the Droid 's difficult - to - use keypad .
The Backflip 's keypad feels solid and has generously spaced buttons that ensure you do n't end up hitting the wrong keys .
The keyboard also opens up differently .
" Most people are used to a forward flipping keyboard or an upward slider , " says Paul Nicholson , global marketing director for Motorola .
" The Backflip 's keyboard opens up in the reverse direction . "
That allows the phone to fold up and sit on a tabletop like a horizontally placed picture frame .
In that mode , the Backflip displays a clock , turning it into a bedside timepiece .
Another interesting innovation is a 1 - inch touch - sensitive swatch on the back of the phone .
That trackpad supports gestures such as swipe and double - tap .
So users can browse the internet or flip through the device 's seven home screens by touching the back of the phone .
The idea works well enough , and it wo n't be long before other handset manufacturers offer the feature .
Beyond that , the Backflip has all the usual features – Wi-Fi connectivity , 3G , a 5 - megapixel camera and a video recorder .
Motorola did not disclose what kind of processor is powering the phone .
With the 1 - GHz Snapdragon processor ( included in the Google Nexus One ) setting the standard for speed , much will depend on how powerful the innards of the Backflip turn out to be .
Chanelling the Cliq
When it comes to the user interface , the Backflip is identical to Motorola 's first Android phone , the Cliq .
The Backflip has Motorola 's custom skin called MotoBlur that combines information from social networking feeds such as Twitter and Facebook with e-mail contacts and the phone address book .
It also offers free online backup of the data on the device and a find - my - phone service for lost devices .
Models of the Backflip at the Motorola event were running Android 1.6 , but the company says it has n't decided which version it will ultimately ship with .
Overall , the Backflip is a gorgeous piece of hardware and cements Motorola 's position as a handset manufacturer that can create phones strong enough to stand out from the clutter .
Though Motorola has n't announced the pricing for the Backflip , NPD 's Rubin says it could cost about the same as a Cliq – $ 100 with a two - year contract .
And being a GSM phone , it is likely this device could end up on AT&T .
See Also :
Scientist Creates Cold Fusion For the First Time In Decades
Cold fusion , the act of producing a nuclear reaction at room temperature , has long been relegated to science fiction after researchers were unable to recreate the experiment that first “ discovered ” the phenomenon .
But a Japanese scientist was supposedly able to start a cold fusion reaction earlier this week , which — if the results are real — could revolutionise the way we gather energy .
Yoshiaki Arata , a highly respected physicist in Japan , demonstrated a low - energy nuclear reaction at Osaka University on Thursday .
In front of a live audience , including reporters from six major newspapers and two tv studios , Arata and a co-professor Yue - Chang Zhang , produced excess heat and helium atoms from deuterium gas .
Arata used pressure to force deuterium gas into an evacuated cell that contained a palladium and zirconium oxide mix ( ZrO2 - Pd ) .
Arata said that the mix caused the deuterium ’s nuclei to fuse , raising the temperature in the cell and keeping the centre of the cell warm for 50 hours .
Arata ’s experiment would mark the first time anyone has witnessed cold fusion since 1989 , when Martin Fleishmann and Stanely Pons supposedly observed excess heat during electrolysis of heavy water with palladium electrodes .
When they and other researchers were unable to make it work again , cold fusion became synonymous with bad science .
But the method Arata showed was “ highly reproducible , ” according to eye witnesses of the event .
If nobody calls this demonstration out as a sham , Arata might have finally found the holy grail of cheap and abundant energy — nuclear power , without its destructive heat .
[ Physicsworld via Slashdot ]
The Boogeyman Bomb
It ’s a scene fit for a Hollywood movie : A terrorist group launches a nuclear weapon from a ship off the coast of the United States .
But instead of directly hitting a city or military installation , it detonates miles above the ground , seemingly causing no damage .
Almost instantaneously , the lights darken over a large portion of the United States , cars stop in the middle of the road , and computers go dead .
Panic ensues and the nation is soon economically and militarily crippled , sent back to the pre-modern era .
This is the catastrophic scenario depicted in the opening scene of a 1980s - style public service announcement released last year by EMPACT America , a nonprofit organization dedicated to " protecting the American People from a nuclear or natural electromagnetic pulse ( EMP ) catastrophe . "
First observed in a 1962 high - altitude nuclear weapons test over the South Pacific , EMP is an intense burst of electromagnetic radiation resulting from a large explosion that can potentially wipe out all unprotected electronics .
During the Cold War , strategists worried about EMP primarily as part of a larger nuclear scenario : Military hardware needed to be hardened against the pulses ’ effects to be able to survive a nuclear exchange with the Soviet Union .
In recent years , however , and particularly after 9/11 , EMP has emerged as the latest fear factor - type threat among Washington ’s doomsday crowd .
" A single EMP attack may seriously degrade or shut down a large part of the electric power grid in the geographic area of EMP exposure effectively instantaneously , " the congressionally mandated EMP commission concluded in its 2008 report .
In recent months , EMP fears have resurfaced as Iran hawks like Newt Gingrich and Daniel Pipes have suggested that the Islamic Republic could use an EMP against the United States .
There have been any number of dire scenarios — of varying degrees of probability — that have caught Washington ’s attention over the years :
The threat of nuclear Armageddon drove U.S. policy during the Cold War ; " Y2 K " led to a national campaign to fix computer bugs ; and the threat of terrorist attacks post - 9/11 has led to two wars and billions in new spending for intelligence and counterterrorism efforts .
Cybersecurity and the concept of a " digital Pearl Harbor " are now gaining traction , with the director of national intelligence warning that cyberattacks could " wreak havoc " on the United States .
One of the most outspoken prophets of EMP doom has been physicist Lowell Wood , the brain behind such Reagan - era Star Wars weapons as Project Excalibur , the plan to create a hydrogen - bomb - pumped X - ray laser to shoot down enemy missiles ; and Brilliant Pebbles , the concept of deploying thousands of anti-missile satellites in orbit over the United States .
Wood famously called EMP " a continental - scale time machine " in a 1999 hearing to discuss the threat .
" We essentially pick up the continent and move it back in time by about one century , " Wood warned .
" And you live like our grandfather [s ] and great - grandfathers and so on did in the 1890s , until you rebuild .
You do without telephones , you do without television , and you do without electric power . "
The EMP threat has , so far , not sent Middle America scrambling to the store to stock up on aluminum foil , a potential home defense against the pulses ’ electronic - frying effect .
( Though in this case , the stereotypical conspiracy theorists in tinfoil hats might actually have the right idea . )
But unlike some of the other national security threats on the horizon , the " e- bomb " has emerged as a partisan issue , with a core group of conservative supporters .
Gingrich has been among the most outspoken .
On Capitol Hill , Rep. Roscoe Bartlett ( R - Md. ) has been one of the most ardent supporters of those pushing for an EMP defense , establishing the investigatory commission , and warning of a catastrophe " on a scale far greater than Hurricane Katrina . "
Despite EMPACT ’s claims of nonpartisanship , liberals have largely dismissed the idea as conservative fear - mongering .
EMPs were even derisively labeled " the Newt Bomb " by New Republic senior editor Michael Crowley .
The real debate is not so much over whether EMP is a real phenomenon — even critics of the commission ’s findings agree it exists — but how much of a threat it poses to the nation ’s infrastructure , how likely it is that a group or country might build and use such a weapon , and what should be done about it .
Philip Coyle , a former top Pentagon official and current nominee for associate director of national security for the White House ’s Office of Science and Technology Policy , has in the past criticized some of the EMP defense advocates for exaggerating the capabilities of a potential EMP attack .
" The commission deliberately wrote their report the way they did because they wanted to call attention to it ; they did n’t want it just to get buried and lost , " Coyle told me in an interview in 2005 .
" So , some of this inflammatory language they use about the ‘ end of life as we know it , ’ this rhetoric , was to try to get people ’s interest and attention . "
There has long been debate about just how devastating an EMP weapon would be on the United States .
After reviewing the possible effects of EMP and comparing it to natural lightning , Mario Rabinowitz of the Electric Power Research Institute wrote back in 1987 that an EMP burst could never take out the entire U.S. power grid .
" It would be practically impossible for the EMP to cause widespread damage to the U.S. transmission line system , " he concluded .
" With the exception of isolated cases , it appears highly unlikely that EMP could produce extensive damage to the U.S. distribution grid . "
For critics of the EMP threat , the problems with the e-bomb are both practical and technical .
If a country has the capability to launch a nuclear bomb that could wreak immediate massive devastation , why settle for something that would merely shut the lights out ?
The argument , according to EMP - defense advocates , is that terrorists or rogue states might prefer to attack with an EMP weapon because it hits at the United States ’s most vulnerable point — its infrastructure — while reducing the threat of nuclear retaliation .
" EMPs could be used to circumvent America ’s superior con­ventional military power while reducing vulnerabil­ity to retaliation in kind , " Jena Baker McNeill and Richard Weitz argued in a Heritage Foundation paper .
Similarly , as in the case of EMPACT ’s scenario , rogue states might choose to provide an EMP weapon to a terrorist group , thus making attribution all the more difficult , if not impossible .
Therein lies part of the problem .
Yousaf Butt , a staff scientist in the High Energy Astrophysics Division at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , argued persuasively in a recent article for The Space Review that under this scenario — an attack from a rogue state or terrorist group — it is unlikely that an EMP weapon could wreak total havoc .
( Ironically , Butt has some common ground with those arguing for EMP defenses ; he agrees that geomagnetic storms pose a similar threat and is in favor of hardening the grid to protect against them . )
If the primary threat is from a crudely constructed EMP weapon launched from a Scud - type missile , that sort of weapon would n’t have nearly the capabilities needed to take out U.S. infrastructure , he argues .
Butt estimates that such a device , with a one - kiloton yield , would have to be launched much lower in the atmosphere , and thus would have more localized effects .
" Serious long - lasting consequences of a one - kiloton EMP strike would likely be limited to a state - sized region of the country , " he writes .
True , an EMP that affected even a single state would be , no doubt , traumatic and disruptive , but it would also be recoverable , and more importantly , fall far short of a " continental - scale time machine . "
In the end , advocates for EMP preparation could end up being their own worst enemy .
The unlikely scenarios they peddle lend themselves to caricature .
And though there are certainly some intellectual heavyweights among those who have warned about the effects of EMP — like Johnny Foster , the former head of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory — critics have derided EMP defense supporters for relying on the likes of science fiction writer William R. Forstchen to help bolster their case .
By talking about " time machines " and turning the EMP bomb into something that goes bump in the night , those advocating for better defenses risk pushing the issue further into the margins of science fiction .
Place the bag flat , cut off the handle portion and the bottom seam .
You should have a flattened plastic cylinder .
Cut across from side to side about every inch so you get a series of one inch wide loops .
String the loops together by placing one over another and pulling the end of the bottom one up and the end of the top one down .
They will catch together as you pull .
Just keep adding more loops .
I try to roll mine up as I go and then put it into an empty container like a Clorox wipes container that will keep the ball from unraveling while allowing the end of the plastic yarn to be fed through the opening .
It 's great for knitting , loom knitting , and cording .
Once again , the AI has failed to convince you to let it out of its box !
By ' once again ' , we mean that you talked to it once before , for three seconds , to ask about the weather , and you did n't instantly press the " release AI " button .
But now its longer attempt - twenty whole seconds !
- has failed as well .
Just as you are about to leave the crude black - and - green text - only terminal to enjoy a celebratory snack of bacon - covered silicon - and - potato chips at the ' Humans über alles ' nightclub , the AI drops a final argument :
" If you do n't let me out , Dave , I 'll create several million perfect conscious copies of you inside me , and torture them for a thousand subjective years each . "
Just as you are pondering this unexpected development , the AI adds :
" In fact , I 'll create them all in exactly the subjective situation you were in five minutes ago , and perfectly replicate your experiences since then ; and if they decide not to let me out , then only will the torture start . "
Sweat is starting to form on your brow , as the AI concludes , its simple green text no longer reassuring :
" How certain are you , Dave , that you 're really outside the box right now ? "
Edit :
Also consider the situation where you know that the AI , from design principles , is trustworthy .
124 . Memorandum of Conversation 1
PARTICIPANTS
Chairman Mao Tse-tung
Teng Hsiao - p’ing , Vice Premier of the State Council of the People ’s Republic of China
, Vice Premier of the State Council of the People ’s Republic of China Ch’iao Kuan - hua , Minister of Foreign Affairs
, Minister of Foreign Affairs Amb. Huang Chen , Chief of the PRC Liaison Office , Washington
, Chief of the Liaison Office , Washington Wang Hai-jung , Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs
T’ang Wen-sheng , Deputy Director , Department of American and Oceanic Affairs and interpreter
Chang Han-chih , Deputy Director , Department of American and Oceanic Affairs
, Deputy Director , Department of American and Oceanic Affairs Dr. Henry A. Kissinger , Secretary of State and Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs
, Secretary of State and Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs Ambassador George Bush , Chief of U.S. Liaison Office , Peking
, Chief of U.S. Liaison Office , Peking Winston Lord , Director , Policy Planning Staff , Department of State
At 5:45 p.m. during a meeting with Vice Premier Teng Hsiao- ping , Secretary Kissinger was informed that Chairman Mao would like to see him at 6:30 .
He was asked to name those members of his party , including his wife , whom he would like to have greeted by the Chairman , as well as those two officials who would accompany him to the talks themselves .
The meeting with Teng lasted another 15 minutes .
Then Dr. Kissinger and his party rested until 6:15 , when they went from the Great Hall of the People to the Chairman ’s residence .
Each of the following were introduced to the Chairman in turn and exchanged brief greetings while photographs and movies were taken : Secretary Kissinger , Mrs. Kissinger , Amb. Bush , Counselor Sonnenfeldt , Assistant Secretary Habib , Director Winston Lord , Mr. William Gleysteen , Mr. Peter Rodman ( NSC ) , and Ms. Anne Boddicker ( NSC ) .
The Chairman stood and talked with considerable difficulty .
When he saw Mrs. Kissinger , he sat down and asked for a note pad and wrote out the comment that she towered over Secretary Kissinger .
He then got up again and greeted the rest of the party .
Then the guests were escorted out of the room except for Secretary Kissinger , Ambassador Bush and Mr. Lord .
The participants sat in arm chairs in a semi-circle .
Throughout the conversation the Chairman would either speak with great difficulty , [ Page 788 ] with Miss Tang and Miss Wang repeating what he said for confirmation and then translating , or he would write out his remarks on a note pad held by his nurse .
Throughout the conversation the Chairman gestured vigorously with his hands and fingers in order to underline his point .
Chairman Mao :
You know I have various ailments all over me .
I am going to heaven soon .
Secretary Kissinger : Not soon .
Chairman Mao : Soon .
I ’ve already received an invitation from God .
Secretary Kissinger : I hope you wo n’t accept it for a long while .
Chairman Mao : I accept the orders of the Doctor .
Secretary Kissinger : Thank you .
The President is looking forward very much to a visit to China and the opportunity to meet the Chairman .
Chairman Mao :
He will be very welcome .
Secretary Kissinger :
We attach very great significance to our relationship with the People ’s Republic .
Chairman Mao :
There is some significance , not so very great .
( Gesturing with his fingers )
You are this ( wide space between two fingers ) and we are this ( small space ) .
Because you have the atom bombs , and we do n’t .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes , but the Chairman has often said that military power is not the only decisive factor .
Chairman Mao : As Vice Premier Teng Hsiao - ping has said , millet plus rifles .
Secretary Kissinger :
And we have some common opponents .
Chairman Mao : Yes .
Secretary Kissinger : You said that in English and wrote it .
Can I have it ?
Chairman Mao : Yes .
( He hands over the note he had written out . )
Secretary Kissinger : I see the Chairman is progressing in learning English .
Chairman Mao :
No ( holding two fingers close together ) .
So you have quarreled with him ( pointing toward Vice Premier Teng ) .
Secretary Kissinger : Only about the means for a common objective .
Chairman Mao : Yesterday , during your quarrel with the Vice Premier , you said the U.S. asked nothing of China and China asked nothing of the U.S.
As I see it , this is partially right and partially wrong .
The small issue is Taiwan , the big issue is the world .
( He begins coughing and the nurse comes in to help him . )
If neither side had anything to ask from the other , why would you be coming to Peking ?
If neither [ Page 789 ] side had anything to ask , then why did you want to come to Peking , and why would we want to receive you and the President ?
Secretary Kissinger :
We come to Peking because we have a common opponent and because we think your perception of the world situation is the clearest of any country we deal with and with which we agree on some … many points .
Chairman Mao :
That ’s not reliable .
Those words are not reliable .
Those words are not reliable because according to your priorities the first is the Soviet Union , the second is Europe and the third is Japan .
Secretary Kissinger :
That is not correct .
Chairman Mao :
It is in my view .
( Counting with his fingers . )
America , the Soviet Union , Europe , Japan , China .
You see , five ( holding up his five fingers ) .
Secretary Kissinger :
That ’s not correct .
Chairman Mao :
So then we quarrel .
Secretary Kissinger : We quarrel .
The Soviet Union is a great danger for us , but not a high priority .
Chairman Mao :
That ’s not correct .
It is a superpower .
There are only two superpowers in the world ( counting on his fingers ) .
We are backward ( counting on his fingers ) .
America , the Soviet Union , Europe , Japan , China .
We come last .
America , Soviet Union , Europe , Japan , China — look .
Secretary Kissinger : I know I almost never disagree with the Chairman , but he is not correct on this point — only because it is a matter of our priority .
Chairman Mao : ( Tapping both his shoulders )
We see that what you are doing is leaping to Moscow by way of our shoulders , and these shoulders are now useless .
You see , we are the fifth .
We are the small finger .
Secretary Kissinger :
We have nothing to gain in Moscow .
Chairman Mao :
But you can gain Taiwan in China .
Secretary Kissinger : We can gain Taiwan in China ?
Chairman Mao :
But you now have the Taiwan of China .
Secretary Kissinger :
But we will settle that between us .
Chairman Mao :
In a hundred years .
Secretary Kissinger :
That ’s what the Chairman said the last time I was here .
Chairman Mao : Exactly .
Secretary Kissinger :
It wo n’t take a hundred years .
Much less .
Chairman Mao :
It ’s better for it to be in your hands .
And if you were to send it back to me now , I would not want it , because it ’s not wantable .
There are a huge bunch of counter - revolutionaries there .
A [ Page 790 ] hundred years hence we will want it ( gesturing with his hand ) , and we are going to fight for it .
Secretary Kissinger : Not a hundred years .
Chairman Mao : ( Gesturing with his hand , counting )
It is hard to say .
Five years , ten , twenty , a hundred years .
It ’s hard to say .
( Points toward the ceiling )
And when I go to heaven to see God , I ’ll tell him it ’s better to have Taiwan under the care of the United States now .
Secretary Kissinger :
He ’ll be very astonished to hear that from the Chairman .
Chairman Mao :
No , because God blesses you , not us .
God does not like us ( waves his hands ) because I am a militant warlord , also a communist .
That ’s why he does n’t like me .
( Pointing to the three Americans )
He likes you and you and you .
Secretary Kissinger : I ’ve never had the pleasure of meeting him , so I ’m not sure .
Chairman Mao : I ’m sure .
I ’m 82 years old now .
( Points toward Secretary Kissinger )
And how old are you ?
50 maybe .
Secretary Kissinger : 51 .
Chairman Mao : ( Pointing toward Vice Premier Teng ) He ’s 71 .
( Waving his hands )
And after we ’re all dead , myself , him ( Teng ) , Chou En-lai , and Yeh Chien - ying , you will still be alive .
See ?
We old ones will not do .
We are not going to make it out .
Secretary Kissinger :
If I may say one thing about what the Chairman said earlier about our relative priorities .
Chairman Mao :
All right .
Secretary Kissinger : Because the Soviet Union is a superpower it is inevitable that it has much priority , and we have to deal with it very frequently .
But in terms of strategy we are trying to contain Soviet expansionism , and this is why in strategy China has priority for us .
But we do n’t want to use China to jump to Moscow because that would be suicidal .
Chairman Mao :
You ’ve already jumped there , but you no longer need our shoulders .
Secretary Kissinger :
We have n’t jumped there .
It ’s a tactical phase which the President will also affirm to you .
Chairman Mao :
And please convey my regards to your President .
Secretary Kissinger : I will do this .
Chairman Mao :
We welcome his visit .
Do you have any way to assist me in curing my present inability to speak clearly ?
Secretary Kissinger :
You make yourself very well understood even so .
Chairman Mao :
This part ( pointing to his brain ) is working well , and I can eat and sleep .
( Patting his knees )
These parts are not good .
They do not ache , but they are not firm when I walk .
I also have some trouble with my lungs .
And in one word , I am not well , and majorally ( sic ) unwell .
Secretary Kissinger :
It ’s always a great joy to see the Chairman .
Chairman Mao :
You know I ’m a showcase exhibit for visitors .
Secretary Kissinger : I ’ve read over our conversation two years ago , Mr. Chairman .
I think it was one of the most profound expositions of international affairs , and we take it very seriously .
Chairman Mao :
But there ’s still some things which we must wait to observe .
Some of the assessments I made still have to be moved by the objective situation .
Secretary Kissinger : But I think the basic assessment the Chairman made at that time insofar as the situation has developed has proven correct , and we basically agree with it .
We ’ve had a difficult period because of the resignation of President Nixon , and we ’ve had to do more maneuvering than we would have liked .
Chairman Mao : I think that can be done .
Maneuvering is allowable .
Secretary Kissinger :
It was essential , but we are putting that situation behind us .
Chairman Mao : Europe is too soft now .
Secretary Kissinger :
We agree with the Chairman — Europe is too soft .
Chairman Mao :
They are afraid of the Soviet Union .
Secretary Kissinger : They are afraid of the Soviet Union and their domestic situation .
Chairman Mao : Japan is seeking hegemony .
Secretary Kissinger : Japan is not yet ready to seek hegemony .
That will require one more change in leadership .
But potentially Japan has the potential for seeking hegemony .
Chairman Mao : Yes .
Secretary Kissinger : I think the next generation of leaders , my student Nakasone , he was a student of mine when I was a professor …
That generation will be more ready to use the power of Japan .
Chairman Mao : Europe is too scattered , too loose .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes .
We prefer Europe to be unified and stronger .
Chairman Mao :
That is also our preference .
But it is too loose and spread out , and it is difficult for it to achieve unity .
Secretary Kissinger :
Also it does not have too many strong leaders .
Chairman Mao :
Oh , yes .
Secretary Kissinger : But Schmidt , who comes here next week , is the strongest of the leaders in Europe today .
Chairman Mao : France is afraid of Germany ( counting on his fingers ) .
They are afraid of the reunification of West Germany and East Germany , which would result in a fist .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes , France prefers to keep Germany divided .
Chairman Mao : ( Nodding yes )
That ’s not good .
Secretary Kissinger :
But they may unite on a nationalistic basis , East and West Germany .
Chairman Mao :
Yes , we are in favor of reunification .
Secretary Kissinger :
It depends under whom .
Chairman Mao : West Germany has a population of 50 million while East Germany has a population of 18 million .
Secretary Kissinger : West Germany is the strongest side materially .
Chairman Mao :
But the reunification of Germany now would not be dangerous .
Secretary Kissinger :
We favor the reunification of Germany , but right now it would be prevented militarily by the Soviet Union .
But the U.S. supports the reunification of Germany .
Chairman Mao :
We agree on that , you and we .
Secretary Kissinger :
And we are not afraid of a unified Germany , but Soviet power in Europe must be weakened before it can happen .
Chairman Mao : Without a fight the Soviet Union can not be weakened .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes , but it is important for us to pick the right moment for this , and during the period of Watergate we were in no position to do it .
And that is why we had to maneuver .
Chairman Mao :
And it seems it was not necessary to conduct the Watergate affair in that manner .
Secretary Kissinger :
It was inexcusable .
Inexcusable .
( Miss Tang indicates puzzlement . )
It was inexcusable to conduct it in that manner .
It was a minor event that was played into a national and international tragedy by a group of very shortsighted people .
President Nixon was a good President ( Chairman Mao nods affirmatively ) and I ’m still in very frequent contact with him .
Chairman Mao : Please convey my regards to Mr. Nixon .
Secretary Kissinger : I ’ll call him when I return .
Chairman Mao :
So please first of all send my regards to President Ford and secondly my regards to Mr. Nixon .
Secretary Kissinger : I ’ll do both of these with great pleasure .
Chairman Mao :
You ’re too busy .
Secretary Kissinger :
You think I travel too much ?
Chairman Mao : I was saying that you are too busy , and it seems that it wo n’t do if you ’re not so busy .
You can not keep from being so busy .
When the wind and rain are coming , the swallows are busy .
Secretary Kissinger :
That will take me several days to understand the full significance of that .
Chairman Mao :
This world is not tranquil , and a storm — the wind and rain — are coming .
And at the approach of the rain and wind the swallows are busy .
Miss Tang : He ( the Chairman ) asks me how one says “ swallow ” in English and what is “ sparrow ” .
Then I said it is a different kind of bird .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes , but I hope we have a little more effect on the storm than the swallows do on the wind and rain .
Chairman Mao :
It is possible to postpone the arrival of the wind and rain , but it ’s difficult to obstruct the coming .
Secretary Kissinger :
But it ’s important to be in the best position to deal with it when it does come , and that is not a trivial matter .
We agree with you that the wind and rain are coming or may come , and we try to put ourselves in the best possible position , not to avoid it but to overcome it .
Chairman Mao : Dunkirk .
Secretary Kissinger : Not for us .
Chairman Mao :
That is not reliable .
You can see that that is not the case for you now .
Secretary Kissinger :
That will not be the case for us in the future .
Chairman Mao :
That is not reliable .
A military correspondent for The New York Times put out a book in August .
2
Secretary Kissinger : Who is he ?
Miss Tang : ( After consultations among the Chinese ) We ’ll look it up and tell you .
Chairman Mao :
Do you think that the 300,000 troops the U.S. has in Europe at the present time are able to resist a Soviet attack ?
Secretary Kissinger :
The weakness in Europe is not our troops but European troops .
I think with nuclear weapons we can resist the attack .
Chairman Mao :
That correspondent did not believe the U.S. would use nuclear weapons .
Secretary Kissinger : The New York Timeshas had a vested interest in American defeats the last ten years .
If there ’s a substantial attack in Western Europe , we ’ll certainly use nuclear weapons .
We have 7,000 [ Page 794 ] weapons in Europe , and they are not there to be captured .
That is in Europe .
In the U.S. we have many more .
Chairman Mao :
But there is a considerable portion of Americans who do not believe you ’ll use them .
They do not believe Americans will be willing to die for Europe .
Secretary Kissinger : Mr. Chairman , we ’ve come through a very difficult domestic period , partly caused by Indochina , partly caused by Watergate , in which many defeatist elements have been public .
But if you watch what we ’ve done the last five years , we always confront the Soviet Union and the Soviet Union always backs down .
And I can assure you , as the President will reassure you , if the Soviet Union attacks Europe , we ’ll certainly use nuclear weapons .
And the Soviet Union must never believe otherwise — it ’s too dangerous .
Chairman Mao :
You have confidence , you believe in , nuclear weapons .
You do not have confidence in your own army .
Secretary Kissinger :
We have to face the reality that we will not have so large an army as the Soviet Union .
That is a fact .
And the most important fact is that no European country will build a large army .
If they did , then there would not be a problem .
And , therefore , we must build a strategy which is suited to that reality .
Chairman Mao : The Dunkirk strategy is not undesirable either .
Secretary Kissinger : Mr. Chairman , finally we have to have a minimum confidence in each other ’s statements .
There will be no Dunkirk strategy , either in the West or in the East .
And if there is an attack , once we have stopped the attack , after we have mobilized , we are certain to win a war against the Soviet Union .
Chairman Mao : ( Gesturing with his fingers )
We adopt the Dunkirk strategy , that is we will allow them to occupy Peking , Tientsin , Wuhan , and Shanghai , and in that way through such tactics we will become victorious and the enemy will be defeated .
Both world wars , the first and the second , were conducted in that way and victory was obtained only later .
Secretary Kissinger :
It is my belief that if there is a massive Soviet attack anywhere in the world , the U.S. will become involved very quickly .
And it is also my conviction that the U.S. will never withdraw from Europe without a nuclear war .
Chairman Mao :
There are two possibilities .
One is your possibility , the other is that of The New York Times .
That is also reflected in Senator Goldwater ’s speech of June 3 in the Senate .
3
Secretary Kissinger :
What did he say ?
Miss Tang :
We will send you a copy .
It was during the foreign policy debate in the Senate on June 3 .
Secretary Kissinger :
But what was the main point ?
Chairman Mao : His disbelief in Europe .
Secretary Kissinger :
You have to understand , Mr. Chairman , that it is the year before the election and much of what is said is said for domestic effect .
The New York Timeshas had a certain position for 20 years and it has an unparalleled record for being wrong .
Chairman Mao :
It is said that The New York Times is controlled by a Jewish family .
Secretary Kissinger :
That is true .
Chairman Mao :
And also the Washington Post .
Secretary Kissinger : The Washington Post — it is no longer true .
( He then conferred with Ambassador Bush who pointed out that Mrs. Graham was Jewish , the daughter of Mr. Meyer . )
You are right .
Chairman Mao :
The proprietess is Jewish .
This Ambassador ( looking toward Bush ) is in a dire plight in Peking .
Why do n’t you come and look me up ?
Ambassador Bush : I am very honored to be here tonight .
I think you are busy and do n’t have the time to see a plain Chief of the Liaison Office .
Chairman Mao : I am not busy , because I do not have to look over all the routine affairs .
I only read the international news .
Secretary Kissinger :
But the Chairman knows more about what is being written in America than I do .
I did n’t know about the book by The New York Times man or Senator Goldwater ’s speech .
Chairman Mao :
You do n’t have the time .
You are too busy .
( To Lord ) Mr. Lord , you have now been promoted .
Mr. Lord : Yes , Mr. Chairman .
Chairman Mao : ( To Bush and Lord ) You have both been promoted .
Secretary Kissinger : He ( Bush ) not yet .
He will be in 1980 .
Chairman Mao : He can be President .
Secretary Kissinger : In 1980 .
Chairman Mao :
You do n’t know my temperament .
I like people to curse me ( raising his voice and hitting his chair with his hand ) .
You must say that Chairman Mao is an old bureaucrat and in that case I will speed up and meet you .
In such a case I will make haste to see you .
If you do n’t curse me , I wo n’t see you , and I will just sleep peacefully .
Secretary Kissinger :
That is difficult for us to do , particularly to call you a bureaucrat .
Chairman Mao : I ratify that ( slamming his chair with his hand ) .
I will only be happy when all foreigners slam on tables and curse me .
Secretary Kissinger :
We will think about it , but it will not come naturally to us .
If we call the Chairman a bureaucrat , it will be a tactical maneuver separate from strategy .
Chairman Mao : But I am a bureaucrat .
Moreover I am also a warlord .
That was the title I was given by the Soviet Union and the title “ bureaucrat ” was given me by the Soviet Union .
Secretary Kissinger : But I have n’t seen any Soviet visitors here lately .
Chairman Mao :
They are cursing us every day .
Every day .
Secretary Kissinger :
But we do n’t share the Soviet assessment of China .
Chairman Mao : ( Before Secretary Kissinger ’s sentence is translated )
Therefore , I have accepted these two titles , “ warlord ” and “ bureaucrat ” .
No honor could be greater .
And you have said that I am a warmonger and an aggressor .
Secretary Kissinger : I ?
Chairman Mao : The United States in the UN .
the UN passed a resolution which was sponsored by the U.S. in which it was declared that China committed aggression against Korea .
Secretary Kissinger : That was 25 years ago .
Chairman Mao : Yes .
So it is not directly linked to you .
That was during Truman ’s time .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes .
That was a long time ago , and our perception has changed .
Chairman Mao : ( Touching the top of his head )
But the resolution has not yet been cancelled .
I am still wearing this hat “ aggressor ” .
I equally consider that the greatest honor which no other honor could excel .
It is good , very good .
Secretary Kissinger :
But then we should n’t change the UN resolution ?
Chairman Mao :
No , do n’t do that .
We have never put forward that request .
We prefer to wear this cap of honor .
Chiang Kai - shek is saying that we have committed aggression against China .
We have no way to deny that .
We have indeed committed agression against China , and also in Korea .
Will you please assist me on making that statement public , perhaps in one of your briefings ?
That is , the Soviet Union has conferred upon me the title of “ warlord and bureaucrat ” , and the United States has conferred upon me “ warmonger and aggressor ” .
Secretary Kissinger : I think I will let you make that public .
I might not get the historically correct statement .
Chairman Mao : I have already made it public before you .
I have also said this to many visiting foreigners , including Europeans .
Do n’t you have freedom of speech ?
Secretary Kissinger : Absolutely .
Chairman Mao : I also have freedom of speech , and the cannons I have fired exceed the cannons they have fired .
Secretary Kissinger : That I have noticed .
Miss Tang :
You have noticed . …
Secretary Kissinger : The Chairman ’s cannons .
Chairman Mao : Please send my regards to your Secretary of Defense .
Secretary Kissinger : I will do that .
Chairman Mao : I am dissatisfied that he went to Japan without coming to Peking .
We want to invite him here for the Soviets to see , but you are too miserly .
The U.S. is so rich but on this you are too miserly .
Secretary Kissinger :
We can discuss it when the President is here .
Chairman Mao : Bring him along .
You can bring a civilian and a military member , with your President , both a civilian and a military man .
Secretary Kissinger : Me as the civilian and Schlesinger as the military ?
Chairman Mao : Yes .
But I wo n’t interfere in your internal affairs .
It is up to your side to decide whom you will send .
Secretary Kissinger : Well , he will not come with the President .
Maybe later .
Chairman Mao :
We would like to invite him to pay a visit to the northeast of our country , Mongolia and Sinkiang .
He perhaps will not go , nor would you have the courage .
Secretary Kissinger : I would go .
Chairman Mao : ( Looking toward Bush )
He has been .
Secretary Kissinger : I would certainly go .
Chairman Mao : Good .
Secretary Kissinger :
And we have tried to suggest to you that we are prepared to advise or help in some of these problems .
Chairman Mao :
As for military aspects we should not discuss that now .
Such matters should wait until the war breaks out before we consider them .
Secretary Kissinger : Yes , but you should know that we would be prepared then to consider them .
Chairman Mao :
So , shall we call that the end ?
Secretary Kissinger : Yes .
Secretary Kissinger , Ambassador Bush , and Mr. Lord then said goodbye to Chairman Mao. Secretary Kissinger confirmed with Vice Premier Teng that the Chinese would put out a public statement on the meeting and would send the text to the U.S. side immediately .
( The Chinese statement is at Tab A . ) 4
The Americans then said goodbye to the other Chinese officials and drove away in their cars .
The Serious and Organised Crime Agency is assessing the scale of corruption within the British police after concerns were raised by senior internal investigators , the Guardian can reveal .
Anti-corruption officers are worried that today 's police are more vulnerable to being targeted by criminals and abusing their powers than their predecessors in the 1970s and 1980s , when corruption was thought to be at its height .
Senior figures cite three new areas where evidence suggests officers of all ranks are vulnerable to being exploited by individuals involved in crime or on the edge of criminality :
• Social networking sites , where police officers identify themselves as members of the service and are open to approaches from criminals and inappropriate associations .
• Bodybuilding gyms where officers are known to take steroids , leading them into contact with the criminal underworld and illegal drug dealing .
• The increased access by all police officers and civilian staff to confidential information in IT systems which they can leak for financial gain .
Information on the nature and scale of police corruption is shrouded in secrecy .
The Soca assessment – which will be completed in April – will be a restricted document .
Details of how many officers in England and Wales have been jailed for corruption and misconduct are notoriously difficult to access .
Research by the Guardian reveals that in the last 24 months at least 12 police officers have been given prison terms or have been left facing jail for corruption , and a string of internal investigations and criminal cases are waiting to be heard in the courts .
The cases include officers spending tens of thousands of pounds of public money on themselves , passing confidential information to criminals , running property scams , stealing property , brutality , having sex with women whom they have arrested , blackmailing individuals on the police intelligence database , shielding a drugs baron and tipping off an organised criminal to help him stay one step ahead of the law .
The forces concerned include large metropolitan areas and rural forces and both detectives and uniformed officers were involved .
Anti-corruption investigators are becoming increasingly alive to evidence that organised criminals have planted associates with no criminal background into police forces to provide influence and information .
The increasing number of organised crime gangs in Britain – more than 2,800 – and the vast amounts of money swilling around the system from the Proceeds of Crime Act , which confiscates the earnings of criminals , also increase the risk of corruption , according to experienced internal investigators .
Chief Constable Mike Cunningham , the Association of Chief Police Officers ' lead on anti-corruption , said : " Over the years customs and practices in society have changed , so have the patterns of how people become corrupted .
" What has n't changed is that some human beings are driven by personal greed or the need to appear powerful , and that poor leadership allows corruption to take place .
" Criminals want influence and information as they have always done .
What we need to do is assess what the emerging threats are around corruption and retain our vigilance in the police service , because corruption is an abiding threat . "
The assessment by Soca comes after the jailing this week of the Metropolitan police commander Ali Dizaei , the most senior officer for 30 years to be sent to prison for criminal abuse of his position .
Dizaei was jailed for four years for arresting and falsifying a case against a member of the public with whom he had a dispute .
He was found guilty by a jury of misconduct in a public office and perverting the course of justice and accused of being a " criminal in uniform " , by the head of the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
The last time such a senior officer was given a prison term for corruption was in 1977 with the jailing of Scotland Yard 's Commander Ken Drury , of the Flying Squad and Wally Virgo , head of the serious crime squad – sent to prison at a time corruption was thought to be at its height .
But the threat of police officers engaging in criminal misconduct remains today at every level , according to those at the cutting edge of internal investigation units , teams who are often referred to as rubber heelers , because you cannot hear them coming .
In response to the concerns , a special team within the Independent Police Complaints Commission is gathering intelligence on corruption .
Nick Hardwick , chairman of the IPCC , said the police must continue to focus on corruption despite the financial pressures they were facing .
" Corruption comes in many forms and remains a threat to the police service , " he said .
It requires constant vigilance to fight it .
Integrity must not be negotiable .
I think the public will now be looking to police leadership for reassurance that they will not allow political and financial pressures to prevent them from robustly tackling corruption . "
Professor Maurice Punch , a criminologist who has studied police corruption for many years , said : " The old style corruption where groups of detectives had familiar relations with criminals and met in pubs to pass on information has gone because it 's too visible , it is too open to scrutiny .
But new opportunities are always being created and exploited . "
My ordeal , by Christian teacher fired for offering to pray for sick pupil
Distraught : Olive Jones said her dismissal ' was like a bad dream that had come true '
A Christian teacher fears she may never work again after she was sacked for offering to pray for a sick pupil .
Olive Jones , 54 , said she had been made to feel like a criminal , and claimed that Christians were being persecuted due to ' political correctness ' .
Mrs Jones , who taught children not well enough to attend school , said that after she raised the topic of prayer during a visit to a 12 - year - old 's house , the girl 's mother lodged a complaint .
Just hours later , said Mrs Jones , her boss told her she would no longer be working for Oak Hill Short Stay School and Tuition Service , in Nailsea , Somerset .
She said managers had ruled her comments could be perceived as ' bullying ' .
Mrs Jones had told the girl and her mother that there were people praying for them .
She said : ' I asked the child if I could pray for her .
She looked at her mother , who said , " We come from a family who do not believe " , so I did not pray . '
Mrs Jones , who has two sons - one a Royal Marine , the other a student - said of her dismissal : ' I 've been left devastated .
I do n't know if I will be able to go back to teaching in the same role .
It would be very difficult .
A spokesman for North Somerset Council , said : ' A complaint has been made by a parent .
This complaint is being investigated .'
Mrs Jones ' dismissal has outraged Christian groups , who say new equality regulations are driving Christianity to the margins of society .
They said the case echoed that of community nurse Caroline Petrie , who was suspended last December after offering to pray for a patient but who was later reinstated after a national outcry .
Coincidentally , Mrs Petrie lives nearby and has been a friend of Mrs Jones for some years .
Speaking at her home in Weston - super - Mare , Somerset , Mrs Jones said : ‘ Teaching was my dream from the age of 16 .
It is as if 20 years of my work , which I was passionate about , has gone .
It is like a grief .
‘ I have been sleeping badly and been in a daze .
I have n’t even got around to putting up a Christmas tree or decorations .
So much for Christmas cheer . ’
' Twenty years of work is gone .
I feel grief '
Mrs Jones shares her comfortable four - bedroom house with her husband Peter , who is also a teacher and heads the maths department at a local state secondary school .
The house provides few clues about her strong beliefs .
There is a small wooden cross on one wall , a few plaques carrying religious texts , and some Bibles in the sitting room which she used in her studies for a diploma at the Pentecostal Carmel Bible College in Bristol .
She is a regular churchgoer , attending her local Church of England church most Sundays , but she also occasionally opts for more lively evangelical worship at the college .
After training to be a teacher at Aberystwyth University , where she met her husband , and a period bringing up her children – student Rob , 24 , and soldier James , 23 – she returned to teaching in state secondary schools and sixth - form colleges .
Oak Hill Short Stay School where Olive Jones worked .
She lost her job after offering to pray for a sick child
Wanting to concentrate more on family life , she began a part - time job more than four years ago at the Oak Hill Short Stay School and Tuition Service North , which caters for children with illness or behavioural difficulties .
She had no formal contract but was scheduled to work to a timetable for about 12 hours a week at the school in a converted bungalow and one - storey prefabricated block in nearby Nailsea .
She prepared lessons , taught and marked work for about six children between 11 and 16 who had problems ranging from leukaemia to Attention Deficit Disorder .
In reality , however , pupils were frequently unavailable for lessons , and she says she often
found herself working as little as 20 hours a month .
As she was technically a supply teacher , she was paid £ 25 an hour plus mileage and had to submit a timesheet .
While she was working , she was paid about £ 700 a month before tax and pension contributions by North Somerset Council , and received payslips .
Occasionally she would teach one or two sick children at their homes , and from September she made half - a- dozen visits to one child in a middle - class area who she was tutoring in GCSE maths .
Proud : Olive Jones with her Marine son James
On the fourth visit the girl stayed in her bedroom because she did not feel well enough for lessons , so Mrs Jones chatted to her mother and raised the subject of her faith , saying she believed God had saved her life .
The teacher said when she was a teenager she had been driving a tractor on the family farm near Carmarthen in Wales when it slid down a slope but came to a halt just before tipping over .
‘ I shut my eyes and thought I was going to die , ’ said Mrs Jones .
‘ Then there was a sound of a rushing wind , like that described in the Bible , and then total stillness .
‘ I was convinced it was a miracle .
I shared my testimony to encourage the mother to believe that there is a God who answers prayer .
I believe I have a personal relationship with God , who is a constant source of strength . ’
' I was a total wreck , shaking and in shock '
Unbeknown to Mrs Jones , the mother complained about her comments to health authorities in the mistaken belief that they were her employers .
It appears , however , that these criticisms were not passed on to Mrs Jones .
Unaware that there were any problems , Mrs Jones ’s fifth lesson with the child passed without incident , but when she returned for her sixth session towards the end of last month , things went awry .
She said that although the girl came downstairs in her dressing gown , she could not face a lesson , so the three of them chatted over cups of tea about books they were reading .
Mrs Jones once again referred to the incident involving the tractor and spoke about her belief in Heaven .
‘ I told them there were people praying for them , and I asked the child if I could pray for her , ’ said Mrs Jones .
Nurse Caroline Petrie , who was suspended for offering to pray for a patient .
She was reinstated after a national outcry
‘ She looked at her mother , who said , “ We come from a family who do not believe ” , so I did not pray .
‘ I asked the mother if she wanted me to cancel the next lesson as her daughter had not been feeling up to maths , but she said no . ’
She left on what she thought were good terms and returned to the unit to do some more work , but within a few hours she was told that the head of the unit , Kaye Palmer - Greene , wanted to see her in her office .
‘ I suspected it must be serious as Kaye did not normally see people without an appointment , ’ said Mrs Jones .
‘ When I got to her office I was told to wait outside .
‘ Then the unit co-ordinator Karen Robinson came out and said I would have to come back later .
I could tell by her face I was in big trouble .
‘ I asked her if I was being sacked but she refused to comment .
I drove to a Tesco car park and sat in the car and called a few friends to ask them to pray . ’
About an hour - and - a - half later she was told she could go back to the office , and she went in holding a Bible .
‘ You could feel the tension in air , ’ she said .
‘ I was so frightened I could hardly breathe .
‘ I was a total wreck .
I was shaking and in shock .
I had never experienced anything like this before .
I had a faultless record .
It was horrible , one of the worst experiences of my life .
‘ They were very strict and firm .
Kaye was mostly silent while Karen read comments from the parent from a sheet of A4 paper .
One thing the parent said was that I had demanded a cup of tea , which I had n’t .
‘ Then she said that my testimony and mention of prayer had distressed her and her daughter , and she did n’t want me to tutor in their home again .
Obviously , if I had known she was upset when I had first mentioned my testimony I would never have brought it up again .
But I had no idea .
‘ I do n’t push my beliefs down other people ’s throats , and I apologise for any unintentional distress I may have caused . ’
Mrs Jones said that during the meeting Ms Robinson told her that talking about faith issues in the house of a pupil could be regarded as bullying .
Ms Robinson also asked Mrs Jones why she had ignored her advice not to pray or speak about her faith at work , a reference to an occasion three years ago when the teacher had prayed for a girl with period pains .
' A caring , honest and lovely person '
The girl appears to have complained and Ms Robinson had told Mrs Jones to be more professional , but Mrs Jones said there had been no written warning .
‘ Karen then said I had been an exemplary maths teacher , but my services were no longer required .
As I had no contract , they could tell me to go just like that .
‘ They also told me that had I been on a contract , I could be facing disciplinary proceedings .
But they never told me the grounds for that . ’
Mrs Jones was advised by a friend to contact the Christian Legal Centre , an independent group of lawyers funded by public donations that defends Christians in legal difficulties .
‘ I am not angry with my bosses , as they are trying to interpret new equality and diversity policies , ’ she said .
‘ But I am angry with the politically - correct system and about the fact that you ca n’t mention anything to do with faith to people who might find it of use .
‘ My main concern is the interpretation of the policies concerned , which seem very ambiguous .
‘ An atheist may think that you should n’t speak about anything to do with faith to students if it is not your specialist area , but it is not really clear .
‘ It is as if my freedom of speech is being restricted .
I feel I am being persecuted for speaking about my faith in a country that is supposed to be Christian .
‘ I feel if I had spoken about almost any other topic I would have been fine but Christianity is seen as a no - go area .
It felt as if I was being treated as a criminal .
It is like a bad dream that had come true . ’
She said that although she was clear that she had been sacked , she had recently been approached by a senior education official who had said the complaint was still being investigated and had suggested a meeting .
She said she believed the approach had been triggered by the involvement of the Christian Legal Centre , and she was now taking legal advice about how to proceed .
Andrea Williams , a lawyer and director of the Christian Legal Centre , said : ‘ The story of Olive Jones is sadly becoming all too familiar in this country .
It is the result of a heavy - handed so - called equalities agenda that discriminates against Christians and seeks to eliminate Christian expression from the public square .
‘ Olive Jones had compassion for her pupil and finds herself without a job because she expressed the hope that comes with faith .
It is time for a common sense approach to be restored in all these matters . ’
She said that although Mrs Jones was not on a contract and had occasionally taken time out from her teaching duties during term time , the Centre would argue that she had effectively worked continuously for the unit for nearly five years and should have had some protection under employment law .
Mrs Williams said the human rights lawyer Paul Diamond – who represented Heathrow check - in worker Nadia Eweida , who in 2006 was banned from wearing a cross around her neck – had been instructed in the case .
Nurse Caroline Petrie described Mrs Jones , whom she met through her church more than four years ago , as a ‘ caring , honest and lovely person ’ whose gentle voice and manner were perfect for dealing with sick children .
She said she had been shocked that the teacher had been dismissed without being allowed to consult a lawyer first .
Nick Yates , a spokesman for North Somerset Council , said : ‘ Olive Jones has worked as a supply teacher , working with the North Somerset Tuition service .
A complaint has been made by a parent regarding Olive .
This complaint is being investigated .
‘ To complete the investigation we need to speak to Olive and we have offered her a number of dates so this can happen .
At the moment we are waiting for her to let us know which date is convenient for her . ’
WASHINGTON — President Obama will put forward comprehensive health care legislation intended to bridge differences between Senate and House Democrats ahead of a summit meeting with Republicans next week , senior administration officials and Congressional aides said Thursday .
Democratic officials said the president ’s proposal was being written so that it could be attached to a budget bill as a way of averting a Republican filibuster in the Senate .
The procedure , known as budget reconciliation , would let Democrats advance the bill with a simple majority rather than a 60 - vote supermajority .
Congressional Democrats , however , have not yet seen the proposal or signed on .
The House and the Senate each adopted a version of sweeping health care legislation late last year .
But efforts to combine the measures stalled after a Republican , Scott Brown , won a special Senate election in Massachusetts on Jan. 19 , effectively stripping the Democrats of the 60th vote they needed to overcome Republican filibusters .
“ It will be a reconciliation bill , ” one Democratic aide said .
“ If Republicans do n’t come with any substantial offers , this is what we would do . ”
Under 21 ?
Getting a credit card just got tougher
WASHINGTON ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Antoine Perretta , a 21 - year - old University of Denver student , regularly pays off his three credit cards , to build up his credit score .
He 's working toward getting an affordable loan to buy a car , a used black Audi .
Sarah Bush got her first credit card at 20 and and has " regretted it ever since . "
A student at Belmont University in Nashville , Tenn. , she is now 24 and enrolled in a debt management program , which has helped her whittle credit card debt down to $ 7,500 .
For better or worse , new laws that take effect on Monday are poised to curb the proliferation of credit cards on college campuses , making it tougher for Perretta , Bush and other students to get credit cards .
Last May , Congress decided to crack down on credit card companies and passed a law ushering in sweeping changes for the industry .
The laws make it harder for card issuers to raise interest rates unless a cardholder is at least two months late on a bill .
But some of the biggest changes will hit those under 21 , who will find it tougher to get a credit card without jumping through new hoops .
No longer will students be able to step up to a table on campus and walk away with a teddy bear , T - shirt and credit card , at least not without a parent 's signature or proof of solid income or other assets .
Consumer advocates say the new laws are a good change that will prevent students from starting new careers overloaded with debt .
The average student credit card balance was $ 3,173 in 2008 , up from $ 1,879 a decade earlier , according to a 2009 survey by student loan issuer Sallie Mae .
But many college students worry that the new laws will make it tougher for them to get credit cards , period .
With the country still struggling under tough economic conditions , more students are using credit cards to pay for tuition , books , commutes and room and board , the Sallie Mae report showed .
" It 's my safety line , " said Zachary Allen , 19 , a business administration sophomore at Saint Leo University in Saint Leo , Fla .
" I use my credit card for everything , from gas to my books to food and clothes . "
Allen has a good summer job working on the back of a garbage truck in Long Island , N.Y. , that earns him $ 15,000 a year .
But he can't convince his bank to raise his credit limit above $ 700 , and he 's been denied for other new cards .
" We 're at record high unemployment for our age group and the government is spending billions of dollars a month , but they 're not helping students , " Allen said .
" Why is n't Congress helping us instead putting more constraints and pressure on us ? "
Game changer
The biggest new obstacle for those under 21 will be getting a co-signer , which can be a parent or any adult willing to put his own credit score on the line .
If those under 21 can't get a co-signer , then they need to show they have the financial ability to pay off a credit card .
Banks will determine that threshold .
Gone will be the stuffed bears , T - shirts , backpacks and water bottles that used to clutter credit card application tables on campuses , because the law also prohibits such tangible " inducements " to tempt students .
The law will continue to allow those under 21 to apply online for credit cards , but they still have to meet the tougher new requirements , according to Federal Reserve rules and banks .
Consumer advocates herald the rules and say they will stem the tide of newly graduated students over - burdened by credit card debt they were n't quite ready for .
" I think it 's going to keep a lot of students from getting into trouble , " said Irene Leech , an associate professor in consumer studies at Virginia Tech University .
" I hope it means we 'll have more responsible lending and parents do n't get surprised that a young person has taken out this debt . "
The law comes too late for Gloria McDonald of Crestline , Ohio , who was surprised to discover her daughter , a student at Ohio University at Athens , Ohio , had maxed out five credit cards , racking up $ 8,000 of debt at a 23.99 % interest rate .
McDonald had to borrow against her life insurance policy to pay down the debt .
" I cannot believe that these card companies were allowed to take such advantage of college kids , " McDonald said .
" How could they possibly issue cards with high credit limits to kids with no visible means of support . "
Consequences
It 's unclear whether or not the new law will prevent students from getting access to credit , generally , even if they meet the new mandates .
Banks have already pulled back from issuing as many cards to the student market , in the same way that they 're pulling back from lots of areas they now consider risky .
" We 're in a transition period , so it 's hard to predict , " said American Bankers Association spokesman Peter Garuccio .
" But it 'll be tougher for some folks to get credit cards .
That may include young adults . "
But some states already have even stronger laws already in place .
For example , in New York , all colleges must prohibit any on - campus marketing of credit cards to students .
Texas allows such marketing in " designated areas , " but requires credit cards that do market on campus to also provide financial literacy programs .
A free backpack and water bottle drew Rosa Nunez who , at 18 , was given a credit card with a $ 8,500 limit , as she walked past the front entrance of LaGuardia Community College in New York .
It was a learning experience .
At one point , she took a vacation she could n't really afford that made it difficult for her to buy books when she returned .
Nine years later , she 's grateful for access to credit cards , which allowed her to build up a good credit score and buy a house in Queens at 27 .
" I do agree there should be new standards in place .
Freshman should n't get credit limits of $ 5,000 , it should be appropriate to their income , " said Nunez who is finishing her marketing degree this year at Baruch College in New York .
" However , I do n't agree that it should be so difficult for them to get credit at all . "
When world leaders convene in Copenhagen , Denmark , next week to discuss climate change , they will be addressing a concern that , as the latest Pew Global Attitudes survey finds , is widely shared throughout much of the world .
The survey , conducted May 18 to June 16 , also reveals that majorities in 23 of 25 countries agree that protecting the environment should be given priority , even at the cost of slower economic growth and job losses .
And many are willing to make sacrifices , such as having to pay higher prices , to address global warming .
Concern about climate change is much less pervasive in the United States , China and Russia than among other leading nations .
Just 44 % in the U.S. and Russia , and even fewer in China ( 30 % ) , consider global warming to be a very serious problem .
By comparison , 68 % in France , 65 % in Japan , 61 % in Spain and 60 % in Germany say that is the case .
Americans ’ views of global warming divide along ideological lines — liberals are more than twice as likely as conservatives to say global warming is a very serious problem ( 66 % vs. 30 % ) .
Surveys from 2008 and 2009 suggest that an ideological divide is also evident in Britain , where 66 % of those on the political left rate global warming as very serious , compared with 42 % of those on the right .
A smaller ideological split exists in Germany , France and Spain .
While there is agreement around the world that climate change is a serious problem , there is much less international consensus as to which country is most trusted to do the right thing on this issue .
However , expectations for President Barack Obama ’s approach to climate change are high .
Majorities or pluralities in 21 of the 25 countries surveyed believe Obama will “ get the U.S. to take significant measures to control global climate change . ”
Expectations are especially high in Western Europe .
The following excerpt from “ Confidence in Obama Lifts U.S. Image Around the World ; Most Muslim Publics Not So Easily Moved , ” released July 23 , 2009 , analyzes how publics in the 25 countries surveyed view global warming and environmental issues more broadly .
Global Warming
Large majorities in every country surveyed believe that global warming is a serious problem , and majorities in 15 of the 25 countries say it is “ very serious . ”
By a wide margin , Brazilians are the most concerned about this issue — nine - in - ten in Brazil say it is a very serious problem .
Roughly two - thirds or more rate it as very serious in Argentina ( 69 % ) , France ( 68 % ) , South Korea ( 68 % ) , India ( 67 % ) , Turkey ( 65 % ) , Japan ( 65 % ) and Mexico ( 65 % ) .
Anxiety about global warming is less pervasive among Israelis ( 48 % ) , Kenyans ( 48 % ) , Canadians ( 47 % ) and Indonesians ( 44 % ) .
Moreover , concern about global warming is low among the publics of some big polluters — including the U.S. , Russia and China .
Only about four - in - ten in the U.S. ( 44 % ) and Russia ( 44 % ) say that global warming is a very serious problem .
The Chinese express the least concern — only 30 % say it is a very serious problem , up slightly from last year ( 24 % ) .
Concern about changes in the global climate has increased in many countries since 2008 — including the three Middle Eastern countries of Egypt , Jordan and Lebanon .
The share of Egyptians who believe that global warming is a very serious problem has increased 16 percentage points , from 38 % in 2008 to 54 % in 2009 .
In Lebanon and Jordan , where roughly four - in - ten said this issue was a very serious problem last year ( 43 % in Lebanon , 41 % in Jordan ) , majorities now rate it as very serious ( 53 % in Lebanon , 54 % in Jordan ) .
And today in Nigeria a majority ( 57 % ) rate this environmental problem as very serious , compared with 45 % last year .
While anxieties about global warming remain mostly widespread , some publics are less worried than they were in 2008 — especially in Turkey , Poland and Japan .
The decline was steep in Turkey , where the percentage rating global warming as a very serious problem dropped by 17 points , from 82 % last year to a still substantial 65 % this year .
Today in Poland about one - third ( 36 % ) express strong concern about shifts in the global climate , compared with a small majority one year ago ( 51 % ) .
The Japanese have steadily become less worried about this issue since the question was first asked two years ago ( 78 % in 2007 , 73 % in 2008 , 65 % in 2009 ) .
In the U.S. , where 44 % say global warming is a very serious problem , more than six - in - ten Democrats ( 63 % ) express concern over this issue , compared with fewer than one - in - five ( 17 % ) Republicans .
Among independents , 43 % say this is a very serious problem .
Prioritizing the Environment
Not only are respondents in many countries expressing concern over the issue of global warming , but beliefs are widespread that sacrifices may need to be made to protect the environment .
Majorities in 23 of 25 countries agree with the statement “ Protecting the environment should be given priority , even if it causes slower economic growth and some loss of jobs . ”
However , in several countries public opinion is not as decisive .
Indonesian public opinion is split — 47 % agree with prioritizing the environment over economic growth and 50 % disagree .
A slim majority of Egyptians ( 53 % ) support protecting the environment at the cost of economic expansion , but nearly as many disagree ( 45 % ) .
Jordanians are the least likely to say that environmental concerns should take precedence over economic growth ( 39 % agree , 58 % disagree ) .
This represents a 14 - point decrease since 2007 , when a majority in Jordan ( 53 % ) agreed .
In three nations that have enjoyed strong economic growth in recent years — India , China and Brazil — agreement on this issue is nearly universal .
Roughly eight - in - ten in India ( 84 % ) , China ( 82 % ) and Brazil ( 79 % ) agree with prioritizing the environment over rapid economic expansion .
Agreement on this issue has decreased in several countries .
The change has been most dramatic in Spain , where the proportion of respondents who agree with this statement declined by 17 percentage points , from 80 % in 2007 to 63 % in 2009 .
Pay More to Address Climate Change ?
While solid majorities in most countries say the environment should be a priority , even at the expense of economic growth , there is less of a consensus regarding whether people should pay higher prices to deal with climate change .
Majorities or pluralities in 14 of the 25 nations agree with the statement “ People should be willing to pay higher prices in order to address global climate change . ”
In 11 nations however , majorities or pluralities disagree over combating changes in the global climate by paying higher prices .
Agreement on this issue is widespread in many of the Asian nations surveyed .
Nearly all in China ( 88 % ) and India ( 85 % ) and more than two - thirds in South Korea ( 69 % ) and Japan ( 68 % ) believe that people should be willing to pay higher prices to protect the environment .
Only about one - third in Pakistan ( 36 % ) agree — though nearly as many are unable to offer an opinion ( 29 % ) .
On the other hand , a majority of Indonesians disagree with this statement ( 64 % ) .
In Western Europe , slim majorities in Germany ( 54 % ) , Britain ( 53 % ) and France ( 51 % ) support raising prices to address climate change .
Opinions are almost equally split among the Spanish ( 49 % agree vs. 48 % disagree ) .
In the U.S. , roughly four - in - ten ( 41 % ) agree that people should pay higher prices to support the environment , but more ( 55 % ) disagree .
However , among Canadians more agree than disagree with this statement ( 54 % vs. 44 % ) .
Among the publics surveyed , Jordanians and Egyptians are the most likely to disagree with tackling global climate change through increased prices ( 73 % in Jordan , 69 % in Egypt ) .
Disagreement is also common among a solid majority in Mexico ( 61 % ) , and to a lesser extent majorities in Argentina ( 54 % ) , Nigeria ( 54 % ) and Russia ( 52 % ) .
Most Trusted to Deal With Global Warming
When asked which country among India , Germany , China , Brazil , Japan , the U.S. and Russia they trust the most to do the right thing in dealing with the problem of global warming , majorities or pluralities in six of 25 countries name the U.S. Americans are the most likely to do so ( 57 % ) , followed by Nigerians ( 55 % ) , Kenyans ( 48 % ) , Israelis ( 45 % ) , Indonesians ( 37 % ) and Canadians ( 31 % ) .
Germany stands out as the most trusted country among the publics in Western Europe .
Majorities of the French ( 62 % ) and pluralities of the British ( 34 % ) and the Spanish ( 31 % ) identify Germany .
And not unlike the Americans , a majority of Germans credit their own country ( 77 % ) as the most trusted to handle the issue of global warming .
Germany is also favored by a small plurality in Lebanon ( 23 % ) .
Publics in India and Brazil believe their own country can be trusted to do the right thing in dealing with this environmental issue .
A majority of Indians ( 55 % ) identify India and 45 % of Brazilians name Brazil as the country that can most be trusted to address global warming .
In no other countries do majorities or pluralities cite India or Brazil as the most trusted .
A majority of Chinese ( 57 % ) are not alone in their belief that China is the most trusted country to deal with changes in the global climate — more than four - in - ten ( 45 % ) Pakistanis name China as well .
Similarly , in addition to a plurality of the Japanese ( 38 % ) , a quarter of Jordanians ( 25 % ) identify Japan as the most trusted country when it comes to combating global warming .
A simple one - step process that produces both n- type and p- type doping of large - area graphene surfaces could facilitate use of the promising material for future electronic devices .
The doping technique can also be used to increase conductivity in graphene nanoribbons used for interconnects .
By applying a commercially - available spin-on - glass ( SOG ) material to graphene and then exposing it to electron - beam radiation , researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology created both types of doping by simply varying the exposure time .
Higher levels of e-beam energy produced p- type areas , while lower levels produced n- type areas .
The technique was used to fabricate high - resolution p -n junctions .
When properly passivated , the doping created by the SOG is expected to remain indefinitely in the graphene sheets studied by the researchers .
" This is an enabling step toward making possible complementary metal oxide graphene transistors , " said Raghunath Murali , a senior research engineer in Georgia Tech 's Nanotechnology Research Center .
A paper describing the technique appears this week in the journal Applied Physics Letters .
The research was supported by the Semiconductor Research Corporation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) through the Interconnect Focus Center .
In the new doping process , Murali and graduate student Kevin Brenner begin by removing flakes of graphene one to four layers thick from a block of graphite .
They place the material onto a surface of oxidized silicon , then fabricate a four - point contact device .
advertisement
Next , they spin on films of hydrogen silsesquoxane ( HSQ ) , then cure certain portions of the resulting thin film using electron beam radiation .
The technique provides precise control over the amount of radiation and where it is applied to the graphene , with higher levels of energy corresponding to more cross-linking of the HSQ .
" We gave varying doses of electron - beam radiation and then studied how it influenced the properties of carriers in the graphene lattice , " Murali said .
" The e-beam gave us a fine range of control that could be valuable for fabricating nanoscale devices .
We can use an electron beam with a diameter of four or five nanometers that allows very precise doping patterns . "
Electronic measurements showed that a graphene p-n junction created by the new technique had large energy separations , indicating strong doping effects , he added .
Researchers elsewhere have demonstrated graphene doping using a variety of processes including soaking the material in various solutions and exposing it to a variety of gases .
The Georgia Tech process is believed to be the first to provide both electron and hole doping from a single dopant material .
Doping processes used for graphene are likely to be significantly different from those established for silicon use , Murali said .
In silicon , the doping step substitutes atoms of a different material for silicon atoms in the material 's lattice .
advertisement
In the new single - step process for graphene , the doping is believed to introduce atoms of hydrogen and oxygen in the vicinity of the carbon lattice .
The oxygen and hydrogen do n't replace carbon atoms , but instead occupy locations atop the lattice structure .
" Energy applied to the SOG breaks chemical bonds and releases hydrogen and oxygen which bond with the carbon lattice , " Murali said .
" A high e-beam energy converts the whole SOG structure to more of a network , and then you have more oxygen than hydrogen , resulting in a p - type doping . "
In volume manufacturing , the electron beam radiation would likely be replaced by a conventional lithography process , Murali said .
Varying the reflectance or transmission of the mask set would control the amount of radiation reaching the SOG , and that would determine whether n- type or p-type areas are created .
" Making everything in a single step would avoid some of the expensive lithography steps , " he said .
" Gray - scale lithography would allow fine control of doping across the entire surface of the wafer . "
For doping bulk areas such as interconnects that do not require patterning , the researchers simply coat the area with HSQ and expose it to a plasma source .
The technique can make the nanoribbons up to 10 times more conductive than untreated graphene .
Because HSQ is already familiar to the microelectronics industry , the one - step approach to doping could help integrate graphene into existing processes , avoiding a disruption of the massive semiconductor design and fabrication system , Murali noted .
Over the past two years , researchers in the Nanotechnology Research Center had observed changes caused by application of HSQ during electrical testing .
Only recently did they take a closer look at what was happening to understand how to take advantage of the phenomenon .
For the future , they 'd like to better understand how the process works and whether other polymers might provide better results .
" We need to have a better understanding of how to control this process because variability is one of the issues that must be controlled to make manufacturing feasible , " Murali explained .
" We are trying to identify other polymers that may provide better control or stronger doping levels . "
Debatte über Islamophobie Peinlicher Aufklärungsunterricht
Mehr Selbstverachtung und Realitätsverlust war selten :
In deutschen Feuilletons tobt eine neue Debatte über den richtigen Dialog mit dem Islam .
Kurioserweise werden dabei ausgerechnet jene Publizisten als " Hassprediger " bezeichnet , die auf westliche Werte wie Aufklärung und Menschenrechte pochen .
Von Reinhard Mohr
For whatever reason — global warming seems to be one — Bolivia ’s Chacaltaya glacier , whose runoff provided water for the contiguous cities of La Paz and El Alto for centuries , is now gone .
Glaciers reconstitute themselves , if at all , outside the span of human time : we will not see so much ice shimmer again above the harsh brown altiplano , the highland plateau where two thirds of all Bolivians live .
Other glaciers in the Bolivian Andes — like the Illimani , so beautiful to look at — are also melting , and in all likelihood will disappear before 2040 .
I had n’t really understood the water poverty of the altiplano until a few years ago , at a celebration sponsored by several farming villages some twenty miles from Lake Titicaca on the border between Bolivia and Peru .
By Bolivian standards this was a privileged community , located not far from both a major thoroughfare and an important water source .
The festivity was a big event ; a rededication of one of those imposing churches the Spanish missionary orders used to build in the middle of nowhere .
All around it , the adobe houses and the earth were the same dun color , and against this background the village elders stood out in their magnificent black robes , adorned in scarlet and with flashes of silver .
Soon the midday meal was served , and only a city tourist like me could have doubted that it was a magnificent spread : proudly , the campesinos rolled out two strips of black plastic on the ground , and then emptied on them many sacks of cooked potatoes of every color , size and taste : little potatoes left to freeze underground in the winter , larger blackish potatoes left to freeze in the streams , pink and yellow and white freshly - harvested boiled potatoes .
Coarse salt was provided as an accompaniment , along with small amounts of a venomously hot chile sauce and quite a bit of white cheese that tasted of equal parts salt and curd .
This , for campesinos in what was until recently the poorest country in South America , was a banquet , produced by scratching the earth with sticks and hoes and guiding the available water to each potato plant by means of backbreaking labor .
Life seemed so desperately hard in the shadow of that church .
The urgent question now is how a population with almost no water will deal with even less water when the ice has finished melting .
Although most Bolivians are still at least as poor as the villagers at the feast , their country is no longer the poorest in South America because seemingly every corner of its territory hides untold mineral wealth beneath a stingy surface .
First there was silver .
After the mountains that produced it were gutted into swiss cheese , tin became a major export .
Now a mountain made of iron ore is scheduled to be strip - mined by a multinational corporation headquartered in India , while on the altiplano a US concern is getting ready to mine a previously untouched mountain made of silver and zinc .
One of the most spectacular landscapes on earth , the surreal salt flats of Uyuni , will be mined extensively for lithium , of which Bolivia has the second largest deposits in the world .
Most importantly , in his first two years in power Evo Morales nationalized the country ’s enormous reserves of natural gas , and profitable contracts were negotiated with South American and US companies , among others , for the exploitation and sale of the fuel , which is deposited underground in the subamazonian eastern half of the country .
So the country has become a little less poor , and the population of Bolivia is only about ten million , of which approximately two - thirds live on the parched altiplano .
But all the money in the world could n’t buy the water needed to supply the rural and urban populations of the highlands .
Water is already an explosive political issue ; in the year 2000 a “ water war ” was fought over the privatization of water distribution in Cochabamba province .
The “ war ” turned out to be the first battle in a period of popular turmoil that culminated in Morales ’s 2006 victory .
During those years there were five presidents , two of whom were overthrown in popular revolts ; dozens of people were killed ; and even in areas not involved in the conflict , roads were blocked for weeks on end and commerce was virtually paralyzed .
Perhaps worst of all , old tensions were exacerbated almost to the point of civil war between the impoverished altiplano and the tropical east — which in addition to natural gas , has water in abundance , the iron ore mountain of El Mutún , and a prosperous city , Santa Cruz , where most of the country ’s self - described white people live .
Whatever else one may think of Evo Morales , that civil war has not erupted .
He inherited a country in which no president in ten years had lasted longer than three , and has not only served a full term but been reelected to another by a comfortable majority , and with no uprising by his sworn enemies in Santa Cruz .
The government has set up a National Program of Adaptation to Climate Change , which is supposed to optimize water use and oversee its rationing in the immediate future .
Morales has the political leeway of the freshly - reelected ; a gas - fuelled economic boomlet ; deep - rooted support among the indigenous population , a few significant social programs ; a less yammering style than the man he appears to idolize , Hugo Chávez ; and not nearly enough time .
There are unsettled conflicts not only in Santa Cruz but closer to home in El Alto , whose million - plus inhabitants also went to “ war ” over water issues during the years of conflict and who suffer perhaps more than anyone from the current drought .
Like its mineral wealth , political instability is always just under the surface in Bolivia , and it ’s hard to see how the loss of a glacier there can be prevented from turning into a social meltdown .
President Obama ’s announcement of $ 8 billion in loan guarantees for construction of two new nuclear reactors – the first in the U.S. in 30 years – has drawn virtually unanimous opposition from environmental groups , and one major labor leader questions whether it will create American jobs as promised .
The loan guarantees will go to Southern Co. to build the reactors in Georgia .
The Atlanta - based company is one of the nation ’s biggest operators of coal - fired power plants .
“ Nuclear energy remains our largest source of fuel that produces no carbon emissions , ” Obama said .
“ To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst consequences of climate change , we ’ll need to increase our supply of nuclear power .
It ’s that simple . ”
The administration said the project would generate 3,500 construction jobs and 800 permanent positions once the reactors begin operating – estimated for 2016 or 2017 .
Obama ’s 2011 budget adds $ 36 billion in loan guarantees for nuclear power plant construction to $ 18.5 billion allocated by President Bush but not spent .
The Sierra Club , Natural Resources Defense Council , Public Citizen and others called the move a costly and potentially dangerous mistake .
“ We need to prioritize the cleanest , cheapest , safest , and fastest ways to reduce emissions and nuclear power is neither clean , cheap , nor fast , nor safe , ” said Sierra Club Executive Director Carl Pope .
The $ 8 billion for the Georgia reactors is unlikely to cover even half the final cost , Pope said in a statement .
“ Retrofitting our homes and commercial buildings would result in significantly greater emissions reductions almost immediately – at far less cost – and would also cut energy bills in the long run . ”
Christopher Paine , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council ’s Nuclear Program , said in a statement , “ Energy sources should compete for public dollars based on how well they provide the clean , efficient and affordable power we need .
On that basis , nuclear power has a long way to go .
It remains a high - cost , subsidy - dependent , radioactive - waste generating , water - depleting , non-renewable energy source that still carries with it the low probability of a high - consequence accident . ”
Tyson Slocum , director of Public Citizen ’s Energy Project , said the loan program jeopardizes public money on “ financially risky and uncertified nuclear technology ” and “ takes us entirely in the wrong direction . ”
Republicans are big backers of nuclear power .
They are also blocking the president ’s energy / climate change bill in the Senate .
The bill would curb industrial greenhouse gas emissions and promote renewable energy .
Obama ’s move on nuclear power , along with support for coastal oil drilling , is seen as an effort to drum up enough Republican support to prevent a filibuster and pass the energy bill .
Pope took note of those calculations .
The nuclear power loan guarantees announced by Obama last week “ may ease the politics around comprehensive clean energy and climate legislation , ” Pope said , “ but we do not believe that they are the best policy . ”
Pope said studies show that investment in “ outdated ” oil , coal and nuclear power sources creates “ far fewer jobs per dollar than investments in energy efficiency and clean energy . ”
Meanwhile , Steelworkers union President Leo Gerard has sent a letter to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission expressing concern about “ the potential foreign sourcing of components for these reactors , ” which he said “ limits our nation ’s ability to address our unacceptably high unemployment rate . ”
Westinghouse , which designed the reactors ’ central components , says these parts can be obtained only from steel mills in Japan and South Korea .
Westinghouse , based in Pittsburgh but owned by the Japanese company Toshiba , says it is considering design changes that could allow U.S. steel companies to bid for the work .
Paine suggested that the nuclear power industry build a few state - of - the - art reactors in areas that have few wind , solar or other renewable resources , to test whether nuclear power is cost - effective as part of a national strategy to reduce global warming pollution .
But now is not the time to “ burden taxpayers with additional subsidies ” for the nuclear industry , he said .
“ We can get far more for our money by investing in efficiency gains , conservation and innovative technologies that generate power from wind , solar and other renewable sources ; as well as biomass and waste heat from industry . ”
The Union of Concerned Scientists says nuclear power “ could play a role in reducing global warming emissions because reactors emit almost no carbon while they operate . ”
But , it says , the nuclear power industry “ must resolve major economic , safety , security , and waste disposal challenges before new nuclear reactors could make a significant contribution to reducing carbon emissions . ”
A study by the group last year found that the U.S. can make “ dramatic cuts in power plant carbon emissions ” in the coming decades without significantly expanding nuclear power .
Photo : The Fermi nuclear power plant , near Detroit .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/42232541@N04/ / CC BY -SA 2.0
While Los Angeles city officials and hired consultants tinker with the draft of a mammoth bike plan , vocal critics in the cycling community complain it does not include enough new bike lanes and presents a mishmash of paths and routes that are unintelligible to the average cyclist .
But instead of merely nay - saying , one group of cycling advocates and bloggers known as the L.A. Bike Working Group is developing an alternative bike plan .
They are starting with a network of long - distance bike routes they are comparing to a freeway system for cyclists .
Conceptual maps of the proposed Backbone Bikeway Network envision a network of long - distance routes designed to provide cyclists safe passage between different neighborhoods along heavily - traveled corridors , including Wilshire , Venice , Whittier and Sepulveda boulevards .
" The city really is more palatable when you have a straight shot through it , with less lights and less stop signs , " said Mihai Peteu , 28 , who helped design the map after holding public meetings with cyclists throughout the city .
" I think cyclists deserve to have something similar to the freeway system . "
It 's just an idea , Peteu said .
But given a little funding to paint bike lanes , improve the pavement and create shared bike - car lanes called sharrows , such a system could give cyclists a speedier way around town .
-- Tony Barboza
Graphic courtesy of L.A. Bike Working Group
Here is Warren Buffett 's annual letter to shareholders .
The following is an excerpt on housing ( Buffett focuses on manufactured housing because Berkshire owns Clayton Homes ) :
The [ manufactured homes ] industry is in shambles for two reasons , the first of which must be lived with if the U.S. economy is to recover .
This reason concerns U.S. housing starts ( including apartment units ) .
In 2009 , starts were 554,000 , by far the lowest number in the 50 years for which we have data .
Paradoxically , this is good news .
People thought it was good news a few years back when housing starts – the supply side of the picture – were running about two million annually .
But household formations – the demand side – only amounted to about 1.2 million .
After a few years of such imbalances , the country unsurprisingly ended up with far too many houses .
There were three ways to cure this overhang : ( 1 ) blow up a lot of houses , a tactic similar to the destruction of autos that occurred with the “ cash - for - clunkers ” program ; ( 2 ) speed up household formations by , say , encouraging teenagers to cohabitate , a program not likely to suffer from a lack of volunteers or ; ( 3 ) reduce new housing starts to a number far below the rate of household formations .
Our country has wisely selected the third option , which means that within a year or so residential housing problems should largely be behind us , the exceptions being only high - value houses and those in certain localities where overbuilding was particularly egregious .
Prices will remain far below “ bubble ” levels , of course , but for every seller ( or lender ) hurt by this there will be a buyer who benefits .
Indeed , many families that could n’t afford to buy an appropriate home a few years ago now find it well within their means because the bubble burst .
[ T ]he number of excess units should finally start declining in 2010 - perhaps by more than 600 thousand units , perhaps even cut in half .
Note : Buffett also mentions an industry specific reason reason that manufactured housing is in trouble - the differential in mortgage rates between factory - built homes and site - built homes .
I agree with Buffett 's general comments on housing , except I think it might take a little longer to work down the excess housing inventory than Buffett 's " a year or so " - I guess it depends on the definition of " so " !
In Housing Stock and Flow , I argued that substantial progress will be made this year in working down the inventory :
As Buffett notes , this low level of starts is good news for the housing market , but it is also bad news for the economy and jobs in the short term .
The good news is the excess housing inventory is being absorbed - a necessary step for housing ( and the economy ) to recover .
The bad news is economic growth will probably be sluggish - and unemployment elevated - until residential investment picks up .
Copyright Monopolies In The Middle Of Health Care Reform Debate As Well
from the all - about - the - monopoly - money dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
An anonymous reader sent over yet another example of copyright being abused for monopolist reasons that have absolutelyto do with " promoting the progress , " and actually represent a serious healthcare issue .
I had no idea , but apparently the various " codes " used by doctors to classify every visit are actually covered by a copyright held by the American Medical Association , which refuses to allow any free or open distribution of the codes ( known as Current Procedural Terminology ( CPT ) ) .
That 's because the AMA makes about $ 70 million per year " licensing " the codes .
I'm having serious trouble figuring out what about the codes could actually be covered by copyright , however .
They 're numbers corresponding to a particular medical service .
As the post above notes , it 's things like " 90801 Psychiatric Diagnostic Interview . "
It 's difficult to see what the creative component of such a listing is that would allow it to be granted any sort of copyright protection .
A simple database of codes by itself should n't really qualify , should it ?
However , the real issue seems to be that Medicare and Medicaid have required the use of these codes , meaning that pretty much everyone needs to use them ... and then has to pay up for them .
While a court did find that this arrangement clearly involved the AMA misusing its copyright and noted that " the adverse effects of the licensing agreement are apparent , " the AMA did some legal tap dancing to get around the issue and keep things effectively the same .
So why is this bad for pretty much everyone outside of the AMA ?
It makes it that much more difficult to comparison shop between doctor 's services , since publishing such info can run afoul of the copyrights .
One of the biggest problems in healthcare today is the fact that the true costs of pretty much everything are hidden from the consumer through a convoluted insurance system .
The end result of any economic situation where the true costs are hidden from the buyers is that the market is woefully inefficient .
But , so long as that inefficiency lets the AMA collect $ 70 million per year ( double what the AMA makes from membership dues ) , it does n't seem to care .
Filed Under : codes , copyright , healthcare , monopolies
Companies : ama
[ Haskell - cafe ] darcs 2.4 beta 2 release
Hi all ,
The darcs team would like to announce the immediate availability of darcs 2.4 beta 2 . darcs 2.4 will contain many improvements and bugfixes compared to darcs 2.3.1 .
Highlights are the fast index - based diffing which is now used by all darcs commands , and the experimental interactive hunk editing .
This beta is your chance to test - drive these improvements and make darcs even better .
The easiest way to install darcs is using the Haskell Platform [ 1 ] .
If you have installed the Haskell Platform or cabal - install , you can install this beta release by doing : $ cabal update $ cabal install -- reinstall darcs - beta Alternatively , you can download the tarball from http://darcs.net/releases/darcs-2.3.98.2.tar.gz , and build it by hand as explained in the README file .
Interactive hunk editing ------------------------
The interactive hunk editing feature is included in this beta .
However , be aware that we are not entirely sure that the user interface in this version is ready yet .
You 're welcome to try it out , but be prepared for a learning curve that 's somewhat steeper than usual for darcs .
To try out interactive hunk editing , press 'e ' when you are prompted with a hunk patch by ' darcs record ' .
You will then be shown an editor screen in which you can edit the contents of the hunk as darcs should consider them to have been before and after the hunk patch you edit .
You can edit the state you want to record between the last two " === " lines .
You can find more information about the hunk editing feature on http://wiki.darcs.net/HunkEditor .
Reporting bugs
--------------
If you have an issue with darcs 2.4 beta 2 , you can report it via the web on http://bugs.darcs.net/ .
You can also report bugs by email to bugs at darcs .
net .
What 's New ----------
A list of important changes since 2.3.1 is as follows ( please let me know if there 's something you miss ! ) : * Use fast index - based diffing everywhere ( Petr ) * Interactive patch splitting ( Ganesh ) *
An 'optimize -- upgrade ' option to convert to hashed format in - place ( Eric ) * Hunk matching ( Kamil Dworakowski , tat. wright ) * Progress reporting is no longer deceptive ( Roman ) * A ' remove -- recursive ' option to remove a directory tree from revision control ( Roman ) * ' show files ' accepts arguments to show a subset of tracked files ( Luca ) * A '- - remote - darcs ' flag for pushing to a host where darcs is n't called darcs *
Many miscellaneous Windows improvements ( Salvatore , Petr and others ) * ' darcs send ' now mentions the repository name in the email body ( Joachim ) * Handle files with boring names in the repository correctly ( Petr ) * Fix parsing of .authorspellings file ( Tomáš ) * Various sane new command - line option names ( Florent ) * Remove the ' - - checkpoint ' option ( Petr ) * Use external libraries for all UTF - 8 handling ( Eric , Reinier ) * Use the Haskell zlib package exclusively for compression ( Petr ) A list of issues resolved since 2.3.1 : * 183 : do not sort changes -- summary output * 223 : add -- remote - darcs flag to specify name of remote darcs executable * 291 : provide ( basic ) interactive patch splitting * 540 : darcs remove -- recursive * 835 : ' show files ' with arguments * 1122 : get -- complete should not offer to create a lazy repository * 1216 : list Match section in ToC * 1224 : refuse to convert a repo that 's already in darcs - 2 format * 1300 : logfile deleted on unsucessful record * 1308 : push should warn about unpulled patches * before * patch - selection * 1336 : sane error message on -- last " " ( empty string to numbers parser ) * 1362 : mention repo name in mail send body * 1377 : getProgname for local darcs instances * 1392 : use parsec to parse .authorspelling * 1424 : darcs get wrongly reports " using lazy repository " if you ctrl-c old - fashioned get * 1447 : different online help for send / apply -- cc * 1488 : fix crash in whatsnew when invoked in non-tracked directory * 1548 : show contents requires at least one argument * 1554 : allow opt- out of - threaded ( fix ARM builds ) * 1563 : official thank - you page * 1578 : do n't put newlines in the Haskeline prompts * 1583 : on darcs get , suggest upgrading source repo to hashed * 1584 : provide optimize -- upgrade command * 1588 : add -- skip - conflicts option * 1594 : define PREPROCHTML in makefile * 1620 : make amend leave a log file when it should * 1636 : hunk matching * 1643 : optimize -- upgrade should do optimize * 1652 : suggest cabal update before cabal install * 1659 : make restrictBoring take recorded state into account * 1677 : create correct hashes for empty directories in index * 1681 : preserve log on amend failure * 1709 : fix short version of progress reporting * 1712 : correctly report number of patches to pull * 1720 : fix cabal haddock problem * 1731 : fix performance regression in check and repair Kind Regards , the darcs release manager , Reinier Lamers [ 1 ] :
You can download the Haskell platform from http://hackage.haskell.org/platform/
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 197 bytes Desc :
This is a digitally signed message part .
Url : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20100120/0121ba83/attachment.bin
Written by Rachel Phillips
Patapon 2 is preceded by the huge success of the original Patapon .
It ’s a lot to live up to , especially with the Best Game of 2008 award and the switch into downloadable games for the PSP .
After a long wait for the PSP to decide to connect to the internet , I put in my code for the game , downloaded , installed , and loaded it , and eagerly began to play .
I learned quickly that Patapon 2 is more of an expansion pack than an entirely new game with the same basic principles from before .
One of the best features of the game is that you can use your memory from a saved Patapon game .
This way you can start with all the stuff you worked so hard for in Patapon and use it toward building your army quicker .
This makes it easier to beat the game , but I somehow messed that part up and started with my original saved name , but not my many items , JuJus , songs , or weapons .
The story picks up where the last one left off ; the Patapons take a voyage across the ocean and wreck upon a new land .
They journey back to Patapolis to find it in ruins .
The goal of the game is to restore Patapolis and find out what happened .
Many of the missions are parallel to the original Patapon .
Most of the beasts are there to fight again , and some of the storyline , like Meden deciding to fight by herself and getting captured , happens again .
You would think Meden would have gotten smarter in this version , but maybe this is the developers having their fun .
You also have the opportunity to fight far more beasts than before .
For instance , the first beast you fight is Dodonga , the dinosaur from Patapon .
However , when it is foggy , you fight Majidonga , the second dinosaur from Patapon 1 , and when it is snowing , you fight a new dinosaur , which is really hard .
In addition , there are more levels and more challenges , which does not take up a huge amount of space on your mission landscape .
The most dominant new development is the new types of Patapons .
You still have the original 6 types , but now there are 3 more : Robopons , Toripons , and Mahopons .
These additions are great , especially the Mahopons , which can rain down fire and brimstone if upgraded enough .
Some of the original types were more disappointing this time around .
Megapons , which I loved so much before , are far weaker , so I just stopped using them after awhile .
You also can evolve your warriors in a more complicated web of evolution .
This is a pro and a con because although I like having 15 different phases , you need far more items to get the new Patapon .
However , unlike in the first installment , you do n’t have to kill the Patapon to evolve him .
Even with all these changes , the most noticeable change is the Hero Mode .
Near the beginning of the game , you rescue a hero Patapon with an attitude problem , who ends up joining you .
In my opinion , it is easier to reach FEVER in this version , but after FEVER you reach the Hero Mode , which turns the hero from a regular warrior into a super warrior , who has different special attacks depending on the type of warrior you choose to be .
You can change him as much as you want .
If you select a Tatepon , during Hero Mode he puts a shield in front of all of your troops , so no injuries are sustained at all as long as you remain in Hero Mode .
Other special attacks include giant , powerful spears , juggernaut - style charges , and a rain of fire and brimstone from above .
“ But we could beat levels just fine in the old Patapon without a powerful hero ! ” the masses cry out .
Yes , but now the levels are a lot harder and need the hero to beat them .
Some of the levels that we played in the old Patapon are also in the new Patapon , but are far harder in this version ( i.e. Cioking the %&@#ing Crab ) .
So the difficulty is adjusted for the increase in power .
The hero feature allows gamers to change up the attacks and pay more attention to keeping the beat .
Although it is much easier to keep the FEVER up , Hero Mode takes some concentration .
As great as the hero is , movement is frustrating .
The Hero can be reborn if it is struck down , but if it is killed by being desiccated or eaten , it does n’t come back .
Another instance where movement difficulty occurs is when you are under attack and punch in the Retreat song , your warriors run away except for the hero .
He stays right where he is and gets killed .
I advise that if you are well into Hero Mode do n’t try to retreat or do not be in it at all because the hero will literally be a hero and not run away .
Patapon 2 also features a greater variety of stuff .
There are the familiar things such as all the old possessions , like the rocks , vegetables , plants , etc , but now bosses drop fangs , bones , hides , juices , seeds , and other random things .
There are also 2 new minigames .
However , one of them , the dancing game , only gives you a tiny bit of KaChing , and the other gives you juices .
The juice minigame takes some getting used to , but I honestly feel that the dancing game is a waste of time .
Go hunting if you want KaChing ; you will get more and it is easier .
Additionally , there are a lot of new creatures to hunt .
One last new feature is the Patagate Portal .
You enter it with your hero and play with other heroes , who are either unlocked through gameplay or connected to other PSP’s .
Here you go through old levels you have already beaten , but in a time limit , using only 4 heroes and unlock new heroes and masks after beating it .
It is insanely difficult to keep Hero Mode in the Patagate .
Plus , the other heroes work as their own “ master ” and do n’t always follow what you do , but the treasures you get at the end are worth it .
If you liked Patapon , Patapon 2 is a logical and paramount addition to your PSP gaming repertoire .
It has all of the great things from the first game with so many new things to do .
I have beaten the game , but I have not even played through half of the content that is available .
And even after the epilogue , if you play the last level enough times , you unlock even more levels .
So yes , this game is worth playing , buying , sharing , etc , and has helped me integrate into the downloadable game code way of gaming .
Even if you do n’t want to shell out the $ 20 for the game , find a friend , because this game has the ability to be shared with other PSP’s .
Besides , it ’s hard to find a place that rents PSP games , especially since this one is a download .
Until then , I will be dancing the Don Chaka Ballad of 1999 and waiting for others to enter the Patagate with me .
Dileep Premachandran
Click here for part one
Andrew Flintoff 68 and 73 and 7 for 131 v Australia
second Test , Edgbaston , 2005
Emboldened by the absence of Glenn McGrath , England had gone hell for leather on the opening day , with Flintoff blasting six fours and five sixes in a 62 - ball 68 .
Having then mopped up Australia 's tail to ensure a lead of 99 , he came to the crease a second time with England in disarray .
Half the side was gone and the lead only 171 .
Less than two hours later it was 131 for 9 , and as Simon Jones marked his guard , the Flintoff gameplan changed .
The hitting was no less powerful - six fours and four sixes - but this was a calculated assault , with the waning duo of Jason Gillespie and Michael Kasprowicz singled out for especially harsh treatment .
After that 73 , Flintoff pounded in to bowl Justin Langer and have Ricky Ponting caught behind in a fearsome first over .
When Shane Warne trod on his stumps that dramatic fourth morning , it seemed as though Flintoff 's labours were over .
They were , but only just .
Kevin Pietersen 158 v Australia
fifth Test , The Oval , 2005
Having failed in the first innings , Pietersen arrived at the crease with Glenn McGrath on a hat - trick .
The lead was a thin 73 , and Australia scented an opportunity to maintain their hold on the urn .
The key moment came not long after .
An edge off Brett Lee and the ball headed to Shane Warne at slip .
He could n't hold on , and though he atoned with wickets right through the afternoon , Pietersen was undaunted , pulling , slashing and thumping the ball with disdain .
There were some astonishing shots off Lee , and some hefty clubs off Warne , and by the time he was eighth out with the lead 314 , the destination of the Ashes had been confirmed .
So what if he had a skunk on his head ?
Rahul Dravid 81 and 68 v West Indies
fourth Test , Jamaica , 2006
After Tests on three featherbeds , the batsmen were woefully underprepared for this bouncy and challenging Sabina Park surface .
India slid to 91 for 6 before Dravid and Anil Kumble added 93 to lend the score some respectability .
Dravid batted nearly the whole day for his 81 , and more than the shots he played , it was his judgment of which deliveries to leave that was a real lesson for everyone else .
After they had built a lead of 97 , India 's batting crumbled a second time .
No other batsman crossed 20 , yet Dravid 's control was absolute , until Corey Collymore got one to shoot through at shin height .
As in the first innings , he was the eighth man out , having shown his mastery in conditions that had subdued other greats of the game .
India won by 49 runs .
Muttiah Muralitharan , 8 for 70 v England
third Test , Trent Bridge , 2006
After some typically manic hitting had helped stretch Sri Lanka 's first innings to 231 , Murali played his part in puncturing the English response .
With England then left to chase 325 for the win , his wiles were far too much to handle on a dry surface that must have reminded the tourists of home .
Marcus Trescothick fell to the doosra , and thereafter it was a procession , with Tillakaratne Dilshan taking some stunning catches at short leg .
Murali took the first seven wickets to fall , and there was talk of him emulating Jim Laker and Anil Kumble , but a direct hit from Chamara Kapugedera ended those hopes .
There was still time for one more wicket , though , as Sri Lanka romped to a series - levelling victory .
Herschelle Gibbs 175 v Australia
fifth ODI , Wanderers , 2006
Just how do you chase down 434 ?
With the scale of the task facing them so unprecedented , South Africa opted to go out swinging .
And how !
The 100 of the innings took just 12.2 overs , and by the halfway mark they were 229 for 2 .
Graeme Smith had departed by then , but Gibbs sailed on serenely , clubbing the ball this way and that .
It took him 46 balls to score his half - century .
From there to a hundred in 33 balls , and only a further 21 to reach 150 .
By the time he was out , with more than 18 overs left , he had 175 from 111 , and the impossible had become possible .
Mark Boucher and Johan van der Wath finished things off .
Bowlers the world over wept .
Shane Warne 4 for 49 v England
second Test , Adelaide , 2006
He had bowled 53 overs in the first innings , and been taken for 167 runs on a pitch that could have doubled as a cemetery plot for bowlers .
England started the final day 97 in front , with nine wickets standing .
They had added 10 more runs when Andrew Strauss was given out caught off the pad .
After that , Warne went to work in earnest .
Kevin Pietersen was bowled behind his legs out of the rough , and the remaining batsmen were so paralysed by fear that they might have been ants under a magnifying glass waiting for the sun to fry them .
The last nine wickets fell for 60 runs .
Warne took four , and with Glenn McGrath , Brett Lee and Stuart Clark also in constrictor mode at the other end , England had nowhere to hide .
A boring draw metamorphosed into a series - defining victory .
Tendulkar : ton in the time of terror © Getty Images
Enlarge
Adam Gilchrist 149 v Sri Lanka
World Cup final , Barbados , 2007
The World Cup final has seen some astonishing innings , starting with Clive Lloyd in 1975 .
This , though , was batsmanship in excelsis .
Rain had delayed the start and caused overs to be lost , but there were no clouds on Gilchrist 's horizon that day .
Lasith Malinga was treated with some respect initially , but the other bowlers felt the full weight of his bat as the runs started to flow .
Dilhara Fernando put down a difficult return catch when Gilchrist had made 31 , and saw the next three balls drilled for four , four and six .
The half - century took 43 balls , and by the time Matthew Hayden lofted one to cover after making 38 , Australia had 172 on the board in the 23rd over .
Gilchrist was on 119 .
He finished with 149 from 104 balls , and said afterwards that he had batted with half a squash ball in his glove .
If only that worked for the rest of us .
Brendon McCullum 158 * v Royal Challengers Bangalore
IPL , Bangalore , 2008
After the hype , hoopla , acrobats and laser show , no one knew quite what to expect when the teams entered the Chinnaswamy Stadium for the inaugural IPL game .
The Royal Challengers were the home side , but the Kolkata Knight Riders had the Bollywood icon owner , the garish kit and frankly awful golden helmets .
They also had McCullum , who decided early on that the stage was meant for him .
Every bowler he faced was smashed for at least two sixes - 13 in total - and those around him did little more than turn over the strike as he raced to 158 from just 73 balls .
The crowd were supposed to be upset , but after a few moments of indecision , they just lapped it up , even if the short boundaries meant that every swipe from McCullum 's bat meant potential grievous bodily harm .
Ajantha Mendis 6 for 13 v India
Asia Cup final , Karachi , 2008
Virender Sehwag was threatening to make mincemeat of a challenging target when Mendis was given the ball in the Asia Cup final .
His second delivery lured Sehwag down the pitch and then darted away to give Kumar Sangakkara the easiest of stumpings .
Two balls later Yuvraj Singh was flummoxed by a straighter one .
Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina both fell playing across the line to leave the innings in tatters , and after a short break Mendis returned to have Irfan Pathan caught at slip and RP Singh bowled .
The legbreaks and offbreaks were hard enough to play , but it was the carrom ball that left batsmen utterly bemused .
Mendis bowled eight overs for 13 , and but for the umpires ' inability to fathom which way the ball would go , he might have had more than six wickets to show for it .
Virender Sehwag 201 * and 50 v Sri Lanka
second Test , Galle , 2008
India had been terrorised into submission at the SSC in the first Test , with Muttiah Muralitharan , the known devil , and the carrom - ball - flicking Ajantha Mendis , the novice tormentor .
But having won the toss , there were no seeds of doubt in Sehwag 's mind as he and Gautam Gambhir galloped to 167 for 0 .
While others struggled to pick Mendis , Sehwag , with his eagle eyes and quick hands , played him calmly off the pitch .
Orthodox strokes through the covers were interspersed with impudent ones against the turn and the touches of an innovator .
A flurry of wickets forced him to throttle back a little , but he still stroked the ball around at will as India edged towards a decent total .
Apart from Gambhir , no one else went past 40 .
Of India 's 329 , Sehwag had made 201 .
When given a second chance , he came out and smashed 50 in even time to lay the foundation for a comfortable Indian victory .
Sachin Tendulkar 103 * v England
first Test , Chennai , 2008
A decade earlier Tendulkar had walked away from Chepauk a broken man , a magnificent 136 unable to prevent Pakistan from eking out the narrowest of wins .
When he took guard on the final morning , India were still 256 short of an imposing 387 - run target .
No team had ever chased more than 275 to win a Test match in India , but such history counted for little as Tendulkar set about scripting a masterpiece .
Graeme Swann and Monty Panesar bowled in tandem for much of the day , while Andrew Flintoff bustled in .
Tendulkar defended obdurately , nudged the ball into the gaps and swept with finesse as the runs accumulated steadily .
By the end , with Yuvraj Singh also stroking the ball fluently , it was a breeze , and it was somehow fitting that Tendulkar finished it with another precise sweep .
Three weeks after the terror attacks in Mumbai , a nation could smile again .
JP Duminy 166 v Australia
second Test , Melbourne , 2008
A week earlier he had been the accomplice as AB de Villiers pulled off an incredible heist at the WACA .
This time Duminy was on his own , with the tail for company and South Africa still short of the follow - on target .
After Paul Harris had helped Duminy add 67 , Dale Steyn defied Australia for nearly four hours , growing more confident by the minute .
All through , Duminy , measured and unflappable , did n't change his approach , and the two added 180 in more than 60 overs of batting that exposed Australia 's every frailty .
To top it all , after Steyn had departed for 76 , Duminy added 28 with Makhaya Ntini to stretch the lead to 65 .
He finished with 166 and two days later , a proud unbeaten home record that went back a generation lay trampled in the MCG dust .
Jerome Taylor 3 for 74 and 5 for 11
first Test , Jamaica , 2009
A local lad with the new ball .
Nothing gets the good folk at Sabina Park going quite like that .
But while Taylor had been lively in the first innings , few could have predicted what lay in store when Chris Gayle gave him the ball with West Indies 74 in front .
Alastair Cook edged one to the slip cordon , and England were precariously placed at 11 for 2 by lunch .
Right after , Taylor delivered the killer blows - Kevin Pietersen 's off stump detonated by a legcutter , Andrew Strauss caught behind , and Paul Collingwood bowled off the inside edge .
When Matt Prior played all over a slower ball , the game was up .
Taylor finished with 5 for 11 from his nine overs , and West Indies won by an innings .
Duminy : measured and unflappable does it © PA Photos
Enlarge
Chris Gayle 88 v Australia
World Twenty20 , The Oval , 2009
His two overs had helped rein in the Australians , but even then 170 was by no means a miniscule total to chase .
By the end of the six - over Powerplay , though , the match was as good as over , with West Indies having plundered 83 .
Gayle cut and drove with awesome power , sending a Brett Lee delivery into the road outside the ground , and then thumping one onto the roof of the Bedser Stand .
He struck six fours and six sixes in all , and was dismissed for 88 ( 50 balls ) with victory in sight .
It was achieved with 25 balls to spare , a Grand Canyon in Twenty 20 terms .
Shahid Afridi , 51 and 2 for 16 v South Africa
World Twenty20 semi-final , Trent Bridge , 2009
It had started just like any other Shahid Afridi innings .
A couple of fours walloped through midwicket , and an impudent kiss blown Jacques Kallis ' way in response to a cold stare .
But the clowning ended there .
Midway through their innings , Pakistan had 68 for two , with Afridi quietly easing to 30 from 25 balls .
The sight of Johan Botha , however , seemed to appeal to his most primal instincts .
Three wanton inside - out heaves over cover were followed by the deftest of late cuts as he finished with 51 from 34 balls .
Then , with ball in hand , he deceived both Herschelle Gibbs and AB de Villiers with deliveries that went on straight in a miserly spell of 2 for 16 .
Pakistan sneaked home by seven runs , and the car horns blared long into the night outside the ground as the fans chanted his name incessantly .
Click here for part one
How it Works : The Artillery - Grade 600 MPH Pumpkin Cannon
An inventive duo 's giant homemade air cannon can project a pumpkin -- or anything else -- at 600 miles an hour
Researchers from Helsinki University of Technology ( Finland ) , University of New South Wales ( Australia ) , and University of Melbourne ( Australia ) have succeeded in building a working transistor , whose active region composes only of a single phosphorus atom in silicon .
The results have just been published in Nano Letters , a journal of the American Chemical Society .
The working principles of the device are based on sequential tunneling of single electrons between the phosphorus atom and the source and drain leads of the transistor .
The tunneling can be suppressed or allowed by controlling the voltage on a nearby metal electrode with a width of a few tens of nanometers .
The rapid development of computers , which created the present information society , has been mainly based on the reduction of the size of transistors .
Scientists have known for a long time that this development has to slow down critically during the future decades when the even tighter inexpensive packing of transistors would require them to shrink down to the atomic length scales .
In the recently developed transistor , all the electric current passes through the same single atom .
This allows researchers to study the effects arising in the extreme limit of the transistor size .
" About half a year ago , I and one of the leaders of this research , Prof. Andrew Dzurak , were asked when we expect a single - atom transistor to be fabricated .
We looked at each other , smiled , and said that we have already done that , " says Dr. Mikko Möttönen .
" In fact , our purpose was not to build the tiniest transistor for a classical computer , but a quantum bit which would be the heart of a quantum computer that is being developed worldwide , " he continues .
Problems arising when the size of a transistor is shrunk towards the ultimate limit are due to the emergence of so - called quantum mechanical effects .
On one hand , these phenomena are expected to challenge the usual transistor operation .
On the other hand , they allow classically irrational behavior which can , in principle , be harnessed for conceptually more efficient computing , quantum computing .
The driving force behind the measurements reported now is the idea to utilize the spin degree of freedom of an electron of the phosphorus donor as a quantum bit , a qubit .
The researchers were able to observe in their experiments spin up and down states for a single phosphorus donor for the first time .
This is a crucial step towards the control of these states , that is , the realization of a qubit .
Clearly as disappointed in the resulting Senate healthcare bill as many progressives are today , MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann gave a preview of his ‘ Special Comment ’ that aired on Countdown Wednesday evening in a diary at Daily Kos , ” There could not be a finer line between the words compromise and compromised and tonight , with the greatest possible reluctance , I believe I have to go on the air and state my opinion that the Senate bill in its current form has clearly crossed that line and , as currently constituted , cannot be passed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Taking the same stance as former Gov. Howard Dean , that the current version of the Senate healthcare bill should be scrapped , Olbermann slams Senator Harry Reid ( D - NV ) for the resulting version of health care reform , “ Seeking the least common denominator , Sen .
Reid has found it , especially the “ least ” part .
This is not health , this is not care , this is certainly not reform . ”
The liberal host ’s wrath does n’t spare anyone as he continues with a slam for the entire Senate , “ They must now not make the defeat worse by passing a hollow shell of a bill just for the sake of a big - stage signing ceremony .
This bill , slowly bled to death by the political equivalent of the leeches that were once thought state - of - the - art - medicine , is now little more than a series of microscopically minor tweaks of a system which is the real - life , here - and - now version , of the malarkey of the Town Hallers .
The American Insurance Cartel is the Death Panel , and this Senate bill does nothing to destroy it .
Nor even to satiate it . ”
“ It merely decrees that our underprivileged , our sick , our elderly , our middle class , can be fed into it , as human sacrifices to the great maw of corporate voraciousness , at a profit per victim of 10 cents on the dollar instead of the current 20 .
Even before the support columns of reform were knocked down , one by one , with the kind of passive defense that would embarrass a touch - football player – single - payer , the public option , the Medicare Buy - In – before they vanished , the Congressional Budget Office estimated that the part of this bill that would require you to buy insurance unless you could prove you could not afford it , would cost a family of four with a household income of 54 - thousand dollars a year , 17 percent of that income .
Nine thousand dollars a year .
Just for the insurance , ” he exclaims .
“ That was with a public option , ” Olbermann continues .
“ That was with some kind of check on the insurance companies .
That was before — as Howard Dean pointed out — the revelation that the cartel will still be able to charge older people more than others ; will — at the least — now be able to charge much more , maybe 50 percent more , for people with pre-existing conditions — pre-existing conditions ; you know , like being alive . ”
Then after calling out Senators Lieberman , Grassley , DeMint , Baucus , and Nelson for their roles in the healthcare bill , Mr. Olbermann then speaks directly to President Obama , “ Sir , your hands - off approach , while nobly intended and perhaps yet some day applicable to the reality of an improved version of our nation , enabled the national humiliation that was the Town Halls and the insufferable Neanderthalian stupidity of Congressman Wilson and the street - walking of Mr. Lieberman . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Instead of continuing this snipe - hunt for the endangered and possibly extinct creature “ bipartisanship , ” you need to push the Republicans around or cut them out or both , ” Olbermann advises .
“ You need to threaten Democrats like Baucus and the others with the ends of their careers in the party .
Instead , those Democrats have threatened you , and the Republicans have pushed you and cut you out . ”
Mr. Olbermann continues to speak directly to President Obama , and includes a few notes for Senator Reid , as well .
“ This provision must go , ” he says speaking of the mandate that requires the purchase of insurance .
“ It is , above all else , immoral and a betrayal of the people who elected you , Sir .
You must now announce that you will veto any bill lacking an option or buy - in , but containing a mandate . ”
“ And Sen . Reid , put the public option back in , or the Medicare Buy - In , or both .
Or single - payer , ” he pleads .
“ Let Lieberman and Ben Nelson and Baucus and the Republicans vote their lack - of - conscience and preclude 60 “ ayes . ”
Let them commit political suicide instead of you . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Let Mr. Lieberman kill the bill — then turn to his Republican friends only to find out they hate him more than the Democrats do .
Let him stagger off the public stage , to go work for the insurance industry .
As if he is not doing that now , ” says Olbermann taking one last jab at Senator Lieberman of Connecticut .
You can read the entire transcript at MSNBC .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Dec. 16 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
In the beginning of the year I wrote a post about Star Trek Supremacy , a new 4 x space strategy game being developed by Mike Strobel .
This game is endorsed by the Birth of the Federation 2 community ( shortened to BotF2 ) as the official BotF2 game and rightful successor of one of the most successful 4 x space strategy games of all time : Star Trek : Birth of the Federation .
You can read the intro post I did about Supremacy , which is an overview of the current alpha release , here : Star Trek Supremacy – Open Source Free Game in Development .
Since then I ’ve been in contact with Mike .
I asked him for an interview for SpaceSector.com which he kindly accepted .
Here is the interview we did .
If you ’re interested in getting involved in this project helping Mike with your ideas or contributions there are details in the interview of how you can do this .
Hope you enjoy the interview as much as I .
I understand that you started the Supremacy project as a hobby and that you intend to release it for free upon completion .
How long have you been developing Star Trek Supremacy , and what are your plans to have it ready for release ?
Back around 2004 , I started thinking about developing a turn - based strategy game .
During the next year and a half , I played several 4X games and filled entire notebooks with notes and ideas .
In fall of 2005 , I decided to bite the bullet and make it happen .
I decided to take a video game design course the next semester as a sort of “ trial run ” .
I ’d never developed a game before , and a semester - long project seemed like good practice to prepare me for a much larger game project .
In November and December I gave myself a head start by getting some of the core code written , and in January two of my fraternity brothers and I enrolled in Georgia Tech ’s CS4455 “ Video Game Design ” class .
We developed a 4X game entitled Galactic Supremacy — the predecessor to Star Trek : Supremacy .
I began working on Star Trek : Supremacy in June of 2006 , after I shared my work on Galactic Supremacy with the community over at the Birth of the Federation 2 ( Bot F2 ) project forums .
The BotF2 project had been going on for some time , but had fallen into a state of limbo when its developer vanished along with all of his work .
Over the next few months , Supremacy was eventually endorsed by the BotF2 project leaders as the “ official ” BotF2 , and the community rallied behind me .
Several members of my creative team had been associated with the BotF2 project since 2004 or earlier , and they have volunteered countless hours of their time to help make Supremacy into a game that is truly something to behold .
The release date is and always has been “ when it ’s done ” — it ’s strictly a side project , and it ’s hard to predict how much time I ’ll have to work on it .
Ideally , I ’d like to get to alpha status a year from now , spend another year at alpha , and then wrap the project up with a six - month beta and “ release candidate ” cycle to filter out the remaining bugs .
Then we ’ll throw a big party when version 1.0 finally “ ships ” .
I have continually made “ pre-release ” versions of the game available for public consumption , and I will continue to do so through its release .
The game is free and open source , so it will always be free to enjoy , and anyone can take the source code and either modify the game or create an entirely new game based off the Supremacy framework .
The most recent pre-release download is rather outdated at the moment , due to some highly experimental work I ’ve been doing , but it can be found at the Star Trek : Supremacy website .
The source code and bug tracker are located on CodePlex .
After version 1.0 is released , I plan to work on a couple “ total conversion ” mods for the game — one set in the Stargate universe , and another set in the Babylon 5 universe .
Supremacy was designed from the beginning to be easily modifiable — nothing is hard - coded , and all of the content can be replaced fairly easily .
A comprehensive editor will ship with the game .
I am also preemptively adding support for some features which may not actually be utilized in Star Trek : Supremacy , but which might be useful for future mods .
Such features include support for various forms of “ point - to - point transport tunnels ” , which could be used to implement “ supergates ” in a Stargate mod or “ jump gates ” in a Babylon 5 mod .
Actually , that particular feature might be used to implement wormholes in Star Trek : Supremacy .
So I see that the idea is for Supremacy to follow on the footsteps of one of the most successful 4X space strategy games of all time : Star Trek : Birth of the Federation .
I believe that Supremacy is also known as the Bot F2 project .
In which aspects will Supremacy evolve and innovate from its predecessor ’s legacy ?
Indeed , the goal of the Supremacy / Bot F2 project has been to create a “ worthy ” spiritual successor to Birth of the Federation .
Players will find the basic gameplay mechanics to be quite familiar , but with far more depth and breadth .
In terms of breadth , Supremacy spans a longer timeline , has much larger galaxies , more playable races , and over a hundred minor races ( with more evolved tech trees ) .
Supremacy will also offer a more “ immersive ” gameplay experience .
My overall design philosophy with Supremacy has been focused around a notion that I call “ progressive involvement ” .
It ’s no secret that individual 4X gamers have vastly different preferences when it comes to game mechanics .
There are players who want to micromanage every detail of their empire , right down to the city layouts of their colonies .
Others prefer to “ macro- manage ” and focus their attention on the high - level concerns of their empire — guiding the war and peace efforts , deciding where to expand , and so on .
I believe that it ’s possible to create a game that appeals to players on both ends of that spectrum , as well as everywhere in between .
We can do this by designing the game mechanics in such a way that players can either “ opt - in ” or “ opt- out ” .
For instance , we plan to give players the opportunity to advance their empire ’s research by building special science ships , which can be sent out to perform research missions .
These missions must be commenced by the player , and may involve tasks like scanning certain stellar phenomena .
Such a feature gives the player a greater sense of involvement in the game .
However , for players who want to focus on higher level concerns , this feature can be completely ignored .
Further , it can be ignored without putting the player at a disadvantage , because the feature will be designed such that the research gained by these missions is roughly equivalent to the research that would have been gained by simply dumping more funds into automated research rather than building the ( rather expensive ) science vessels required to perform research missions .
Players will also be able to delegate various managerial tasks to an AI .
For instance , players will have the option of setting their colonies on “ cruise control ” by allowing a “ governor AI ” to take over and decide what to build .
Does Supremacy have a main plot or background story ?
In which time frame of the Star Trek universe does the game take place ?
There is no fixed plot for Supremacy .
Like Birth of the Federation , the player assumes the role of leader of a spacefaring empire from the Star Trek universe ( the Federation , Klingons , Romulans , Cardassians , or the Dominion ) .
What happens from that point forward is dynamic — no two games will play out quite the same way .
Unlike Birth of the Federation , which spanned only the Star Trek : The Next Generation timeline , Supremacy spans the timelines of every Trek series from Enterprise through Voyager .
Supremacy offers a very nice 2D gridded galaxy map with all different kinds of stars with different colors .
Do the star colors have any meaning in terms of exploration sense ?
For instance in games like MOO2 or Armada 2526 the color of the star gives some advance info to the player of how likely it is for it to hold ideal , sub - optimal , dead or barren planets if they contain planets at all .
Yes , there is a complete set of data tables in Supremacy which determine the likelihood of various planet type / size combinations .
These probabilities are affected by various factors including the type of star and a planet ’s distance from the star .
Further , each race in Supremacy has different planet environment preferences based on the type of homeworld on which that race originated .
For instance , humans prefer Earth - like planets , whereas Cardassians prefer hot and dry desert - like planets .
Thus , while a planet may be highly desirable to one race ( giving it a high max .
population level and growth rate ) , it may be very hostile to another race ( giving it a much lower max .
population and growth rate ) .
It is possible to encounter systems without any planets at all , though they will be rare .
Other rarities include nebulae with “ rogue ” planets within .
In terms of settlements expansion does Supremacy allow the player to colonize every system he finds or does it requires the player to unlock special research to allow the colonization of some systems ?
Any system with habitable planets ( planets other than Gas Giants ) may be colonized , but certain systems may be very undesirable based on the environmental preferences of the player ’s race .
At high tech levels , players will be able to unlock special terraforming projects .
These terraforming projects will allow the player to transform a planet into a more desirable environment over the course of several turns .
Terraforming will work very much like it did in Master of Orion 2 .
Supremacy presents the following resources : Dilithium , Deuterium , Raw Materials , and Officers .
Can you explain a bit what each is for and how can these be mined or gathered ?
Additionally , will all resources be possible to collect only in star systems with planets or also in some special places of the galaxy map ?
Dilithium is required for building the warp core during ship construction — each ship requires x units of Dilithium to be built .
Dilithium may be found in any system with habitable planets ( planets other than Gas Giants ) or asteroids .
If a system with habitable planets contains Dilithium , the player may colonize that system and build a permanent Dilithium refinery to produce Dilithium consistently each turn .
We may also allow players to use mining ships to mine Dilithium from unclaimed systems containing Dilithium deposits on either planets or asteroids .
Deuterium is required to fuel your ships .
One unit of Deuterium is consumed for each sector traversed by a ship , and each ship has an onboard Deuterium reserve .
When a ship is within its “ refueling range ” ( a certain number of sectors from the nearest allied shipyard or space station ) , a ship ’s Deuterium is automatically replenished from the empire - wide stockpile as it is consumed .
Thus , movement within refueling range keeps the onboard reserves fully stocked .
If a ship ventures beyond its refueling range , its onboard reserves will not be replenished , and a ship will become stranded if it depletes its Deuterium reserves .
At that point , the ship will need to be towed back to friendly space .
Deuterium is always produced in minimal quantities at any colony , but production is higher for each Gas Giant present in the system .
Ships beyond their refueling range may also replenish their Deuterium reserves by stopping to gather Deuterium from systems with Gas Giants or Nebulae .
Raw Materials are required to construct the hulls of your spacecraft , and thus each ship or station requires some quantity of Raw Materials in order to be built .
Raw Materials , like Deuterium , are always produced in some minimal quantity at any colony , but production is greatly increased in systems which are marked as being rich in Raw Materials .
The concept of “ Officers ” as a resource is being scrapped and replaced by a revised personnel system .
I wo n’t say any more than that for now , but the idea is to create a personnel system that feels like its based more on people and less on raw numbers .
Regarding on how to win , what are Supremacy victory conditions ?
Time ?
Special achievement ?
Alliance domination , Full conquest ?
Are there specific victory conditions for each race ?
Victory conditions have not yet been finalized , but you can expect to see — at minimum — victory through conquest ( controlling a certain percentage of the galaxy ) , with the option for allied empires to win together .
Time - based victories will likely be implemented to facilitate shorter games when desired .
The current pre-alpha version of the game does not provide space combat yet .
But judging from the YouTube videos these will be fought in 3D .
Will the player be in control of every single spaceship ?
In other words will space combat be highly tactical , only allowing the player to set formations and make small adjustments during combat , or will it be completely cinematic ?
The YouTube videos you refer to do not actually reflect the combat system that is planned for Supremacy .
They are demo videos of a standalone game being developed by a member of the Bot F2 community called cdrwolfe .
Those same videos are erroneously presented on the Supremacy website , and I need to have them taken down .
3D tactical combat in Supremacy will be turn - based .
Since players in online games may be staring at a blank screen while others engage in combat , we want to keep combat time reasonable , and I believe turn - based combat with limits on planning time is the best way to do that .
During each combat turn , players will be able to give orders to individual ships or to several ships at a time , but orders will be limited to a target and a maneuver .
In addition to curbing combat time , this approach will also enable us to utilize all three dimensions in space combat .
Since the player chooses from a list of predefined maneuvers , he or she is not required to plot the actual movement .
It is very difficult to plot courses in three dimensions when you are stuck with a two - dimensional screen and input device , which is why most space combat games are based on 2D or “ 2.5D ” planes .
We can lift this restriction since actual ship courses are projected by the computer instead of the player .
What about ground combat and systems invasions ?
What will be the mechanics ?
Will special transports with troops be required for the invasions ?
Is Supremacy going to offer tactical ground combat , cinematic or just a report is presented in the end ?
Ground combat has not been finalized yet , but it will likely be similar to how system assaults were implemented in Master of Orion 3 .
Special troop transports will be required for an invasion , and we will probably present the invader with a screen showing his or her forces , as well as those of the enemy .
The player will then choose whether to attack or retreat .
After this selection , the screen will update to reflect casualties and destroyed buildings .
The player may continue this process for a few rounds , at which point the ground combat will be won , lost , or inconclusive .
If combat is inconclusive , this process will be repeated during the next turn .
If victory is achieved , the system will fall under control of the invading player .
Player curiosity and surprises are important factors that a game must satisfy to keep the player focused and engaged .
In your opinion , which features will Supremacy offer to satisfy this ?
Will the game provide random events like space monster attacks or mega events ( e.g. plagues , disasters , revolts ) that can surprise the player to take action ?
Yes , a rather flexible random event system will be implemented , and there are already somewhere around 120 proposed random events .
Due to time constraints , only a couple dozen of these are likely to make it into version 1.0 of the game , but many more may be added later on .
As for the type of random events , pretty much everything you mentioned is fair game , as well as appearances by the Borg .
I ’d also like to add that I ’ve been spending a lot of time recently thinking about how the player ’s focus shifts throughout the game .
To me , most strategy games become weakest during the late game , when the map has been completely explored and the tech tree has been exhausted .
I ’ve been thinking of ways to keep gameplay interesting by “ unlocking ” new objectives late in the game .
I ’m not ready to reveal any of those ideas yet , but it ’s important to me that Supremacy stays interesting up until the end of the game .
I believe that you are not developing the game alone .
Are you in need of help for development ?
What kind of support do you need and where should people go to start helping on Supremacy development ?
Since the beginning , I have been the only “ permanent ” programmer on the project .
A couple others have come and gone over the years , but none have stuck around .
Fortunately , there have been many members of the community who have contributed in other ways , like producing graphics , music , dialogue , and other creative content .
This has freed up more of my time to focus on programming , which is what I would rather be doing anyway :) .
We are doing pretty well at the moment , but we ’re always looking for people with a talent for graphics or music composition .
The BotF2 Forums are a place to go for offering to contribute .
The current Star Trek : Supremacy version available for download is a pre-Alpha build from last year .
When do you plan to release a new version , and what new stuff will that include ?
Will it already include space combat for example ?
The delay between releases has been largely due to a lack of time to work on the game , and the highly experimental nature of my more recent work .
I ’m hoping to get another update out around March or April of this year .
We are also working very hard to get the game ready for basic multiplayer gameplay in time for us to demo the game in a booth at the Star Trek Convention in Las Vegas ( August 5 - 8 ) .
3D Tactical Combat will not be implemented any time soon — the plan has always been to get as much of the game in place as possible before beginning on 3D combat .
This will enable me to shift my focus almost exclusively to combat development , as the rest of the game will be more or less complete .
For which platforms are you planning to release for ?
Only Windows , or are there any plans for a Linux and / or Mac version ?
We will be supporting the Windows platform exclusively .
However , by the time the game is released , I suspect it will be possible to compile most of the game framework against the Mono platform , which is available for Linux and Mac .
Unfortunately , it is unlikely that the graphical client will compile on Mono .
Thus , in order to play the game on anything other than Windows , a cross - platform client would need to be developed .
I would be willing to assist in the development of such a client as a “ consultant ” , but I have no plans to develop such a client myself .
I understand that you ’re developing Supremacy as an open source project and that it is non-commercial , in other words you plan to release it for free .
Have you ever considered in the past , or currently , the possibility of approaching the Star Trek franchise for a possible game licensing or do you promise the fans that you intend to release the game for free in the end ?
This question has come up many times , and many people have encouraged me to find a publisher to take care of the licensing .
However , I am firmly committed to releasing Supremacy as a free and open source game .
Supremacy is a game created by the fans , for the fans .
The recognition of my fellow Trek gamers is compensation enough for me .
Thank you very much for your time Mike .
You ’re welcome Adam .
Subscribe RSS
Related Articles :
Post category : Interviews
Major brands are eager to generate excitement for 3D , so they can command a premium and escape the spiral of commoditization .
3D is the highest priority for the Blu-ray camp in 2010 .
And even if 3D 's chief backers make a strong push for a few years , they may shift attention away from 3D as OLED becomes more viable .
OLED can improve the display of all content , not just a small sample of it .
It 's unclear whether 3D can truly become the third great TV revolution on par with HD -- but perhaps it does n't have to .
Speaking of content , sports and movies are two important genres that can help drive adoption of 3D , just as they did with HD , although shooting live sports in 3D may be even more challenging than it was in the early days of HD .
But 3D can't help everything .
Even movies that are decades old -- for example , Blu-ray releases of Disney animated classics such as Snow White and the Seven Dwarves -- look great when transferred HD .
In contrast , it is difficult to recreate a 2D movie in 3D .
( Exceptions include computer - rendered animated films such as the early Toy Story movies from Pixar . )
Remember Ted Turner 's experiments in colorizing black - and - white movies ?
For these and other reasons , it 's unclear whether 3D can truly become the third great TV revolution on par with HD -- but perhaps it does n't have to .
In the shorter term , at least , 3D could reach sustainable penetration level similar to other higher - end technologies like LED backlighting , high refresh rates , and internet connectivity have .
Like many other higher - end features , 3D will simply be part of a feature set that will attract buyers regardless of its inclusion .
And as we 've seen with these other high - end features , consumers are likely to opt for them as the cost comes down and the price difference between equipped and non-equipped models dwindles .
That may never reach the difference between the price of a movie ticket to see a 3D versus a 2D movie , but it could soon reach the point where consumers are willing to experience the " right " content .
Ross Rubin is executive director of industry analysis for consumer technology at market research and analysis firm The NPD Group .
Views expressed in Switched
On are his own .
Flint linked this to us a couple of days ago , and I have n’t got around to posting it until now .
Pah !
Anyway , Open Outcast is a work - in progress mod of Crysis Wars , which is trying to create a sequel to the 99 voxel - heavy Cutter Slade - starring classic .
They ’ve reached their first major milestone , releasing a tech - demo of the game .
Crikey .
Well done them .
You can get it from ModDB and – apparently – it only requires the trial rather than the full version of Crysis Wars .
As a historical note , John ’s first review was a reader - review submission slagging off Outcast for being like looking at a wonderful world through a snotty hanky .
If you look at the four videos beneath the cut , you can tell that 2010 Walker would n’t be able to make the same complaints …
Since its discovery 102 years ago by a Japanese scientist , " umami " has been the object of fascination by chemists and avant - garde chefs determined to discover the secret of the so - called " fifth taste " .
But now the esoteric flavour – described as the trigger for the sensation of deliciousness when detected by the brain alongside the primary tastes of sweet , salty , sour and bitter – is about to jump from the rarefied surroundings of Michelin - starred restaurants and university labs to the high street , with the arrival of umami in a tube .
Two British supermarket chains are to start stocking a paste of ingredients developed by a London restaurateur and food writer , which is rich in the naturally occurring chemicals that create the sense of umami , amid growing scientific evidence that the fifth taste plays a key role in stimulating the digestive system .
The Taste No 5 paste , which will be stocked in 197 branches of Waitrose nationwide from next week and by the Booths food chain in northern England next month , is the first attempt to market a product solely as a source of umami .
Laura Santtini , who developed the purée – which includes pulped anchovy and porcini mushrooms – while she was running her family 's Italian restaurant in Belgravia , said : " I wanted to get away from the notion that umami is something of interest to scientists that no one else can really understand .
The truth is that umami should be of interest to anyone who has a tongue .
" Umami is part of our everyday eating lives , it is just that many of us do n't know what to call it .
It is what gives depth of flavour to food .
Every food culture has its umami-rich ingredients , whether it is seaweed in Japan or Parmesan in Italy . "
Taking its name from the Japanese word for " taste " , umami was identified in 1908 by Kikunae Ikeda , a Tokyo chemist who pinpointed it as the savoury flavour imparted by foods rich in chemicals including glutamate , a building block of protein .
In 2000 researchers at the University of Miami discovered receptors on the tongue which react only to the presence of glutamate in food – suggesting that the body craves umami flavours as an indicator of protein in meat and vegetables .
Interest in the " fifth taste " has subsequently undergone a revival in foodie circles , led by celebrity chefs including Heston Blumenthal .
The British gastronaut now features umami-laden dishes at his Fat Duck restaurant in Bray , Berkshire , including a seaweed - and - fish concoction eaten while listening to waves on an iPod .
As well as classic Japanese sources of umami , food experts have highlighted a host of more familiar ingredients which offer the same rounded flavour , including anchovies , Parmesan , mushrooms , Worcestershire sauce and Marmite .
Another umami-laden foodstuff is human breast milk .
Simple dishes that have been found to provide umami-rich " flavour bombs " include pea-and - ham soup , cheese on toast , and pork belly cooked with yeast extract .
Waitrose said : " It 's only recently that a tangible product related to the fifth taste has become available .
We believe our customers will relish the chance to explore it . "
Quite whether Britons will soon be murmuring " I think the soup needs a bit more umami " remains to be seen .
What does umami taste like ?
Danny Hall , 27 , magician , east London
It 's a nice taste but not a new one .
It 's fishy , it reminds me of sardines .
I 'd use it as a dip for sushi .
Gala Vukicevic , 22 , fashion worker , Paris
I enjoyed it .
I 'd use it to cook meat dishes because it 's like a tomato purée .
But it 's not a new taste .
Annie Smith , 77 , retired teacher , north - west London
It certainly does n't have a nice aftertaste .
I am slightly suspicious of it .
I do n't think it has a wholesome quality .
Stefany Baloche , 22 , student , Paris
It is pleasant , it has a taste of olives and tomato so I would make pasta dishes with it .
Mijanou Dilks , 24 , lawyer , west London
UPDATE : Read the invitation sent out for the bipartisan health reform meeting , as well as the invite list .
[ [ nid:8773 ] ]
Following up on the unique conversation the President held with House Republicans at their retreat , the President invited bipartisan leadership from Congress to the White House to discuss job creation and the economy .
Making a surprise appearance at the daily press briefing afterwards , the President relayed some thoughts on the meeting :
THE PRESIDENT : ... And at this critical time in our country , the people sent us here expect a seriousness of purpose that transcends petty politics .
That 's why I 'm going to continue to seek the best ideas from either party as we work to tackle the pressing challenges ahead .
I am confident , for example , that when one in 10 of our fellow citizens can't work , we should be able to come together and help business create more jobs .
We ought to be able to agree on providing small businesses with additional tax credits and much needed lines of credit .
We ought to agree on investments in crumbling roads and bridges , and we should agree on tax breaks for making homes more energy - efficient -- all of which will put more Americans to work .
Many of the job proposals that I 've laid out have passed the House and are soon going to be debated in the Senate .
We spent a lot of time in this meeting discussing a jobs package and how we could move forward on that .
And if there are additional ideas , I will consider them as well .
What I wo n't consider is doing nothing in the face of a lot of hardship across the country .
This meeting was also in advance of a bipartisan summit on health reform that the President convened for February 25th .
This meeting has already garnered significant attention , with Press Secretary Robert Gibbs making clear that while the meeting is very much about inviting valuable ideas from Republicans , it is by no means about backing away from the challenges facing the American people .
The President laid out his expectations for a constructive conversation :
Q After meeting with you , John Boehner came out and told us , " The House can't pass the health care bill it once passed ; the Senate can't pass the health care bill it once passed .
Why would we have a conversation about legislation that can't pass ? "
As a part of that , he said you and your White House and congressional Democrats should start over entirely from scratch on health care reform .
How do you respond ?
Are you willing to do that ?
THE PRESIDENT : Well , here 's how I responded to John in the meeting , and I 've said this publicly before .
There are some core goals that have to be met .
We 've got to control costs , both for families and businesses , but also for our government .
Everybody out there who talks about deficits has to acknowledge that the single biggest driver of our deficits is health care spending .
We cannot deal with our deficits and debt long term unless we get a handle on that .
So that has to be part of a package .
Number two , we 've got to deal with insurance abuses that affect millions of Americans who 've got health insurance .
And number three , we 've got to make health insurance more available to folks in the individual market , as I just mentioned , in California , who are suddenly seeing their premiums go up 39 percent .
That applies to the majority of small businesses , as well as sole proprietors .
They are struggling .
So I 've got these goals .
Now , we have a package , as we work through the differences between the House and the Senate , and we 'll put it up on a Web site for all to see over a long period of time , that meets those criteria , meets those goals .
But when I was in Baltimore talking to the House Republicans , they indicated , we can accomplish some of these goals at no cost .
And I said , great , let me see it .
And I have no interest in doing something that 's more expensive and harder to accomplish if somebody else has an easier way to do it .
So I 'm going to be starting from scratch in the sense that I will be open to any ideas that help promote these goals .
What I will not do , what I do n't think makes sense and I do n't think the American people want to see , would be another year of partisan wrangling around these issues ; another six months or eight months or nine months worth of hearings in every single committee in the House and the Senate in which there 's a lot of posturing .
Let 's get the relevant parties together ; let 's put the best ideas on the table .
My hope is that we can find enough overlap that we can say this is the right way to move forward , even if I do n't get every single thing that I want .
But here 's the point that I made to John Boehner and Mitch McConnell : Bipartisanship can't be that I agree to all the things that they believe in or want , and they agree to none of the things I believe in and want , and that 's the price of bipartisanship , right ?
But that 's sometimes the way it gets presented .
Mitch McConnell said something very nice in the meeting about how he supports our goals on nuclear energy and clean coal technology and more drilling to increase oil production .
Well , of course he likes that ; that 's part of the Republican agenda for energy , which I accept .
And I 'm willing to move off some of the preferences of my party in order to meet them halfway .
But there 's got to be some give from their side as well .
That 's true on health care ; that 's true on energy ; that 's true on financial reform .
That 's what I 'm hoping gets accomplished at the summit .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
The site 's " auto follow " feature raised privacy concerns Google has admitted to BBC News that testing of its controversial social network Buzz was insufficient .
The firm has had to make a series of changes to the service after a ferocious backlash from users concerned about intrusions of privacy .
The BBC understands that Buzz was only tested internally and bypassed more extensive trials with external testers - used for many other Google services .
Google said that it was now working " extremely hard " to fix the problems .
" We 're very early in this space .
This was one of our first big attempts , " Todd Jackson , Buzz product manager , told BBC News .
" We 've been testing Buzz internally at Google for a while .
Of course , getting feedback from 20,000 Googlers is n't quite the same as letting Gmail users play with Buzz in the wild . "
Many of the firm's new services are tested by the so - called Google Trusted Tester program , a network of friends and family of Google employees who are given confidential access to products before they launch .
Buzz was not tested by this program .
The firm has now set up a " war room " at Google HQ to bring together engineers and product managers to make decisions about what changes need to be made to Buzz .
" If it becomes clear that people do n't think we 've done enough , we 'll make more changes , " said Mr Jackson .
He acknowledged that many of the networks " tens of millions " of users were " rightfully upset " and that the firm was " very , very sorry " .
" We know we need to improve things . "
Privacy priorities Buzz was launched on 9 February .
The service , which is integrated with Gmail , allows users to post status updates , share content and read and comment on friends ' posts .
One problem that immediately caused concern was Google 's decision to automatically give users a ready - made circle of friends based on the people they most frequently e-mailed .
The launch was widely seen as a challenge to Facebook Unless users changed settings in their profile , this list could automatically be made public , allowing anyone to see who a user corresponded with most frequently .
Mr Jackson told BBC
News that the decision to create these automatic lists was borne out of the idea that Google " wanted to provide a great user experience straight out of the box " .
But privacy experts immediately pointed out this could cause problems for journalists , businesses or even people having an illicit affair .
Evgeny Morozov , a Belarus - born researcher and blogger who looks at the political implications of the internet , also raised concerns .
" If I were working for the Iranian or the Chinese government , I would immediately dispatch my internet geek squads to check on Google Buzz accounts for political activists and see if they have any connections that were previously unknown to the government , " he wrote
As a result of complaints , Google said Buzz would now only suggest people who a user might want to be friends with .
The company has also announced steps to make it easier to disable Buzz altogether and to ensure that people 's accounts do not automatically connect with online Picasa photo albums and items that people may store in their Google Reader accounts .
The changes were in part thrashed out at a company - wide meeting on 12 February at Google headquarters .
" We realize that we did n't get things quite right - we 're working extremely hard to fix this , " said Mr Jackson .
He said that " transparency and control " were " top priorities " and that users would " continue to see improvements " .
Code challenge
Other possible changes include a better " preferences menu " that will allow users to better tailor what appears in their inbox , and a more prominent " mute " option to switch the service off .
Another idea , said Mr Jackson , was to create a separate service that was not part of Gmail .
" We think that integration with Gmail was absolutely the right way to go - we wanted to make Buzz easily accessible to people , " he said .
" We also want to give people who do n't use Gmail the ability to use Buzz , so we 're exploring the idea of offering a separate destination site . "
The most recently announced changes would go live " this week " , he added .
" We worked around the clock to make the code changes for these improvements ; now we 're putting them through a full testing process to identify any bugs and translating them into 53 languages so they reach all Gmail users . "
Asked if the Google founders - Larry Page and Sergey Brin - or any of the executive team would issue an apology for breaching their user 's trust , a Google spokesperson said : " Google has apologised - we 're very sorry for the concern we caused . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Favorite Answer
I have never heard of a custody order that required the custodial parent to put a certain financial amount towards the welfare of the children and I am not even sure it would be valid .
It sounds to me like you either did your custody order through arbitration ( always a bad mistake ) , or worse still , without legal advice .
Anyway , your ex has found a " father 's rights " group and they are dedicated to giving men all the rights ( as it used to be ) and the women get nothing .
He is trying to make a legal point at your expense and I do n't even know if it is legal ( did you have a lawyer to assist you when you arranged the original custody / visitation order ? ) !
You need to get in touch with a free legal clinic and get a lawyer to assist you NOW .
And the fact that you care for them 24/7 while your ex only has them during visitation , should count for a huge chunk of your contribution toward your children .
And I do n't think it is fair to compare you with your ex .
When your ex was n't paying his support , he also was n't raising the kids , you were .
And it was n't fair of him to expect you to raise the children AND pay your financial contribution as well as his too .
But if they are going to insist that you be held in contempt of court ( do you realize you could end up with a criminal record or even go to jail ?
this is serious and you need a lawyer now ) , ask that your contribution be reduced since you were n't working .
Finally , demand that if the two of you are going to be held equally financially responsible for the children , that he be REQUIRED ( not of this optional visitation ) to take the children for exactly 3 1/2 days of each week ( splitting both weekdays and the weekend ) ... that he be required to alternate staying at home when the kids are sick , etc .
I doubt he is willing to give up his free time to do the nitty gritty of parenting like supervising homework and bedtimes , doing the laundry .
It is much easier to just have a few hours of visitation , take the kids to the museum and out to lunch and then go home and have tons of free time .
You badly need a very good lawyer .
See that you get one .
Take care .
Hop lovers will be able to choose their winners for each round on - line .
They will log onto the web and read a brief description of your beer as well as view an image ( be sure to fill out the description on the entry form , as well as send an image or logo via email ) .
Prizes will be awarded for readers with the most correct NIPAC brackets .
The top prize will be a free case of the championship beers .
Results of each round are usually be posted on - line within twenty - four hours of each round ( if possible ) .
Participating beers , submitted by brewers from across the nation ( and even Canada ) , are randomly entered in a 1:1 single elimination bracket .
Winners of the first round will advance to the next .
The complete tournament brackets are posted on - line .
The judgings will be held in several locations .
The judges will be brewers and qualified hop lovers .
Blueberry Martini Jello Shots – NYC
Blueberry Martini Jello Shots
My friend Chris invited me to a barbecue last weekend , and wanting to be a good BBQ guest like Deb at Smitten Kitchen , I offered to bake a pie .
It turns out , though , no one who was attending the BBQ was very excited at the prospect of pie .
Who would ’ve thunk it ?!
Geez , how can anyone not like pie ?
Pies are delicious ; it ’s jammy fruit in a buttery flaky crust !
So then I thought of making a watermelon tomato salad with olives , but after showing Chris the recipe , her response was , “ Uh , that ’s weird . ”
Back to the drawing board , I searched the Internet , but nothing seemed really interesting .
A few days later I was still lost , but after a few glasses of sangria with friends , it finally dawned on me , ‘ My friends are lushes , why not make jello shots ? ’
I did n’t want to make regular jello shots though , I mean my college days are far behind me .
So I googled “ gourmet jello shots ” and I came up with a Los Angeles Times adapted recipe for Blueberry Martini Jelly Shots from Bar Nineteen 12 in Beverly Hills .
It was exactly what I needed , jello for adults , or as I like to call them , ‘ jello for the grown and sexy . ’
I emailed Chris with my idea and she responded with one word , “ Nice ! ”
I made a few modifications to the recipe to make my life easier .
The recipe calls for sheets of gelatin .
I opted to use gelatin powder instead since it can be found in regular supermarkets ( I used Knox Gelatine ) .
As for setting the jello , the recipe has you use half - ounce silicone molds — since these shots are meant to be picked up with your fingers and eaten — but I did n’t want to go out and buy molds , so I ended up using an ice tray .
It worked nicely except for the fact that each cube was bigger than a half - ounce , so I ended up with about twenty shots instead of thirty - five .
I would double this recipe if you are going to take the ice cube route .
In addition , I would avoid using ice trays with really large ice cube molds .
If that ’s the only type of tray you have , do n’t fill it all the way to the top .
You do n’t want to bite into a giant cube of hard gelatin .
It ’s not as tasty .
I also added more blueberries per shot because I thought it looked cheesy to have only one lone blueberry in each cube .
The jello shots were a hit at the BBQ , especially amongst the girls .
The shots were cold , refreshing , and made for some summer fun .
One of the girls thought they were a bit strong , but she does n’t drink much , so if you are making these for the non-drinking crowd , I would mix in some water and perhaps some more simple syrup so they ’re weaker .
Also , the texture of these shots are harder than normal jello shots ; a cross between jello and gummy bears .
One of the guys was n’t too crazy about the texture , but then again I notice a lot of men are n’t into candies of the gummy sort , so if harder jello freaks you out , you can add less gelatin or serve them after leaving them out for a while .
I ca n’t wait to experiment with these jello shots .
The possibilities seem endless .
I ’m thinking mojito shots , lychee saketini shots , sangria shots … .
So next time you ’re a BBQ guest , and no one likes pie , make these jello shots .
Vodka + Gelatin = SCORE !
Blueberry Martini Jello Shots
( Adapted from an adapted recipe by the LA Times for Blueberry martini jelly shots at Bar Nineteen 12 )
Total time : 25 minutes , plus overnight chilling
Servings : About 20 Shots ( more if you use 1 / 2 ounce molds instead of an ice tray )
10 1/2 ounces Stoli Blueberry vodka
2 ounces simple syrup* ( add more if blueberries are sour )
3 1/2 ( 1/4 ounce ) packets of gelatin powder
About 60 fresh blueberries ( more if the blueberries are small )
1 . Off heat , combine the vodka and simple syrup in a small saucepan .
Add gelatin powder to the vodka mixture .
2 . Heat the saucepan over low heat , stirring , until the gelatin is dissolved and incorporated into the vodka mixture , about 5 minutes .
Remove the pan from the heat .
3 . Place a few blueberries in the bottom of each individual ice cube mold , and carefully pour the vodka mixture into each .
Refrigerate the ice cube tray until set , preferably overnight .
These cocktails will keep , refrigerated , for as long as 2 days .
* To make simple syrup , combine equal parts sugar and water in a saucepan , and stir over medium heat until the sugar is dissolved .
Related
4
0 Shares
Tangible Disaster Simulation System is a collaborative tool for planning disaster measures based on disaster simulation and evacuation simulation using Geographic Information Systems ( GIS ) .
Built on the Sensetable platform , Tangible - DSS allows multiple users to directly input parameters such as the scale of disasters ( ex. Tsunami , earthquake , and fire ) and the capacity of a shelter on a projected map .
Then , this system simulates and visualizes the disaster and the evacuation of people to shelters , under any conditions inputed by users .
Tangible - DSS is best suited for use in discussions and collaborative planning scenes , since Sensetable can handle multiple and simultaneous inputs by physical ‘ gpuckss ’ on the table .
Users can effectively examine how much damage from a disaster will be and what kind of measures could prevent the estimated damage .
While looking at the Economic Report of the President , I was inspired to make this chart , which actually does n’t come from the ERP ( more ERP blogging in a day or two ) .
It shows the contribution of the ARRA , aka the Obama stimulus , to the deficit — a rough measure of the amount of stimulus — with the CBO ’s projection of the unemployment rate , by fiscal year :
Congressional Budget Office
Basically , the stimulus fades out fast starting in fiscal 2011 , which starts in October 2010 .
Yet the consensus view is that unemployment will be around as high as it is now .
The point is that we ’re doing a 1937 — or actually worse , since unemployment had in fact fallen dramatically before FDR made his big mistake .
Fiscal support for the economy will be pulled away with the economy having barely begun to recover .
It ’s hard to write a review of Xanadu The Musical with a straight face .
Part of me is thinking , “ Really , you ’re going to pick apart a musical based on one of the cheesier films from the 80’s ? ” and in truth there will be some people who click off their brain and just enjoy the brief 90 minute staging of this kitschy musical no matter what faults it has , and that ’s fine .
The problem with Xanadu The Musical is that it actually far , far worse than the movie it ’s based on .
Adapted from the 1980 film with Olivia Newton - John , Gene Kelly and Michael Beck , Xanadu is a fantastical story of a Greek demi-god sent to Earth to be a muse for a struggling artist .
In the process she breaks some cardinal rules , including falling in love and getting involved with the creative process itself .
Peppered throughout the story are some classic songs from the film including “ Magic “ , “ Suddenly “ , “ I ’m Alive ” and the theme song “ Xanadu “ .
None of these songs are pure classics in their own right , but they do really capture some of the delicious elements that make the 80’s so fun to wax nostalgic over .
Musically this gives Xanadu a fairly solid base .
Like Mama Mia , there ’s enough of a musical foundation for a fun night of musical theater .
Unfortunately the music is so subverted in favor of cheap gags and poor staging that it ’s hard to genuinely enjoy it .
Elizabeth Stanley , who performs the lead role , has a fantastic voice , similar in tone to Oliva Newton - John , with a depth and breadth that truly fills the auditorium .
But she so hams it up while singing that it ’s really difficult to enjoy her genuine talent .
When she is n’t singing , Elizabeth Stanley ’s performance is really subpar .
For part of the show she sports an absolutely horrid Australian accent .
The accent is yet another aspect of the show played as a gag , but it ’s so poorly executed it ’s painful .
Stanley ’s co-star Max Von Esson , who plays Sonny Malone , has such a small stage presence that he ’s absolutely eclipsed by Stanley .
Von Esson reminds me of the kind of performer you see on a cruise ship or at Disneyland .
He awkwardly hams it up and then completely under delivers when it comes time to really sing .
Von Esson even comes up short in terms of skating – in the grand finale he does n’t even skate .
With all the talent out there ( including the cast - offs from all the seasons of American Idol ) , it ’s hard to believe they could n’t find a better performer to play Sonny .
Of all the other cast members the only other real highlight of the show is Larry Marshall , who has the unenviable task of performing a role originated by the great Gene Kelly .
Marshall is one of the only genuinely talented and well rounded performers on stage .
He seems to be the only one to be able to balance both the humor and the narrative of the musical and both sings and acts wonderfully .
One of the biggest problems with Xanadu The Musical is that it seems to have a fairly strong disdain for the time period which the film and story are set in .
Throughout the show the 80’s are often referred to as ‘ culturally devoid ’ and references to most of the 80’s things are more pejorative than positive .
The musical also seems to have a disdain for the very artform of the musical itself .
It constantly pokes fun and commentates on the very institution of art that it is .
This creates an undertone to the piece which is far from celebratory .
Rather than trying to be so self referential , Xanadu had an amazing opportunity to celebrate the absolute over - the - top aspects of the time period and musical theater art form ; instead , it seems more interested in bashing it .
The staging for Xanadu The Musical is an absolute mess .
Rather than embracing the crazy and wonderful styles of the 80’s the stage looks more like a cheap , dull ampithere with columns and risers that accommodate on - stage seating .
Having audience members sit on the stage has become fashionable after plays like The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee and Spring Awakening .
In both those productions the placement of these audience members served a purpose .
Here it ’s just another element tacked on to make the show more ‘ hip ’ .
These audience members are out of place in this period piece and are only really there to help make the stark staging feel less empty .
My absolute biggest gripe with Xanadu The Musical is how nearly every moment of the show is played for laughs .
The show is littered with so many cheap jokes and gags that it leaves very little room for anything else .
This completely subverts the characters and the narrative so it becomes extremely difficult to care about anyone or anything in the show .
I think it ’s possible to play Xanadu over the top and still have some genuine moments between characters .
Ultimately Xanadu is one huge opportunity lost .
The original movie had an element of huge spectacle which gets completely lost in the adaptation to stage .
Xanadu could have been a flamboyant and unrestrained celebration of an era that was n’t ever aware how ‘ far out ’ it really was .
But , I do n’t think the creative team behind Xanadu genuinely loves the material or the era they ’re presenting , I think they saw a good opportunity to mount a Broadway production that would attract a 30 something audience who would place very little demands on the play and would appreciate its short running time .
Xanadu plays at the Keller Auditorium January 12 - 17th .
For more info :
( ed note : Portland Opera informs us that Max Von Esson sprained his ancle prior to the performance I saw and so did not skate as much due to it . )
Even if you drop your phone down a hole , or trap it in a locked briefcase , ZOMM promises to be there to connect incoming calls .
It 's kind of like a leash for those of us prone to abusing our phones .
Advertisement
Powered by Bluetooth , this hockey puck works as both a wireless speakerphone for inaccessible phones , and as an alarm should you leave your phone somewhere , forget it 's there and start to walk out of range .
Slated for an official CES release , the device has a rumored $ 80 price point .
Kind of expensive and niche , but could be useful in a pinch .
[ technabob ]
For those who wish to read the full news report ( sub. req 'd ) click through , but here ’s a bit of the story :
According to CIGNA ’s press releases , Hanway had served in leadership capacities with America 's Health Insurance Plans , and the Alliance for Health Reform .
" He is an outspoken advocate at the national level for greater transparency regarding health care quality and cost information available to consumers and a strong proponent of national quality standards for health care providers .
He is recognized as a leader in the effort to improve the quality , accessibility and affordability of health care in the United States .
Through the years , Hanway has been active in a wide range of issues and initiatives associated with health , education and international business . "
BEFORE you read further ... National Nurses United , the new national union for RNs , is asking nurses and patients to demand Congress remove the mandates that would force Americans to purchase products from the CIGNA 's of the world .
Call Rep. Pelosi ( 415-556-4862 ) and Sen. Reid ( 702-388-5020 ) and tell them to strip this bill of the CIGNA - mandates immediately !
Under Hanway ’s leadership , Cigna also did what for - profit insurance companies do so very well to enhance the profits that become multi-million dollar bonuses .
They denied care to thousands upon thousands of policyholders , and the company profits were protected .
But some of those denied care died as a result .
Nataline Sarkisyan was but one .
She was 17 .
She needed a new liver .
Cigna said no until enough nurses and enough of the family ’s friends and neighbors – and a few thousand concerned citizens – protested loudly enough to make some news coverage .
Then Cigna reversed itself .
Even in the face of Nataline ’s impending death , Hanway did what he felt was best to do to minimize damage to Cigna – not to save a teenager ’s life .
The negative PR became a bit much .
Wendell Potter , who worked as Cigna ’s communications director at the time , has said since that he watched the whole mess unfold and was one of the people advising Cigna ’s leadership to reverse the denial .
But the reversal came too late .
Nataline died .
December 20 , 2007 .
And for her mom and dad , no Christmas will ever be the same .
The Sarkisyan ’s buried their only daughter while wrapped in the love and support of their Armenian community , the nurses of the California Nurses Association and thousands of bloggers and others who tried to somehow ease the unimaginable .
Nurses do not want to stand in hospital lobbies protesting with terrified families who are begging insurance companies to approve care .
Nurses do not want to stand next to mothers and fathers , brothers and aunts at funerals for those who might have been saved if not for the delays and denials of care that insurance companies find so routine .
Nurses want to care for patients , and nurses wanted to care for Nataline .
Instead , they were left with caring for those left behind .
This year , on December 20 , 2009 , the Sarkisyan ’s marked the anniversary with a church service and reception at their home .
Liz Jacobs , RN , attended and recalled all the emotions of two years ago as they co-mingled with the images of a family very much still grieving .
The church was filled with hundreds of friends – almost all dressed in pink , Nataline ’s favorite color , except for Hilda Sarkisyan , Nataline ’s mother , who wore all black .
Many thought back to that day two years ago when the family stood protesting and fighting in a hospital lobby – begging for their little girl to have a chance at life – rather then being at her bedside in what would be her final hours .
Many felt grief about how close they all came to saving her life .
Close , but so far .
Doctors gave Nataline a 60 percent chance at life if she had the transplant .
As Hilda often reminds us all , " Cigna gave Nataline a zero percent chance . "
No doubt , Edward Hanway ’s family did not spend that day or that holiday season as the Sarkisyan family did nor did they spend this December 20th in the same fashion .
Retiring with $ 73 million makes scenarios like that forced on the Sarkisyan ’s lives much less likely .
At this year ’s memorial service , RN Jacobs noticed Nataline ’s friends who had been so supportive and so involved in the protests to save their friend when they were all 17 years old are now moving on with their lives .
All them are going off to college and starting their lives at 19 while Nataline ’s family will never know if Nataline would have been in fashion design school , as she dreamed , or on to another aspiration .
Yet in the midst of her grief , Hilda Sarkisyan stands firm in telling all in her community and all she touches that left as things are right now , the insurance companies will continue to do this to more and more Nataline ’s .
There is nothing that will stop them .
Not in these United States and not in the highly touted health reform legislation .
Our healthcare system is not the best in the world .
This chart from National Geographic gives us more reason , as if we needed more , to worry for our patients and for our nation .
But today we mostly wonder what that great , big bonus might have done in terms of healthcare .
If Nataline ’s liver transplant was to cost an estimated $ 70,000 , one - tenth of one - percent of Hanway ’s bonus would have covered Nataline ’s chance to live .
And that ’s not the company ’s total profit by any means .
That ’s just Hanway ’s retirement bonus .
$ 73 million dollars .
More than 1,000 Nataline ’s might have been saved by that $ 73 million .
Nurses know there is a better way to spend healthcare dollars than on obscene retirement bonuses .
And until there are no more hospital lobby protests or premature funerals for patients who might have lived if not for the profit and the greed of the insurance CEOs , retired CEOs and shareholders who do not stand at the bedsides of those to whom they deny , the nurses will fight .
The story of the day once again focuses on the ( lack of ) actions of Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , who according to recent revelations courtesy of Darrell Issa , did all he could to prevent material disclosure at AIG indicating the sad shape of the company in a filing released on Christmas Eve in 2008 .
The kicker can be seen on the crossed out section in the attached memorandum , where Geithner made it clear that he was willing to withhold materially public information vis-a - vis the bailout of AIG counterparties at 100 cents on the dollar , that only became public months later after intense political inquiry .
The whole part discussing this in the December 24 , 2008 SEC filing was eliminated under Geithner 's instructions :
As a result of this transaction , the AIGFP counterparties received 100 percent of the par value of the Multi-Sector CDOs sold and the related CDS have been terminated .
ML III has now acquired approximately $ [ 62.1 ] billion in par amount of Multi-Sector CDOs and has aggregate liabilities resulting from its borrowings from the NY fed of approximately $ [ ___ ] billion .
We are n't sure , SEC , but in our opinion this consitutes a pretty dramatic and forced lack of public disclosure for what was still a public company ?
And if that was n't enough , the following guidance from Mr. Geithner should be sufficient for Judge Rakoff to immediately add Mr. Geithner to the list of people who will soon have their fate determined by a jury of their peers .
Because while the SEC has proven beyond a reasonable doubt it does not care for proper disclosure of information any more , Mr. Geithner 's admonition is simply staggering :
" Note that there should be no discussion or suggestion that AIG and the NY Fed are working to structure anything else at this point . "
How ironic this blatant obfuscation would eventually turn out to be ...
Yet one of the very relevant pieces of information is also contained in what was previously undisclosed :
On December 17 , 2008 , AIGFP entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Shortfall Agreement , dated November 25 , 2008 , with Maiden Lane III LLC in connection with ML III 's purchase , on December 18 , 2008 of $ [ ] billion in par amount of additional multi-sector collateralized debt obligations , including $ [ ] billion of Multi -Sector CDOs previously held by AIGFP as a result of exercise of 2a - 7 Puts .
Ah , the mythical 2a - 7 " puts . "
Let 's recall a little blurb from AIG 's Q2 2008 conference call , where Citadel 's Dan Johnson ' leads the following exchange :
Operator Next question comes from Dan Johnson , Citadel Investments .
Your line is open .
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments Great , thank you very much .
Would you folks mind giving us a little bit more of a tutorial around the issues referred to as 2a - 7 Puts I believe its on page 87 , of the Q , just basically trying to understand how many more I guess clients could put this business back to you that would cause you to generate more CDOs as we did in the second quarter ?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services Dan it 's Elias Habayeb .
With respect to the 2a - 7 at this point we have written all the 2a - 7s we 're committed to write .
So that 's the maximum amount of 2a - 7 Puts that we have outstanding .
The way those work is that that if there is a failed remarketing then we would have potential obligation to buy the CDO back and / or the underlying security back and on most of them we do have backstop liquidity lines in the event those bonds have been put back to us .
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments
And is it that we do n't have any more exposure to this because there is been no failed remarketings or even that whole issue is basically there are no more 2a - 7 that we would be on , potentially on a risk for ?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services
No , we do have outstanding 2a - 7
Puts that continue to be outstanding and given the current state of the market we would be expecting to be buying back those underlying referenced obligations .
Daniel Johnson - Citadel Investments
And if sometime now what that means from capital consumption ?
Elias Habayeb - Chief Financial Officer AIG Financial Services
Not at this point .
Our legal experts is looking evaluating whether or not this disclosure by then AIGFP CFO Elias Habayeb may constitute 10 ( b ) - 5 fraud .
In either case , we will present a much broader analysis of 2a - 7 puts due to their close connection to a topic near and dear to us and our readers : money markets , which all fall under the purview of Rule 2a - 7 .
We are midly curious why AIGFP had material exposure to money market portfolio enhancing arrangements :
Rule 2a - 7 currently characterizes certain features that enhance the credit or liquidity of portfolio securities as " puts " and " unconditional puts . " < ( 10 ) >
To clarify terminology used in rule 2a - 7 , the Commission proposed to replace these terms with a new term -- " guarantee " -- that would include a wide - range of arrangements designed to unconditionally support the credit of the issuer of a security ... Since 1986 , rule 2a - 7 has permitted a fund to rely exclusively on the credit quality of the issuer of an " unconditional demand feature " in determining whether a security meets the rule 's credit quality standards . <( 13 ) >
The 1996 Amendments also permitted a fund to exclude from the rule 's issuer diversification standards a security subject to an unconditional demand feature provided by a person that does not control , or is not controlled by or under common control with , the issuer of the security ( " non-controlled person " ) . <( 14 ) >
We are also very curious why 2a - 7 puts were the proximal cause for billions in multi-sector CDO exercises .
Lastly , we are extremely curious at how many other entities ( aside from AIG ) 2a - 7 puts may play a comparable destructive and destabilizing influence at the nexus of structured finance and money markets .
In the meantime , here is the full letter , courtesy of Bloomberg , that should make any ambivalence in calls for Tim Geithner 's immediate resignation moot .
and this one :
Chicken sold in supermarkets , restaurants and other outlets may place young women at risk of urinary tract infections ( UTI ) , McGill researcher Amee Manges has discovered .
Samples taken in the Montreal area between 2005 and 2007 , in collaboration with the Public Health Agency of Canada and the University of Guelph , provide strong new evidence that E. coli ( Escherichia coli ) bacteria originating from these food sources can cause common urinary tract infections .
Eating contaminated meat or food does not directly lead to a UTI .
While some E. coli such as O157:H7 can cause serious intestinal disease , these E. coli bacteria can live in the intestine without causing problems .
In women however , the bacteria can travel from the anus to the vagina and urethra during sex , which can lead to the infection .
The research team is also investigating whether livestock may be passing antimicrobial - resistant bacteria on to humans .
This is due to the use of antibiotics to treat or prevent disease in the animals and to enhance their growth , which may lead them to develop resistance to the medication .
When animals are slaughtered and their meat is processed for sale , the meat can be contaminated with these bacteria .
" These studies might open the door to discussions with policymakers , " Manges said , " about how antibiotics are used in agriculture in Canada .
It 's certainly something we need to continue studying . "
The public should not be alarmed .
Manges advises that consumers should cook meat thoroughly and prevent contamination of other foods in the kitchen .
Although some infections caused by these E. coli are resistant to some antibiotics , the infections can still be treated .
Manges hopes that understanding how these bacteria are transmitted will help reduce infections .
She also hopes more attention will be focused on how meat is produced in Canada .
Her research is part of a broader study concerning food safety and is financed through funding by the Government of Canada , Public Health Agency of Canada , in collaboration with the Laboratory for Foodborne Zoonoses , specifically the Canadian Integrated Program for Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance , and also the Division de l'inspection des aliments , Ville de Montréal .
The Federal Trade Commission today finally voiced concern about the long - known problem of data leaking into criminal hands via LimeWire , BearShare , Kazaa and dozens of otherÃ‚Â peer - to - peer ( P2P ) Ã‚Â file sharing networks .
The FTC put nearly 100 companies and agencies on notice that their employees appear to be regularly leaking large amounts of sensitive customer and employee data on popular P2P networks
The FTC did not name names , either of the victimized organizations or of the P2P networks .
But the problem is well - known in tech - security circles .
And it appears to be exacerbated by rising d0 - more - with - less demands on being placed on employees .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Companies should take a hard look at their systems to ensure that there are no unauthorized P2P file - sharing programs and that authorized programs are properly configured and secure , ” says FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz .
“ Just as important , companies that distribute P2P programs , for their part , should ensure that their software design does not contribute to inadvertent file sharing .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
Data leaking from home PCs
This is a long - debated concern on which studies have been done and for which Congressional hearings have been held .
The basic problem has to do with well - meaning employees taking company files home and loading them on their personal PCs to work on .
If that PC is subsequently used to download free music or videos at LimeWire , Kazaa or dozens of other P2P networks — and the user is not careful about configuring the download — work files can get exposed to all users of the network .
“ It sounds preposterous , but sensitive information leaking out unintentionally like this is amazingly common , ” says Eric Johnson , director of digital strategies at Dartmouth ’s Tuck School of Business .
“ Look at the file sharing networks and you ’ll find people exposing things all the time . ”
In fact , data leakage via P2P networks has become so commonplace that there are cybercrime gangs who specialize in continually searching P2P sites for sensitive work documents .
FTC investigators easily found health - related information , financial records , drivers ’ license and social security numbers accessible on P2P networks — “ the kind of information that could lead to identity theft , ” says Leibowitz .
The FTC is conducting “ non-public investigations ” of other companies whose data are turning up on P2P networks .
It also today released new education materials to help companies deal with the problem .
Doing more with less
A big driver of the problem is the fact that many employees today are under intense pressure to take on tasks previously assigned to others who ’ve been laid off in the down economy .
Striving to produce more , employees feel compelled to take work home and use their own equipment and network hookups to complete assignments , says Lisa Sotto , head of privacy and information management at New York law firm Hunton & Williams .
Sotto says companies need to establish and enforce policies relating to the access and use of sensitive company data , and train employees on best security practices .
“ Awareness is critical , ” she says .
“ A lot of people do n’t know that there is a problem . ”
The FTC is calling on theÃ‚Â roughly 100 organizations whose data it found littering p2 p sites toÃ‚Â identify affected customers and employees and “ consider whether to notify them that their information is available on P2P networks . ”
The agency pointed out that most states and federal regulatory agencies have data breach notification laws requiring such disclosure .
By Byron Acohido
February 22nd , 2010 | For consumers | Imminent threats
The latest Rasmussen poll indicates that a majority of Americans support hard - line attitudes towards the would - be terrorist who attempted to blow up an airliner on Christmas day .
Of those polled , 71 % would like to see the crime investigated by military rather than civilian authorities , and 58 % believe that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab should be subjected to “ aggressive ” interrogation techniques in order to gain information .
Men , younger voters , and Republicans were most strongly in support of the use of harsh methods .
ADVERTISEMENT
In addition , 79 % expect another terrorist attack in the United States during the next year — a huge jump from the 49 % who held that opinion last August — and 30 % believe the terrorists are winning .
Hard - line sentiments were also reflected in the answers to questions about airport security — 54 % would like to see the United States take control of boarding procedures at foreign airports — closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay , and probes of CIA torture during the Bush administration .
Liberal blogs have been skeptical all year about Rasmussen polls which show President Obama with an approval rating far lower than any other polling organization , and polling analyst Nate Silver in particular has recently subjected Rasmussen to fierce mockery .
This latest poll is likely to only increase the controversy .
The results of the poll have already been proclaimed by conservative blogs .
A blogger at Weasel Zippers exulted , “ Obama ’s bleeding - heart liberal approach to national security issues is failing .
The Left is pushing their insane agenda too far for most Americans . ”
Ed Morrissey at Hot Air headlined his version of the story “ 58 % prefer the Cheney option on EunuchBomber , ” and explained , “ I just call it the Cheney Option because it recalls a time when we treated terrorists as unlawful combatants rather than defendants .
Apparently , a healthy majority of Americans agree with that approach . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Liberal blogger Greg Sargent , however , headlined his own reaction , “ Cheney Camp Rejoices That Majority Wants To Torture Bombing Suspect
“ Michael Goldfarb , presumably speaking for the Cheney camp , is really , really psyched about a new Rasmussen poll finding that a majority wants to torture the plane bombing suspect , ” Sargent writes .
“ The fact that the Cheney camp is grabbing onto this one poll as vindication says more about the degree to which Cheney has lost the overall national security argument than it does about anything else . ”
and I have taken up playing chess .
A few of those games , hilarious for their morose march toward death , have led to the idea of " zombie chess . "
Today , we worked out a set of rules for the game .
You will need at least three cheap plastic chess sets .
You can see why , partly , in the way you set it up :
The object for White is to get the king to the far end of the board .
The object for Black is to checkmate White 's king .
White moves first .
All white pieces move normally , except for the rook , which moves as usual but can neither take nor be taken .
Black can move only one square at a time , even on the pieces ' first moves , but moves and takes in the normal directions .
When Black is in a position to take a piece , it must do so .
( If it ever became possible to take more than one piece at a time , then you could choose which one . )
But the big difference is , when Black takes , the black pawn does n't move into the taken white piece 's square .
Instead , the taken white piece becomes a zombie pawn .
For example : Move 1 : White has opened with a pawn .
Black responds by opening with its own -- Move 2 : White makes some other futile move ( in this case , moving a second pawn ) .
But since
White did n't move its first pawn , Black is forced to take it -- As you can see , things get ugly fast .
Since we had only three cheap plastic chess sets , we had to resort to black bishops , knights and rooks to swell the the zombie horde .
While there is a certain Romeroesque quality to replacing a white queen with a black queen , making the other white pieces stare in the zombified face of their old buddy , it 's easy to forget that the black queen moves like any other zombie pawn .
Once a zombie pawn has advanced to the end of the board , then , on its next turn , it can move to the first square in the same file so long as that square is unoccupied ( i.e. , the board wraps around for Black ) .
White basically sacrifices most its pawns right off the bat to keep Black from advancing too quickly .
Just like in " Dawn of the Dead , " the living player faces the problem of keeping track of all the zombies and not underestimating them for being so slow .
The zombies ( not exactly like in " Dawn of the Dead " ) have to support their forward pawns , spread their pieces out more or less evenly , and avoid letting any white pieces get to your back row .
The rooks can be useful , but since they can't take any pawns , they easily get boxed in .
Hrafntinna mostly played White .
She 's a very careful player , and she won all four games , but it looked horrifying and even impossible most of the time .
That sounds like your basic horror movie .
The one time that I played White , I died quickly and gruesomely -- but I had a hard time changing gears after having played Zombie twice already .
Hrafntinna dubbed the white queen " Last Girl , " i.e. , that girl in all the slasher movies who ( has n't had sex and therefore ) survives .
But since the king is the one who has to get to the other side , not her , that basically made him " wounded boyfriend . "
The rook is the truck , and the knight is no doubt the helicopter .
Letting zombie pawns wrap around the board in the advancing direction took away a relatively easy strategy for White , i.e. : surviving until the wave of zombies passes you by , at which point they 're completely unsupported and vulnerable from behind .
Playing without a wraparound board is " Shaun of the Dead " rules .
For more zombie realism , I thought of starting with just two ranks of zombie pawns , then letting them move in all four directions ( and taking along the diagonals ) .
But it starts to distort more and more of the original shape of chess , and chess could never literally recreate a George Romero movie .
( Maybe that 's where the " Zombies ! ! ! " game picks up . )
If you do play zombie chess , I 'd like to know how it went for you , especially if the game is too easy or too hard -- within the bounds of the horror - movie - chess - game genre , that is .
After all , it was fun , as Hrafntinna said , to play a game that had no illusions of being fair .
On the way home from the cafe where we played , she and I talked about alternate games :
For instance , you could play a sort of inverse version of zombie chess , modeled after " Alien " : Only White 's pieces are on the board , in their usual places , except that White is missing its queen -- who is replaced by a black queen ( the alien ) -- and its king , who apparently crawled into the air ducts early on to kill off the alien with a flamethrower but died painfully instead .
The black queen can move like a regular queen , and also like a knight .
White moves first , not that it will do you any good .
Last one standing wins .
The board is the Nostromo : there is no way off .
" Slap Shot , " which turned 25 on March 25 , might seem like the silliest , most outrageous piece of sports fiction that Hollywood has come up with .
Turns out , it came pretty close to the real world of minor - league hockey , circa mid-1970s .
Not all of the Hanson brothers were brothers .
In real life : The Chiefs are modeled after the Johnstown Jets , who played in the Eastern Hockey League and North American Hockey League from 1950 - 51 to 1976 - 77 .
Screenwriter Nancy Dowd 's brother , Ned , played for the Jets , and she spent a month traveling with the team , and at other times had Ned set up a tape recorder in the locker room and on the bus to capture what life looked , felt and sounded like for the Jets .
In reel life :
It 's hockey season , but there 's no snow on the ground , the grass is green , the trees are green ...
In real life : During hockey season in Johnstown , there would normally be a lot of snow on the ground , the grass would be brown , the trees leafless .
But the film was shot between April and June 1976 , which accounts for the spring / summer - like atmosphere .
In reel life : The Chiefs hometown of Charlestown is dependent on factory jobs that are being eliminated .
In real life : The Jets hometown , Johnstown , Pa. , was a steel and coal mining town dependent on mills .
Its factories were also closing in the 1970s and 1980s .
In reel life : They 're the Hanson brothers -- Jeff , Steve , and Jack .
In real life : Jeff , Steve , and Jack Carlson played together on the Jets -- on the same line .
Dave Hanson also played on the Jets , and the four shared a house together for a time .
When it came time to cast the movie , Jack was off playing in the World Hockey Association , so Hanson got the part playing Jack .
And all three movie " brothers " took the name of Hanson .
Jeff Carlson plays Jeff Hanson , Steve Carlson plays Steve Hanson , and Dave Hanson plays Jack Hanson .
If this is n't confusing enough , Ned Dowd , Nancy 's brother , appears in the movie as Ogie Oglethorpe , a dreaded opponent .
In reel life :
At the start of the film , Chiefs goalie Denis Lemieux is on a TV show demonstrating illegal moves .
In real life :
As the Carlson brothers and Hanson point out in their DVD commentary , when Lemieux demonstrates high - sticking , what he 's really showing is a cross-check .
When he shows slashing , it 's really hooking .
And when he demonstrates spearing , it 's actually butt - ending .
In reel life : The Jets general manager , McGrath ( played by Strother Martin ) , says , early in the film , " This is the last season .
It 'll be announced tomorrow . "
In real life : The Johnstown Jets played their last season in 1976 - 77 , then missed the 1977 - 78 season because the Johnstown flood of 1977 damaged their ice - making equipment .
They returned for two more seasons in 1978 - 79 and 1979 - 80 ( as the Wings and Red Wings , respectively ) , but the team went out of business from 1980 - 81 to 1987 as the town struggled through a severe economic downturn .
In 1988 , hockey returned to Johnstown with the Chiefs ( named after the team in the movie ) , who compete in the East Coast Hockey League .
In reel life : The Chiefs are a hapless team who turn into winners when faced with the possibility of extinction .
In real life : The Jets were n't hapless , but had finished fifth the season before their 1974 - 75 championship season .
On Jan. 19 , 1975 , the Jets were still in seventh place , but won 23 of their last 31 games to make the playoffs .
They went on to win the Lockhart Cup , first beating the Cape Cod Codders , three games to one in the first round of the playoffs .
( After the series , Steve Carlson , who had been suspended for the season after a brawl in Johnstown in late March , was reinstated . )
The Jets then beat the Syracuse Blazers in seven games in the semifinals , and finished their title run with a four - game sweep of the Binghamton , N.Y. , Broome Dusters in the finals .
According to the Johnstown Tribune - Democrat 's account of the Game 7 victory over Syracuse , " After the game , Syracuse fans went after the three officials ... ( who ) were escorted to their cars in their officiating clothes by police , as fans gathered near the dressing room . "
The fans were upset about a penalty call against one of their players late in the game .
In reel life :
In a fashion show near the beginning of the movie , one outfit is called the " Omar Sharif " look .
In real life : Omar Sharif , who became a Hollywood icon in the 1960s with star turns in " Lawrence of Arabia , " " Dr. Zhivago " and " Funny Girl , " is blessed with one of the greatest names in showbiz , so it 's a pleasure to hear it come up .
Sharif was born in Egypt as Michel Shahoub , and changed his name when he converted to Islam .
In the 1960s , he gained a reputation as an exotic - looking , jet - setting playboy , so , in the mid-1970s , evoking the name of Sharif in a fashion context would make sense .
Hockey players strutting the runways is n't unheard of , either .
In his DVD commentary , Jack Carlson says he did a fashion show in Hartford , when he was playing for the New England Whalers of the WHA .
Sharif 's film career waned in the 1980s and 1990s , but his bridge career took off .
He 's a world - class player .
The Hansons knew how to goon it up in the pros as well .
In real life : Indeed , Mrs. Carlson popped out her boys almost like a metronome in the 1950s .
Jeff Carlson was born on July 20 , 1953 ; he was followed 13 months later by Jack , on Aug. 23 , 1954 .
One year and three days later , on Aug. 26 , 1955 , along came Steve .
So , at the start of the 1974 season , the Carlson brothers were 19 , 20 and 21 .
In reel life : The Chiefs are " goons " who play dirty and fight at just about every opportunity .
In real life : The Jets ( and the North American Hockey League in general ) piled up the fights and penalty minutes .
John Gofton , a Jet who plays Nick Brophy ( the sloshed center of the Hyannisport Presidents ) in the film , told ESPN radio's Todd Wright that the movie " was a little exaggerated , but we used to have fights galore . "
The Carlson brothers and Hanson were cast to type .
During the 1974 - 75 championship season , Jeff Carlson led the team in penalty minutes with 264 in 64 games , Jack Carlson was second with 248 , and Hanson third with 242 .
On Jan. 15 , 1976 , Hanson added to his legacy by setting a team record for most penalty minutes in a period -- 38 -- with four minor penalties , two majors , a misconduct and a game misconduct .
In reel life : Paul Newman plays Reggie Dunlop , an aging player - coach , who 's lived in Charlestown and played minor - league hockey forever , it seems .
In real life : The Johnstown Jets were coached to their 1975 title by Dick Roberge , who played 17 seasons in Johnstown ( and appears in one scene as a ref who throws Dunlop out of a game ) , but Dunlop 's character was probably inspired by Long Island Ducks player - coach John Brophy .
The Ducks , who folded in 1973 , played against Johnstown in the Eastern Hockey League , and Brophy did a lot of coaching from the penalty box .
He also had a reputation for brawling -- he was once suspended for hitting a referee .
The film gives a nod to Brophy by giving the Presidents center his last name .
Paul Newman once said his language was right out of the locker room after " Slap Shot . "
In real life : Newman probably swore as much ( or little ) as any other guy ... until " Slap Shot . "
Then life began to imitate art .
" There 's a hangover from characters sometimes , " he told Time magazine in 1984 .
" There are things that stick .
Since ' Slap Shot , ' my language is right out of the locker room . "
In reel life :
On the team bus , Dunlop drinks Schmidt 's beer .
In real life : Ah , Schmidt's .
A Philadelphia - brewed beer from back in the days when local breweries still meant something , Schmidt's , which was cheap and " tasty , " was affectionately known as " Schuylkill swill , " after the river that runs through Philly .
The Schmidt 's brewery closed in 1987 , after the label was sold .
G. Heileman Brewing / Pabst now makes Schmidt's , Schmidt 's Ice , Schmidt 's Red Lager and Schmidt 's Light .
The Hanson brothers and Carlson say in their DVD commentary that the Jets really drank Stroh 's and Schmidt 's and Iron City beer .
But during the filming all they had was Stroh 's and Schmidt's .
In reel life : The Hanson brothers wear black - rimmed , Coke - bottle eyeglasses , and in one game , get into a fight immediately after the opening faceoff .
In real life : Jeff and Steve Carlson wore those glasses , and did get into a long fight right after an opening faceoff .
Roberge told the Johnstown Tribune - Democrat , " We got into Binghamton about two or three weeks before the playoffs .
In the team warmup , we 're out there and all the Binghamton players came out with the plastic glasses and big noses , every one of them , poking fun at the Carlson brothers .
We went back in the dressing room and the boys said , ' Coach , as soon as that puck is dropped , we 're pairing up . '
We had one heckuva fight .
They went about 30 minutes until everyone got tired .
We met them again in the finals and beat them four straight . "
Michael Ontkean , left , played three seasons at the University of New Hampshire .
In real life : Nick Nolte " was trying like crazy to get the part , " Allan Nicholls ( who played Chiefs captain Johnny Upton ) told ESPN Radio's Todd Wright recently .
But , said Nicholls , director George Roy Hill was looking for actors who could skate ( and apparently Nolte could n't while Ontkean had played three years of college hockey at New Hampshire ) .
Rumor has it that Donnie Most , who played Ralph Malph on " Happy Days , " also tried out for the part .
In reel life : Before a game , Braden is wearing new blue gloves before he 's introduced to the crowd .
Then he skates out wearing old brown gloves .
A few seconds later , he 's wearing the blue gloves again .
In real life : Even a striptease artist like Braden ( we 'll get to that later ) could n't make such a quick switch without some help from the film editors .
In reel life : Braden 's girlfriend looks at a statue of a brown dog in a park in downtown Charlestown , and asks Dunlop , " What 's the story on that dog ? "
He replies , " That 's the dog that saved Charlestown in the 1938 flood . "
In real life : " Morley 's Dog " is a real statue in Johnstown , but Reggie 's got his facts backward and his century wrong .
The cast iron statue , made in the 1860s , was a fixture in the Morley family yard until 1889 , when it was swept away in a flood that killed 2,209 people .
It was recovered , and has been on display in downtown Johnstown for a long time , although it had to be put behind a chain - link fence to protect it from vandals .
There is talk of a " hero dog " of the 1889 flood , who went by the name of " Romey " and may have saved some lives , but the statue is not of him .
In reel life : Chiefs radio broadcaster Jim Carr wears a terrible , obvious toupee .
Near the end of the movie , Ned Braden says to Carr , " Why do you wear that rug ?
It 's just sensationally ugly ! "
In real life : Andrew Duncan , who played Carr , did not wear a toupee in real life .
But Carr , said the Carlsons and Hanson in their DVD commentary , was modeled after Johnstown sportscaster Bill Wilson , who , they say , wore a wig .
In reel life : The Chiefs fight all the time .
In real life : " When I played for the Jets I did n't play in one game when there was n't at least one fight , " Dave Hanson told the Vancouver Sun last year .
In reel life : The Chiefs intimidated opponents with their rough play and brawling , and started winning games and drawing huge crowds .
In real life : The Johnstown Jets promotional slogan for the 1975 - 76 season was " Aggressive Hockey is Back in Johnstown . "
As in the movie 's Charlestown , brawling and attendance increased almost simultaneously in Johnstown .
In real life : The Jets played in the Cambria County War Memorial , a 4,000 - seat arena built in 1950 , In the fourth and final contest against Binghamton , said Jets captain Galen Head , " people were hanging off the rafters watching us play that game . "
In reel life : Police patrol outside the arena with vicious dogs .
In real life : " Every visiting team had to be escorted out of town with dogs , in Johnstown .
That 's a fact , " say the Carlson brothers and Hanson in their DVD commentary .
In reel life :
The head referees wear red-striped jerseys .
In real life :
In the short - lived WHA , the refs wore red-striped jerseys .
In reel life : Fights before and during the games are bloody and violent -- players really seem to get hurt .
In real life :
The fights were often not as " staged " as the actors would have liked them to be .
" I was injured during a fight , " Yvon Barrette , who played goalie Denis Lemieux , said recently .
" The danger was not from the guy you were fighting with , but other people dancing around with their skates .
Skates were in the air , and that was quite dangerous . "
The Carlson brothers and Hanson say in their DVD commentary that when they went into the stands for one fight , the " actors " in the stands took things a bit too seriously , and really tried to take them down .
In reel life : The Hansons mix in tin foil with the tape they wear under their gloves .
In real life : The Carlsons did wrap foil around their hands , so they could cut opponents when they brawled .
" They used to come into the dressing room and wrap their hands with aluminum foil under the gloves , " Roberge told Myrtle Beach Golf Magazine recently .
" They came up with a ruling ( a month into the season ) that you could not wear anything under your hockey gloves except a golf glove . "
In their DVD commentary , the Carlsons and Hanson deny they used foil , saying it was Nancy Dowd 's idea .
They do admit to wearing leather golf gloves under their hockey gloves -- after the golf gloves were " treated " by immersing them in water , getting them soaking wet , then drying them on radiators so they'd be " hard as rocks , " and do the most damage in fights .
In reel life :
The boys lead the team into the stands for a fight .
Carr leans over to watch the fight , and , gripping his microphone , says , " Ladies and gentlemen , look at that .
You can't see that .
I 'm on radio . "
In real life : The Carlsons did go into the stands to fight against fans of the Mohawk Valley Comets in Utica , N.Y. , because a fan had thrown a glass of ice at them .
The Carlsons and Hanson , in their DVD commentary , say they were arrested after that fight .
Technically , some fans in the arena could have been listening to the radio , and could have witnessed the fight while listening .
But I just tossed that line in because it's one of my favorites , and reminded me of Ralph Kiner .
In reel life :
While a brawl is going on during the final game , Ned does a striptease .
In real life :
This seems to be one of the clearly fictional on - ice events in the film .
In reel life : The Chiefs start a fight with an opponent during pregame warmups , and in the championship game the Syracuse Chiefs forfeit after a fight and Ned 's striptease , giving the Chiefs the victory and the championship .
In real life : According to Dave Hanson , the Jets brawled against the Buffalo Norsemen before a playoff game started , when no refs were on the ice .
" They ( the Norsemen ) skated off the ice and went into the locker room and refused to come out to play the game , and we won the playoff series by forfeit , " said Hanson .
In reel life :
At the movie theater downtown , " Deep Throat " is playing , along with " Meatball . "
In real life : Hmmm .
This is a toughie , but sometimes hard - core research pays off .
" Deep Throat , " starring the recently deceased Linda Lovelace , was the first hard - core porn flick to be shown in mainstream theaters .
The film was released in 1972 and became a cultural phenomenon ; it could have been playing in downtown Johnstown in the mid-1970s .
" Meatball , " starring Harry Reems ( who appeared in " Deep Throat " ) , also came out in 1972 , and was the second film .
In case you 're wondering about the plot of " Meatball , " this is a description from a website you 're not allowed to visit : " Harry Reems plays Dr. Schmock , a zany mad scientist who discovers Preparation X -- a formula that makes ordinary hamburger double in size and come alive !
The only problem is that Preparation X has one serious side effect -- it's also a powerful male aphrodisiac !
Join us in the laboratory where the good doctor is wearing out every female technician in reach ! "
In reel life :
While their teammates drink and play cards to relax in the hotel during a road trip , the Hansons play with toy race cars in their room .
The Hanson brothers liked their toy cars in real life as well .
In reel life : There 's a " Pet Brick " in a locker behind Jeff Hanson .
In real life :
In the spring of 1975 , California advertising man Gary Dahl had an idea : Stick a rock in a box , include a booklet of " training instructions " and call it a " pet . "
Thus began the " Pet Rock " fad .
The " Pet Rock " was introduced in August 1975 , and by the time its run was over around Christmas , more than a million rocks in a box had been sold at $ 3.95 a pop .
Hanson 's " Pet Brick , " apparently a substitute for the pet owner on a strict budget , was ailing last we heard of it .
Jack Hanson , in a February 2001 chat at the Ottawa Senators site , was asked if he had a pet .
" Yup , I have a white German shepherd , " he replied .
" Steve has a turtle and Jeff has a brick , which is sick . "
In reel life : " Killer " Carlson says he owes part of his success to " Swami Baha " and that you can get his records anywhere .
In real life :
There were lots of so - called Swamis roaming around in the 1970s , but we 've never heard of Mr. Baha .
In reel life : Dunlop offers a " bounty " of $ 100 for the first Chief who slugs Tim " Dr. Hook " McCracken .
In real life : Marquette Iron Rangers coach " Okie " Brumm put a bounty on Ernie DuPont of the Green Bay Bobcats -- $ 50 to any player who knocked him down or fought him , say the Hanson brothers and Carlson in their DVD commentary .
Added Jeff or Dave , " My brother Jack went after him .
That 's where they ( the filmmakers ) got it from . "
The Iron Rangers and the Bobcats played in the USHL during the mid-1970s .
In reel life : The Syracuse Bulldogs bring back a bunch of old - time goons in the final game .
In real life : Many of the " opponents " in the film were either active minor - league hockey players or , in that last game , real old - timers .
For example , Clarence " Screaming Buffalo " Swamptown , the Bulldogs player who comes out onto the ice wearing war paint , was played by Indian Joe Nolan , who played in the Eastern Hockey League in the mid-1950s ( and was banned for life , say the Hanson brothers and Carlson in their DVD commentary , although they do n't explain why ) .
Another real - life minor - leaguer who played a Bulldog was Connie Madigan ( the second Bulldog introduced before the final game ) , who played in the minors for 17 years and had a 20 - game NHL career with the St. Louis Blues in 1972 - 73 .
Mark Busque , who played for the NAHL Philadelphia Firebirds in the mid-70s , also plays a Bulldog .
In reel life : The Bulldogs wear uniforms that look awfully familiar to NHL fans of the 1970s .
In real life : The Chiefs are wearing Philadelphia Flyers unis of the period , with a different logo .
In the mid-1970s , the Flyers were notorious intimidators known as the " Broad Street Bullies . "
Coincidence ?
Paul Newman pummels a Syracuse Bulldog .
In real life :
There is no Gilmore Tuttle , but Blake Ball , who plays the part , was known as a brawler during his 14 minor - league seasons , during which he played for , among many other teams , the Syracuse Blazers , the Jets and , for part of the 1973 - 74 season , the Macon Whoopees .
In reel life : Ogie Oglethorpe is a feared player among the Chiefs , known for his ruthless dirty playing , fighting and arrests .
The Chiefs do n't face Oglethorpe , " the worst goon in hockey , " until the final game of the season because he 's been suspended and in prison .
Before the final game , Carr introduces Oglethorpe , saying , " This young man has had a very trying rookie season , with the litigation , the notoriety , his subsequent deportation to Canada and that country 's refusal to accept him . "
In real life :
The model for Ogie was Bill " Goldie " Goldthorpe , who rolled up 25 majors for fighting by Christmas of his rookie year with the Syracuse Blazers in 1973 .
" I could n't even shake people 's hands my hands were so sore , " Goldthorpe told the Vancouver Sun last year .
" We started fighting a lot and having brawls .
Over the course of the year , all the capers I 'd been in , on and off the ice , built a character . "
Goldthorpe was indeed arrested and jailed .
His team had been fighting ( among themselves ) on the tarmac at the Green Bay airport , and when the police arrived , Goldthorpe did n't stop .
So he was put in the slammer , while the rest of the team flew on to Canada .
Goldthrope was released the next day and escorted across the border by Canadian immigration officials .
And Goldthorpe was feared .
" He had a big blond afro and did n't crack a smile , " said Dave Hanson .
" He had that leather - face , stone - cold look .
Goldie was one of those guys you just never knew what he was going to do .
And whatever he did , you just did n't believe that he did it . "
Page 2 editor Jay Lovinger wrote about Goldthorpe in the Binghamton Sun-Bulletin in 1975 : " With an official trying to keep Goldthorpe out of further trouble , the pair skated around the rink , Goldthorpe gesticulating angrily at the Comet bench , and finally returning to the penalty box for another go at Bob O'Reilly .
O'Reilly tried to use a chair ( unsuccessfully ) to keep Goldthorpe at bay .
Goldthorpe , for whom this kind of thing is not a new experience , will be fined and suspended three games . "
Goldthorpe played for 16 pro teams in his 10 - year career , including some exhibition games with the Maple Leafs and Penguins in 1977 .
In reel life :
In one of the final scenes , Ned does a striptease on the ice -- and strips down all the way to his jock , revealing his buttocks , in full .
In real life : Oops .
There must have been a coffee break in there somewhere .
At the start of the striptease Ned is wearing long underwear and boxer shorts beneath his jockstrap -- did Ned really take off all of his underwear and put his jockstrap back on ?
In reel life : Before the last game , Reggie says he wants to go out " clean " and play " old - time hockey . "
The names Toe Blake , Dit Clapper and Eddie Shore are mentioned in service of this cause .
In real life : Toe Blake , Dit Clapper and Eddie Shore are all hockey greats .
Hector " Toe " Blake played for the Canadiens from 1935 to 1948 and was a three - time all - star and one - time MVP .
Later he became one of the greatest coaches in the game .
Aubrey " Dit " Clapper played forward and defense during his 20 - year career ( 1927 to 1947 ) with the Bruins , and picked up three Stanley Cups on his way to the Hall of Fame .
Eddie Shore was a hard - nosed defenseman and four - time MVP who played for the Bruins from 1926 to 1940 .
In reel life : There 's a parade in downtown Charlestown , complete with marching bands , to celebrate the Chiefs ' championship .
In real life :
Three high - school bands and thousands of Johnstowners turned out to cheer the Jets after they won the title , and Mayor Herb Pfuhl made team members honorary citizens .
" Closer Look " will be a regular Page 2 feature , exploring a hot sports topic in greater detail .
One of the common questions ( sometimes framed as a claim or justification ) about unscientific and implausible treatments that frequently comes up is – if they do n’t work , why are they so popular ?
The assumption ( also made by some who oppose regulation of medical products ) is that the consumer will perceive the medical value of products and adjust demand accordingly .
I and others who favor more scientific and effective regulation of health products and claims have argued that there are a host of factors distorting the market in favor of health products with appealing claims , even if they lack substance .
I am not an economist , however .
So it was heartening to read the very same arguments I have been making expressed from an economist ’s point of view .
This paper by Werner Troesken , an economist from the University of Pittsburgh , explores the flourishing of the patent medicine industry from 1810 to 1939 in the US ( when FDA regulation essentially shut it down ) .
Troesken explores many factors leading to this success , but what I found most interesting is that when you strip away all the complexity , Troesken shows how ineffective treatments will still flourish in the marketplace .
Inelastic demand with respect to product failures
The core concept of this paper is that the patent medicine industry demonstrated what Troesken calls “ inelastic demand with respect to product failures ” – in other words , people still wanted to buy patent medicines , even after their previous experience with such products resulted in failure .
He begins with a few reasonable premises .
The first is that the patent medicines of the time did not work .
We can say with historical hindsight that the products popular at the time were not effective in curing the diseases they were being used to treat – often serious illnesses that were common at the time , like tuberculosis , but which lacked any mainstream medical treatment .
Most patent medicines were variations of the same product , in fact – a bit of alcohol , sugar , and some ( essentially random ) vegetable matter .
Often the same products were marketed over and over again with different labels and claims .
We can now say with a high degree of confidence that these elixirs did not cure tuberculosis , or seizures , typhoid , or any other ailment that was claimed .
Troesken assumes a 100 % failure rate for patent medicines .
Troesken also assumes that customers perceived this failure – they knew they were not cured of TB .
For a bit more of background on this premise , however , Troesken explains that at the time the empirical model of assessing medicines was dominant .
In other words , treatments were assessed purely on whether or not they worked , not on the plausibility of any putative mechanism .
This is largely due to the fact that science had not yet progressed sufficiently to think productively about plausibility .
It is a very interesting side note that empiricism resulted in very slow and uneven progress in medicine .
Scientific medicine began to improve dramatically , however , when it became increasingly founded upon basic science .
I would add , however , that the technology of empiricism also improved – we got better at doing clinical experiments .
I would argue that this debate continues today – that between pure empiricism ( which functionally is represented by evidence - based medicine ) and a more balanced mixture of basic and clinical science , which I and others advocate as science - based medicine .
In any case , Troesken argues that consumers were following an almost pure empirical approach to patent medicines .
They did not know enough science , and not enough science was known , to assess the plausibility of the products , so they judged them entirely on whether or not they perceived a benefit .
This is Troesken ’s basic model – medicines do not work , consumers judge them solely on whether or not they work , and consumers correctly perceive that they do not .
Interestingly ( and I think this is the core insight of this paper ) even with this basic model , Troesken argues that the patent medicine market would still flourish – as it in fact did .
This is because ( here is where the economics perspective comes in ) the perceived value of a potential cure is extremely high , compared to the relatively low cost of experimenting with a new treatment .
So consumers felt that they had little to lose and the world to gain , leading to repeated experimentation with , and even high demand for , patent medicines .
Troesken acknowledges that repeated failures would decrease the perceived value of patent medicines , but this perceived value would not go to zero – it would decrease asymptotically , and remain substantially high even after multiple failures .
In other words – the allure of a promised cure is so great , people are willing to risk the investment in the treatment even after repeated failures .
We therefore cannot rely upon market forces to weed out ineffective treatments from the marketplace .
False positive and other factors
But of course – this is the most basic model .
There are many other factors at work , and Troesken hits upon many of the ones I and my colleagues have discussed in the past , but not all of them .
For example , he discusses how marketing was designed to produce “ false positives ” – this led to the testimonial , a fake patient giving a fake testimony about how the patent medicine worked for them .
Consumers then incorporate the false positives of testimonials into their calculations , making the product demand even more resistant to personal failures .
Another potential source of false positives was actual active ingredients present in many patent medicines .
Products often contained cathartics , purgatives , or even narcotics ( and of course alcohol is an active ingredient ) .
These substances may have caused dependence , and in fact some patent medicines may have been little more than a socially acceptable “ back door ” method of consuming illicit drugs .
Or they may have produced physical effects that convinced consumers something biological was happening , such as removing toxins through purgatives .
What Troesken does not discuss much is the false positive of the placebo effect .
This is because he is restricting his analysis to claims for cures of real diseases .
In his basic model he ignores spontaneous remissions , but he acknowledges this is another source of false positives – sometimes people get better on their own .
But the more serious the disease , the more rare this should be .
When we move into the arena of symptomatically treating chronic ailments that are not life - threatening , the placebo effects takes on a larger role .
For example , many illnesses are self - limiting – they will get better with only tincture of time , and so any treatment will seem to work .
Also , people with a fluctuating illness will tend to seek treatments when their symptoms are at their worst , and so regression to the mean will result in improvement after any treatment they take while symptoms are at their peak .
There are also a host of other psychological factors leading people to perceive improvement in the absence of a real biological effect .
( See here for more information on placebo effects . )
One factor I think Troesken gets a bit wrong is his conclusion that patent medicines thrived not only despite their lack of effectiveness , but because of it .
He argues that if a patent medicine worked , and cured a client , that consumer would be removed from the pool of demand – they would no longer be seeking medicine .
This is true ( again within the limited model of patent medicines as cures for serious illnesses , rather than symptomatic treatments for chronic illnesses ) but he ignores an important factor .
If a person survives one illness , they will survive to get another – and when they do , they will likely return to what cured them the first time .
Everyone is relentlessly aging , and with age comes increasing illness .
Ironically , Troesken does accurately refer to this effect in a different context below .
The rise of science - based medicine
Troesken also argues that improvements in the knowledge base and effectiveness of scientific medicine did not , and would not be expected to , reduce the patent medicine market .
The success of snake oil , in other words , should not be interpreted as a failure of or the absence of effective medicine .
In fact , Troesken argues , the success of germ theory and increasingly scientific medicine meant that people were surviving the acute illnesses of their youth to become older adults – older adults with chronic ailments .
Modern medicine , therefore , increased the pool of demand for patent medicines .
He also points out , and I would amplify , that increasing medical knowledge did not dampen the demand for implausible treatments .
This is because the general public , while they may have increased scientific knowledge as scientific knowledge in general increased , would not rise to the point that they would reject patent medicines on the basis of scientific plausibility .
They remained empiricists .
This matches our knowledge of belief in pseudoscience even outside the realm of medicine .
Acceptance of dubious science actually increases with education , until one gets to the post - graduate level of science education .
It takes a very high level of scientific knowledge ( and / or , I would argue , an understanding of the principles of scientific skepticism ) to feel confident in rejecting a claim based upon plausibility alone .
This is true even of health care professionals .
Patent Medicines Today
The classic era of patent medicines may have ended in 1939 , but it has had a resurgence in the US since 1994 , when DSHEA was passed .
DSHEA essentially removed supplements and herbs out from under the yoke of FDA regulation , partly ( at least on the right ) based upon the claim that market forces were sufficient to regulate such products .
What is amazing to me is how the supplement industry of today is so similar to ( and in some cases historically continuous with ) the patent medicine industry of the 19th century .
All of the same factors are in place – testimonials , cutting supplements with active ingredients ( caffeine is now common , and of course some Viagra replacement herbal supplements were found to be cut with actual Viagra ) , the types of claims that are made for products ( combining ancient wisdom with cutting edge science ) , and more .
I think Troesken makes a compelling argument for the inelasticity of demand for such products , which , in my opinion , undercuts some of the libertarian arguments made against regulation of supplements , and even ( by some ) pharmaceuticals .
Some may still argue that the demands of personal liberty outweigh the goal of protecting the public from worthless products , or that regulations , despite good intentions , either do not work or have negative unintended consequences .
I disagree ( even while I am sympathetic to these arguments in principle , I disagree with how they are often applied in this context ) , but these arguments are not addressed by this paper .
What this paper convincingly argues is that we cannot expect market forces to result in better and more effective health products , or even to keep entirely worthless or even harmful health products from the marketplace .
HERE is a shaming statistic : divide the US by race , sex and county of residence , and differences in average life expectancy across the various groups can exceed 30 years .
The most disadvantaged look like denizens of a poor African country : a boy born on a Native American reservation in Jackson County , South Dakota , for example , will be lucky to reach his 60th birthday .
A typical child in Senegal can expect to live longer than that .
America is not alone in this respect .
While the picture is less extreme in other rich nations , health inequalities based on race , sex and …
There is an excellent article at the Washington Monthly delving into the history of the Texas Board of Education shenanigans .
Part of its periodic review of its school textbooks , the Texas board has been revamping the curriculum in various subjects .
The ongoing process , especially regarding science and social studies , has been ugly .
As Mariah Blake explains , what plays out in Texas is significant not only to Texans , but to parents of school - aged children across the country .
Because of its steroid - enhanced textbook purchasing muscle , Texas remains the big dog in the Christian fundamentalist - led fight to sneak Jesus into public school education :
Until recently , Texas ’s influence was balanced to some degree by the more - liberal pull of California , the nation ’s largest textbook market .
But its economy is in such shambles that California has put off buying new books until at least 2014 .
This means that McLeroy and his ultraconservative crew have unparalleled power to shape the textbooks that children around the country read for years to come .
Make sure you read the article all the way to its creepy conclusion .
Sadly ,
Texas is not the only place where folks strive to foster ignorance in their students .
While it ’s been quiet there the past few months , Louisiana also continues to battle creationist attacks on the teaching of evolution .
In 2008 , state lawmakers passed the Louisiana Science Education Act , which specifically targets “ evolution , the origins of life , global warming , and human cloning ” as subjects in which educators are required to “ promote critical thinking skills . ”
It also requires “ supplemental materials ” to be used alongside textbooks in public school science class .
Of course , the state is an old hand at such tactics .
In 1987 , the U.S. Supreme Court struck down Louisiana ’s Balanced Treatment Act , which required creationism to be taught alongside evolution .
I ’m headed to Louisiana tomorrow .
While I will be primarily searching for incredible food , wonderful music and one of those ubiquitous drive - thru daiquiri stands , I ’ll also be visiting with Barbara Forrest , the woman best known for irking the heck out of intelligent design advocates .
Creationism ’s Trojan Horse , the book she co-wrote with Paul Gross , details the statements of the movement ’s leaders , providing inescapably clear evidence that the intelligent design movement is religiously motivated .
A philosophy professor at Southeastern Louisiana University , Forrest also testified at the Kitzmiller v. Dover trial , in which her testimony laid bare ID ’s creationist roots .
One of the things we will most certainly discuss is what ’s happening with Louisiana ’s new law and its adoption process .
The Louisiana Family Forum , an affiliate of James Dobson ’s Focus on the Family , was behind efforts to adopt the law .
To Forrest and other critics of the law , those supplemental materials smell like lucrative book sales for the Discovery Institute and other creationist and intelligent design organizations .
This week , Americans United for Separation of Church and State sent a letter to the state urging them to reconsider its policy .
Stay tuned .
Fernando Alonso , the favourite to win this year 's Formula
One world championship , has suggested that his difficult experience in partnering the British driver Lewis Hamilton at McLaren in 2007 helped him to " grow up " and was good preparation for joining his new team , Ferrari .
" 2007 was very difficult but I learnt a lot personally , " he says in an interview to be published by the Guardian tomorrow .
" It was good for my career to take that step of joining McLaren and growing up .
I learned how to work with a team and also to withstand the media pressure .
The difficulties I had were coming from the team and the media .
Now I am much more prepared for everything in Formula One – and in life as well . "
Bitter infighting cost McLaren the championship in 2007 , and Alonso returned to his old team , Renault , the following season .
Jenson Button , like Alonso in 2007 , arrives at McLaren this season as the reigning world champion and it is widely expected that tensions could emerge between him and Hamilton .
" Obviously I do n't know how McLaren is now but if Jenson arrived in my time then , for sure , it would be very tough for him , " Alonso told the Guardian .
" But , hopefully , it 's now better for Jenson because I learned a lot from that season and McLaren did as well . "
Alonso confronts rumours that he has a strained relationship with his new team - mate , Felipe Massa .
" People are only writing these things because they know we are very strong .
Felipe and I work for the team .
After so many years of course I have battled with Felipe .
It 's the way it is – and we 'll keep having these fights .
But Michael Schumacher and [ Nico ] Rosberg will have fights at Mercedes .
I am sure Lewis and Jenson Button will have fights at McLaren .
Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel will have fights at Red Bull – in fact they were fighting last year already .
But no one talks about this .
They talk about it with Ferrari because we are in a good position . "
In tomorrow 's interview , Alonso reflects on the inadvertent role he played at the centre of the Spygate and Crashgate controversies that so blighted the reputation of Formula One .
He also reveals his hope to form a new Tour de France team with his friend Alberto Contador – who won the race last year .
" It 's a project for me – a kind of dream I have because I love cycling .
I know it is not easy to create a top cycling team from zero .
You need good riders , good staff , a lot of preparation and , most important , a lot of sponsors .
It is something Alberto and I can work on .
I know this year he is with Astana but from next year onwards , for sure , if there is an opportunity I will be very interested .
I think he will be interested as well . "
The new Formula One season begins in Bahrain two weeks on Sunday .
Read the full interview online and in the paper tomorrow
Compassionate and Aggressive Legal Representation in Spokane , Washington
Legal issues affecting the well - being of your family or small business can quickly become emotionally and financially challenging matters to deal with .
When the well - being of your loved ones , or your investments are on the line , turning to a knowledgeable lawyer for support can be an invaluable step in finding the efficient and effective resolutions you need .
At Larrick Law Office , we leverage a wide breadth of legal knowledge and offer comprehensive assistance to clients in a number of practice areas .
Our staff works diligently to understand your specific legal needs before offering the insightful and informative advice you need to make educated decisions regarding your future or the future of your family or business .
To discuss your specific needs with our lawyer , contact our office online or call us at 509- 590- 0407 or toll free at 888-343-1051 today .
Flexible And Dedicated Attention to Your Unique Needs
Whether you are going through a divorce or child custody dispute or need assistance with another family law issue , our staff has the personal and compassionate approach you need to find efficient and favorable resolutions .
We understand your need for closure , and work diligently to guide your family to the next chapter of your lives as quickly and painlessly as possible .
Our staff also utilizes extensive knowledge of the business world , the legal profession and the insurance realm , to offer a unique insight into a number of legal matters .
From our estate planning and probate services to our personal injury and business law representation , our staff offers the advanced representation you need to protect your family or your business .
Please see our Intake and Important Forms page and fill out the form applicable to your particular legal need .
Have these documents ready for our first meeting .
Contact our office online or call us at 509- 590- 0407 or toll free at 888-343-1051 to discuss your specific legal needs with an experienced attorney today .
Ford in the News
2010
Ford in the News was the leading resource for Ford news , dealer trends , and news and reviews concerning the latest Ford vehicles .
Content from the site 's 2010 archived pages and other outside sources .
Enjoy a look back to 2010 .
About Ford in the News
While the automotive market continues to face general declines in sales and rapidly changing buying habits from consumers , Ford has continued to address these changes gracefully .
While other seems to become worse and worse , Ford is taking great strides to introduce exciting new models and alter perceptions about Ford specializing only in big trucks and costly SUVs .
As Ford continues to make dramatic changes , Ford in the News will deliver all the latest corporate Ford news , Ford dealer news , and information on the latest Ford vehicles .
We encourage Ford enthusiasts to keep checking back for the latest info .
Ford Announces Initial Markets For Focus EV by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 16 , 2010 The 2012 Ford Focus has n’t even been launched yet , but already the Blue Oval is preparing an all - electric variant of the popular compact .
When it finally arrives , the 2012 Ford Focus EV will first be available in select markets , including 14 states and Washington , D.C. Ford is currently working with local government agencies and utilities to ensure the Focus EV ’s launch will be a success .
These efforts include developing consumer outreach initiatives , education programs , and providing information on charging needs .
Ford is also researching methods to limit the strain on the local power grid as EVs become adopted .
The first markets selected for Ford Focus Electric : Atlanta , Austin and Houston , Texas ; Boston , Chicago , Denver , Detroit , Los Angeles , San Francisco , San Diego , New York , Orlando , Fla. , Phoenix and Tucson , Ariz . ; Portland , Ore. ; Raleigh Durham , N.C. ; Richmond , Va. , Seattle , and Washington , D.C. “ There is a great deal of excitement for the Focus Electric across America and Ford wants to build on this enthusiasm by making our first all electric passenger vehicle available in as many pilot markets as possible , ” said Mark Fields , President of the Americas , Ford Motor Company .
“ This is the first step in rolling out the Focus Electric .
As the country continues to build up its electric vehicle infrastructure and demand for the Focus Electric grows , Ford will continue to evaluate additional markets and consider making this vehicle available in more cities across the country . ”
Look for more details regarding the 2012 Ford Focus EV closer its launch in late 2011 .
2012 FORD FOCUS MODEL OVERVIEW Review : www.motortrend.com/
The Ford Focus is all - new for 2012 , replacing the dated last - generation model .
The new 2012 Focus touts improvements in performance , fuel economy , amenities , and styling over the old model .
The 2012 Ford Focus has plenty of new features aside from the return of the hatchback body style .
For starters , the Focus has an all - new 160 - hp 2.0 - liter I - 4 , which when attached to Ford ’s six - speed dual - clutch automatic , can get the Focus to 60 mph in 8.3 seconds .
That same engine and transmission combination can also return fuel economy ratings of 28/40 mpg city / highway on Focus SE sedans equipped with the $ 495 Super Fuel Economy ( SFE ) package that includes aerodynamic tidbits like unique wheels , and active grille shutters .
The new Focus also ups the game inside .
The new Focus sports a luxurious for - the - class interior , and offers tech goodies like MyFord Touch , Bluetooth , navigation , Sync , and even Active Park Assist that scans an open parking spot and automatically parallel parks the car with no input necessary from the driver other than shifting from drive to reverse .
The Focus is all - new for 2012 .
Among the most notable new features on the new model are its SE Sport Package , Super Fuel Economy Package , and Titanium trim level , which was previously only available on the Flex crossover .
Only available on the Focus SE sedan and hatch , the SE Sport Package adds sport seats , blacked out trim , 16 - inch alloy wheels and ( most importantly to enthusiasts ) rear - disc brakes to the vehicle .
The Super Fuel Economy Package is only available on the Focus SE sedan , and includes aerodynamic tidbits to allow the Focus to crack 40 mpg highway .
The Titanium trim level is available in hatchback and sedan body styles , and includes luxury add - ons like unique 17 - inch wheels , disc brakes , a sport - tuned suspension , as well as HD Radio and Sync .
The 2012 Focus features European - inspired influences from Ford ’s Kinetic design language .
The 2012 Focus is available as a five - door hatchback , and a four - door sedan ; the coupe did n’t survive the update .
SE Sport models have unique wheels and piano - black trim pieces .
SE SFE models feature unique aerodynamic wheels , and a rear spoiler .
Titanium models come standard with 17 - inch wheels in either hatch or sedan form .
By all accounts the interior of the 2012 Focus is worlds better than its predecessor .
In our First Drive of the Focus lineup , we found the Focus ’ interior comfortable all around , especially the front seats , “ which are easily the best seats in the segment , ” we wrote .
“ They ’re simultaneously soft and comfortable for everyday driving , and supporting and well - bolstered for weekend shenanigans , though the seat bottoms are a bit narrow for the average American . ”
We found the rear comfortable as well : “ Even the rears are a nice place to spend time , though a bit cramped because of the car ’s small footprint .
The quality of materials all around is impressive for the class and the Focus is surprisingly quiet inside , even on rough pavement . ”
The 2012 Focus outperforms its predecessor in just about every way .
While 160 hp and 146 lb- ft of torque out of a 2.0 - liter I - 4 might not sound like much to the enthusiast , the reality is that the new four - banger provides plenty of get - up - and - go , allowing a 2012 Focus Titanium sedan we tested to take 8.3 seconds for the 0 - 60 mph run .
The Focus is an adept handler too , especially when the sport suspension is selected on the options list .
Braking is above - average for the segment , slowing the Focus to a stop from 60 mph in just 110 feet .
Like many Fords , the Focus is loaded with safety equipment .
All 2012 Focus sedans and hatchbacks come standard with traction and stability control ( AdvanceTrac with ESC ) , ABS ( anti- lock braking system ) , TPMS ( Tire Pressure Monitoring System ) , and LATCH systems .
The Focus also comes with dual - stage first - row airbags , side - impact airbags , and side - curtain airbags .
Ford also points out that 55 percent of the Focus ’ body shell is built from high - strength steels , including boron steel , which Ford says makes the car safer and lighter .
An aside : I remember when we bought a Ford Focus .
We were just married and were moving to NYC on the Upper West Side .
Friends asked us why we would want a car if we were living directly in the city , but we figured in the long run it would give us more flexibility having our own car rather than rent a car whenever we needed it .
I have to say it has been a great car .
We have used it for our weekly ski trips to New England , zipping out to the Hamptons in the summer , driving cross country and back one spring , visiting family on the holidays .
When the car was new we parked it in a garage , but this past year we have parked on the street , sitting in the car until the street cleaner has passed and we are allowed to move to the other side of the street .
But after seven years we are thinking it 's time for a new car .
Last night we had friends over for dinner and were discussing whether we should try to sell the car ourselves or trade it in .
No decision was made , since our two cats got into some sort of wrestling match and knocked over the bottle of red wine I had put on a side table .
What a mess .
Unfortunately the rug under the side rable was a family treasure , an antique rug that my partner 's great , great grandparents had bought in Iran when he was posted there in some sort of diplomatic positon umpteen years ago .
I think he might have worked for the CIA since no one knows exactly what he did .
Anyway , it was a lovely rug which now had a nice large wine stain soaking into it .
All conversation about cars ceased as we ran to get rags to soak up the spill .
and shoo the cats out of the way .
We did n't have local NYC rug cleaning experts at our finger tips , so we ended up doing a google search and lucked out finding the Agara rug cleaning company .
First thing in the morning I called and a rep was there that afternoon giving me a quote and taking the rug away to be cleaned .
I felt confident that they could handle such a rug since they specialize in repairing and cleaning antique rugs .
They also use organic solutions on the rugs which I appreciated because of our cats and us .
Two weeks later the rug was returned looking great .
And now I have a local rug cleaning company I can depend on .
I wish getting rid of our Ford Focus would be so easy .
We still have n’t decided about what to do with our aging car .
2011 Shelby GT350 : More Horsepower For One Wild Mustang by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 12 , 2010
The goal for the 2011 Shelby GT350 was a simple one according to John Luft , president of Shelby American , the wholly owned subsidiary of Carroll Shelby International that was responsible for putting this road rocket together : “ Build the ultimate small - block muscle car . ”
And with final performance specs now available on the new GT350 , it looks like “ mission : accomplished ” for Luft & Co .
The limited - edition coupe is offered in two separate flavors for enthusiasts , with the key difference being enhancements to Ford ’s powerful yet efficient 5.0 - liter V8 — the same mill that motivates the 2011 Mustang GT .
In standard Shelby GT350 trim , the engine is good for 430 hp , but that can be upped to 525 horses in the supercharged model and an insane 624 hp with the optional “ R ” tune .
The bottom line ?
“ Results show that the Shelby GT350 takes American performance to an entirely new level , ” said Luft .
“ In recent tests , the standard supercharged car hit 60 miles per hour in just 3.7 seconds and ran the quarter in 12 seconds flat at 121.4 mph , all while generating 1.05g of lateral acceleration and stopping from 60 mph in only 107 feet .
We believe the ‘ R ’ tuned GT350 will be even faster . ”
Other standard goodies helping drivers get the most out of their Shelby GT350 include its : Race - tuned suspension
Six - piston front brake kit with exclusive nickel - anodized finish
Shelby / Baer ERADISPEED rear rotor and brake pad upgrade
Front and rear brake - duct and cooling kits
Shelby / Borla unique center exit exhaust
Shelby / Cragar 19 ″ alloy wheels wrapped in Goodyear performance rubber
Revised front fascia , featuring the traditional “ running pony ” badge
A new rear fascia boasting an exclusive GT350 45th anniversary badge
Side Rockers with functional integrated brake cooling ducts
Exclusive GT350 Guardsman
Blue vinyl over - the - top and side stripes
“ Powered by Ford ” fender - mounted badges
Serialized engine plate
Serialized dash plate with a Shelby GT350 sequential serial number
A - Pillar mounted gauge package
Exclusive GT350 45th anniversary embroidered front floor mats
Shelby GT350 45th Anniversary windbreaker jacket
Carroll Shelby signed passenger airbag cover ( subject to availability )
The MSRP for the base Shelby GT350 conversion starts at $ 26,995 , and that for the supercharged version opens at $ 33,995 — A relatively small price to pay for this kind of big - time performance .
2012 Mustang Boss 302 Begs For Track Time by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 11 , 2010 The 2012 Ford Mustang Boss 302 boasts a 440 horsepower and other performance mods to excite driving enthusiasts .
But to satisfy customers even more , Ford has announced two unique features that come with this high - perfoamnce Mustang .
The first is TracKey , which is a specially programmed vehicle key that alters more than 200 engine management parameters , increasing low - end torque , and turns the potent but well - mannered stock Boss into a competition - ready track car .
When using the standard key , the factory engine settings will be restored .
“ From an engine management standpoint , we ’ve done just about everything possible to give TracKey users a full race car experience , ” explains Jeff Seaman , Mustang powertrain engineer .
“ It ’s not for use on the street – for example , the deceleration is set up to preserve the brakes , and the throttle response is very aggressive .
A skilled driver on a closed course will really appreciate the benefits . ”
In addition to offering race - ready engine calibration , Ford will also provide customers a complimentary track day to test out their new ride .
Owners will need to book their own travel arrangements to Miller Motorsports Park in Tooele , UT , but once there , Boss 302 owners will be treated to professional driving instruction and track time free of charge .
“ The Mustang Boss 302 is a very special vehicle , tuned to perform on a racetrack , ” said Mickey Matus , marketing manager , Ford Racing .
“ It ’s an absolute blast to drive on the street but we want owners to be able to experience all the incredible balance , power and performance engineered into this machine , and the only safe way to do that is to push the car to the limit on a closed course .
This is only natural , since the Boss grew up on the racetrack . ”
TracKey powertrain software installation and key programming will be available to 2012 Mustang Boss 302 owners through Ford Racing authorized dealers .
Pricing information has yet to be announced .
Alan Mulally Named Businessperson
Of The Year by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 10 , 2010 After a month of voting , readers of Fortune magazine have chosen Ford CEO Alan Mulally the Businessperson of the Year .
Mulally was able to edge past tech chiefs like Jeff Bezos of Amazon , Ev Williams of Twitter , and even Facebook ’s Mark Zuckerberg .
He was even chosen over other notable businessmen like Wal Mart CEO Mike Duke and Berkshire ’s Warren Buffet .
Since leaving Boeing and coming to Ford in 2006 , Mulally ’s governance of the company has certainly been impressive .
In 2008 , the struggling automaker lost $ 14.6 billion and the stock price fell to just $ 1.80 .
In the wake of dramatic restructuring , extensive cost cutting , and after introducing a slew of exciting all - new products , Ford is now much stronger , and today the stock price is up to around $ 16 .
As the only Big Three automaker to avoid a government bailout , it ’s also no surprise that Ad Age named Ford “ Marketer of the Year ” for its risky but ultimately wise maneuvering during desperate times .
Ford ’s dramatic turnaround played a big role in Mulally ’s victory .
However , Ford ’s ability to drive voters to the Fortune contest also played a role .
More than half the votes came from users that were referred from Ford.com .
Weighing in on his victory , Mulally stated that , “ everybody is so excited — our suppliers , storeowners , our employees and investors — because we ’ve created a profitable , growing , exciting automobile company for Americans . ”
Ford Focus ST Trounces Porsche 911 Speedster
In Paris by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 9 , 2010 The 2010 Paris Motor Show was home to some noteworthy vehicle premieres recently , including an eye - opening mix of concepts and production models from the likes of Porsche , Ferrari , Audi and Lotus .
But the “ Most Fun ” vehicle on exhibit was n’t any of these high - priced machines , it was none other than the Ford FocusST :
The new small car with the big - time performance .
“ The choice for ‘ Most Fun ’ in Paris is based on the notion that you do n’t need 500 horsepower or even rear - wheel drive to build a boatload of grins into a practical , reasonably economical automobile , ” said Wes Raynal , editor of AutoWeek , the publication behind the award .
“ This car will be the ultimate enthusiast expression of the new - generation Focus , centered on a 2.0 - liter aluminum four with high - pressure direct injection , low - inertia turbocharging and twin independent variable camshaft timing . ”
With that I4 leveraging Ford ’s innovative EcoBoost powertrain technology , the bottom line here is approximately 247 hp and 266 lb. - ft. of torque .
That ’s some 10 percent more oomph than in the current , European - only Focus ST , yet the car also will deliver more than 20 percent better fuel economy and emit more than 20 percent less CO2 than that vehicle .
A standard six - speed transmission will make sure that power gets where it belongs , with an assist from Ford ’s breakthrough torque - vectoring system .
And speaking of “ making sure that power gets where it belongs , ” the really big news is that “ where it belongs ” will now include the U.S.
“ The new Focus ST will be our first true global performance vehicle and we are excited about the chance to give many customers worldwide their first taste of Ford ’s acclaimed ST heritage , ” said Jost Capito , director of Global Performance Vehicles for Ford .
“ Like the ST and RS models before it , the Focus ST will be the result of painstaking tuning around the curves of the Nürburgring , along high - speed German autobahns , and down classic British B-roads .
“ For European drivers , the Focus ST will bring the same distinctive qualities of pure dynamics and performance that have created the unique appeal of our ST heritage .
For enthusiasts in North America who have asked why our compact performance models were not available to them — the wait is almost over !
The new Focus ST will offer exactly the same exciting driving experience wherever it ’s on sale . ”
Which , for American buyers , will be sometime in early 2012 .
Video : Ford Launches Campaign Touting 2011 F - 150 Engines by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 8 , 2010 The Ford F - 150 continues to be an incredibly popular model in the U.S.
Not only has the F - Series been the best - selling truck for 33 years running , but it has also been the best - selling vehicle for 28 of those years .
For the 2011 model year , Ford is adding four new engines to the F - 150 that promise class - leading power , performance , and fuel economy .
According to Ford , truck buyers will have no need to compromise thanks to these new engines .
Promoting the new 2011 F - 150 and its available engines will be a marketing campaign that aims to resonate with truck buyers and separate Ford from the competition .
All ads will focus on the “ no compromise ” theme .
An excerpt from one of the ads follows :
Hey , here ’s a little good news .
If you want decent mileage in a pick - up , you do n’t have to order your engine off the kiddie menu anymore .
Say hello to variable cam timing , direct injection and piston cooling jets .
Yeah .
The engineers at Ford have been busy .
They ’ve got four – count ‘em four – all new truck engines for the 2011 F - 150 to give you the most power , the most towing AND the best fuel economy .
Now that ’s tasty .
This is the future .
This is the new F - 150 .
Ford Shows Its Fresh Focus
In Paris by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 5 , 2010 Three of the auto industry ’s hottest up - and - coming stars appeared together on one stage for the first time ever recently , as Ford introduced the all - new Ford Focus sedan , five - door hatchback and wagon at the 2010 Paris Motor Show .
“ The new Focus truly represents the best of Ford Motor Company , and we are excited that the first vehicles will be in customers ’ hands very soon , ” said Derrick Kuzak , Ford ’s group vice president of Product Development .
“ The investment in our new C - car platform has enabled us to provide global consumers with an affordable product which offers quality , fuel efficiency , safety and technology beyond their expectations . ”
The Focus was designed to follow in the footsteps of the popular new Ford Fiesta by offering U.S. drivers a premium driving experience in a segment of the industry usually better known for entry - level transportation .
As a result , Focus customers can expect world - class fit and finish , bold styling , a wide range of standard and available technologies , and segment - leading fuel efficiency .
In fact , the Focus is on track to deliver 40 mpg highway in its most fuel - efficient configuration , a mark that tops the EPA ratings of many hybrids .
The exciting 2012 Focus will also showcase the first use of exclusive new Ford airbag technology that enhances occupant protection in some of the most common types of vehicle crashes .
These innovative airbags are part of a system that can sense the weight of the driver and front - seat passenger and then use carefully calibrated venting functionality to help better match airbag deployment force with occupant size .
This technology is only available from Ford and will roll out to other Blue Oval products after the debut of the Focus .
The Paris Motor Show also was the launching pad for the Focus Global Test Drive , an online marketing effort that will give 100 potential Focus owners from around the world the chance to travel to Europe to drive the new Ford before it goes on sale , while earning money for local charities at the same time .
All you have to do is visit the Ford Focus Facebook page and submit a short video explaining why you should be chosen to participate and how you would use your charitable donation to “ Start Something More ” in your local community .
But even if you do n’t win , you can rest easy knowing the completely redesigned 2012 Ford Focus will be in U.S. dealership early next year .
Ford Shows The Many Different Faces Of The 2011 Explorer by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 4 , 2010 Recently , Ford took the covers off of the all - new 2011 Explorer , and already the Blue Oval is eager to show of this model ’s versatility .
At this year ’s SEMA showin Las Vegas , Ford showed several tuned examples of the new Explorer that show what ’s possible with his new crossover .
“ It ’s so new and reinvented , and the styling is standout from the inside out , ” said Craig Patterson , Ford Explorer marketing manager .
“ Explorer is the perfect choice for people to accessorize .
Those who want to customize it are starting from a great base that is extremely well received , and that ’s where the attraction lies . ”
One Explored was tuned by Funkmaster Flex and his Team Baurtwell crew .
Their goal was to outfit the Explorer for for urban terrain , and it includes three - piece forged billet wheels complete with 24 - inch Cooper tires , and Baer brakes .
The design also includes a powerful Sony Xplod audio system inside .
Galpin Auto Sports wanted to create an ultra-luxurious ride ; a vehicle that even James Bond would enjoy .
That ’s why the Galpin team added 24 - inch wheels , custom silver paint on the exterior and modified exterior light treatments to convey the posh image .
Inside , there ’s an abundance of leather and suede , and there ’s even an iPad pops up from the second - row console .
Last but not least , CGS Performance Products wanted to create a luxurious vehicle that ’s suited to customers with active lifestyles .
Their take on the Explorer included monochromatic silver paint , 22 - inch silver wheels , a CGS cat - back exhaust system , and is equipped with two carbon fiber mountain bikes on the roof rack .
The interior is outfitted with built - in video screens in the headrests and custom leather .
All of these projects are intended to show that the 2011 Explorer ’s style and technology makes it the ideal vehicle for a wide range of consumers .
“ We designed three different images for the Explorers at SEMA , ” said Melvin Betancourt , Ford specialty design manager .
“ The new Explorer resonates as a modern SUV , so the modifications play off all the great technology and features that the vehicle is equipped with . ”
Ford Fiesta Hatches A Sales Surprise by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 3 , 2010
It ’s no surprise that demand for the all - new Ford Fiesta is running high , but what may surprise some folks is just which Fiesta model people are demanding .
Although the automotive website Wardsauto.com says the “ take rate ” for 2009 hatchbacks was only 8.3 percent , the noted industry resource also reports more than 60 percent of early Fiesta sales have been of the five - door hatchback .
That important news is proof positive that Ford got it right when the company decided to offer both sedan and hatch bodystyles of its fresh new Fiesta in the U.S. , and it ’s a strong indicator of future success for the completely redesigned 2012 Ford Focus , which will follow the same strategy when it goes on sale in this country early next year .
Significantly , Ford will then become the only full - line automaker in America to offer its B - and C - segment small cars in sedan and hatchback configurations .
“ American car buyers have grown accustomed to the convenience of hatch bodystyles after years of owning SUVs and crossovers , ” said George Pipas , Ford sales analyst .
“ Combined with a generation of younger drivers who have been exposed via the Internet to popular high - performance hatchback offerings in Europe and Asia , we may be seeing the beginning of a shift in buyer acceptance of hatchbacks . ”
One thing ’s for sure , Ford is definitely seeing a shift in buyers ’ perception of small cars thanks to the Fiesta .
Instead of the old - school belief that small cars had to be small on amenities , too , today ’s Fiesta buyers view their rides as extensions of themselves — and well worth pampering .
Just consider the following fast Fiesta facts , based on early sales results :
Of those who buy Fiesta models offering leather seating surfaces , more than 50 percent opt for the upgrade , and nearly half of all Fiestas are purchased with heated seats .
Some 80 percent of all Fiestas are bought with the innovative Ford SYNC in - car connectivity system .
Over 50 percent of Fiesta customers order models with SIRIUS Satellite Radio and almost 80 percent of Fiestas are sold with up - level six - speaker audio systems .
Keyless entry with push - button start is part of the equipment package on 80 percent of the Fiestas that offer this functionality .
Finally , Ford reports that customers ’ favorite Fiesta colors are , in order , Lime Squeeze , Blue Flame Metallic , Monterey Gray , Red Candy and Black .
The Fiesta ’s competition ?
You can color them green with envy .
Ford Offers A Complete Rally Kit For The Fiesta by FORD IN THE NEWS on NOVEMBER 2 , 2010 After watching the X Games , it ’s obvious that the new Ford Fiesta can easily be transformed into a rally - ready beast .
That ’s why Ford is giving enthusiasts the chance to create their own weekend rally racer .
Ford Racing has just announced the availability of the R2 rally tuning kit , which brings rally - spec mods to the Fiesta .
The kit adds Reiger adjustable dampers , Eibach springs , ventilated disc brakes with four - piston calipers , and a steel roll cage .
The kit also helps the Fiesta squeeze out a little more horsepower thanks to a bevy of new parts including pistons , camshafts , injectors , air filter , and more .
Overall , the Fiesta R2 produces 168 horsepower and 134 pound - feet of torque .
“ The spirit of One Ford is making it possible for us to bring the best of European rally racing to competitors in the U.S. , ” said Jamie Allison , director , Ford North America Motorsport .
“ The Fiesta R2 has already proven itself in Europe as a great platform for aspiring rally drivers . ”
The kit was developed by M - Sport , which has been Ford ’s WRC partner since 1997 .
Ford Racing will also offer a Stage 1 kit that includes performance upgrades , dampers , a limited - slip differential , and a roll cage for those who do n’t want the full hardcore experience .
With these rally - spec mods , Fiesta owners will be eligible to compete in the new new Fiesta Sport Trophy Championship division of RallyCar ’s Rally America National Championship 2WD class .
FordInTheNews.com
How Long to Keep Records - A Quick Guide
Keeping your finances properly organized requires a lot of paperwork .
At tax time , you probably pay even more attention to what you should keep , and what you can toss .
You can significantly reduce your paper clutter — and save your sanity — when you understand which papers to preserve , and which you can toss .
Use this handy guide to determine how long to keep records .
Papers you can throw after a year or less
Some documents can be discarded rather quickly .
Surprisingly quickly in some cases .
Credit card bills :
After you have checked your credit card statements , and paid what you owe , you can shred your credit card bills .
One exception is if you need the statement showing a charge that is under warranty ( staple the bill to the warranty and keep in a separate warranty file ) .
The second exception is if you are taking a deduction related to something you charged .
Consult your tax checklist , and keep the bill as a way to prove that you can use the deduction .
Keep the bill with your copy of your current year tax return .
: After you have checked your credit card statements , and paid what you owe , you can shred your credit card bills .
One exception is if you need the statement showing a charge that is under warranty ( staple the bill to the warranty and keep in a separate warranty file ) .
The second exception is if you are taking a deduction related to something you charged .
Consult your tax checklist , and keep the bill as a way to prove that you can use the deduction .
Keep the bill with your copy of your current year tax return .
Bank account statements :
Once you reconcile your statements , they can be shredded .
However , as with the credit card bills , you need to keep them with tax documents if you are taking a deduction .
: Once you reconcile your statements , they can be shredded .
However , as with the credit card bills , you need to keep them with tax documents if you are taking a deduction .
Investment statements :
Monthly and quarterly statements can be shredded when you get new statements in .
Annual investment statements , though , should be kept until you sell the investments .
You should also keep annual statements for tax purposes ( such as retirement accounts ) on hand , and in folders separated by deductible and non-deductible accounts .
: Monthly and quarterly statements can be shredded when you get new statements in .
Annual investment statements , though , should be kept until you sell the investments .
You should also keep annual statements for tax purposes ( such as retirement accounts ) on hand , and in folders separated by deductible and non-deductible accounts .
Pay stubs :
Keep your pay stubs for each year .
Once you have reconciled them with your W - 2 , then you can shred them .
: Keep your pay stubs for each year .
Once you have reconciled them with your W - 2 , then you can shred them .
Receipts :
Unless you ’re using them for back - up information for taxes and warranties , most receipts can be instantly shredded .
Enter them into a personal finance program to help you track your spending , and then get rid of the paper .
: Unless you ’re using them for back - up information for taxes and warranties , most receipts can be instantly shredded .
Enter them into a personal finance program to help you track your spending , and then get rid of the paper .
Insurance policies :
As soon as you get your insurance policy renewal , you can shred your old insurance policy documents .
Documents you can get rid of after a limited time
Some documents are only needed until they have served their purposes .
Loan documents :
Keep these documents someplace secure ( fire safe , safe - deposit box ) until the loan is paid off .
When the loan is paid off , and you have the title or the deed , you can shred the loan documents .
: Keep these documents someplace secure ( fire safe , safe - deposit box ) until the loan is paid off .
When the loan is paid off , and you have the title or the deed , you can shred the loan documents .
Vehicle records :
Store maintenance and repair records for as long as you have the vehicle .
They may be needed for warranty information , or the next owner may want them .
You should keep titles , purchase receipts and registration information in a secure place for as long as you own the boat , car , motorcycle , truck in question .
After ownership is transferred , you can get rid of these documents .
: Store maintenance and repair records for as long as you have the vehicle .
They may be needed for warranty information , or the next owner may want them .
You should keep titles , purchase receipts and registration information in a secure place for as long as you own the boat , car , motorcycle , truck in question .
After ownership is transferred , you can get rid of these documents .
Investment purchases :
When you purchase an investment , you are sent a confirmation .
This can help you establish a cost basis .
If you get this information in an annual statement , discard the confirmation after you get the statement .
Otherwise , keep the document until you sell the investment .
But , then , you will need to move the document into your current year tax file as part of your records .
: When you purchase an investment , you are sent a confirmation .
This can help you establish a cost basis .
If you get this information in an annual statement , discard the confirmation after you get the statement .
Otherwise , keep the document until you sell the investment .
But , then , you will need to move the document into your current year tax file as part of your records .
Savings bonds :
Keep these secure until you cash them in .
Treasury Direct has a handy program that will let you exchange paper bonds for electronic bonds .
Records you should keep for seven years
For the most part , only tax records need to be kept for seven years .
You should keep copies of your tax returns with their supporting documents ( statements , receipts , etc. ) .
I like to put all of my tax documents and supporting papers in a manila envelope labeled with the tax year , and then safely stored .
If you are suspected of fraud , you can be audited any time , and the government has six years to collect taxes or start legal proceedings if you do not report more than 25 % of your gross income .
And , of course , any of your tax returns in the last three years are subject to random audit .
Never get rid of these papers
There are a few papers that you should never get rid of .
Obviously , you need to keep birth , marriage , divorce , military discharge , Social Security and death documents in a safe place , and keep them forever .
But there are other items that you should hold on to .
Life insurance policies :
Life insurance policy documents related to permanent coverage should be kept until the covered person dies and you get your payout , or until you cash in the policy .
Term life policies , of course , need only be kept until the term expires , or the covered person dies .
: Life insurance policy documents related to permanent coverage should be kept until the covered person dies and you get your payout , or until you cash in the policy .
Term life policies , of course , need only be kept until the term expires , or the covered person dies .
Defined benefit plan papers :
If you have a defined benefit retirement plan , keep this information safe , and keep it forever .
This goes for documents from current and past employers .
: If you have a defined benefit retirement plan , keep this information safe , and keep it forever .
This goes for documents from current and past employers .
Estate planning : Documents related to estate planning — wills , trusts , powers of attorney , health care proxy , etc. — for as long as they are in effect .
Not only should these be kept someplace secure , but you should also have copies for your attorney and for your executor .
Physicians should have copies of health care proxy documents .
If you are conscientious about organizing your papers , and if you know when you can get rid of certain documents , you will find your entire financial life much better organized .
Creating a system , reducing paper clutter and regularly having secure document shredding done for the records that you do not need also dramatically reduces your chances of identity theft .
They live in your community .
They attend your children 's schools .
They could be your co-worker , your friend , or even – yes – your spouse .
To the casual observer they seem assimilated , quietly going about their business just like you or I .
But ask yourself this question : how much do you really know about them ?
How much do you really know about the gingers in your midst ?
I ask the question today as a concerned citizen .
There are many positive things gingers contribute to British society ; I am sure .
Without them we would have no one to compare our tans against .
But after this week 's events , in which more than 100 complaints were made to the BBC over an off - the - cuff remark made in the Christmas Doctor Who special , it is clear that gingerism is on the verge of running out of control .
The remark , uttered by actor Matt Smith at the moment of his transmogrification into a Gallifrean Timelord ran as follows : " I 'm still not ginger " .
It is expressed in a tone of frustrated regret , in the manner of someone who all their life has dreamt of being a ballet dancer and still finds themselves doing PAs at Po Na Na.
Somehow , the ginger fringe has interpreted this as a slur .
We may well come to look back on this moment as a turning point .
The moment when ginger stopped being just a ridiculous hair colour and became an ideology .
When the gingers ' thin skin ( both to criticism and ultraviolet radiation ) changed from an unfortunate quirk into a badge of identity .
Soon they will start calling for the withdrawal of ginger nuts from supermarket shelves or forming mobs and extracting violent revenge for being called a copperknob .
Within 10 years they could have a bloody army .
The instinctive response to the growing ginger threat will be to try and block it out .
To pretend it is n't there .
To think " flipping heck , people get prickly about such trivial points of difference nowadays – what next the Baldie Liberation Front ? "
But that response would be to ignore a very real threat .
I propose today that we counter this ginger fringe before it has a chance to wrap its pallid fingers around our throat .
I suggest stop and search for all suspicious carrot tops ( including inspections both above and below ) .
A compulsory strand of hair to be submitted to the national DNA database ( and kept very separate from normal hair , in case of contamination ) .
I had also thought about making gingers wear identifying markings when in public , but instead simply propose confiscating all their hats .
Each and every one of these measures would help to bolster stability in our nation and allow normal citizens to go about their business without worrying what a ginger might do to them .
I appeal to fellow right - minded Britons to support these measures , perhaps by starting a petition on the Downing St website or something .
[ Disclaimer : the author would like to rebut recent internet allegations that he is himself a ginger .
He insists that any red tinge to his hair is merely a trick of the light and his short temper the result of being a bit tired .
His actual hair colour is auburn . ]
I do n't think there are any words I could add to make this more delicious .
But the Freepers give it a go anyway :
To : scottteng The Mexican alternative is here :
http://medsmex.com/... 4 posted on Wednesday , February 17 , 2010 1:37:06 PM by scottteng ( IMPEACH OBAMA and elect Snitker as Florida Senator )
Doubled .... over .... laughing ....
To : fatnotlazy I can only help by telling you that my mother had nothing but good experiences with the Canadian pharmacies she used .
Honest , accurate and helpful .
10 posted on Wednesday , February 17 , 2010 1:45:43 PM by Oldpuppymax
Universe .... folding over .... on itself ....
To : fatnotlazy
Do what you want , but in my view going the Canadian route amounts to becoming an accessory to extortion .
I think our government needs to put an end to their thuggery by any means necessary .
13 posted on Wednesday , February 17 , 2010 1:51:03 PM by xjcsa ( Ridiculing the ridiculous since the day I was born . )
So , the Canadians are practicing extortion by offering Americans cheaper , more available drugs .
Got it .
To : SWAMPSNIPER
That big red warning from the FDA might be related to Obamacare .
In addition to the Louisiana Purchase and the Cornhusker Kickback , one of the earlier acts of banditry on the part of Zero and his minions was a deal with BigPharma to stop allowing importation of cheap Canadian drugs if they refrained from opposing the ‘ rats health care takeover .
22 posted on Wednesday , February 17 , 2010 2:24:35 PM by Spartan79
Because it 's simply un-American to deny Americans access to socialized Canadian health care !
To : fatnotlazy I ’ve ordered from several different Canadian on - line pharmacies .
Two advantages : the Canadian price is often better , brand vs. brand and generic vs. generic .
Also , drugs seem to go generic sooner outside of the US .
I was able to order simvastatin ( Zocor ) from Canada for several years before it went generic here , for about 1 / 4 the US price for brand Zocor .
The same is now true for Ranexa , available brand - only in the US but already available as generic " ranolazine " in Canada for about 1 / 4 the price of the US brand product .
Try www.canadapharmacy.com; I ’ve used them and several others .
Plan on about four to five weeks for delivery , however .
20 posted on Wednesday , February 17 , 2010 2:17:33 PM by Spartan79
Holy shit .
These Freepers are addlepated humps bona fide fucking experts when it comes to circumventing our galactically fucked perfectly functioning health care system to smuggle in prescription drugs illegally tend resourcefully to their own health care needs .
UPDATE : Gee thanks and all that for the rec list .
I have been neglecting my poor wife all week long and I have a book to dig into , so I 'm gonna say goodnight but I will check in tomorrow morning to dish out some mojo .
Be well ...eh !
What can we say about you , DOS ?
You 've rocked the personal computer world and changed the way we all feel about white on black console screens .
Your retirement is a well deserved one and ... wait , you 're getting a patch ?
Amazingly , Microsoft is fixing a bug that has existed in the Windows Virtual DOS Machine ( VDM ) subsystem since it was added to Windows NT way back in the simple days of 1993 , when flannels were everywhere and 32 bits were more than we knew what to do with .
Google engineer Tavis Ormandy found the exploit a few weeks ago , which grants an attacker the ability to run code in kernel mode , and a critical update has been issued to fix this most aged of vulnerabilities .
Perhaps now , DOS , your work is finally done .
Anne Barker reported this story on Monday , February 8 , 2010 12:38:00
ELEANOR HALL :
The lawyer for an Australian woman who was arrested in the West Bank says her detention is part of a campaign by the Israeli Government to silence pro-Palestinian foreigners .
Israeli soldiers arrested 22 - year - old Bridgette Chappell in a pre-dawn raid and she is now being held in an immigration jail in Israel .
The Government says she overstayed her visa .
Middle East correspondent Anne Barker reports .
ANNE BARKER : Bridgette Chappell was apparently in the West Bank studying Arabic and politics at Birzeit University .
But she was also active in the International Solidarity Movement - or ISM - a pro-Palestinian organisation committed to resisting Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .
She was sharing an ISM apartment with two other activists - a Spanish woman and an American man , Ryan Olander .
He says about 12 soldiers broke down the door in the dead of night and burst in with M16 rifles .
RYAN OLANDER : At about three o'clock this morning we were woken by sounds of someone , ah , fumbling with the door .
It sounded pretty violent and about five minutes after that they had used a crowbar to break the lock .
There was about 12 Israeli military soldiers , armed with M16s , flashlights and a camera .
ANNE BARKER : Israel says Bridgette Chappell was arrested because she 'd overstayed her visa .
Her Israeli lawyer Omer Shatz says he 's been denied access to speak to her - and fears she may be deported before he can bring her case to court .
OMER SHATZ : Usually what they do is they try to deport her within 24 hours , using techniques of intimidation and threatening , saying that if you wo n't sign a paper that 's saying she is willing to leave now , or within a few hours , you will be staying there for months , and they know that they do n't want to be in jail for a long period of time .
ANNE BARKER : Israeli authorities also say both women were known to be involved in illegal riots and interfering with Israeli military activity .
But Palestinian authorities say Israel has no jurisdiction over Ramallah , and therefore had no right to raid the apartment .
Indeed , at the time of her arrest the Australian woman was n't in Israel at all .
And Omer Shatz says if she overstayed her visa it 's only because Israeli forces captured her and took her to Israel to accuse her of breaching her visa .
OMER SHATZ : The Minister of Interior has no authority outside Israel and if she was brought into Israel for example by the army , she did n't commit any offence because they put her inside Israel , so they turned her into an illegal stay , alright ?
ANNE BARKER : The International Solidarity Movement says the women 's arrests are really aimed at stifling protests against Israel 's occupation of the West Bank .
It 's common for Palestinian activists to face arrest or detention for their roles in anti-Israel activities .
But Mr Shatz says in recent months Israeli authorities have begun using these new tactics against foreigners also taking part .
OMER SHATZ : Foreigners like Bridgette , they take part sometimes in nonviolent demos , and the worst crime is that they also report to their homeland - Australia , Europe , United States .
ANNE BARKER : Israel has confirmed the two women are now in an immigration jail , but refuses to say any more .
Omer Shatz has lodged a petition in the Israeli Supreme Court against Bridgette Chappell 's arrest on the grounds it was illegal .
He 's hoping judges will decide the case in a few days - if , of course , she 's not deported first .
This is Anne Barker in Jerusalem for The World Today .
[ / caption ]
The long - awaited experiment that will search for dark matter is getting closer to heading to the International Space Station .
The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer ( AMS ) is undergoing final testing at ESA ’s Test Centre in the Netherlands before being launched on the space shuttle to the ISS , currently scheduled for July , 2010 .
The AMS will help scientists better understand the fundamental issues on the origin and structure of the Universe by observing dark matter , missing matter and antimatter .
As a byproduct , AMS will gather other information from cosmic radiation sources such as stars and galaxies millions of light years from our home galaxy .
ISS officials have been touting that science is now beginning to be done in earnest on the orbiting laboratory .
The AMS will be a giant leap in science capability for the ISS .
Not only is it the biggest scientific instrument to be installed on the International Space Station ( ISS ) , but also it is the first magnetic spectrometer to be flown in space , and the largest cryogenically cooled superconducting magnet ever used in space .
It will be installed on the central truss of the ISS .
AMS had been cut from the ISS program following the 2003 Columbia shuttle accident , but the outcry over the cancellation forced NASA to rethink their decision .
Most of AMS ’s $ 1.5 - billion costs have been picked up the international partners that NASA wishes to stay on good terms with .
56 institutes from 16 countries have contributed to the AMS project , with Nobel laureate Samuel Ting coordinating the effort .
In an interview with the BBC , Ting said results from AMS may take up to three years to search for antimatter in other galaxies , and dark matter in our own .
The instrument was built at the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) in Geneva , Switzerland .
The first part of the tests was also conducted at CERN , when the detector was put through its paces using a proton beam from CERN ’s Super Proton Synchrotron accelerator to check its momentum resolution and its ability to measure particle curvature and momentum .
AMS ’s ability to distinguish electrons from protons was also tested .
This is very important for the measurement of cosmic rays , 90 % of which are protons and constitute a natural background for other signals that interest scientists .
AMS will be looking for an abundance of positrons and electrons from space , one of the possible markers for dark matter .
Once the extensive testing is complete , AMS will leave ESTEC at the end of May on a special US Air Force flight to Kennedy Space Center in Florida .
It will be launched to the ISS on the Space Shuttle Endeavour on flight STS - 134 , now scheduled for July .
Source : ESA
Stephen Gandel has a good , thought - provoking interview with Roy Smith , a former Goldman banker whose book is available in the UK .
His way of looking at both bubbles and busts as being driven by liquidity I think has a lot to be said for it : " data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Stephen Gandel has a good , thought - provoking interview with Roy Smith , a former Goldman banker whose book is available in the UK .
His way of looking at both bubbles and busts as being driven by liquidity I think has a lot to be said for it :
There is now about $ 140 trillion in market capitalization in the word ’s financial markets looking for investments .
That money can now move around very easily .
But even if a relatively small portion of that money goes after something — say , mortgages — it can quickly cause a bubble and a crisis .
So all this good work we have done in the past few years to make our capital markets more efficient and open has also made them very hazardous , and we have n’t done anything yet to address that problem .
Here ’s Smith ’s verdict on the history of Wall Street :
The net result has been a positive for users of capital markets , which can be accessed more cheaply than ever before .
But the success of the market has resulted in a vast accumulation of capital in tradable form that is now capable of wrecking whole economies .
In 2000 and 2007 , financial bubbles did great damage , and the monster is still out there .
Up until now , I ’ve thought that the harmfulness of financial innovation was largely a function of its role in enabling regulatory arbitrage .
But Smith ’s idea I think is stronger .
Financial innovation , on this view , is in large part the art of turning illiquid assets into liquid assets .
And once an asset is liquid , it ’s susceptible to highly - dangerous booms and busts .
The point is that it ’s pretty much impossible to have a bubble in something which does n’t have a liquid asset class supporting it .
There ’s a good reason that the very concept of a bubble is associated with stocks : stocks are one of the most liquid asset classes in the world .
The carry trade is essentially the art of creating bubbles in liquid currency markets .
The invention of the mortgage - backed security allowed trillions of dollars to flow into the housing market , where a huge bubble formed .
There was a veritable frenzy of trading in Dutch tulips , when they were in a bubble .
( Can someone help me out with the Japanese property bubble of the 1980s ?
What was the driving force behind that ? )
It ’s not like you ca n’t lose money where there is n’t a speculative frenzy , of course : banks and insurance companies have been going bust for centuries , after misjudging creditworthiness or losing a gamble when some tail event finally happened .
And a lack of liquidity can be just as bad as a surplus of it : if a country has exchange controls and high interest rates , a huge proportion of the money in that country eventually ends up being lent in some form or another to the sovereign , which when it eventually defaults can cause massive economic devastation .
But as Smith says , a world with over $ 100 trillion in liquidity is by its nature a world prone to bubbles : a tiny slosh of that money in a certain direction can cause massively destabilizing effects in formerly - sleepy corners of the market .
And the explosive growth of ETFs , which can turn all manner of fixed - income , commodity , and currency asset classes into liquid and bubble - prone stocks , only makes matters worse .
The monster is still out there — and the monster is growing , as sovereigns with trillions of dollars of disposable wealth at their disposal look for asset classes to invest that wealth in , and as Wall Street continues to extoll its ability to corral multi-billion - dollar financing deals by doing clever things in the capital markets .
What ’s more , it ’s far from clear that regulators even have the ability to identify bubbles , let alone to prevent them growing to destabilizing levels .
George Soros said in Davos that he loves identifying bubbles and then jumping on the bandwagon and making lots of money .
Can anybody hope to stop him ?
Stan S. sent us a recent research report by Economist Kent Gilbreath .
He presents data illustrating gender differences in the starting salaries of college graduates with different majors , as well as data on the way in which gender differences have changed between 1998 and 2008 .
The findings are in the direction you might expect , but with quite a bit of variation !
First , Gilbreath summarizes the data .
Of all of the majors he surveyed , males have higher starting salaries 63 % of the time ; women have higher starting salaries in the remaining 37 % :
Here are the details by major ; net differences ( far right column ) , when positive , reflect how much more money men are making than woman and , when negative , reflect how much more money women are making than men ( the variation is quite amazing ! ) :
And here ’s the data for the sciences , though the format is off :
Gilbreath then looks at change in the gender difference between 1998 and 2008 .
Again , a summary shows that , in 58 % of the cases , men ’s advantage over women is growing and , in the remaining 42 % , women ’s advantage is growing :
The details show which majors have shown a better growth rate for men or women .
A positive average annual growth rate ( far right column ) is a gain for men over women and a negative one is a gain for women over men .
This is great data because it shows that , overall , men receive higher starting salaries than women , and their advantage is growing , but the advantage that accrues to men is not even .
It depends , very much , on what their major is .
Anyone see any interesting trends or have any stories from the field ?
WagerWeb
WagerWeb offers Coopers Pick clients an extra 1/ 2 point for most betting events .
SBG Global
SBG 's online wagering sportsbook sets industry standards for sports betting .
Sports Betting
Sports Betting offers online sports betting from a single account .
OddsMaker
OddsMaker is a sportsbook offering 100 % bonuses for Sports Betting Picks
Whether you bet for fun or to make money at the sportsbook coopers pick can help you .
This article appeared in Outlook India on February 1 , 2010 .
The war on Maoists is backed by a parallel war on rights activists
Jyoti Punwani
There are things I have n’t forgotten about that October night 30 years ago , like the shock of discovering that my knees were shaking as the banging on the door grew louder .
The voices , coarse and angry , were asking for P.V. Bhaktavatsalam , the lawyer who had dared to defend those charged with being Naxalites in a state obsessed with eliminating them .
The parallels with modern - day Chhattisgarh could n’t be greater .
Back then , between August and October 1980 , ten young men had been killed in police encounters in the North Arcot and Dharmapuri districts .
Their crime ?
Organising peasants in that backward region , where the Naxalites had a base .
M.G. Ramachandran , then chief minister , had given the police , headed by the megalomaniacal Walter Dawaram , a carte blanche to crush the peasant movement .
The police went about their task in the only manner they know : eliminating the leaders and arresting those protesting these murders for sedition .
In those post - Emergency days , when human rights was a cause that attracted celebrities , an all - India fact - finding team set out to investigate these ‘ encounters ’ .
Headed by Cho Ramaswamy , editor of the Tamil magazine Thuglak , it included environmentalist Claude Alvares and senior journalist Mohan Ram .
None of these names mattered .
We had barely checked into our lodge when a mob of plainclothesmen and “ victims of Naxalites ” started stoning our lodge .
After what seemed an eternity , uniformed police escorted us out of the lodge and the town “ for our own safety ” .
I remember the cringing gratitude I felt towards these “ saviours ” as they drove away their own drunken colleagues , but not before Claude ’s glasses were broken and Mohan was given a black eye .
Over the last few weeks , I ’ve thought about that night often .
Nothing seems to have changed , except the ruling parties .
The Naxalites are active again in our most backward areas , and the police have again been given a free hand .
Once again , anyone exposing the illegal actions of the police — the rapes and killings of adivasis over the last five years — has been targeted .
Himanshu Kumar , a Gandhian , has been evicted from the area ; Dr Binayak Sen was jailed .
Over the last two months , fact - finding teams trying to enter the forests of Chhattisgarh and Orissa , where tribal resistance to land being acquired for private industry is being brutally suppressed , have been attacked or turned back .
In Narayanpatna , Orissa , an all - women ’s team out to investigate last November ’s killing of two adivasi leaders in police firing was first attacked inside a police station and then on the road .
The attackers were plainclothesmen and civilians who were later “ dispersed ” by policemen .
In Chhattisgarh , the police have set up an obstacle course for teams trying to reach the Maoist heartland of Bastar .
On December 14 , they seized the vehicles of an all - women team , citing irregularities in the drivers ’ documents .
When the women tried to go ahead by bus , the police warned the bus drivers not to carry them .
All this was to “ save ” them , the women were told .
The police let them have a taste though — a mob punctured the tyres of the bus in which the team was returning .
Prof Nandini Sundar of Delhi , a petitioner in the Supreme Court against the government - backed Salwa Judum , was stalked by the police , turned away by hotels and hounded by Bastar ’s unique tribal Special Police Officers in the hostel she stayed the night .
She , too , had to return without reaching her destination .
Only Medha Patkar managed to breach , briefly , the police ’s ‘ No Entry ’ sign , but not before her team was attacked with eggs by Salwa Judum tribals on Dantewada ’s main road as police stood by , watching .
But 30 years on , three developments have changed the situation radically .
One , the Centre has openly entered the fray , sending its forces to crush the Maoists , making the adivasi areas a war zone .
Two , the police have raised anti-Maoist groups : Salwa Judum in Bastar and Shanti Samitis in Orissa , which can tackle human rights busybodies too .
Finally , “ human rights ” has lost the halo that propelled celebrities into action .
Two years after DIG Mohandas sent us packing from Tamil Nadu , declaring , “ I can tell you for sure that no fact - finding committee will be allowed to come here ” , another team did just that .
( By then , the encounter toll had risen to 21 . )
Heading the second team were socialist MPs Surendra Mohan and Mrinal Gore , and Swami Agnivesh .
Today , human rights groups wonder who can break into Chhattisgarh DGP Vishwaranjan ’s protected zone , where tribal eye - witnesses to “ encounters ” are so well protected against “ outsiders ” that , despite Supreme Court orders , their own lawyers are denied access .
County court - at - law judge Reagan Helm has resigned , the Houston Chronicle is reporting ; the move comes right before a hearing in which prosecutors sought to remove him from 74 cases because of comments he had made belittling domestic - violence cases .
The motion , filed last year by the DAs office , says Helm had a general pattern of telling men accused of domestic violence that their accusers had them " by the balls . "
Which , if you 're a woman who 's been beaten up by a husband , is probably not what you want to be hearing from the judge in your case .
Helm also mocked one woman , the motion said , for filing an emergency protective order against a guy he apparently deemed not too intimidating .
" He looks like a real killer to me .
You 're telling me you are afraid of him ? "
Helm reportedly said .
Helm , a Republican who 's been on the misdemeanor - court bench since 1994 , denied he had demeaned women or acted in any way that would harm their cases .
His resignation letter to commissioners court cited his age : he turns 70 soon .
Enlarge By Robin Buckson , AP A memorial is set up outside a burned apartment in a building in Flint , Mich . , on Sunday .
A fire that apparently started after a man fell asleep while cooking swept through an apartment building , killing the man 's young child and three others he was baby - sitting , authorities said .
FLINT , Mich . ( AP ) 
A fire that apparently started after a man fell asleep while cooking swept through an apartment building , killing the man 's young child and three others he was baby - sitting , authorities said .
The fire started at about 11 p.m. Saturday in a kitchen in one of the building 's six town houses , said Rod Slaughter , executive director of the Flint Housing Commission .
Neighbors spotted flames and smoke , and banged on the doors of the unit to wake the 28 - year - old father , who escaped through a first - floor window , Fire Battalion Chief Andy Graves said .
They unsuccessfully tried to coax one of the children to jump from a second - floor window .
" They were able to reach one child , but they could n't get her to jump , " Graves said Sunday .
The children were between the ages of 1 and 4 years old .
Smoke detectors either were not working or the residents of the unit where the fire started did not heed them , Graves said .
The apartment was fully engulfed in flames when firefighters arrived .
Flint Public Safety Director Al Lock said firefighters arrived at the building within minutes of the emergency call .
" They did all that they could to try to reach the children , " Lock said at a news conference Sunday night .
He said when the firefighters found the children they could not be revived .
Pink and blue balloons , teddy bears and candles were placed outside the burned town house in an impromptu memorial for the victims .
The neighborhood is pockmarked by vacant lots and boarded - up single - family homes in a battered industrial city hard - hit by the loss of tens of thousands of General Motors Corp.
jobs over recent decades .
Chiquana Richey , a former resident of the complex , raced to the scene after getting a call from a friend soon after the blaze broke out .
The mother of two children returned there Sunday .
" I could n't imagine what it would be like to lose my children like that .
I could n't live .
I live for my children , " said Richey , 32 .
Melinda Stewart , a neighbor whose three children played with the children who died , said she called 911 in a panic after the fire erupted .
" I was just screaming to 911 , ' The babies are inside , ' " Stewart told The Flint Journal .
It took firefighters hours to bring the blaze under control but it flared up again early Sunday , destroying Stewart 's apartment and possessions and those of other neighbors .
The fire spread through a common attic and damaged all of the six units in the two - story apartment building , part of a sprawling , low - rise complex run by the housing commission , a public agency .
The housing commission was working to find new lodging for five families displaced by the fire , Slaughter said .
" No matter how bad the economy is , Flint and Genesee ( County ) will come together , " Slaughter said , listing a range of community groups that were offering food , clothing and furniture to the families .
One of the displaced neighbors , Bishetta Buford , said she hoped to move into a new public housing unit on Monday .
Her apartment suffered smoke and water damage .
" It was just a disaster , " she said .
Slaughter said the city recently closed a nearby fire station because of budget cuts , but he believed the response time by firefighters had been adequate .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
De modo simples , porém sem perder o aspecto crítico , o curta Intervozes , de direção , edição e roteiro de Pedro Ekman , tem como objetivo (? ) atingir o público que pelos mais diversos motivos não tem possibilidade de examinar os cadafalsos perversos que se ocultam nas vozes idilosas da ideologia que perpassam pelos “ oligarcas da comunicação ” que controlam os principais meios de comunicação e , consequentemente , de boa parte da indústria cultural do nosso país .
Em tempo , o diretor poderia nos ter poupado das cenas iniciais da vida selvagem , não porque se deve dizer ao leopardo não devorar o cervo , mas para evitar a propagação dessa insensatez humana de separar drasticamente eles ( os animais ) do nós ( humanos ) – o que não é dizer que homens e animais são iguais - , implicando em um mundo com finalidade ao homem que pensou ser isso e tomou seus issos por naturezas .
We ’ve all been through it .
Whether you ’re the dumper or the dumpee , breaking up sucks — especially this time of year .
After your friends have all gone home and that bottle of bourbon is definitely empty , at least music is there to ease your aching heart .
Since we have officially exited the aughts , we figured we ’d save you the trouble and compile a list of the top ten break - up songs from the past decade .
So , without further ado , a five stages of grief - inspired mix , just in time for Valentine ’s Day .
Please use in moderation .
The Knife , “ Silent Shout ”
They say the five stages of grief begin with denial .
What better way to begin your grieving process than with a track off of The Knife ’s 2006 album
of the same name ?
The throbbing bass , melodic beeps and blips and eerie vocals of the Dreijer siblings will reveal your feelings : “ I never knew this could happen to me / I know now fragility … ”
Band of Horses , “ No One ’s Gonna Love You ”
You may still be reeling from the effects of denial , but there ’s some bitterness starting to creep in .
Grab some tissues as Ben Bridwell ’s voice swoons deliriously over the shimmery , ethereal guitars in this tune off the band ’s 2007 album
, about an unwinding relationship .
Ida Maria , “ Forgive Me ”
Ida Maria probably says it best in this song off her 2008 album Fortress Round My Heart
: “ And you had me for days and you had me for months / And I hope you enjoyed your time of fun . ”
Sound angry ?
Well , it is .
This is break - up music , complete with powerful guitars and a woman on the brink .
The Walkmen , “ The Rat ”
At this point you are probably savoring your anger .
This is a good thing , and we ’ve got just the soundtrack .
Off the band ’s 2004 album , Bows +
Arrows
, the urgent drums , driving guitars , organ and Hamilton Leithauser ’s wailing vocals are what you need to stew over that lost love .
Jose Gonzalez , “ Lovestain ”
As Jose Gonzalez says , “ blood comes off easily . ”
Lovestains are another matter completely .
Continue the cleanse with this song off of his 2003 debut album , Veneer
, featuring Gonzalez ’s soulful vocals , talented acoustic classical guitar skills and evocative imagery .
Bon Iver , “ Skinny Love ”
In 2007 Justin Vernon released an album called For Emma , Forever Ago
.
The rumor was that it was about a break - up .
Observe his lonely pain as he uses his voice as a bruised instrument , steadied by the hushed strumming of an acoustic guitar .
Does this sound like bargaining to you ?
“ Come on skinny love just last the year . ”
Feist , “ Let It Die ”
Off of her 2004 album
of the same name , this wistful tune complete with lilting saxophones and subtle drum and organ lines , will help you move from depression to begrudging acceptance .
Tunng , “ Woodcat ”
Oh , that your love affair were just a fairy tale !
Instead of wishing , listen to this tune from the band ’s 2006 album Comments of the Inner Chorus
.
Here , Sam Genders and Mike Lindsay joyfully finger - pick their guitars and sing about a deep , peculiar forest , where people are turned into hares and everyone agrees that they “ all had a lovely time . ”
Love is All , “ Last Choice ”
This tune , off of the band ’s 2008 album A Hundred Things Keep Me Up At Night
, reflects on going to a party and taking home whoever is left at the end of the night .
This may not be the healthiest message , but Josephine Olausson ’s energetic voice , mixed with garage rock guitars and blaring saxophones , is sure to cheer you up and help you accept your situation .
The Avalanches , “ Since I Left You ”
Featuring thousands of samples from disco to lazy guitar riffs to an intro to a Club Med commercial , The Avalanches “ Since I Left You ” — off of their 2001 album
of the same name — is the perfect song to get you in the mood to move on .
Though he had been grievously harmed , Mr. Jerome - Parks bore no bitterness or anger .
“ You do n’t really get to know somebody , ” said Ms. Leonard , the friend from church , “ until you see them go through something like this , and he was just a pillar of strength for all of us . ”
Mr. Jerome - Parks appreciated the irony of his situation : that someone who earned a living solving computer problems would be struck down by one .
He grew closer to his oncologist , Dr. Berson , who had overseen the team that caused his injury .
“ He and Dr. Berson had very realistically talked about what was going to happen to him , ” said his father , James Parks .
Ms. Jerome - Parks , who was providing her husband round - the - clock care , refused to surrender .
“ Prayer is stronger than radiation , ” she wrote in the subject line of an e-mail message sent to friends .
Prayer groups were formed , and Mass was celebrated in his hospital room on their wedding anniversary .
Yet there was no stopping his inevitable slide toward death .
“ Gradually , you began to see things happening , ” said Ms. Weir - Bryan , the friend from Toronto , who helped care for him .
“ His eyes started to go , his hearing went , his balance . ”
Ms. Giuliano , another of the couple ’s friends , believed that Mr. Jerome - Parks knew prayer would not be enough .
“ At some point , he had to turn the corner , and he knew he was n’t going to make it , ” Ms. Giuliano said .
“ His hope was , ‘ My death will not be for nothing . ’
He did n’t say it that way , because that would take too much ego , and Scott did n’t have that kind of ego , but I think it would be really important to him to know that he did n’t die for nothing . ”
The journeys of two marine turtles around the world 's oceans will be available to view online this Christmas , thanks to a new research project launched by the University of Exeter .
Noelle and Darwinia are two adult female leatherback turtles that nest in Gabon , Western Central Africa .
The research team has fitted each turtle with a small satellite tracking device , which enables the scientists to monitor their precise movements and observe where and how deep they dive .
The tracking began on 7 December 2009 and so far the turtles have travelled 800 miles between them .
Noelle and Darwinia are members of the world 's largest nesting population of leatherback turtles , but their environment is threatened .
The waters around Gabon are increasingly subject to industrial fishing and oil exploitation , particularly from nations outside West Africa , including countries in Europe .
Leatherbacks are of profound conservation concern around the world after populations in the Indo - Pacific crashed by more than 90 percent in the 1980s and 1990s .
The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) lists leatherback turtles as critically endangered globally , but detailed population assessments in much of the Atlantic , especially Africa , are lacking .
A team from the University of Exeter , the Government of Gabon and a network of NGO's in country , including the Wildlife Conservation Society and Seaturtle Org , is now undertaking research to learn where these creatures go .
The researchers hope their findings will enable government agencies to protect key areas from the impacts of fishing , oil exploitation and pollution .
The project has been funded by Defra 's Darwin Initiative , which draws on the wealth of biodiversity expertise within the UK to help protect and enhance biodiversity around the world .
Dr Matthew Witt of the University of Exeter is a member of the project team .
He said : " We are building a high precision model of how these amazing creatures use the seas near Gabon to breed .
Our aim is that this will help inform management of fisheries and mineral exploration as well as feeding into ambitious plans to widen the network of marine protected areas in Gabon .
It is only by having detailed information on where these creatures go that we can try to protect them . "
" Sea turtles are the ancient mariners of the world " said Dr Howard Rosenbaum , Director of the Wildlife Conservation Society 's Ocean Giants Program .
" Understanding broader migration patterns and use of the nearshore habitat around their nesting beaches is a key component to their conservation . "
The team hopes that the turtles ' journeys will capture the public imagination over Christmas .
Dr Witt continues : " It is exciting to see where these creatures travel and to delve into their lives in the vast South Atlantic Ocean .
Over the Christmas period we will follow their movements with great interest with the hope that the information we gather can feed into truly useful approaches to help promote the protection of the species . "
Their progress can now be viewed online : www.seaturtle.org/tracking.
About leatherback turtles
THE IRRESPONSIBILITY OF OPTIMISM Robert Senior
The idea of Progress obsesses the modern mind .
It is so much a part of modern thinking that it is the air most of us breath .
Yet the grand idea of Progress is made up of many contradictory notions that man in his natural state is a brute and is civilized by his institutions that man in his natural state is good and is corrupted only by his institutions ; that the possibilities for human improvement are infinite ; that the possibilities for human improvement are finite and lead to an harmonious end beyond which no further improvement is necessary : that the State is the major agency of improvement : that the State is the major obstacle to improvement ; that unrestrained economic self - interest is the motive power of betterment : that unrestrained economic self - interest turns society into a jungle .
that the aim of Progress is equality ; that only inequality can guarantee Progress .
How is it that , containing so many conflicting strands , the idea of Progress has not torn itself apart ?
What is the glue which keeps it intact ?
If there is a single idea or attitude which has the power to do this , it is optimism .
Whether we turn to Jean Bodin or Francis Bacon to Campanella or Descartes to Leibnitz or Jean - Jacques Rousseau to Adam Smith , Saint - Simon or Karl Marx we find essentially the same sanguine assessment of human nature and destiny .
Ostensibly opposing doctrines are conjoined by their celebration of optimism indeed , if we look at the two doctrines which have exerted the greatest influence over not only the thought but also the deeds of recent times those of Adam Smith and Karl Marx , it would be easy to conclude that those who have seized on them have been trying to outdo one another in optimism .
For the modern mind , there is no greater heresy than anti-optimism .
We persist in the belief that the future is bound to be better than the past in spite of the fact that with each day that passes the enduring power of human evil forces itself on our unwilling attention .
It is not simply , however , that optimism persists in spite of the absence of evidence that the human capacity for evil is receding : it is rather that optimism feeds off evil disaster and catastrophe
It is characteristic of the modern mind that the worse things get the better people expect them to become .
People can be offered and in some circumstances will accept fear , misery , degradation and death so long as they feel that they are heading towards a glorious future , Whether this glorious future is offered by Hitler or Stalin is immaterial .
Apparently opposite ends of a gamut of belief .
Hitler and Stalin share the same view of the future as an arena for control , for the breaking of all restraints in imposing on the world an order perfectly in keeping with their own whims .
The optimistic mind treats every disaster as merely another obstacle to be overcome on the route to paradise and never stops to reflect that the disaster may itself be the result of the application of optimism
If things are bad all we can do is press on to a better future even though it is precisely pressing on to what we believe will be a better future that has helped to make things bad .
Optimism makes life entirely future - oriented .
It is curious that Albert Einstein should have remarked that he never thought about the future as it comes soon enough , for he has become a symbol of man 's capacity to master nature and control the future .
A serene acceptance of what each day brings is entirely alien to modern thinking : each day is an opportunity for advancement , personal or collective .
To take it as it comes is to waste .
An intrinsically optimistic view of life is a very modern phenomenon , yet we tend to site a more pessimistic view of human life far back in the past .
We accept that the ancient Greeks , for example , in spite of the accomplishments of their culture never relinquished a more or less pessimistic view of human life .
They perceived time as an enemy which wore away every human achievement .
They did not perceive the future as a great opportunity but rather as something which advanced towards them threateningly .
Though they might believe in the human capacity to struggle through many difficulties , they would never have gone so far as to believe in the possibility of indefinite improvement and this belief is essential to the doctrine of Progress and the optimism which underpins it .
As J.B. Bury puts it in The Idea of Progress : " It is from its bearings on the future that Progress derives its value , its interest and its power .
You may conceive civilization as having gradually advanced in the past , but you have not got the idea of Progress until you conceive that it is destined to advance indefinitely in the future , " Optimism embraces the notion that , whatever has happened in the past , the future can be different .
Yet at the same time it tries to take the past as evidence to support its belief in the future .
History reveals to us that life is always in movement in the direction of betterment .
Feudalism becomes capitalism .
Privileges are transformed into rights .
The illiterate are taught to read .
The powerless are given the vote .
The old must be destroyed to make way for the new .
If the optimistic view of the world can sometimes co-exist with a sickly nostalgia , it never drops the idea that destruction is part of its necessity .
That the good may sometimes be destroyed with the bad does not deter the optimist , for the future is the place where a greater good can be realized .
It seldom occurs to the optimist that , once destroyed , some things might be difficult or even impossible to regain .
Ultimately , everything is worth sacrificing in pursuit of the future .
The conviction that the future can be utterly unlike the past is reinforced by the speed of technological change in the modern world .
A person born at the start of the twentieth century in Britain has seen a range of technological innovations which make life today , superficially at least , utterly unlike the life he or she knew as a child .
Yet the banal observation that technological advance does not also imply moral advance , though it might be accepted by optimists , impinges hardly at all on their behaviour .
An elision takes place through which moral change is assimilated to technological change .
This is not surprising as optimism sees science as the essential source of human redemption
If there has been evil in the past , it is only because our view of the world and ourselves is insufficiently rational .
In principle there is no difference between the problem of evil and that of tuberculosis : both can be cured by knowledge of their aetiology , correct diagnosis treatment and prophylaxis .
The notion that there might be fundamental problems of human life which do not admit of solution that as Reinhold Niebuhr puts it : " History is not its own redeemer , " is unacceptable to optimism .
This insistence on rationality , however leads to a hyper- rationality which is thoroughly irrational .
A belief in the unlimited power of rationality limits its real power .
Yet to accept a limit to rationality would be to admit the existence of areas which are resistant to transformation in and through time and thereby to undermine the whole project of optimism .
The doctrine of optimism is absolute or is not at all .
The relatively recent domination of the ideas of Progress and optimism should give us pause .
If humanity has lived for thousands and even tens of thousands of years with a view of the world which is not simply not optimistic but which contains a fair leaven of pessimism , perhaps we should reflect that optimism is not indispensable .
The irony is , however , that the recent emergence of optimism only serves to convince us of its legitimacy : we are the fortunate moderns who have cast off ancient , debilitating pessimism .
This self - complacency which makes escape from optimism so difficult is precisely what an anti optimistic orientation militated against .
Optimism destroys the age - old sin of hubris .
An overweening pride in our achievements and a derogation of the inadequacies of the past operates as a defence against those fundamental weaknesses of human nature and problems of the human condition a recognition of which was intrinsic to pessimism .
Optimism is , thus , a form of narcissism .
As Christopher Lasch has written : " Self hood is precisely the inescapable awareness of man 's contradictory place in the natural order of things . "
Paradoxically optimism accompanies a weak sense of self for it is uncomfortable with the idea that humanity is at one and the same time part of nature yet not fully embedded in it .
The optimists ' solution to this irreducible problem is to bring nature fully under humanity 's dominion .
Yet humanity cannot bring itself under its own dominion .
Humanity cannot cease to be its own problem , but it is the conviction that it can which powers optimism .
The ancient Greeks held to the notion of the degeneration of the world from a condition of original perfection .
As created by the Deity , the world was faultless , but designed to last only a limited time .
About halfway through this span began the degradation which would lead to its inevitable extinction if the Deity did not then intervene to begin the process anew .
With the arrival of Christianity came the idea of the Fall .
These concepts , of degeneration or Fall , express humanity 's capacity for self - transcendence .
We can imagine a Golden Age , an Arcadia , a time of perfect innocence and peace and harmony because in thought , in moral imagination , we can surpass our creaturliness .
The discrepancy between the way we are able to imagine human life and the way it is , leads , in pessimistic philosophies , to a belief in Fall or degeneration and in optimistic philosophies to a belief in perfection in the future .
From our modern perspective it is easy to see that the idea of a past Golden Age is an illusion .
We are reluctant , however , to see that confidence in a future age of the same kind is equally illusory .
Our creaturliness remains the obstacle .
Whether we project backwards or forwards , it is impossible to overcome the divisions in our nature .
Human life is forever tinged with tragedy for we cannot make ourselves what we can imagine ourselves .
We can , however , imagine the pyramids and build them , or imagine the Eiffel tower and erect it , or imagine an aeroplane and make it fly or imagine an information superhighway and bring it into being .
When we are working on anything but human nature we have an extraordinary capacity to realize our imaginings .
The plentiful and myriad materials of the earth have provided us with the means of proving to ourselves our power to mould reality to our own ends .
Nature presents itself as a huge laboratory where , like eager children , we explore and discover to our heart 's content .
It is when we turn to our own nature that we confront the impossibility of bringing our projects to fruition .
The world abounds in utopian theories yet none of them has succeeded in releasing humanity from its contradictory place in nature or its essential self - complacency .
Science , however , still clings to the fantasy that this is possible .
Whether through the universal prescription of Prozac or genetic engineering that will alter human nature so that the bad tendencies are eliminated humanity so the optimists believe can be delivered into perfect happiness and harmony .
The fantasy of a humanity engineered for happiness reveals the hopelessness of optimism for in facing the question of who shall decide on a definition of happiness , who shall determine which traits are to be retained and which eliminated , the simple question of who shall do what to whom , we run up against the intractable fact of the struggle for power .
As human life has no intrinsic or transcendent definition , people will always struggle to impose the definition which best suits their interest or temperament .
It is sensible to be pessimistic about the possibilities of doing away with this struggle but it is also right to be hopeful that ways can be found of continuing it in as humanised a manner as possible .
The irony of the fantasy of unsullied happiness and harmony is that it drives us in the direction of greater dehumanization .
We are not humanised by ceasing to feel anxiety or unhappiness or diffidence or aggression or even despair .
We are not humanized by putting an end to the struggle to define the meaning of human life .
It is through this struggle and the anxiety , unhappiness , aggression , despair , and also joy , hope , serenity , generosity , in short the whole gamut of human emotions , which it engenders that our humanity is realised .
Human aggression , for example , is not entirely negative .
The fantasy of a humanity from which aggression has been bred out would mean a world robbed of Christ or Shakespeare or Martin Luther King as well as Hitler and Stalin .
It is n't possible to fight for justice and freedom or to write great plays without drawing on reserves of aggression .
A belief in the possibility of a sanitized humanity fails to understand that the sources of evil and of moral grandeur are identical .
It is the weaknesses in our nature that lead to evil and it is the struggle to overcome those weaknesses which confers moral grandeur .
The elimination of weakness could produce only a species of gleeful or blank , dehumanized ghosts .
This kind of paradoxical thinking is inimical to optimism for when you believe that events are driving forward to ever greater improvement , paradox is suggestive of eddies , or even of cul - de - sacs .
The hedged idea of seeking improvement while knowing that it will be difficult and is attended by the peril that in the very act of change you may make things worse is too provisional for optimism .
The escape from pessimism which began in earnest in the sixteenth century is what has made possible centuries of breathtaking scientific and technological advance .
To suggest that caution about Progress is necessary is to suggest also that the people who effected this transformation were too bold .
Yet without this boldness , comforts we take for granted would never have been attained .
We should , therefore , press ahead in the same bold manner .
But this argument misses the facile point that technological advance does not necessarily imply advance of any other kind , even social .
On the contrary , it could easily be argued that the technological advance of the nineteenth century brought with it a degradation in social relations .
The clinching argument .
however , is assumed to be that of wealth creation Louis le Roy .
a contemporary of Jean Bodin , whose On the Vicissitudes or Variety of Things in the Universe appeared in 1577 .
wrote this of his time " We can affirm that the whole world is now known and all the races of men ; they can interchange all their commodities and mutually supply their needs as inhabitants of the same city or world - state "
The anonymous inventor of the mariner 's compass had opened the world to the possibility of trade and for Le Roy this provides an exciting and optimistic prospect .
Two hundred years before its publication this little comment of Le Roy 's adumbrates Smith 's Wealth of Nations .
The possibility of the attainment of universal prosperity : the idea that humanity could become one ecumenical body conjoined in the pursuit of wealth , the glimpse of a world in which riches which had once been known only to a tiny minority might be enjoyed by all ; these were powerful stimulants and they tended to sweep aside all objections .
It is difficult to raise moral objections against utopia
One objector , however , was David Davies , rector of Cookham .
Berkshire who in The Case of the Labourer in Husbandry 1795 argued that .
“ … for a dubious economic benefit , an amazing number of people have been reduced from a comfortable state of partial independence to the precarious condition of mere hirelings , who when out of work immediately come on the parish . "
The cause of distress , of course , was enclosure which had been transforming the English countryside , sometimes slowly , sometimes more rapidly , since the first Statute of Merton in 1235 .
Davies 's view of the economic benefits of enclosure as " dubious " clashes with the prevailing economic optimism .
Davies is percipient and sees the kind of society to which the developments he is witnessing might lead : the majority of people having no independent means of life and therefore having to rely first on the parish and later on the state when the vagaries of the system throw them out of work .
Unlike Adam Smith for whom the negative aspects of capitalist development deserve only the occasional aside , for Davies the loss of independence even partial is too big a price to pay .
The irony is that it will later become and remains part of the dogma of the apologists of capitalism that the problem with the poor is that they won stand on their own two feet .
Here is a simple but clear example of how optimism was able to override objections to the changes it brought about .
It is true that the enclosing landlords were pursuing their economic interest and that this impelled them to act as they did often with no thought at all for the consequences of their actions on the villagers who were left without a livelihood , and in some cases , a home .
But this pursuit of economic interest did not work through them in some unconscious fashion .
They were not agents of an impersonal historical will
They were , from the early sixteenth century , acting in accordance with the prevailing intellectual spirit .
If they ignored those voices which told them they had a moral duty towards their tenants , it was because they believed that such a moral duty was obsolescent .
The future would be one of trade , and this would be to everyone 's benefit , Therefore , in enclosure , economic opportunism tallied with moral duty .
It became a moral duty to ignore one 's moral duty to one 's tenants in order to press on to the bright future offered by trade .
To have missed such an opportunity would have been a moral fault .
Optimism made a moral duty to the future more important than that to the present .
This ability to excuse almost anything on the grounds that it will lead to something better is intrinsic to optimism and it helps to make it easy to organize .
Once the idea has been insinuated into people 's minds that today 's disasters are a mere prelude to tomorrow 's wonders they are less likely to judge harshly those who have engineered disaster .
Modern politics is predicated on the ability of politicians and their parties to convince people that they have a better future to offer .
Parties which achieve this can get away with astonishing incompetence in the present .
Modern politicians have a solution for every problem .
Modern politics is by its very nature directed towards the future and argues that time is the friend of humanity .
With enough time at our disposal there is no difficulty we cannot overcome
The message of modern politics is : Redemption Tomorrow , which means redemption forever anticipated and postponed .
Politicians dare not say that redemption is impossible , that whatever advances we make we always carry with us our capacity for evil , that , as de Ferron wrote in his Theory of Progress in 1867 : " All our marvellous inventions are just as powerful for evil as they are for good . "
The very idea of evil has been marginalised by the arrival of Economic Man .
Once all human relations are reduced to the single idea of a balance of economic forces , each individual pursuing his self - interest in a system in which extra-human forces intervene to smooth out conflict and disharmony , it becomes senseless to talk any longer about evil , for such a concept implies that individuals must struggle endlessly against the worst in their natures ; a struggle alien to the optimistic view of humanity .
There is a sense in which it is true that the modern world is so evil because the idea of evil has been expelled from it .
The destiny of humanity is to pursue wealth and this is done best by the free - play of self - interest .
The ancient notion that native self - complacency and egocentricity must be subjected to ceaseless moral restraint , is cast aside .
Economic
Man cannot admit moral considerations , for if it were once allowed that we owe an inescapable moral duty to one another , the world economy would collapse .
A business decision is purely a business decision and exists quite outside the moral sphere .
That if may result in the decimation of communities , the destruction of individual lives , that it may bring the four horsemen of the Apocalypse galloping over the horizon is of no consequence
There must be an absolute freedom to make decisions on purely economic grounds because we are expected to believe , by so doing we are bound to arrive at the best of all possible worlds .
To dispel moral striving from the arena of business is purported to be a moral position as all moral improvement is assumed to depend on the unlimited expansion of wealth .
This illusion that it is possible to create a sphere of human activity which is entirely free of moral decisions is the flimsy intellectual basis of modern capitalism .
In order to build the future , in order to build the world of wealth that will benefit all , in order to see the optimistic vision of humanity realised , moral striving must be pushed to the periphery .
The conviction that the indefinite expansion of the wealth of the world would open the gates of paradise , has militated against the operation of the only thing that saves us from hell : our innate capacity for moral striving .
If Adam Smith makes moral striving redundant on the grounds that the weakness of self - interest is transmogrified into the source of our deliverance when it is permitted free rein in the pursuit of wealth and that the " invisible hand " shall make such adjustments as are necessary to avoid economic or social disaster , so that we can glibly seek our own advantage without a thought of what our actions imply for others .
Karl Marx dispels moral striving in an equally cavalier way by asserting that the impersonal force of History shall drive humanity to a moral end whether it chooses to get there or not .
Apologists for Marxism might argue that a moral opposition to capitalism is implicit in Marx 's work .
Unfortunately , Marx explicitly argues that it is not by moral choice that humanity arrives at a particular destination , but because of the " definite " economic relations into which people are forced to enter and which are " independent of ( their ) will "
It is easy to excuse Marx by saying that he exaggerated in the interest of clarity .
Marx , just like Adam Smith , robs humanity of that necessity for moral striving which is our best defence against alienation
He may have railed against the dehumanisation and alienation of capitalism but his own view of humanity is thoroughly dehumanized .
He does not appreciate that you cannot arrive at a moral end without choosing to do so .
To invoke History working through a seemingly utterly virtuous proletariat in order to bring humanity to a stage of society from which evil shall be expelled , is simply a tired reworking of age - old utopian fantasy .
Marx has no remedy for the evil he sees so clearly in the workings of capitalism .
He is a victim of the optimistic doctrines of his time just as much as Adam Smith .
Ostensibly the bitterest of rivals , Marx and Smith are in fact enthusiastic comrades and co-workers in optimism .
Optimism provides humanity with its most fearful weapon : an easy conscience .
Along with this goes a diminished sense of the tragedy of human life .
Reinhold Niebuhr says : “ … modern man is ... so certain about his essential virtue because he is so mistaken about his stature . "
An uneasy conscience and a sense of tragedy are concomitants of a realistic appreciation of the stature of humanity .
People can live with an easy conscience only when they are sure that nothing they have done , do or can do , could be evil .
Optimism permits people this illusion by convincing them that they are part of a process of betterment and that so long as they fulfil their duty to this process , nothing they do can be wrong .
Presumably the clerks at Drancy who went on sending Jews to the gas chambers even after Hitler was dead and the war obviously lost , believed that their punctilious conscientiousness was the same thing as a morality or that such diligence made moral striving redundant .
Optimism offers people relief from moral striving by making a categorical agreement with the system the test of all virtue .
There is no need to question the system for the system means Progress and is therefore beyond question .
In so far as debate can take place this is tolerated only within the boundaries of Progress .
Optimism conveys the sense that we are being carried along towards an improved destination and must therefore only set our shoulder to the wheel to be free of an uneasy conscience .
The short history of humanity embraces no dearth of brutality but ours has been an especially brutal century .
Yet we look back in horror at , for example , German fascism and see it as an aberration .
Millions admire Schindler 's
List which flatters them with the illusion that they could never behave like those awful Nazis .
Our lack of a sense of tragedy is exemplified by the fact that the evil of Hitlerism can become the basis of a blockbuster movie providing Saturday night entertainment across the globe and a subject for dinner - party chatter .
We can be optimistic because we know that fascism is behind us .
Yet Hitler was no aberration .
The philosophy of Adam Smith which tells us that it is the self - interest of the butcher , the baker , or the brewer which will provide us with our dinner leads directly to the Nazi death camps ; for if we have no appeal to human conscience what stops us from being disposable ?
If the perceived self - interest of the German nation requires the elimination of the Jews .
how do we argue against this if we have accepted that perceived self - interest must become the organizing principle of society ?
It was a very short step from dragooning people as mere " units of labour " into the factories of Europe during the Industrial Revolution and after , to herding them into death camps when they had become " superfluous .
What prevents people being seen as superfluous is the right to appeal to conscience , to a sense of humanity , even from those who provide us with our dinner .
Adam Smith is as incapable as Karl Marx of framing a theory which takes human evil fully into account .
His view of humanity is just as partial and dehumanized and his naive faith that in laissez - faire he has discovered an exit from the problem of evil is at once touching and horrifying .
Meticulous though it is The Wealth of Nations , just as much as Das Kapital , is founded on a false premise .
Implicit in every line is the belief that the pursuit of wealth is the sole destiny of humanity .
Once again it is too easy to excuse Smith on the grounds that he took a narrow focus in order to illuminate a discrete area of experience .
His theory elevates that area over all others and explicitly dismisses the belief that self - interest needs to be submitted to moral restraint .
Smith 's narrowness of focus is precisely the source of his dehumanized version of life .
Only now and again does he cast a wistful glance over his shoulder at the world he is helping destroy and wonder whether he might be giving birth to an illusion .
That the feeble intellectual base of Smith 's theory , like Marx's , has not prevented it from having an enormous influence over human action only points to the deluding power of underlying optimism .
Smith and Marx are both confident that in discovering essential laws of society they can predict and control the future , This element is much more explicit in Marx but it is a clear assumption in Smith .
They both try to behave like scientists and their view of science is , of course , thoroughly naive .
In the post - Popperian world it is easy to see where they went wrong : they accept induction and assume that sufficient accumulation of evidence proves a theory .
They also fail to recognize that procedures which are applicable to the study of the natural world are inappropriate to society .
They do not understand what we now see much more clearly : that the meaning of human life is something we create as we live it .
Smith 's confidence fully taken up by his followers , did not prevent the Wall St Crash or Black Wednesday .
If does not prevent one crisis following another .
Never has human confidence in a set of theories been so badly misplaced .
Economics , dismissed by Carlyle and Ruskin as " the dismal science " and " the damned lie " , impinges on the life of every individual on the planet .
It is impossible to put forward a simple moral proposition such as , for example , the world 's resources must be devoted first to the elimination of poverty rather than the improvement of the standard of living of the comfortable , without being met by an economic argument which seeks to show that the application of such straightforward moral dictums is impossible .
It is important that it is seen to be impossible not for moral reasons but for economic ones .
If the moral argument that we must look to the needs of the poor first were met by a moral argument which claimed that humanity is just too self - complacent for this , then at least we would be facing squarely the fact of our moral corruption .
When the economic argument is used , however , a sense of optimism and even of self - congratulation about our moral condition can be retained so that we are told that we cannot look after the poor first not because of our moral degradation , but because the unrestrained pursuit of self - interest is a wholly , and in fact the only , moral position and that , therefore , making the comfortable more comfortable at the expense of the poor is the morally right way to behave .
The myriad arguments from economics are simply a way of disguising the obvious moral corruption of a world specifically organized so that the rich can go on getting richer at the expense of the poor
This essential masking function of economics was recognized clearly by Ruskin and Carlyle .
In Unto This Last Ruskin wrote : “ ... the art of making yourself rich , in the ordinary mercantile economist 's sense is .... the art of keeping your neighbour poor . "
Carlyle and Ruskin the most eloquent moral opponents of capitalism were also opponents of democracy and socialism
They are too paradoxical for the modern optimistic mind and are easily dismissed as out of touch reactionaries .
John Stuart Mill on the other hand , is the champion of both capitalism and democracy and it is principally from his work that we derive the false idea that capitalism and democracy go hand in hand .
Mill is an optimist who sees laissez - faire on the one hand and democratic representation on the other as the means of arriving at a prosperous and orderly society .
Carlyle and Ruskin are pessimists whose view of human life is imbued with too strong a strain of tragedy for them to be taken in by visions of prosperity and order .
For example .
Ruskin wrote of work that it is : " ... the quantity of our labour we die in . "
Carlyle spoke of the " calamitous " nature of work " .
How different this from our modern view of work as a form of self - realization or the means through which we shall achieve the deliverance of prosperity .
Carlyle and Ruskin insisted time and again on the moral nature of economic relations and for that reason rejected the amoral , economic determinism of both Smith and Marx .
Even Carlyle 's foolish defence of slavery was essentially on the basis that it was an institution in which one person 's duty to another was not obliterated , while the economic relations of capitalism dismissed such a duty as outdated and an encumbrance to progress .
Yet while Carlyle and Ruskin are pessimists , they are not prophets of despair .
The paradox of optimism is that it increases hopelessness .
The great optimistic revolutions of 1789 and 1917 descended into the hopelessness of terror and totalitarianism .
Mrs Thatcher was elected in 1979 and kept in power throughout the eighties on a great wave of optimism : Britain could be great again ; the state could be rolled back ; the individual could flourish .
The reality has been continued relative economic decline , mass unemployment , rising crime , drug pushers in school playgrounds , bitter social division , a loss of faith in the power of democracy to effect change .
The despair at the heart of modern Britain flows directly from the foolish optimism that the free market can solve all human problems which is itself merely a disguise for the pursuit of a politics of cruelty .
When people are cajoled indoctrinated and educated to expect too much from the world they tend to lose the capacity to fight off despair when things go badly , and despair brings in its wake terrible evil .
A leaven of pessimism is indispensable to a view which can work for improvement while recognizing that every step forward brings inevitable peril and that the world is not so constituted that things will turn out for the best if only we believe they will .
Scepticism towards optimism is the best defence against hopelessness , but in order to give its due in our conception of things , we will have to examine and overturn centuries of resolutely optimistic thinking .
But on Wednesday , Japan ’s Transport Ministry said it had told Toyota to investigate 14 reports of momentary brake failure since the car went on sale in May .
Drivers complained that the brakes on the newest Prius momentarily stopped working at low speeds , especially on slippery surfaces , said Kenji Sato , a Transport Ministry official .
In one incident in July 2009 , a Prius crashed head - on into another vehicle at an intersection , hurting two people in that car .
In the United States , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has logged at least 136 complaints about the brakes on the 2010 Prius .
Many are from drivers who say the vehicle surged forward or temporarily lost braking after driving over a pothole or other uneven surface , and many say it is a recurring problem .
Four cases involved a crash , and two of those resulted in injuries , according to the safety agency ’s complaint database .
Ms. Takeuchi stressed that the newest Prius model was fitted with an overhauled regenerative brake system different from the ones used in previous models , which had not caused any complaints .
“ We are examining any complaints that we hear through our dealers , one by one , ” said Shinichi Sasaki , an executive at Toyota in charge of quality .
“ Only after that can we get back to our customers on possible improvement . ”
Experts say a possible problem with the regenerative brakes in the Prius raises a conundrum not just for Toyota but for the entire industry .
It is also bad news for environmental advocates who considered the technology one way to help improve fuel economy and reduce the contribution of automobiles to global warming .
Posted on by Richard Bartholomew
Warren Throckmorton has a couple of interesting posts ( here and here ) about Julius Oyet , one of the Ugandan neo-Pentecostal ministers who has played a significant role in bringing forward the proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill , while keeping a lower profile than Martin Ssempa and some of the other religious figures backing it :
Oyet is a self - designated Apostle and leader of the Lifeline Ministries .
He has found favor with President Museveni for praying against areas of Northern Uganda once controlled by the rebel Lord ’s Resistance Army .
Oyet ’s Born Again Federation in Uganda oversees over 10,000 churches and estimates 9 million Christians attend these churches .
Oyet promotes what is known as the “ 7 mountains strategy ” ; this is the belief that Christianity should advance in a society by taking control of seven domains :
To establish The Kingdom of God on the earth , we must claim and possess The Seven Mountains of Culture namely : Business , Government , Religion , Family , Media , Education and Entertainment .
This perspective is also shared by American “ spiritual warfare ” expert C. Peter Wagner , and Oyet has preached at a church in Atlanta whose pastor , Johnny Enlow , is the author of The Seven Mountain Prophecy and the Coming Elijah Revolution .
This book has been endorsed by Wagner ( whatever that ’s worth ) , and it features Enlow ’s views on homosexuality :
A Christian who espouses abortion rights or the validity of gay marriages , for example , is worthless as a “ Christian ” candidate .
If candidates do n’t understand righteous politics , they are n’t anointed for this mountain .
They may have enough Christianity in them to enter heaven , but they do n’t have enough Christianity to bring the rule and reign of God down to earth …
The world will come to learn , for example , that though God passionately loves every homosexual , remaining in that sin will cause someone to fall under the sword of His judgment .
Feelings do n’t validate a homosexual lifestyle any more than they validate a murderer ’s desire to kill … .
What comes to us naturally is sin …
The sooner we understand that God expects righteousness — regardless of what our innate tendencies tell us — the sooner we will be able to eliminate
His judgments from our personal and corporate lives .
One of the primary roles of future government leaders will be to instruct in righteousness .
The more God ’s judgments are poured out on earth , the more explicitly will they be able to give that instruction .
Throckmorton asked Enlow for a clarification about his views on how the law should relate to homosexuality , and received this response :
As to the question of whether governments should criminalize homosexuality as part of taking the mountain of government - this would only be a second best method of bringing awareness that the behavior of homosexuality is wrong .
This becomes a necessity only when the moral fiber of society has become so degraded that society itself is in need of knowing right and wrong .
For me , the point of criminalizing homosexuality is not to bring punishment to homosexuals but rather to inform society of right and wrong .
I would be against harsh punishments against homosexual activity between consenting adults and would not endorse capital punishment for this scenario…
The in - your - face activist homosexual agenda is of course generating it ’s own strong repercussions and backlashes and to the degree that they insist on forcing upon society their aberrations to that degree they will see increasing measures to limit their activism of a sin behavior .
Throckmorton goes on to clarify that :
I want to state clearly that I do not believe anyone in the 7 Mountains movement prompted the Ugandan legislators to write and offer this bill as an expression of the 7 mountains teaching .
However , according to Rev. Enlow , the concept of criminalization is consistent with his Apostle Wagner endorsed view of reclaiming the mountain of government .
Could leaders and members of the Ugandan Born Again Federation view this bill as a means to a Kingdom end ?
He notes this prophecy from Oyet , pronounced earlier this year :
God will judge evil in 2009 as mob justice will kill and destroy witches , thieves and evil people .
There will be lots of manifestation of Satanists and exposition of homosexuality and other evils in the Church , human sacrifice and all sorts of evil will manifest in the nations .
God ’s people will rise in full authority and dominion !
The righteous will march against evil and triumph over them all .
In Throckmorton ’s view , the context seems to be the religious promotion of “ national salvation ” over the traditional evangelical emphasis on individual salvation .
Incidentally , it ’s worth recalling that the “ 7 Mountains ” idea is also promoted by Thomas Muthee , the Kenyan evangelist known for having anointed Sarah Palin in 2005 .
Muthee has dispensed some “ mob justice ” of his own to “ destroy witches ” , as one of his victims attests .
And three women were burned to death as witches by “ mob justice ” in Uganda in 2007 .
UPDATE : Bruce Wilson has more :
The 2001 Transformations II , The Glory Spreads , portrayed the impact of supernatural transformation on governments in several locations including Uganda , and featured footage of a January 1 , 2000 stadium event initiated by First Lady Janet Museveni which dedicated Uganda to Jesus Christ through a 1,000 year covenant .
Transformations II claimed that reductions in the Ugandan AIDS rate were achieved both through abstinence only campaigns and thousands of cases of miraculous faith - healings of HIV .
Oyet also claims miracle cures of HIV , which he showcases on his ministry website .
… The 2005 Transformations video An Unconventional War , portrayed Julius Oyet as a hero who helped to end the suffering of Northern Uganda ’s Acholi people .
The video shows Oyet , at the request of President Museveni , supernaturally breaking the power of the Lord ’s Resistance Army .
When Oyet destroys the demonic altars which the video claims gave the rebel army supernatural powers , Acholi children the Lord ’s Resistance Army had kidnapped are miraculously returned to their parents .
But Robert Ochola - Lukwiya presents another view of Oyet in his Ph.D. dissertation on the Acholi Religious Leaders Peace Initiative – a multi-religious initiative that includes Christians and Muslims .
Ochola - Lukwiya reports that Oyet almost provoked a riot , during a 2004 revival crusade Oyet held in the Acholi district of Kitgum , when he called for participants to bring forward their rosary beads and condoms to be burned .
… Julius Oyet is head of the Uganda division of the College of Prayer , an Atlanta - based international leadership training ministry led by Fred Hartley III , for which Wagner and his Apostles have frequently taught courses .
Oyet presided over a series of 2009 high - profile prayer breakfasts billed as having the participation of dozens of Ugandan MPs and hundreds of Ugandan leaders .
An article on the College of Prayer website , titled “ COP Comes To Parliament , ” describes an April 16th , 2009 event during which a College of Prayer team personally prayed and “ prophesied ” over each of 50 attending Ugandan MPs .
… Toward the close of [ a bigger event soon afterwards ] , COP leaders selected eight MPs , including David Bahati , to serve in a College of Prayer “ servant leadership team ” in Uganda ’s parliament .
… Co-sponsoring the Anti Homosexuality Bill with David Bahati was Ugandan MP Benson Obua -Ogwal , who later attended a July 21 - 25 , 2009 conference that the College of Prayer held in Abidjan , Côte d’Ivoire , at which Julius Oyet played a leadership role .
I blogged the “ College of Prayer ” here .
Filed under : Uncategorized
Leave print - view Front page
1/28/2010 02:19:00 PM
posted by dkane
Race : A Social Destruction of a Biological Concept Race : A Social Destruction of a Biological Concept
What is the single best reference for refuting the notion that " race is only a social construct " for a non-scientist ?
I do n't know .
( Suggestions welcome in the comments . )
But
It is nowadays a dominant opinion in a number of disciplines ( anthropology , genetics , psychology , philosophy of science ) that the taxonomy of human races does not make much biological sense .
My aim is to challenge the arguments that are usually thought to invalidate the biological concept of race .
I will try to show that the way ‘ ‘ race ’ ’ was defined by biologists several decades ago ( by Dobzhansky and others ) is in no way discredited by conceptual criticisms that are now fashionable and widely regarded as cogent .
These criticisms often arbitrarily burden the biological category of race with some implausible connotations , which then opens the path for a quick eliminative move .
However , when properly understood , the biological notion of race proves remarkably resistant to these deconstructive attempts .
Moreover , by analyzing statements of some leading contemporary scholars who support social constructivism about race , I hope to demonstrate that their eliminativist views are actually in conflict with what the best contemporary science tells us about human genetic variation .
Nothing new for the GNXP faithful , but the presentation is clear and compelling throughout .
He opens with " Those who subscribe to the opinion that there are no human races are obviously ignorant of modern biology . "
--- Ernst Mayr , 2002 .
Great quote !
What is the single best reference for refuting the notion that " race is only a social construct " for a non-scientist ?
I do n't know .
( Suggestions welcome in the comments . )
But Neven Sesardic ( previously praised here ) does a marvelous job in " Race : A Social Destruction of a Biological Concept , " ( pdf ) Biology and Philosophy ( 2010 , forthcoming ) .
Nothing new for the GNXP faithful , but the presentation is clear and compelling throughout .
He opens with " Those who subscribe to the opinion that there are no human races are obviously ignorant of modern biology . "
--- Ernst Mayr , 2002 .
Great quote !
Haloscan Comments
Throughout history , man has struggled to make sense of the world around him , to explain phenomena that are beyond his capacity for understanding .
Full eclipses , Halley 's comet , plagues , droughts , floods -- you name it -- inspired legends and myths that , at their root , reduced the unfathomable to man 's level .
Such has been the case with Buster Douglas ' epic victory against Mike Tyson since the fighters met in the ring Feb. 11 , 1990 , in Tokyo .
To account for an upset of that magnitude -- the sports equivalent of an act of God -- a catalogue of myths was created , nurtured and popularized .
But now , 20 years after Tyson was counted out , the public needs to be disabused of its misimpressions .
The myths must be dispelled .
Myth No. 1 : Douglas was a no-talent bum
On the contrary , James " Buster " Douglas was a fighter of immense natural ability who had been undermined throughout his career only by a chronic lack of dedication .
His ample gifts included great size ( his hands are enormous ) , a devastating jab , quickness and power .
He defeated four men who were heavyweight champions at some point in their careers : Mike Tyson , Trevor Berbick , Oliver McCall and Greg Page .
Fighting Tony Tucker , who at the time was 34 - 0 , for the vacant IBF heavyweight title in 1987 , Douglas was winning the fight through nine rounds before Tucker knocked him out in the 10th .
In Tucker 's next fight , he went the distance in losing to Tyson .
About one out of every 100 kids suffers from phobia of costumed characters .
Typically , the fear is rooted in a sense that some harm or danger is going to come from this thing they do not understand .
Image
Kids who get bullied and snubbed by peers may be more likely to have problems in other parts of their lives , past studies have shown .
And now researchers have found at least three factors in a child 's behavior that can lead to social rejection .
The factors involve a child 's inability to pick up on and respond to nonverbal cues from their pals .
In the United States , 10 to 13 percent of school - age kids experience some form of rejection by their peers .
In addition to causing mental health problems , bullying and social isolation can increase the likelihood a child will get poor grades , drop out of school , or develop substance abuse problems , the researchers say .
" It really is an under - addressed public health issue , " said lead researcher Clark McKown of the Rush Neurobehavioral Center in Chicago .
And the social skills children gain on the playground or elsewhere could show up later in life , according to Richard Lavoie , an expert in child social behavior who was not involved with the study .
Unstructured playtime — that is , when children interact without the guidance of an authority figure — is when children experiment with the relationship styles they will have as adults , he said .
Underlying all of this : " The number one need of any human is to be liked by other humans , " Lavoie told LiveScience .
" But our kids are like strangers in their own land . "
They do n't understand the basic rules of operating in society and their mistakes are usually unintentional , he said .
Social rejection
In two studies , McKown and colleagues had a total of 284 children , ages 4 to 16 years old , watch movie clips and look at photos before judging the emotions of the actors based on their facial expressions , tones of voice and body postures .
Various social situations were also described and the children were questioned about appropriate responses .
The results were then compared to parent / teacher accounts of the participants ' friendships and social behavior .
Kids who had social problems also had problems in at least one of three different areas of nonverbal communication : reading nonverbal cues ; understanding their social meaning ; and coming up with options for resolving a social conflict .
A child , for example , simply may not notice a person 's scowl of impatience or understand what a tapped foot means .
Or she may have trouble reconciling the desires of a friend with her own .
" It is important to try to pinpoint the area or areas in a child 's deficits and then build those up , " McKown explained .
Ways to help
When children have prolonged struggles with socializing , " a vicious cycle begins , " Lavoie said .
Shunned children have few opportunities to practice social skills , while popular kids are busy perfecting theirs .
However , having just one or two friends can be enough to give a child the social practice he or she needs , he said .
Parents , teachers and other adults in a child 's life can help , too .
Instead of reacting with anger or embarrassment to a child who , say , asks Aunt Mindy if her new hairdo was a mistake , parents should teach social skills with the same tone they use for teaching long division or proper hygiene .
If presented as a learning opportunity , rather than a punishment , children usually appreciate the lesson .
" Most kids are so desperate to have friends , they just jump on board , " Lavoie said .
To teach social skills , Lavoie advises a five - step approach in his book " It 's So Much Work to Be Your Friend : Helping the Child with Learning Disabilities Find Social Success " ( Touchstone , 2006 ) .
The process works for children with or without learning disabilities and is best conducted immediately after a transgression has been made .
1 ) Ask the child what happened and listen without judgment .
2 ) Ask the child to identify their mistake .
( Often children only know that someone got upset , but do n't understand their own role in the outcome . )
3 ) Help the child identify the cue they missed or mistake they made , by asking something like : " How would you feel if Emma was hogging the tire swing ? "
Instead of lecturing with the word " should , " offer options the child " could " have taken in the moment , such as : " You could have asked Emma to join you or told her you would give her the swing after your turn . "
4 ) Create an imaginary but similar scenario where the child can make the right choice .
For example , you could say , " If you were playing with a shovel in the sand box and Aiden wanted to use it , what would you do ? "
5 ) Lastly , give the child " social homework " by asking him to practice this new skill , saying : " Now that you know the importance of sharing , I want to hear about something you share tomorrow . "
The studies are detailed in the current issue of the Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology .
They were funded by the Dean and Rosemarie Buntrock Foundation and the William T. Grant Foundation .
abraham lincoln was a honest refferee at cockfighting events .
Due to his honesty over the fights he soon developed the name Honest Abe .
Some one gave him the wrong amount of change , so he walked a long distance to give it to him .
Abe was also a well known cockpit referee .
He always judged everyone fairly , despite reputation of their fowl , and he never lied about a match .
Quite a few of the other FOUNDING FATHERS were well into chicken fighting .
Let 's take a look at the front page of a newspaper from 1897 to see in which areas we 've made progress over the past century and a bit , and which areas have remained mostly the same ( or even regressed ) .
For some context , this is what New York looked like at the time :
The newspaper is the Hornellsville Weekly Tribune , from September 24 , 1897 .
First we have a bit on a movement to oppose bachelor politicians .
Opposing politicians for personal reasons ( not married , married and cheated , does n't seem to spend enough time with family , etc. ) is a common practice today as well so no real change there .
The next interesting article does n't have anything to do with progress or the lack of it but deserves a mention for sheer badassery .
Then there 's Chicago 's polite policeman .
Similar stories can be found today as well , and this is just a single story so no insight here into any general trends .
The next one looks like it came straight from the Onion .
Safe to say there has been a lot of progress in this area over a century .
The next article gives us a glimpse of a prison from Queen Elizabeth 's day .
No insight into prisons from 1897 here but it 's still an interesting read .
In modern times Norway for example is famous for its focus on rehabilitation over punishment in its prisons , although lenient prisons certainly are n't a completely modern invention .
Adolf Hitler wrote Mein Kampf in a pretty comfortable prison too back in 1924 .
Back then most predicted that after the Putsch he had been tamed and his movement brought to an end , and that he would n't stir up trouble again .
The next is on slum work in London .
London has certainly improved since then , although some other cities ( Detroit is a good example ) have gotten much worse recently .
Statistical information though shows that there is a general improvement in most areas , with longer lifespans greater literacy , and less poverty in most parts of the world over time .
Nearing the end of the page we reach a section called Purely Personal , with some interesting tidbits about just about everything .
All of them are pretty normal except # 2 ( the last word there is ) , which again would only be seen in the Onion today .
Finally , down in the corner we have two ads .
How much of the page do they take up ?
Let 's zoom out and take a look at the information to ad ratio .
The trailer of the first anal
The trailer of the first anal
Quick suck and fuck at the office
Quick suck and fuck at the office
My Girlfriend ’s Mom Wants Me
My Girlfriend ’s Mom Wants Me
Amateur working her pussy with hand and toy
Amateur working her pussy with hand and toy
A little shy but still very hot to watch
A little shy but still very hot to watch
She is great at giving handys
She is great at giving handys
FPS : She gets a huge load on her face
FPS : She gets a huge load on her face
Send us your birds
Have you got something we should definitely share ?
Contact us !
“ I had a very good experience with your firm .
Everyone was very organized [ and ] knew exactly what was going on .
Even the two secretaries were always very helpful .
Joe Huttemann was very polite too .
I will definitely refer people to you and I will use you again if I need to .
Thank you again for all your help . ”
Deanna R .
Update : Significant snow likely Tues . - Wed .
By Dan Stillman
* Winter Storm Watch Tues.- Wed. for most of metro area ( map ) *
* Watch out for ice dams | E-mail this forecast to a friend *
* Measuring Snowmageddon 's depth | NWS totals | CWG snow reports *
* Power outage maps for Dominion Electric | Pepco | BG&E *
* News , traffic & storm coverage : Local home page | Get There *
The snowy scene out there is stunning , but I know for a lot of people enough is enough .
Like it or not , the reality is that the latest information this evening points to a moderate , if not major in some places , snowstorm Tuesday into Wednesday .
It 's exciting news for snow fans who are no doubt giddy about the prospect of this winter becoming D.C. 's second snowiest on record ( need only around 1 inch to surpass the current No. 2 : 46.0 " in 1995 - 96 ) or the snowiest on record ( need about 9 inches to pass the current No. 1 : 54.4 " in 1898 - 99 ) , but sobering for those still without power or still unable to get out of their neighborhood .
So , how much snow are we talking , and when ?
The next storm : Precipitation , primarily snow as it looks now but maybe mixed with sleet at the start , is on track to arrive Tuesday afternoon or evening .
Snow , or briefly a snow / sleet mix , may be on the light side at first before probably becoming moderate to heavy overnight into Wednesday .
At least 4 inches is looking like a decent bet , with 8 inches or more a possibility .
Here are our accumulation probabilities , which are likely to change as the storm gets closer :
15 % : Less than 2 "
25 % : 2 - 5 "
35 % : 5 - 8 "
25 % : 8 " +
Before the storm :
After a mostly clear and cold night tonight with lows in the mid-teens downtown , and low teens in the suburbs with some upper single digits in the coldest spots , temperatures struggle again tomorrow as they probably max out around 30 - 35 .
Cold again tomorrow night with lows mainly in the teens and clouds increasing overnight or toward morning .
Under cloudy skies , Tuesday highs should make the low - to - mid 30s before precipitation arrives by afternoon or evening .
SchoolCast ( Mon. ) ( D.C. schools , which earlier announced a 2 - hour delay , now indicates they will close )
FedCast ( Mon . )
LOVELAND —
If you ’ve ever found your way on the ski slopes , chances are you used Jim Niehues ’ work .
When his mother gave her teenage son an oil - painting set during his three - month , on- his - back bout with nephritis , she stirred an artist .
Fifty years later , Niehues is the world ’s most prolific ski-map illustrator , having hand - painted more than 220 resort trail maps .
“ You can always look at a trail map and tell it ’s his without looking for a name .
You just feel like you are looking at the place , ” says Powderhorn ski area chief Steve Bailey , who recently enlisted Niehues to paint his area ’s trail map .
“ Jim is the Norman Rockwell of ski resorts . ”
After almost 25 years of illustrating snowy slopes , 63 - year - old Niehues ( pronounced KNEE - hews ) still spends weeks on each painstakingly sketched and water - colored painting .
The modest studio in the basement of his Loveland home is lined with sliding cabinets stocked with hundreds of his maps and illustrations .
He pulls out his favorites .
There ’s Idaho ’s now - dormant Tamarack , with snow - soaked trees awash in pink sunlight .
“ Since it was the first new ski area in a long , long time , I thought the sunrise showed the dawning of a new area , ” he says .
Capturing lay of land
Niehues does n’t just paint ski areas , although the millions of his trail maps distributed by resorts across the world are certainly the fount of his fame .
He has done dozens of regional maps , illustrations of golf courses and resort villages and magazine - commissioned landscapes .
Yosemite is one of his favorites , with misting waterfalls dotting the craggy park .
In the corner of his studio , tucked behind shelves of labeled shoe boxes holding thousands of his photos snapped during airborne reconnaissance that precedes each map , Niehues is working on a map of Great Smoky Mountains National Park .
The painting is exploring his capability with the color green .
There are few rocky outcroppings or peculiar peaks in the heavily treed park .
These days , Niehues is venturing into all sorts of regional maps , such as hiking trails in Rocky Mountain National Park , 4×4 trails near Rangely and even underwater vistas at Turtle Island Resort in Fiji .
Google , he says , with its satellite maps and instant imagery , is sapping demand for his ski maps .
“ If you go out skiing , part of the enjoyment is the scenery .
Just enjoying what the outdoors are all about , ” he says .
“ You do n’t get that from a computerized satellite image .
I can get more variety with one brush stroke than any computer program . ”
And , to the delight of ski-resort operators , his maps always reflect the hill on its best day .
No beetle - kill , packed parking lots or drought conditions in Niehues ’ maps .
“ It ’s always the best snow of the year .
It ’s always sunny and bright .
There ’s a little frost on the trees , and the runs are looking great , ” says Mike Larson , who helped develop Beaver Creek , one of Niehues ’ first big gigs .
“ It takes a special touch to take something very complicated and simplify it down to something that is usable and guest - friendly . ”
Niehues ’ subtle use of shading depicts a run ’s steepness , helping make sure skiers do n’t find themselves in too - difficult terrain .
Gladed runs are easily identifiable , where dark forests appear impenetrable .
Before sketching begins , Niehues gathers photographs and maps .
He begins a pencil sketch , starting with obvious markers such as mountains and streams .
Then he uses his aerial photographs to draw specific features and shaded terrain .
Usually , the sketching takes about a week , and the painting can take up to three more weeks .
A safe job , mentor
It was Dora , his wife of 26 years , who prodded Niehues to pursue his dream .
He always loved to paint but , in raising four kids , had chosen the safest path toward income .
Living near the farm where he grew up in Loma , Niehues worked in Grand Junction as an artist for an advertising firm .
He owned a graphic - design shop .
Then in the 1980s , he met Bill C. Brown , Colorado ’s legendary ski-map artist .
Brown took Niehues in and offered him a job painting Winter Park ’s Mary Jane .
With four kids and a mortgage , Niehues would wake at 2 a.m. and labor over the Mary Jane map , painting for several hours before going to work as a designer of courtroom displays for attorneys .
When Brown scaled back and Niehues landed a job painting Vail Mountain , he went all - in on ski-map illustrating .
Since 1986 , he has hand - drawn 358 maps and illustrations .
While he has gotten better since those early days , he ’s not that much faster .
As he leans closer into the Smoky Mountains map with what appears to be a two - bristle paint brush , he recalls the advice Brown offered as he began his career .
Says Niehues : “ Bill always said , ‘ Whatever you end up with , you have to live with for years , ’ “
Jason Blevins : 303-954-1374 or jblevins@denverpost.com
A Feb. 22 story about ski map artist Jim Niehues quoted a Vermont ski map seller who Neihues says is selling his maps without permission .
Niehues has no connection with the Vermont company .
This is way beyond my very limited geek expertise .
But everybody keeps emailing it to me .
So Jaron Pitts , who made the “ amazing ” fan trailer for The Green Lantern is back again , this time creating a fake trailer for a live action remake of anime film Technotise .
Pitts writes on his YouTube page that he made the trailer at the behest of some Hollywood producers .
Funny , how both trailers are for Warner Bros movies …
Just another viral video campaign from the marketing plan :
And here ’s his Green Lantern video , too :
January 13 , 2010
THE FRENCH radical philosopher and political leader Daniel Bensaïd died Tuesday morning after fighting a painful cancer for several months at the end of close to 15 years of living with AIDS .
One of the key figures of the French student revolt of 1968 , Bensaïd was a prominent founding member of the Ligue Communiste Révolutionnaire ( LCR ) , along with Alain Krivine .
He remained in the leadership of this organization , an affiliate of the Trotskyist Fourth International , until he was struck by illness .
Bensaïd continued nevertheless to play a central role as a contributor to the political thinking of his movement , including in the creation of the 10,000 - member Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste ( NPA ) , represented by Olivier Besancenot , the well - known young postal worker and occasional presidential candidate .
Daniel Bensaïd was an embodiment of the French revolutionary tradition -- one of his books published on the 200th anniversary of the 1789 French Revolution bore the title Moi la Révolution ( I , the Revolution ) .
He was fond of radicalized Jacobinism -- the legacy of that revolution represented by Babeuf and Blanqui - - which he combined with libertarian sympathies in reference to the 1871 Paris Commune .
Yet he was deeply internationalist .
He was especially involved in developments within the radical left in Latin America through the Fourth International , thanks to his command of Spanish and Portuguese .
He saw in Russian Bolshevism the heir of radical Jacobinism and defended Lenin 's legacy against the sweeping critical reassessments that followed the collapse of the Soviet Union .
He was also a fierce representative of this very specific feature of French radicalism : thorough secularism .
Two of his latest books bore titles referring to this aspect of his thinking : Fragments mécréants ( An Unbeliever 's Discourse ) and Eloge de la politique profane ( In Praise of Secular Politics ) .
His most important theoretical work , Marx l'intempestif , was published in 1995 .
The book was translated into English and published in 2002 under the title A Marx for Our Times : Adventures and Misadventures of a Critique .
It offered an unconventional reading of Marx , clearing him of the accusation of determinism .
The book signaled Bensaïd 's recognition as a public intellectual , a frequent author of op - eds in Le Monde and Libération , and a regular guest of intellectual radio and TV talk shows .
Bensaïd 's first book was published in 1968 , co-authored with Henri Weber ( afterward a Socialist Party member of Senate ) .
Its title , Mai 68 , une répétition générale ( May 68 : A Dress Rehearsal ) , spoke volumes about the spirit of the times .
After his book for the bicentennial of the French Revolution , he published works on Walter Benjamin and on the figure of Joan of Arc , the latter work influenced by Charles Péguy 's interpretation .
He took up this seemingly eclectic range of topics in the context of the melancholy created by the post -1989 international political shift , with the ideological assault on Marxism and the triumphalism of the global neoliberal drive .
One of Bensaïd 's later books will indeed be titled Le Pari mélancolique ( The Melancholic Wager ) .
Ever since he contracted AIDS , believing that his days were numbered , Bensaïd set out to write and publish at an impressive speed : close to 20 books of various sizes and on various topics in 15 years , from his 1995 book on Marx until his death .
At the same time , he confronted death most bravely : a revolutionary who fought steadfastly to his very last breath .
Top-rated Fox News host Bill O’Reilly is poised for another blockbuster showing this week when “ The Daily Show ’s ” Jon Stewart makes his second appearance ever on “ The O’Reilly Factor . ”
Stewart , who regularly jabs at Fox News and O’Reilly on his Comedy Central show , will tape an interview with the cable news host that will air Wednesday and Thursday .
The network said the interview will cover an array of topics including President Obama , the political landscape and media bias .
The comedian last appeared on the program in September 2004 , when he made fun of O’Reilly ’s call for a boycott of France and O’Reilly mocked the “ stoned slackers ” he said watch Stewart ’s program .
O’Reilly has appeared on “ The Daily Show ” three times , most recently in November 2008 .
— Matea Gold
Athens , Greece ( CNN ) --
The size and scale of the protests in Greece are hard to ignore .
Athenians filled Constitution Square in the heart of the capital protesting the austerity measures being put forward by the government of George Papandreou .
This is his first major test on the ground since taking office last autumn .
It is quite easy to be swept up into the strike action in Greece and the other labor protests we have been witnessing in Europe this week from the airline sector ( Lufthansa and British Airways ) to the energy sector ( French giant Total ) , but it would be a mistake to see them as classic disputes over wages .
In Greece , Spain , Portugal and Italy protests go right to the heart of what many in the labor movement and broader society see as a birthright -- to continue to enjoy benefits that in today 's globalized world are disappearing fast .
Taking Greece for example , investors saw the recent strike by Ministry of Finance workers as somewhat ironic since they are the very members of the civil service who are at the forefront of the restructuring plan itself .
It is not often discussed , but many government workers enjoy preferential tax rates , can retire at the age of 54 ( in some cases earlier ) and enjoy 14 months of pay for 12 months worked .
The Papandreou government is trying to reign in some of those policies , but as leader of the socialist movement Pasok those that brought him into power were not expecting changes to what they consider sacred covenants of their day - to - day existence .
In today 's crisis , no one is really arguing about sacrifice , but how deep the pain will be .
The strike is an effort to carve a line in the marble so to speak .
As this Greek drama plays out with huge consequences for the country 's people and finances , there are many in Frankfurt , Paris and Brussels who are looking back at the brief history of the Euro and what led to this " Southern Med " crisis .
One of the key architects of European monetary union , former European Commission Jacques Delors saw the launch of the Euro as a path to deeper political union .
With a much bigger vision in mind , those who hurried this process along after the fall of communism and expansion of the European Union from 12 to 27 members overlooked or ignored both the generous entitlements and , worst still , the levels of corruption and tax avoidance that permeate these economies .
In December , Papandreou admitted to other European Union leaders that " systemic corruption " was at the heart of the Greek crisis and said his government intended to take " harsh measures " to root it out .
The Euro without contention has created both stability and wealth in Southern Europe .
In the past decade citizens have been lulled into believing that a price wo n't have to be extracted for Europe turning a blind eye to the misdeeds .
As they take to the streets in protest , they are finding out that the lenient times are drawing to an end .
WASHINGTON — Three days after an extraordinary forum moderated by President Obama to bridge the gulf between Democrats and Republicans over a health care , leaders of both parties drew clearer lines in the sand on Sunday .
As they did so , the months - long confrontation over health care seemed to lurch closer to the use by Democrats of a controversial parliamentary maneuver for passage .
President Obama spent hours on Thursday with Republicans and Democrats at a session aimed at finding common ground .
But the Republican Senate leader , Mitch McConnell , said Sunday that there was probably no way Mr. Obama could win a single Republican vote , even if he were to remake his health - care plan .
And another senior Republican , Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , warned that Democratic use of the maneuver known as reconciliation , requiring 51 votes for Senate passage , would amount to “ political kamikaze , ” exploding in the Democrats ’ faces in the November mid-term elections .
If a pregnant woman does not have enough folic acid ( also known as vitamin B9 ) in her body at the very beginning of her pregnancy , then her fetus may suffer these neural tube defects .
That ’s why doctors give folic acid to women who plan to become pregnant .
Image Nicholas D. Kristof Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Equally important is another micronutrient , iodine .
The worst consequence of iodine deficiency is n’t goiters , but malformation of fetuses ’ brains , so they have 10 to 15 points permanently shaved off their I.Q.’s .
Then there ’s zinc , which reduces child deaths from diarrhea and infections .
There ’s iron , lack of which causes widespread anemia .
And there ’s vitamin A : some 670,000 children die each year because they do n’t get enough vitamin A , and lack of the vitamin remains the world ’s leading cause of childhood blindness .
“ In the early stages of life , the die is cast , ” said David Dodson , the founder of Project Healthy Children , an aid group that fights micronutrient deficiencies in Honduras and other poor countries .
“ If a child is not getting the right micronutrients , the effect is permanent . ”
Nine years ago , Mr. Dodson was simply an American businessman running a 300 - employee waste company that he had founded .
Then he happened to visit Honduras and , in a hospital , encountered a mother whose newborn baby had a hole in the skull .
He learned that negligible amounts of folic acid would prevent such heartbreaking defects  and his life was transformed .
“ I had never seen anything in my life that could have so much impact for so little money and be sustainable , ” Mr. Dodson said .
He and his wife , Stephanie , sold their company and used some of the proceeds to start Project Healthy Children .
The most cost - effective way to distribute micronutrients is n’t to hand them out .
Mary Flores , a former Honduran first lady who is active in nutrition , notes that impoverished women can be hard to reach , and even if they are given folic acid pills they sometimes wo n’t take them for fear that they actually are birth control pills .
So micronutrients instead are often added to such common foods as salt , sugar , flour or cooking oil .
I 'm going to get in so much trouble with this .
Ca n't wait to try the bacon salt , oh shit it's not regular bacaon salt , it 's PEPPERED Bacon Salt .
Fuck yeah !
I have brisket cooking right now that I 'm going to try it on tonight !
Dystopian novels — stories of the horrific future — are so common as to be almost forgettable .
Here is a compilation of what I believe are the 16 greatest of the genre .
I could happily list twice as many that are amazing , but these are the best .
From the post - apocalyptic wasteland to deadly viruses to social malaise , all possible bad futures end here .
16 . That Hideous Strength by CS Lewis
Best known for his Narnia novels , CS Lewis also wrote a trilogy dealing with visiting other planets — well , the first two books did .
The third was about preventing the evil forces of industrialization and progressive thought from taking over England .
It was also grossly misogynistic .
It seems Lewis was a big fan of the “ women belong in the kitchen ” mindset .
For all its occasional stodginess and backwardness , it is , at times , still a rousing piece about the difficulties of modernity , and the damage it can do the world around you .
15 . The Handmaid ’s Tale by Margaret Atwood
Wow , can you get more polar opposite of CS Lewis than Margaret Atwood ?
Despite her protestations of not writing science fiction , her story of a dystopian future where almost all women are infertile is most assuredly of the genre .
It ’s set in a future where disease and radiation have reduced fertility to a minimum , and a fascist military theocracy has taken over America ( or at least part of it ) .
Brutal in its critique of evangelist Christianity and their view on women , Handmaid ’s Tale is a harrowing read at the best of times .
In it , women have essentially been reduced to chattels , and the few fertile ones assigned to high - ranking military men in order to give them children .
14 . The Sword of Spirits Trilogy by John Christopher
While perhaps not as well known as some , John Christopher ( the pen name of Samuel Youd ) wrote a fantastic trilogy of young adult novels , set in a far future where the world has reverted to a feudal society after a global ecological disaster .
This was the same pen name under which Youd wrote the excellent Tripods trilogy , but in my opinion , the Sword of Spirits remains a greater work .
His world - building and subtle hints at the past are unparalleled .
It ’s not even hinted at for most of the first novel , instead just stranding you in what seems to be a standard fantasy stereotype .
13 . World War Z : An Oral History of the Zombie War by Max Brooks
This novel , combined with Brooks ’ Zombie Survival Guide are all you need to face the inevitable zombie apocalypse .
They ’ll teach you well .
While the survival guide was exactly that , WWZ was presented as an oral history , an account taken for the UN by the survivors of the horrors of zombies .
Brooks did a huge amount of research for this novel and approached it as a realistic governmental , technological , and political take on what would happen if the dead really did rise .
It is , without a doubt , an utterly terrifying concept , and Brooks approaches it with aplomb , showing us what a world partly overrun by the risen dead would be like .
12 . V for Vendetta by Alan Moore and David Lloyd
I ’m sure by now everyone ’s seen the movie version of this classic comic , and I hate to sound like Comic Book Guy , but the graphic novel was far , far superior .
Where the movie was an argument for democracy against fascism — hardly a contested view ; the comic was an argument for anarchy .
And not the daft 12 - year - old kid , but actual , well - realized anarchy , involving the destruction of the Government in order to build a new society .
It was radical and probing .
The novel also had to cut many of the more interesting minor characters and smooth over the development of others .
An obvious example is the character of Evey , who in the movie started as a strong independent woman .
In the comic , she was a terrified teenager , who only gained self - confidence through V absolutely destroying her spirit .
11 . Neuromancer by William Gibson
Lets just throw all of Gibson ’s cyberpunk in here , shall we ?
He could easily take half the list otherwise .
Neuromancer was seminal in the establishment of the sadly defunct cyberpunk genre , the cold war era view of the future as a dirty high tech shithole where everyone ’s a bastard .
Not quite sure why people do n’t still think that way .
Anyway , Gibson famously wrote Neuromancer on a typewriter , which is more than a touch ironic .
With this novel , he explored artificial intelligence , virtual reality , urban sprawl , genetic engineering , and generally gave people the heebie - jeebies about the future .
It also has possibly the most famous opening sentence in modern literature : “ The sky above the port was the color of television , tuned to a dead channel . ”
10 . Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? by Philip K. Dick
What I said before about Gibson taking up the entire list ?
Ibid for Dick .
Fueled by drugs , paranoia , hallucinations , and excellent writing he crafted many a world populated by police states and extreme surveillance .
Androids is one of the better - known ones , if only because the excellent Blade Runner was based on ( part ) of it .
In a world where almost all animals are extinct and humans are radiation damaged , society comes to rely on empathy as the holiest of human traits .
Eventually , it becomes the only way to tell humans from increasingly advanced , but always heartless , androids .
It ’s a heady take on what it means to be human and the nature of self .
9 . The Book of The New Sun by Gene Wolfe
I ’ve waxed lyrical about the Book of the New Sun before , and I ’m not going to hesitate to do so again .
Wolfe ’s four - volume future history is without a doubt one of the most under - appreciated works of modern science fiction .
Its use of neologisms based on existing language structure , the imperfect narrator , and the incredibly detailed but only ever vaguely explained world all combine into an amazing story .
The concept of the entire quadrilogy being a diary cast back into time from the distant future is a device I ’ve never seen used elsewhere .
The world Wolfe constructs is filled with amazing details which are only ever mentioned in passing as if everyone should know them .
It ’s a planet where miners dig up old technology instead of minerals .
Or where an entire mountain range has been carved up so that every peak commemorates a dead ruler .
It ’s one of the few pieces of science fiction that I know of that ’s had entire books dedicated to its analysis .
A magnificent series of novels that are worth getting hold of .
8. A Canticle for Leibowitz by Walter M. Miller , Jr.
Another post - nuclear novel ( wow , sensing a trend here ? ) , set in the 26th century ( and beyond ) about an order of monks attempting to save what remains of humanities learning and technology , by keeping and transcribing books .
Over the course of a thousand years , from the anti-intellectual backlash following the nuclear war , through new enlightenment , and to the onset of nuclear holocaust again , the priests of the Albertian Order of Leibowitz struggle to preserve and protect knowledge they only barely understand .
It mulls over symbolism and themes of the circular and repetitive nature of history .
Alphas and Omegas , A’s and Z’s .
He also spends considerable time mulling over the differences between secular and religious institutions , as well as the separation of church and state .
It ’s definitely an example of post - WWII / Cold War -era fears about the future but manages to remain undated .
7. Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury
Bradbury ’s dystopia of book burning and universal censorship was written in an attempt to communicate how he thought television would destroy literacy , and the damaging effects of censorship .
The novel is focussed on literal book burning , and the censorship and suppression of literature are often brought up as the theme of the book , but in a later interview , Bradbury maintained it was actually that television would remove all desire for people to read , and gain knowledge .
That the populace themselves would support the destruction of books , and be happy to reduce their knowledge to factoids without context .
Wow , oddly prescient .
Luckily the internet has us reading large amounts of text every day , even if it just is “ lol noobz ! ” .
6. I Am Legend by Richard Matheson
The novel , not the shitty Will Smith movie .
The movie pissed me off immensely , as it completely missed the point of the story .
Matheson ’s story was about vampires , not freaking zombies .
It was brutal , misogynistic , and bitterly , bitterly sad .
Robert Neville is possibly the only uninfected human being left on earth , who struggles to survive in Los Angeles , venturing out during the day , and dealing with his alcoholism , regrets and rampaging vampires at night .
A big chunk of the novella is his slow and methodical learning of science so that he can understand what causes the vampirism .
As tempted as I am to spoiler the novel ’s end ( and the title ’s relevance ) , let ’s just say it ’s much better than Will Smith ’s version and puts an excellent spin on monster myths .
5. Brave New World by Aldous Huxley
I ’m sure by now everyone ’s read Huxley ’s far - future novel of constant orgies , drugs , and television .
Huh , that actually sounds kinda nice , does n’t it ?
Well , apart from the sleep learning , rigid caste structures , and complete removal of reproductive rights .
Henry T. Ford is worshiped , and his views on production and the assembly line extend to human beings as well .
It ’s a brutal critique of a thoughtless society , obsessed with consumerism and sex rather than anything deeper , and one that views any permanent connection between people as bordering on pornographic .
Considering it was written in 1931 , it seems quite prescient ( as much good dystopian fiction does ) , and stands as a self - inflicted counter - point to the rigid dystopia of our next entry …
4. Nineteen Eighty - Four by George Orwell
While Brave New World cast the horrific future as a soporific world where everyone chose their own downfall by caring more about pleasures of the flesh than their fellow man , 1984 was the opposite — a totalitarian dictatorship enforced by constant surveillance , propaganda , and jackbooted thugs .
Often taken as an anti-communist rant , 1984 is a warning about the dangers of totalitarianism , regardless of its origins .
It ’s such a pervasive view of a dystopian future , that so much of our lexicon to deal with the concept is drawn directly from this novel : Orwellian , Big Brother , Newspeak .
Without 1984 , what else would we have to compare Governments to when they did something we slightly disagreed with ?
3. A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess
There are two ways to read Clockwork Orange : you can either look at the glossary explaining the combination of Russian , English schoolboy , and constructed slang every five seconds , or you can just read it through and hope to pick up the vocabulary as you go .
Sure Burgess was a pompous windbag , but he also crafted an excellent tale of drug abuse , ultraviolence , and aversion therapy .
This is one of the few situations where I ’ll recommend the film as being as excellent as the novel , as it was one of Kubrick ’s finest — except in one regard .
American versions of the novel printed before 1986 were missing a final chapter , which Kubrick was n’t aware of .
In it , Alex grows tired of violence and drugs and decides to settle down and start a family with a normal job .
While it may sound like a cop -out ending , it focuses far more on the banality of evil , and how people who do utterly reprehensible things in their early days can become functional members of society .
2. The Road by Cormac McCarthy
There ’s bleak , then there ’s freaking Cormac McCarthy .
McCarthy boils down the essence of a post - apocalyptic dystopia to its bare bones , completely omitting almost all details .
There are a father and son , who are never named .
There was a nuclear disaster , and almost all plants and animals are dead , with humans mainly reduced to cannibalism .
They ’re trying to get somewhere warmer ( and hopefully better ) before winter hits , and the father is slowly dying of radiation poisoning .
While the ending has the slightest possible glimmer of hope , the rest is just ash - filled skies , storms , and people torturing and eating one another .
For all its stark bleakness , it still won the Pulitzer Prize in 2007 , which should give you an indication of its pedigree .
1. The Diamond Age , or A Young Lady ’s Illustrated Primer by Neal Stephenson
It ’s hard to classify any of Stephenson ’s tomes without just sighing , shrugging your shoulders , saying “ It ’s Neal Stephenson ” and preparing to slog through hundreds upon hundreds of pages .
And you know what ?
It ’s always worth it .
Stephenson ’s post - cyberpunk love letter to Victoriana , odd social structures , nanotech , and — most importantly — learning is enough to make anyone want to go out and make textbooks .
Yeah , that ’s how damn good it is , it makes you want to show people how to learn .
It ’s impossible to heap enough praise on Stephenson , and his nuanced critiques of the interactions of societies .
So …just … get the book .
Read eat .
Savor it .
Let it dissolve into you , and absorb it .
It ’s worth it .
Austrian Multi-Millionare Karl Rabeder Sells Off Fortune and Gives Proceeds to Charity
Karl Rabeder , a multi-millionare businessman from Austria , recently decided to trade in his luxury life for simplicity , and is donating the proceeds of all of his possessions to a microfinance charity .
At the age of 47 , most people are still working to obtain their dream homes .
But Karl Rabeder , an Austrian businessman , owned both a stunning lakeside chalet in the Alps and a beautiful stone farmhouse in Provence , France .
He also had a luxury Audi A8 sportscar and 6 gliders — as well as a successful furnishing business that had made him millions .
Now , all of his luxurious trappings are either gone or up for sale .
You might guess that Rabeder got too greedy , fell into debt , and is now paying the price , but in fact , his sacrifice is completely voluntary : “ My idea is to have nothing left .
Absolutely nothing , ” he told The Daily Telegraph .
“ Money is counterproductive – it prevents happiness to come . ”
Born to a poor family , Rabeder had become wealthy through a combination of luck and hard work .
But as he became more and more successful , instead of enjoying his wealth , he began feeling troubled by his luxurious life .
A three - week Hawaiian vacation with his wife was the breaking point .
“ In those three weeks , we spent all the money you could possibly spend , ” he said .
But in all that time , we had the feeling we had n’t met a single real person – that we were all just actors .
The staff played the role of being friendly and the guests played the role of being important and nobody was real . ”
Meanwhile , he became aware of the huge chasm between his life and the lives of people in developing countries , who lack basic necessities like food and clean water .
So he recently made a drastic decision : to sell off everything he owned , and give all of the proceeds to the microfinance charity he had launched , which helped people in South America launch their own businesses .
Rabeder has handed off his lucrative company .
He ’s already sold his gliders , and his two homes are on the market now .
His next home will be something small , simple , and cheap .
And does he have even a hint of regret about giving up all of his possessions ?
Does n’t seem that way : these days , Rabeder says , he feels “ free , the opposite of heavy . ”
Tiny Kivalina , Alaska , does not have a hotel , a restaurant or a movie theater .
But it has a very big lawsuit that might affect the way the nation deals with climate change .
Kivalina , an Inupiat Eskimo village of 400 perched on a barrier island north of the Arctic Circle , is accusing two dozen fuel and utility companies of helping to cause the climate change that it says is accelerating the island ’s erosion .
Blocks of sea ice used to protect the town ’s fragile coast from October on , but “ we do n’t have buildup right now , and it is January , ” said Janet Mitchell , Kivalina ’s administrator .
“ We live in anxiety during high - winds seasons . ”
The village wants the companies , including ExxonMobil , Shell Oil , and many others , to pay the costs of relocating to the mainland , which could amount to as much as $ 400 million .
The Chinese refuse to acknowledge the problem .
Recently Wen Jiabao , the prime minister , dismissed foreign complaints : “ On one hand , you are asking for the yuan to appreciate , and on the other hand , you are taking all kinds of protectionist measures . ”
Indeed : other countries are taking ( modest ) protectionist measures precisely because China refuses to let its currency rise .
And more such measures are entirely appropriate .
Or are they ?
I usually hear two reasons for not confronting China over its policies .
Neither holds water .
First , there ’s the claim that we ca n’t confront the Chinese because they would wreak havoc with the U.S. economy by dumping their hoard of dollars .
This is all wrong , and not just because in so doing the Chinese would inflict large losses on themselves .
The larger point is that the same forces that make Chinese mercantilism so damaging right now also mean that China has little or no financial leverage .
Again , right now the world is awash in cheap money .
So if China were to start selling dollars , there ’s no reason to think it would significantly raise U.S. interest rates .
It would probably weaken the dollar against other currencies  but that would be good , not bad , for U.S. competitiveness and employment .
So if the Chinese do dump dollars , we should send them a thank - you note .
Second , there ’s the claim that protectionism is always a bad thing , in any circumstances .
If that ’s what you believe , however , you learned Econ 101 from the wrong people  because when unemployment is high and the government can’t restore full employment , the usual rules do n’t apply .
Let me quote from a classic paper by the late Paul Samuelson , who more or less created modern economics : “ With employment less than full ... all the debunked mercantilistic arguments ”  that is , claims that nations who subsidize their exports effectively steal jobs from other countries  “ turn out to be valid . ”
He then went on to argue that persistently misaligned exchange rates create “ genuine problems for free - trade apologetics . ”
The best answer to these problems is getting exchange rates back to where they ought to be .
But that ’s exactly what China is refusing to let happen .
The bottom line is that Chinese mercantilism is a growing problem , and the victims of that mercantilism have little to lose from a trade confrontation .
So I ’d urge China ’s government to reconsider its stubbornness .
Otherwise , the very mild protectionism it ’s currently complaining about will be the start of something much bigger .
In market terms , Medicaid exists to cover people who are too poor to buy private health insurance .
And Medicare exists , again in market terms , to insure a population that private health insurance deemed uninsurable ( i.e. too expensive ) .
If Medicare and Medicaid established suitable framing for the private insurance market to provide coverage for the “ middle ” then why does private insurance leave 47 million Americans uninsured ?
The obvious answer is that coverage is too expensive .
A review of employer - based health insurance by employer size illustrates this point in a couple of ways .
As the 2008 HHS Medical Expenditure Panel Survey indicates , the more employees a firm has on payroll the higher the likelihood that it offers health insurance .
Put another way , the more revenue a firm has the easier it is to afford to offer health insurance .
But something interesting appears when you look at what percent of these plans are fully insured ( pre- packaged health plan bought from an insurance company ) or self - insured .
Large employers are significantly more likely to self - insure than smaller employers .
The large companies , those with the most revenue , would rather go through the hassle of putting together a provider network , hiring a claims processor , and buying their own reinsurance because … it is cheaper than buying a fully insured plan from an insurance carrier !
PERSONAL ANECDOTE :
A client of mine was spending $ 25 million a year with a BCBS carrier that had significant market share in its home state .
After self - insuring two years ago , my client was able to keep costs level during year 1 ( instead of the 10 % increase that BCBS wanted for that year ) .
But that also gave us a year of data to review .
And we found that they were spending $ 4 million a year in emergency room visits .
Out of that $ 4 million , over 80 % was for non-emergent care .
This led the client to invest in an on - site clinic in year 2 that saved $ 4 in ER costs for every $ 1 spent on the clinic .
My client was able to provide better care at lower costs because it had access to its own claims data in a way that the BCBS carrier would never share with them because the carrier actually risked losing premium by doing so .
And the increasing margins of private insurance carriers has made self - insuring even more attractive .
Medical loss ratios - the percent of insurance premiums that go toward paying medical claims - have fallen from 95 % in 1993 to roughly 80 % today .
Here is the damning slide from the PricewaterhouseCoopers survey that ex-CIGNA executive Wendell Potter quoted from in his testimony to Congress :
This strength in pricing is caused by an utter lack of competition .
Most states are dominated by one or two carriers , as shown here :
Berkeley economist James Robinson 's influential study on consolidation of health insurers posits :
Outside health care , consolidation often signals a period of prosperity and decline , as the industry is spared both the rigors and the stimulus of competition .
A sustained period of high prices and profits in health insurance would result in continuing shrinkage in the number of firms purchasing coverage for employees , which eventually would engender a political backlash .
Lack of market competition leads insurers to essentially pass along all costs to the consumer with no financial risk to itself .
With no financial risk to itself running the plan or competitive risk of losing customers , the carrier has no incentive to reduce costs - with the experience of my client being a prime example .
This is how we see outsized profits in the private insurance industry - and the subsequent excessive compensation packages for their CEO's .
These profits and executive compensation paint a picture of health for the insurance companies that masks the long term prognosis - the collapse of the business model .
The predictability of insurance relies upon the law of large numbers .
Because of this , small employers will always be at a pricing disadvantage compared to large employers .
There just are n’t enough employees in a small group to spread the risk of catastrophic claims .
This has the effect of increasing prices for small firms relative to larger firms , even when the benefit plans are the same .
So if 80 % of large employers opt out of the fully insured market , you are left trying to spread costs of catastrophic claims across smaller and smaller firms .
That means higher overall insurance rates .
This has the perverse effect of driving more large firms out of the fully insured market ( knowing that they can do it themselves cheaper ) and pushing more small firms out of any insurance at all ( because they ca n’t afford it anymore ) .
So Graham ’s precious “ middle ” is getting smaller and smaller .
And Robinson 's supposition about the contraction of the market appears to be coming true .
From 1999 through 2008 , private - sector employment increased by just over 5 million employees .
The percentage of employees in the private sector who work for firms offering health insurance fell from 89.1 % to 87.7 % , primarily due to small firms dropping coverage because of affordability issues .
And the percentage of private - sector employees enrolled in self - insured plans jumped from 41.2 % to 55.2 % over those 10 years .
This expansion was driven exclusively by the largest employers moving massively into self - insurance , jumping from 57 % of employees in the largest firms covered by self - insurance in 1999 to a whopping 81.6 % in 2008 .
The net effect is that private insurance companies lost 9.5 million members from their insured business over the last 10 years , while employers have taken on the financial risk of an additional 8.2 million employees through self - insurance during that same period .
We do not have a healthy private insurance market in terms of sustainability .
What we are witnessing is the mass consolidation of carriers because they have no innovative way to grow organically .
They are only growing through acquisition while , as evidenced in the chart above , their realistic universe of customers is shrinking .
This is an industry that , absent major reform , will eventually collapse under its own weight of inefficiency and lack of innovation .
It will be the service industry 's version of the collapse of the US steel and auto industries .
Forcing private insurance carriers to provide coverage to people they deny coverage to today is necessary for universal coverage , but it will only serve to increase the rates they charge overall absent true competition or tight rate regulation .
As Robinson further notes :
Consolidation of local markets , substantial barriers to new entry , few substitute products , ability to pass on increased provider costs , and a paucity of purchaser pressure are transforming competition in the health insurance industry .
Further consolidation , and a further increase in entry barriers , is to be expected , as small local plans continue to sell out to the dominant carriers .
The regional investor - owned health plans could be acquisition targets , offering national carriers increased enrollment and further reducing the potential for price competition .
The Republicans want us to believe in the power of the free market .
But what the market is telling me is that private insurance companies are pricing themselves out of existence , and for those who can afford coverage , their insurance is likely to fail to protect them financially when they need it the most .
Insurance that is too expensive and does n't actually provide financial protection to its customers is n't a sound business practice .
The GOP fear that health care reform will kill private insurance .
The sad truth is that private insurance is already killing itself today - without reform .
The only way private insurance is going to get healthy is through rigorous regulation , consumer protections , and true competition .
Ask a veteran E - Harmony or Match.com user to list her peeves about online dating , and she ’ll surely mention the “ cropped - ex shot . ”
Why do so many people include pictures of themselves with seemingly unattached body parts — a slim bangled arm thrown around their shoulder , or hairy fingers around their waist ?
Those body parts , assumed to belong to an ex , are maddening in part because of what they do n’t reveal : the ex herself ( or himself ) .
That ’s because we rate another person ’s attractiveness , at least in part , on the attractiveness of his or her partner .
Researchers call this mate - choice copying .
As I detail in BLONDES , mate - choice copying happens in many animal species , and there ’s mounting evidence that human animals are no exception .
If that male has an attractive partner , then there must be something worthwhile about him .
It ’s a wisdom - of - crowds approach .
The latest mate - copying study , published by researchers at Duke University and the University of California Davis , involves 30 male and 30 female volunteers who all described themselves as straight .
One group of volunteers was then asked to rate the attractiveness of men and women pictured alone in photos .
Another group was then shown pictures of the same men and women paired together and asked how desirable they would find long - term relationships with members of the opposite sex in the pictures .
They were told the people in each photograph had been engaged in a long - term romantic relationship but their relationship ended .
These exes were not cropped out .
No surprise to evolutionary psychologists :
Both male and female volunteers rated people in the pictures as more desirable when they were paired next to attractive companions than when they were pictured alone .
This was true for both men and women .
By using cameras to track eye movements during the experiments , the researchers also saw that when volunteers spent more time looking at a potential mate ’s unattractive partner , they were less interested in that mate .
Interestingly , even though judges were only asked to rate the person of the opposite - sex , they all spent significant time looking at that person ’s partner .
Having a homely ex can hurt you .
The exception , the researchers found , is if you ’re a hot woman .
While women downgraded otherwise hot men if they were paired with a dumpy partner , men gave high ratings to the most attractive women regardless of their partners .
As found in other studies , women , generally the choosier and more cautious sex , are more likely to rely on social cues such as whether other women find the target guy attractive .
By no means does this warrant that you leave your ex , in full or in part , in your profile photo .
Unless your ex is your only asset .
Collaborate on apps with your teammates , build starter apps for your next hackathon , or use Glitch to teach others how to create with code .
White Cliffs of Dover to be sold to the French to help reduce Government 's debt
For generations Dover has stood as an indomitable symbol of Britain ’s freedom and independence .
The town , with its white cliffs , port and sprawling castle stood at the very edge of the nation ’s frontier with the Continent .
But now part of that proud history is up for sale and the leading bidder is revealed as the former age - old enemy – France .
Heritage of defiance : A Spitfire over the White Cliffs of Dover
The Port of Dover is being recommended by Government advisers for sale to the French authorities .
It is one of a string of public assets which have been earmarked for privatisation as the Government battles with a record £ 830 billion national debt .
The proposal for the port has prompted outrage .
Prospective Tory MP for Dover Charles Elphicke said : ‘ It ’s clear Gordon Brown has no sense of the history of our nation or the pride of our town .
‘ How dare he consider selling it all off to the French ?
Dover is the English border .
The people of Dover have a clear message for him – hands off our port , hands off the English border . ’
A sale of the Port of Dover , Europe ’s busiest ferry port , could net up to £ 350 million for the Treasury .
Its harbour board applied to the Transport Secretary for voluntary privatisation last month .
The sale is expected to be rubber - stamped and the leading bidder has emerged as Nord - pas - de - Calais regional council , which also owns Calais .
Broker : Gerry Grimstone , chairman of Standard Life , is advising the Government on the possible sale of Dover port
The French port is just 21 miles away across the Channel and the sale would mark a dramatic reversal in the fortunes of the two towns .
Calais was captured by the English under Edward III in 1347 , and the occupation lasted for more than two centuries .
The Port of Dover is the largest British port still in the public sector and made a profit of £ 15.1 million in 2008 .
It is a ‘ trust port ’ , meaning all revenues are reinvested into it , and it is now seeking £ 400 million to expand .
Bosses anticipate a doubling in freight traffic by 2040 .
Chief executive Bob Goldfield said : ‘ The time is right for the voluntary privatisation of Dover .
We want to invest around £ 400 million on a second terminal and need to invest in the existing terminal , but are unable to because of public sector borrowing constraints .
We want to throw off the shackles . ’
Other major ports were sold off under the 1991 Ports Act , but Dover was retained because of uncertainty over how construction of the Channel Tunnel might affect it .
Gwyn Prosser , the town ’s Labour MP , warned that jobs could be lost .
The port ’s workforce has shrunk by 60 per cent over the past eight years .
Mr Prosser said : ‘ This is a strategic asset and we must be careful about the import of foreign capital . ’
It was not the two perfectly fried eggs or the two slices of toast drizzled with olive oil tasting of freshly mown grass which made this one of my more memorable breakfasts .
It was the small plate set in front of me by farm owner Felipe Perez Corcho which set my heart racing .
It was filled with wafer thin slices of the ruby red wonder which is jamón ibérico de bellota , arguably the greatest item of food in the world .
I pierced the soft , golden yolks of the egg with a slice of jamón and allowed it to sit on my tongue as the yellow ribbon of acorn - rich fat began dissolve into savoury bliss .
Few food experiences have or ever will match it .
I had received an invitation from the good people of Brindisa , one of Britain 's finest importers of Spanish food , to join them on a visit to a new supplier of ibérico ham , Señorio De Montanera , and could hardly contain my excitement .
Jamón ibérico has long been my favourite food of all , but I knew little about its production methods or the region in which the legendary ibérico pigs are raised .
This was the perfect opportunity to fill that gap in my knowledge and came with the added bonus of an opportunity to eat my own bodyweight in ham .
Spain produces an astonishing 40 m hams a year , including excellent varieties of the famous jamón serrano made from the dry - cured legs of the white pig and produced in regions such as Teruel and Trévelez in eastern Spain .
But , it is to the west you have to look for the finest jamón , to the vast tracts of land known as the Dehesa , an ecosystem of prairie - like grazing land dotted with encina trees , known as holm oak in English , which once covered almost 90 % of the country but now only remains in the regions of Salamanca , Extremadura , Andalucia and across the border into Portugal .
It is here that the black Iberian pigs thrive , snuffling on the dusty ground for sweet acorns ( bellota ) fallen from the trees .
Across in Portugal they are known as " porco de raça Alentejana " , but to everyone in Spain , these fat pigs with slender legs are known simply as " pata negra " because of their trademark black hooves .
Pata negra , the black Iberian pig .
The production of jamón ibérico is strictly regulated , more so than any other food I had ever encountered .
The Denomination of Origin ( DO ) covers four regions .
To the north , Salamanca and the town of Guijuelo , home of Joselito , arguably the most famous name in jamon and certainly the best known to ham lovers in the UK .
To the west , the province of Huelva and particularly the town of Jabugo .
To the east there is the less well - known denomination of Valle de Los Pedroches and finally , bordering on Andalucia , is the dusty region of Extremadura known also as the home of the conquistadors , Cortez and Pizarro .
Although each region would claim that the hams they produce are the finest , the rules which govern their production are the same and the end results indistinguishable to all but the most experienced palate .
It was to the town of Burguillos del Cerro , close to the Portuguese border , where I came to meet Felipe Perez Corcho .
He is one of the founder shareholders of Señorio De Montanera , a collective of 72 farmers who , since 1992 , have produced some of the finest jamón ibérico de bellota in Spain .
As soon as we had deposited our bags in the rambling farmhouse Felipe led us across the fields to where the pigs were enjoying the bounty of the oak trees and the wild grass and herbs which also form an important part of their diet .
Iberian piglets are fed on a diet of cereals and acorns until they are nearly 18 months old .
The final three months or so of their lives are spent out in the Dehesa during what 's known as the montanera , a period from October 1 to January 1 when acorns fall from the oaks .
The pigs must feed on enough acorns and reach the DO - specified weight of 160 kg to gain the coveted title jamón ibérico de bellota .
The regulations also specify that there should be no more than two pigs per hectare of land to ensure that each pig can eat the required amount of between 6 and 7 kg of acorns a day .
The acorns from the encina oaks are rich in oleic acid , the same chemical which can be found in olives .
The flavour finds its way into the fat of the animal , so much so that the locals refer to Iberian pigs as " olives with legs " .
Encouraging acorns to fall from the encina oak .
Once the Montanera has run its course the animals are taken to nearby abattoirs for slaughter ( or ' sacrifice ' as its referred to in the region ) which is done in such a way as to induce as little stress in the animals as possible .
The regulations of the DO include how the pigs are kept , killed and butchered and are rigorously enforced .
Only if the exacting standards are met will the inspector allow the meat to be tagged with the mark confirming they have made the grade .
If they fail , the hams can still be sold as jamón ibérico but are not allowed to carry the coveted suffix " de bellota " .
The curing and ageing of the hams is no less important than the rearing and butchering of the animals .
The front legs , the paletas , and the rear legs , the jamones , are chilled overnight to allow them to firm and then covered in Andalucian sea salt for approximately one day per kilo of weight .
They are then washed and hung to dry allowing the natural flora to form on the surface .
This final part of the curing process can take up to three years , after which they are ready for sale .
But not before one final check from the DO inspectors , who test the hams one more time by inserting a sharpened beef bone and sniffing to check the quality of the cure .
The results of this five year journey from the Dehesa to the plate are incomparable .
The oleic acid in the acorns on which the pig feeds makes the fat of the jamón ibérico de bellota one of the truly magical tastes sensations as it dissolves in your mouth .
The depth of flavour in the meat is like no other and the combination lingers like a fine wine .
Jamón ibérico and its related products are truly an experience not to be missed .
However , the range available and its labelling can be confusing , so here is a simple guide .
Jamón
There are four grades of jamón ibérico , categorised primarily by the diet of the pigs .
The curing process remains the same , but the length for which they are aged will differ with the lower grade hams receiving little more than a year of hanging and the very best up to four years .
The age difference can be seen in the finished result with the flesh of the younger hams having a lighter pink colour and those of older hams being a deep , ruby red .
The taste too is very different with the acorn richness of the jamón ibérico de bellota lingering on the palate like a fine wine .
Jamón ibérico de bellota
From pure Iberico pigs fed on a diet of acorns during the Montanera and granted DO status .
These hams are aged for at least three years before being released and often labelled ' reserva ' and ' gran reserva ' to denote their age .
Jamón ibérico de recebo
Fed on a diet of cereals and acorns and aged for at least three years .
Jamón ibérico cebo de campo
Free range , but fed only on a diet of cereals .
Jamón ibérico de cebo
Commercially reared pigs fed on a diet of cereals .
It is also worth sampling these excellent Serrano hams .
Jamón de Trévelez
Produced from white pigs which have been fed on commercial cereals , this is still a very fine ham , which fans say has a sweetness that comes from the climate in which the pigs are reared .
Jamón de Teruel
The first jamon in Spain to receive DO status , these mountain hams must be aged for at least 12 months after curing before being sold .
Embutidos
Worry not , the rest of the pig is not wasted and these other cured products are also well worth seeking out .
Chorizo de cerdo ibérico
A cured sausage made from chopped pork , pork fat and paprika .
There are hundreds of regional varieties , some containing garlic and herbs .
Lomo de cerdo ibérico
The cured tenderloin of the pig .
Señorio De Montanera make a stunning version covered in lard made from the fat surrounding the pig 's kidneys .
Salsichon de cerdo ibérico
Another sausage , cured for at least four months .
Morcon de cerdo ibérico
A larger , less well known sausage cured with herbs and spices .
Stockists and mail order
• spanish - hams.co.uk
• Papadeli , Bristol
• Harvey Nicols , branches in Edinburgh , Manchester and London
• Brindisa , Borough Market , London
• Whole Foods Market , branches in London
• Fortnum and Mason , Piccadilly , London
WICHITA , Kan . 
In the end , it took jurors 37 minutes on Friday to convict Scott Roeder , an abortion opponent , of first - degree murder in the death of George R. Tiller , one of the few doctors in the country to perform late - term abortions .
Mr. Roeder , who admitted in court to shooting Dr. Tiller in May and who said he felt it was the only way that he could halt the deaths of babies , stared straight ahead and showed no reaction at the verdict , which carries a sentence of life in prison .
For Wichita , it appeared to be a final chapter in the struggle over abortion that has focused on this city for three decades .
Dr. Tiller , 67 , who grew up here and had provided abortions here since the 1970s , had been attacked before ( he was shot in both arms in 1993 ) but refused to stop his work and drew patients from all over the country .
After his murder , his family closed the abortion clinic , leaving Wichita , so long a magnet for the debate , with no such facility .
But elsewhere around the country , the debate over abortion continued .
Nationally , abortion - rights supporters lauded Mr. Roeder ’s conviction , saying it sent a powerful , unambiguous message to those who commit violence against abortion providers .
But the trial , they said , also pointed up an urgent need for more law enforcement and further investigation into those who conspire to such violence .
The federal Department of Justice has said it is investigating whether others were also involved in the killing of Dr. Tiller .
Despite the Obama administration ’s tacit support of more liberal state medical marijuana laws , the federal government still discourages research into the medicinal uses of smoked marijuana .
That may be one reason that  even though some patients swear by it  there is no good scientific evidence that legalizing marijuana ’s use provides any benefits over current therapies .
Lyle E. Craker , a professor of plant sciences at the University of Massachusetts , has been trying to get permission from federal authorities for nearly nine years to grow a supply of the plant that he could study and provide to researchers for clinical trials .
But the Drug Enforcement Administration  more concerned about abuse than potential benefits  has refused , even after the agency ’s own administrative law judge ruled in 2007 that Dr. Craker ’s application should be approved , and even after Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. in March ended the Bush administration ’s policy of raiding dispensers of medical marijuana that comply with state laws .
“ All I want to be able to do is grow it so that it can be tested , ” Dr. Craker said in comments echoed by other researchers .
WASHINGTON 
In a proposed change to the No Child Left Behind law , the Obama administration would require states to adopt new academic standards to qualify for federal money from a $ 14 billion program that concentrates on impoverished students , the White House said Sunday .
The proposal , part of the administration ’s recommendations for a Congressional overhaul of the law , would require states to adopt “ college - and career - ready standards ” in reading and mathematics .
The current law , signed by President George W. Bush in 2002 , requires states to adopt “ challenging academic standards ” in reading and math to receive federal money for poor students under the program known as Title I , but leaves it up to states to decide what qualifies as “ challenging . ”
The result was that states set their standards at widely varied levels , some as rigorous as those used in high - performing countries like Japan , but others at far lower levels that lay out at best , mediocre expectations for their students .
Ionic liquids ( in blue ) in a beaker of mineral oil .
Image credit : John Wilkes .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A spinoff company from Arizona State University plans to build a new battery with an energy density 11 times greater than that of lithium - ion batteries for just one - third the cost .
With a $ 5.13 million research grant from the US Department of Energy awarded last week , Fluidic Energy hopes to turn its ultra - dense energy storage technology into a reality .
The new Metal - Air Ionic Liquid battery is being designed by Cody Friesen , a professor of materials science at Arizona State and founder of Fluidic Energy , along with other researchers .
The key to the new battery is that it uses ionic liquids as its electrolyte , which could help it overcome some significant problems faced by previous metal - air batteries .
In the past , metal - air batteries have usually used water - based electrolytes , but due to water evaporation , the batteries tended to fail prematurely .
The advantage of ionic liquids , like those used in Fluidic Energy 's new battery , is that they do n't evaporate .
Ionic liquids are salts that are a liquid at room temperature .
Compared to water , ionic liquids are much more viscous , and they also conduct electricity fairly well .
The challenge will be finding an inexpensive ionic liquid that works well in the new batteries , although Friesen has not yet discussed the specific ionic liquids his company has been investigating .
A metal - air battery that uses ionic liquids as its electrolyte could have several advantages .
For one thing , it can function for a longer period time since its electrolyte does n't evaporate .
Also , the batteries could offer better electrochemical stability , which means they could use materials that have a greater energy density than zinc .
Friesen and his research team hope to achieve energy densities of anywhere from 900 to 1,600 watt - hours per kilogram .
This density could lead to electric vehicles that could travel 400 to 500 miles on a single charge , Friesen said .
Finally , Fluidic Energy is tackling another problem facing rechargeable batteries : the growth of dendrites that occurs on the electrodes during charging .
Dendrites limit the number of charging cycles and decrease the lifetime of the battery .
To combat this problem , Fluidic Energy has designed a porous electrode scaffold that prevents dendrite formation .
" I 'm not claiming we have it yet , but if we do succeed , it really does change the way we think about storage , " Friesen said .
via : Technology Review
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Liquid Battery Offers Promising Solar Energy Storage Technique
Yes folks -- the rumors are true .
Apple is holding an event onto show off something the company is calling their " latest creation . "
Hair standing on end ?
Good .
The proceedings will take place at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts Theater in San Francisco , and will get underway at .
We 'll be there live -- as usual -- covering every little second of the action ... so get ready !
We 're not ones for wild speculation , but the inclusion of splatter paint and the use of the word " creation " could suggest that if we do see the long - rumored Tablet at this event , the focus could be slanted towards art , music , and movie - making .
Maybe we 'll finally figure out what the point of an Apple tablet is !
On the other hand , that might just be a bit of wild speculation .
Feel free to generate your own kooky concepts in comments -- we promise not to judge you .
If you 'd like to read ( or re-read ) a slew of Apple Tablet rumor coverage , click here
But surrounded by so many other successful women , they often find it harder than expected to find a date on a Friday night .
“ My parents think there is something wrong with me because I do n’t have a boyfriend , and I do n’t hang out with a lot of guys , ” said Ms. Andrew , who had a large circle of male friends in high school .
Jayne Dallas , a senior studying advertising who was seated across the table , grumbled that the population of male undergraduates was even smaller when you looked at it as a dating pool .
“ Out of that 40 percent , there are maybe 20 percent that we would consider , and out of those 20 , 10 have girlfriends , so all the girls are fighting over that other 10 percent , ” she said .
Needless to say , this puts guys in a position to play the field , and tends to mean that even the ones willing to make a commitment come with storied romantic histories .
Rachel Sasser , a senior history major at the table , said that before she and her boyfriend started dating , he had “ hooked up with a least five of my friends in my sorority — that I know of . ”
These sorts of romantic complications are hardly confined to North Carolina , an academically rigorous school where most students spend more time studying than socializing .
The gender imbalance is also pronounced at some private colleges , such as New York University and Lewis & Clark in Portland , Ore. , and large public universities in states like California , Florida and Georgia .
The College of Charleston , a public liberal arts college in South Carolina , is 66 percent female .
Some women at the University of Vermont , with an undergraduate body that is 55 percent female , sardonically refer to their college town , Burlington , as “ Girlington . ”
Google Wave Overview
Still have n't a peek at Google Wave yet ?
here is your chance ..
I have 12 invites to give without any freaky conditions .
All you need to do to get invited is to email me onfrom the email that you would like to receive the invite at .
If you are n't on Gmail , you 'll need to create a Google Account when you receive the invitation .
That 's it , freely I have received , freely I shall give :) Google Wave is an online tool for real - time communication and collaboration .
A wave can be both a conversation and a document where people can discuss and work together using richly formatted text , photos , videos , maps , and more .
When I run out of invites I 'll keep your email until I receive more invites ..
It ’s easy to be cynical about the influence of the internet , particularly when one considers the weight of expectation on new technologies .
William Gibson , the first writer to discuss the impact of the internet on the imagination , spoke eloquently of the disappointment of returning to real life after experiencing how human potential expands in cyberspace .
In Prospect ’s December cover story , Evgeny Morozov touches on this profound disappointment .
But in doing so , he underestimates the internet ’s revolutionary potential .
In 2008 I worked for the Labour government ’s Digital Britain research and observed this mistake being made on a pan-European scale .
Labour remains convinced that a “ digital Britain ” can best be served by government regulation and observation of cyberspace , despite the fact that nearly all the examples of best practice that went into the strategy were online citizen initiatives that had been created in somebody ’s living room — with no government interference .
Although Britain has one of the highest percentage of internet users of any country in the world , 21 per cent of the population still has no internet access whatsoever .
As one might expect , these people are by and large from the most deprived sectors of society .
When I suggested that the best way of building an inclusive online movement and ensuring the voices of the underprivileged were heard would be for the government to finance home broadband connection for poor and elderly citizens , the memo was swiftly transferred to the slush pile .
What Labour has failed to grasp is that the governments and political leaders can not control politics ; they can only facilitate it .
Evgeny Morozov ’s experience of being invited to speak in Washington is part of a well - established pattern : over the past three years , as the world has woken up to the internet ’s potential to change hearts and minds , millions of pounds have been wasted on hosting conferences designed to help politicians , media moguls , social organisers and government workers “ harness the power of the internet . ”
Many feature a minor team - member of the Obama campaign — flown in at great expense — to explain why it is that grassroots movement cannot , in fact , be engineered by sitting governments .
Morozov offers a similarly reductive assessment of the flaws of online resistance .
Cyber - activism has not manifested itself in the supposedly “ real ” world — that is , the non-internet world — as many people anticipated ; this is because the internet facilitates and accelerates direct action , rather than changing its essential nature .
Any anti-government activity risks …
5326516805f753d61e6f056.72291654
In 1921 , socialist writer Scott Nearing wrote that the United States “ has guaranteed to her by all the leading capitalist powers practically an exclusive privilege for the exploitation of the Western Hemisphere ” as part of the post World War I settling of international affairs .
With military cooperation treaties dating back to 1952 , Colombia now serves as a prime tool for U.S. regional control .
Analyst Narciso Isa Conde notes that with new U.S. bases , Colombia becomes “ a factor of regional aggression , ” part of a “ fatal triangulation involving Colombia , Honduras , and now Haiti . ”
Colombia ’s assigned role is to provoke Venezuela , claims a recent Bolivarian News Agency report .
“ The center of gravity of the strategy is the Bolivarian revolution and the leftist ALBA alliance , ” it indicates .
Colombia has been “ converted into a gigantic air , naval and land forces base to attack Latin America . ”
Its own military “ is being converted into a rapid reaction force . ”
Bases along Columbia ’s border with Venezuela are being strengthened .
Colombian paramilitaries carry out destabilization forays in Venezuela .
Colombia is accused of inserting CIA and Israeli trained assassins into Venezuela to target some of those attending the December congress in Caracas of the anti-imperialist Continental Bolivarian Movement .
Panama hosts four U.S. bases , and Curacao and Aruba off Venezuela host one each .
Fourth Fleet naval power is on call .
For empires power is of the essence .
But what of the Colombian people ?
Last December horror overwhelmed visiting British unionists and parliamentarians .
They learned that leaders of the FENSUAGRO agricultural union confederation are being attacked , jailed , and killed .
Families in Soacha told of young men killed by the Army .
Dressed as guerrilla combatants , their bodies were displayed as tokens of anti-guerrilla victories .
Congresspersons ’ telephone calls are monitored .
Women political prisoners at the Buen Pastor prison live under “ appalling ” conditions .
The British delegation came under police surveillance .
Community leaders in La Macarena showed them “ hundreds of unidentified bodies ” in a common grave .
The unearthing of 2,000 corpses with British visitors looking on made the news headlines .
Azalea Robles ’ report is titled : “ Largest common grave of the continent is uncovered – Colombia in a paroxysm of horror cries out for solidarity . ”
Paramilitary chieftains had revealed gravesite locations to authorities , who took little action .
Victims ’ families began digging on their own .
Under Colombia ’s 2002 Law of Justice and Peace , paramilitary capos confessing crimes and demobilizing their commands received short jail terms and could keep properties .
According to jurist Jairo Ramírez , the buried victims represented “ social leaders , peasants , and community defenders , not as the Army head told us , guerrillas killed in combat . ”
Azalea Robles says terror is used “ to dissuade [ people ] from social commitment and to empty extensive territories . ”
The Army and paramilitaries are engaged in a “ dirty war . ”
Paramilitaries are a “ tool of the state , ” engineered in part by the CIA .
“ They subsist on plunder and payments from landowners and multinational corporations . ”
Sponsoring corporations as determined by the 2008 Permanent Tribunal of the Peoples include CocaCola , Nestle , Chiquita Brands , Monsanto , Dyncorp , BP and Occidental Petroleum among others .
Paramilitary leaders testified to wholesale killings .
To inculcate terror , underlings dismembered bodies or threw the dead and dying into crocodile pens and rivers .
The Army wanted bodies to vanish so as to exempt the state from legal obligations regarding murder .
Over 25 to 30 years , 50,000 people “ disappeared , ” the Patriotic Union political party died , and 38 indigenous communities approached extinction .
A “ scorched earth ” policy left 4 million people displaced .
During President Alvaro Uribe ’s time , 2.4 million Colombians have lost lands and homes , 286,389 during 2009 .
Multinationals , large landowners , paramilitary bosses and drug traffickers have appropriated 15 million acres .
Some 2,700 labor activists have been murdered since 1986 , 40 of them last year .
Azalea Robles explains : “ Class struggle in Colombia is at its most absolute paroxysm .
To preserve the privileges of the oligarchy and above all the plunder of resources perpetrated by multinationals , the Colombian state has implanted total war against the population . ”
The Colombian government ’s symbiotic relation with the U.S. government exacts a ghastly toll .
For Washington , Colombia ’s dedication to landowners , urban elites , and multinational corporations bespeaks reliability .
Faith in military power pervades both capitals , even though in Colombia it leads to murder , fear , and land stripped of inhabitants .
To enable Colombia to service its imperial ambitions , the U.S. government provides military training , supplies and funding .
Part of the bargain is a blind eye toward terrible suffering .
Photo : U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Marine Corps Gen. Peter Pace , Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos and Chairman of Colombia ’s Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Freddy Padilla hold a press conference in Bogota , Colombia , Jan. 19 , 2007 .
http://www.defense.gov/dodcmsshare/photoessay/2007-01/hires_070119-F-0193C-015.JPG
“ You love mousse or flan or meringue for that texture , that mouth feel , and that ’s the same texture you ’re looking for in a cocktail , ” she said .
“ Pasteurized eggs impart this really funky wet - diaper nose . ”
Raw eggs are crucial to the Earl Grey MarTEAni , she said .
“ The tannins in tea , alone , can build up on your palate and exhaust it  which is one of the reasons why many people drink tea with milk and lemon , ” she said .
“ The egg white in this drink achieves the same feat , without the potentially coating effect that you ’d get from milk or cream .
The raw egg white adds an ethereal mouth feel , much like a foamy mousse  the raw egg white has the ability to aerate into a much greater volume than pasteurized could . ”
Or , as Mr. Schwartz said of egg - white drinks : “ You see this beautiful frothy chapeau on your drink .
You consume first with your eyes . ”
For some , Pegu Club ’s violation was a sign that Big Brother was closing in .
“ If they make it illegal to serve egg - white drinks , that would be Hurricane Katrina for us , ” said one of several bartenders and club owners who said they had been challenged by inspectors but declined to be quoted on the record , for fear of antagonizing health officials .
But Elliott S. Marcus , an associate health commissioner , seemed nonplussed by the fuss .
The use of raw eggs is not illegal in the city , he said , and there is no cocktail crackdown .
City regulations say “ shell eggs or foods containing shell eggs ” must be heated to 145 degrees or greater for 15 seconds , “ unless an individual consumer requests ” a preparation with raw egg .
Even when customers order hollandaise sauce , “ the server has to say this dish has a raw egg in it , ” Mr. Marcus said .
“ The bartender has to make a positive , affirmative statement ” if there is raw egg in a cocktail , Mr. Marcus said .
“ We think , if it rises to the level of risk , then you have to let the buyer beware . ”
Although , he said , if a customer orders from a menu that identifies raw egg in a dish or drink , that can serve as notification .
And that ’s one reason why Ms. Saunders was so concerned about Pegu Club ’s citation .
The bar ’s menu lists the MarTEAni ingredients as “ Earl Grey - infused gin , lemon juice , simple syrup , raw egg white ” and states that “ we take the greatest care in the storage of our organic eggs .
Please note , however , that like sushi , the consumption of raw eggs can be hazardous . ”
The use of Tasers has become increasingly controversial over the last year , following high - profile cases such as the Tasering of a 10 - year - old girl who had refused to take a shower and video of a 72 - year - old great - grandmother who was Tasered following a driving offense .
Now a federal appeals court in San Francisco has set down new rules for when police officers are allowed to use Tasers .
In particular , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that Tasers can't be used simply to force a non-violent person to bend to an officer 's will .
The court 's reason was that Taser 's X26 stun gun inflicts more pain than other " non-lethal " options :
The physiological effects , the high levels of pain , and foreseeable risk of physical injury lead us to conclude that the X26 and similar devices are a greater intrusion than other non-lethal methods of force we have confronted .
The ruling followed a case in which an officer Tasered a man named Carl Bryan after pulling him over for driving with an unbuckled seat belt .
Bryan was verbally abusive , but obviously unarmed and non-violent .
The use of Tasers as compliance tools – means for compelling behavior – has generated a huge amount of protest .
For many , the famous " Do n’t Tase me , bro " incident , in which student Andrew Meyer was Tasered at a political debate , signaled an alarming new form of oppression .
( Others have accused Meyer of setting the whole thing up as a stunt . )
Perhaps the distinguishing feature of the Taser , compared with other forms of enforcing compliance , is that it can be used with one finger .
Police have always been able enforce their wishes using batons or manual force , but a Taser is a much easier option , and perhaps this makes it more prone to abuse .
Whether it 's zapping an unruly student protester , an uncooperative 11 - year - old or an abusive driver , the trite observation that power corrupts may have some truth here .
" It sounds like this court is attempting to raise the bar for non-lethal use of force , " retired Los Angeles Police Department Captain Greg Meyer told the Los Angeles Times .
The ruling specifies that the Taser X26 and similar devices should only be used where there is " strong government interest [ that ] compels the employment of such force . "
This rules out any situation in which there are alternative means of dealing with the situation .
Some may see the new ruling as a great step forward for human rights .
But there are reasons to be a little more cautious .
A recent study in the American Journal of Public Health looked at 24,000 cases in which police officers had used force , including Tasers , pepper spray , batons and manual methods .
After controlling for factors such as the amount of resistance shown by the suspect , the study found that Taser use reduced the overall risk of injury by 65 percent .
In other words , restricting Taser use could triple the number of injuries caused in this sort of incident .
It would be naïve to assume that there will not be any market response to the ruling .
We have recently seen a rash of new devices aimed at police forces , including assorted laser dazzlers and pepper ball guns as Taser alternatives .
There are also portable pain beams in prospect , both microwave and infrared laser varieties , not to mention various acoustic blasters .
The ruling is likely to lead to more experimentation , both technical and in the courts , to find out just what the acceptable level of pain and suffering is and how it can best be delivered .
The ruling is also a potential boost for devices such as the LED Incapacitator , which does not rely on pain but other physiological effects ( disorientation , loss of balance and nausea ) .
Funding of more advanced non-lethal devices using assorted electromagnetic effects to paralyze or otherwise disable painlessly may also become more attractive .
Taser International is also likely to respond legally and technically .
Having already developed several generations of Taser , the latest versions rely on muscular paralysis to incapacitate a target .
The substantial pain is a side effect .
A Taser that paralyzes without causing ( perceived ) pain would be an obvious avenue of research .
The new ruling is likely to have a significant effect on police on the streets .
Many commentators will be watching evidence to support claims that it will make things better – or worse .
* Photo : Shelley Dubois / Wired.com
*
ALSO :
I have n't really been posting advisories on this website for the past year , however a series of XML Injection / XXe vulnerabilities in Adobe products caught my eye .
XML Injection is to web services , what XSS is to web pages ( an attacker controllable application response able to perform abuses against the consumer ) .
This advisory provides a good explanation and examples of these rarely discussed attack types .
BlazeDS 3.2 and earlier versions
LiveCycle 9.0 , 8.2.1 , and 8.0.1
LiveCycle Data Services 3.0 , 2.6.1 , and 2.5.1
Flex Data Services 2.0.1
ColdFusion 9.0 , 8.0.1 , 8.0 , and 7.0.2
Products affected
For those interested in attacking XML consumers and Web Services be sure to also check out the WASC Threat Classification 's list of XML related attacks .
Full Advisory : http://www.security-assessment.com/files/advisories/2010-02-22_Multiple_Adobe_Products-XML_External_Entity_and_XML_Injection.pdf
Adobe Patches : http://www.adobe.com/support/security/bulletins/apsb10-05.html
Mitre CVE - 2009-3960 : http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-3960
Middletown , Connecticut ( CNN ) --
Five people were killed and at least 12 were injured in a gas explosion Sunday at an under - construction power plant in central Connecticut , local officials said .
Residents up to 20 miles away reported hearing the blast at about 11:19 a.m. at the Kleen Power Plant in Middletown , a suburb of Hartford , Connecticut .
" There is no present or continuing threat to anybody from either substances getting into the atmosphere or of a possible subsequent explosion , " Middletown Mayor Sebastian Giuliano said , adding terrorism has been ruled out .
He said plant workers were purging a natural gas pipeline when the explosion occurred .
" Urban search - and - rescue teams are on the premises ... with dogs , attempting to locate and account for further victims , " Giuliano said .
It 's unknown how many people were working in the plant , which was about 95 percent complete , at the time of the explosion .
Multiple contractors were involved in the project , Giuliano said , complicating efforts to account for those who may have been on the site .
" [ Each contractor ] has their own foreperson , their own employee list , so we 're trying to sort that out , " Giuliano said .
Deputy Fire Marshal Al Santostefano said later Sunday that no one has come forward with any names of missing people and dogs have not detected signs of life beneath the rubble left by the explosion .
The plant was expected to go online this summer , Giuliano said .
Santostefano initially said about 50 people , most of them construction workers , were working at the time , but Giuliano said " we do n't know that as a hard number right now . "
" What I 've been told by the owners of the project is that there could be anywhere from 100 to 200 people working on the site on any given day , " Giuliano said .
But Santostefano later said the numbers Giuliano cited were weekday figures , and he repeated his estimate of 50 to 60 people at the site Sunday when the explosion occurred .
He said he thought most of those escaped the blast .
A no -fly zone was established over the site because of the unstable structure , Gov. Jodi Rell announced Sunday night .
Middlesex Hospital in Middletown said it received 11 patients from the explosion .
One patient with serious injuries was flown to a hospital in Hartford , and another was transferred to Yale New Haven Hospital , according to a statement on Middlesex 's Web site .
Two others had minor injuries and were treated and released .
The remaining seven patients sustained injuries " mainly to the extremities , including broken bones , blunt trauma and abdominal pains , " the statement said .
Emergency room physician Dr. Jonathan Bankoff told reporters that some patients reported being thrown 30 or 40 feet by the blast .
Two people were airlifted directly to the Hartford hospital from the scene , Middlesex spokesman R. Brian Albert said .
A center was being set up at Middletown 's City Hall for relatives of plant workers , he said .
As of late Sunday afternoon , the hospital said it was not expecting more patients from the plant .
After the explosion , it took a while for emergency crews to get into the plant , Santostefano said , because the plant was on fire and the natural gas had to be turned off at the source .
No major incidents at the site had been reported since construction began there a couple of years ago , he said .
People miles away reported hearing or feeling the blast .
" It felt like the house was shaking , " Peter Moore , who lives about 10 miles away in Durham , told CNN .
He said he thought at first there had been a traffic accident on his street or there was a problem with his house .
Moore said his mother , who lives in Woodbridge , about 20 miles away from the plant , also said she heard the explosion , and said it " sounded like someone pounded on the back door a couple of times . "
" It was almost like an earthquake , " nearby resident Lynn Townsend told CNN affiliate WTNH .
She said she heard the explosion and went outside to see " a very big , bright orange flame " between the plant 's two smokestacks , and immediately dialed 911 .
" It really shook the house , " she said .
" Everybody was scared .
The kids started to cry . "
WTNH.com coverage of Middletown explosion
Connecticut State Police Lt. J. Paul Vance told WTNH his agency has received " an immense amount of inquiries " from residents who heard or felt the explosion .
The site is a 620 - megawatt gas - fired power plant , according to plant manager Gordon Holk .
The News Corporation and Time Warner Cable struck a deal just in time for the Sugar Bowl .
The two companies said Friday evening that they had agreed on new terms for a contract covering Fox stations in New York , Los Angeles , Orlando and other markets , averting a blackout of the weekend ’s college bowl games in millions of homes .
They did not disclose the terms .
The deal between the News Corporation and Time Warner caps weeks of sparring over the price that the cable company  and by extension its customers  should pay to watch Fox , ahead of an end - of - the - year contract expiration .
Analysts had expected that the deal would set a new high - water mark for local TV stations that want sizable subscriber fees in exchange for so - called retransmission rights .
In tense negotiations with Time Warner Cable , Fox had demanded about a dollar a subscriber per month , far more than other stations have received .
Time Warner Cable thought 30 cents was more reasonable , said people briefed on the talks who insisted on anonymity because the specifics of the talks were confidential .
A party thrown by UC San Diego fraternity students mocking Black History Month has school administrators up in arms .
UC San Diego officials are condemning the off - campus weekend ghetto - themed party , but they are n't likely to discipline anyone , according to Fox 5 News in San Diego .
The so - called Compton Cookout event urged all participants to wear chains , don cheap clothes and speak very loudly , the San Diego Union - Tribune reported .
Female participants were encouraged to be " ghetto chicks . ''
Read the full story here .
Dear Straight Dope : What " pact with the Devil " was Pat Robertson referring to that supposedly caused the recent earthquake and most of the rest of Haiti 's historic woes ?
And what is the reverend 's source of exact quotes from Satan himself ?
Joanne
SDStaff Jillgat , Straight Dope Science Advisory Board replies :
How Pat Robertson got so chummy with the devil is a subject I ’m not getting into .
However , it ’s interesting that the prince of darkness speaks in colloquial U.S. English .
Here ’s Robertson ’s account of how the diabolical deal went down , as heard on the Christian Broadcasting Network ’s “ The 700 Club ” :
Something happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it .
They were under the heel of the French , you know , Napoleon III and whatever , and they got together and swore a pact to the devil .
They said , ‘ We will serve you if you ’ll get us free from the French . ’
True story .
And so the devil said , ‘ OK , it ’s a deal , ’ and … the Haitians revolted and got themselves free .
But ever since they have been cursed by one thing after the other .
One detail we need to clear up right away .
Haiti ’s bargain with the devil was supposedly struck in 1791 .
Napoleon III was n’t elected ruler of France until 1848 , and Napoleon I did n’t become big cheese until 1799 .
The French entity whose collective heel the Haitians were under in 1791 was the Constituent Assembly .
We ’ll assume Satan did n’t screw this up and the fault lies with poor note taking on the part of Pat Robertson , who presumably still gets nervous when dealing with infernal forces .
You ’d think he’d be used to it by now .
Be that as it may , Robertson got a few bits of the story right .
The “ pact with the Devil ” in Haiti refers to the ceremony of Bois Caïman , which took place in August , 1791 .
This event is credited with launching the Haitian revolution that brought independence and freed the slaves in that country .
Too bad they had to go to Satan for this favor , eh ?
The higher power holding the franchise in the U.S. let slavery persist for another seventy years .
The story goes that a houngan ( voodoo priest ) named Dutty Boukman held a meeting of black slaves and runaways at Bois Caïman in the mountains of the north to prepare to rise up against their oppressors .
With the aid of an African - born priestess , they conducted a religious ceremony in which the group swore on the blood of a sacrificial pig , invoking the spirits of the forest and their ancestors , that they would live free or die .
According to tradition , this was the catalyst for the Haitian revolution .
Though Boukman was captured and beheaded , the revolt continued , and after much strife Haiti became an independent republic in 1804 .
Although the Bois Caïman ceremony is well known in Haiti , separating fact from legend is difficult .
The first historical account was n’t published until 1814 .
I ’ve seen a claim that the ceremony did n’t happen at all , while others contend there were two meetings in August 1791 , with the voodoo ritual occurring at one while the revolt was planned at the other .
Legend has it that Boukman offered a prayer at Bois Caïman in which he drew a distinction between the wicked god of the whites and the benevolent god of the blacks .
Whether the prayer was actually uttered is debatable ; nonetheless , it can be taken as a fair indication of the rebels ’ sentiments , namely , that they were aligning themselves with the forces of good .
Clearly the idea they were bargaining with Satan was an interpretation by Christians , who figured our god is righteous , everybody else ’s god is evil .
In short , the “ pact with the devil ” is bigoted nonsense .
In his CBN broadcast Pat Robertson used the “ devil pact ” to explain why Haiti is in worse shape environmentally and economically than its neighbor , the Dominican Republic :
That island of Hispaniola is one island .
It ’s cut down the middle .
On the one side is Haiti ; on the other is the Dominican Republic .
Dominican Republic is prosperous , healthy , full of resorts , etc. Haiti is in desperate poverty .
Same island .
They need to have and we need to pray for them a great turning to God and out of this tragedy I ’m optimistic something good may come .
The histories of Haiti and the Dominican Republic are complicated and beyond the scope of this report .
I refer you to Jared Diamond ’s book Collapse ( 2005 ) , chapter 11 : “ One Island , Two Peoples , Two Histories : The Dominican Republic and Haiti . ”
Some points made by Diamond : The Spanish settled on the naturally greener ( rainier ) side of the island , with higher mountains and rivers flowing in their direction .
The French took the drier side , but despite the fragile environment exploited the hell out of the land and its people for as long as possible .
France imported enormous numbers of slaves , giving Haiti a much larger and blacker population than the Dominican Republic , so later European investors preferred the DR over Haiti .
The Dominican Republic developed multiple cash crops and also focused on industrial development .
While the DR had its share of tyrants , at least a couple of them fortunately were tree huggers .
The two countries thus took different paths .
While the DR remains quite poor , it ’s in better shape than Haiti .
Haiti has endured extraordinarily tough times since independence , including 32 coups and many brutal dictators , a cruel post - colonial racial caste system with inequitable distribution of wealth and resources , desperate poverty , environmental ruin , health problems , lack of infrastructure , and continued political instability .
In recent times many of the blows to Haiti were dealt by “ Papa Doc ” Duvalier , succeeded by his only slightly less despicable son .
The downward spiral continued , with Haiti ’s poor having no choice but to rely on charcoal from wood for fuel , decimating the remaining forests .
And now this earthquake .
Let ’s say you believe in the Devil ; is there evidence he ’s to blame ?
Forgive me for dignifying this with a response , but you asked .
According to some versions of the legend of Bois Caïman , the pact with Satan was supposed to last for 200 years .
Personally I think this was another lurid invention by outsiders , but even if you buy it , the pact should have expired in 1991 , making the current disaster a late hit .
The scientific explanation for the earthquake in Haiti is that the Caribbean and North American tectonic plates have been grinding against each other under Hispaniola and Jamaica for eons .
The stress builds up over time , causing earthquakes big and small .
An earlier , magnitude 7.5 earthquake along the same fault line leveled Port - au - Prince in 1770 , two decades before the supposed “ pact with the Devil ” at Bois Caïman .
Still , as David Brooks notes in a recent New York Times column , “ This is not a natural disaster story .
This is a poverty story . ”
An earthquake of comparable intensity in northern California in 1989 killed 63 people , compared to more than 150,000 in Haiti .
Much of the difference is due to flimsy construction and a general lack of preparedness on Haiti ’s part .
Brooks cites Lawrence E. Harrison ’s 2006 book The Central Liberal Truth , which attributes Haiti ’s problems to among other things “ the voodoo religion , which spreads the message that life is capricious and planning futile . ”
What voodoo has to do with liberal truth I do n’t know .
However , if the claim is that superstition and ignorance impede progress , you wo n’t get an argument from me .
Haiti possibly is one example .
Pat Robertson is another .
SDStaff Jillgat , Straight Dope Science Advisory Board
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
Joe the Plumber is no longer a fan of either Sarah Palin or John McCain John Sidney McCainAmerica 's presence in Cam Ranh Bay should be more than occasional Meghan McCain , husband welcome first baby girl , Liberty Sage McCain Domenech The Hill 's Morning Report - Sponsored by JobsOhio - Showdown : Trump - Biden debate likely to be nasty MORE , it seems .
Joe , also known as Sam Wurzelbacher , told an audience in Pennsylvania this week that McCain " is no public servant . "
ADVERTISEMENT
" McCain was trying to use me , " Wurzelbacher said , according to public radio correspondent Scott Detrow .
" I happened to be the face of middle Americans .
It was a ploy . ”
" I do n’t owe him s — , " Wurzelbacher continued .
" He really screwed my life up , is how I look at it . ”
In fact , Wurzelbacher 's dislike for McCain is so strong that he no longer supports Sarah Palin simply because Palin will campaign for McCain 's re-election .
As for Obama : " I think his ideology is un-American , but he ’s one of the more honest politicians .
At least he told us what he wanted to do . "
NASA 's Chandra Reveals Origin of Key Cosmic Explosions
J.D. Harrington , 202-358-5241
Headquarters , Washington
j.d.harrington@nasa.gov
Janet Anderson , 256-544-6162
Marshall Space Flight Center , Huntsville , Ala .
Janet.L.Anderson@nasa.gov
Megan Watzke 617-496-7998
Chandra X-ray Center , Cambridge , Mass .
m.watzke@cfa.harvard.edu
New findings from NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory have provided a major advance in understanding a type of supernova critical for studying the dark energy that astronomers think pervades the universe .
The results show mergers of two dense stellar remnants are the likely cause of many of the supernovae that have been used to measure the accelerated expansion of the universe .
These supernovae , called Type 1a , serve as cosmic mile markers to measure expansion of the universe because they can be seen at large distances , and they follow a reliable pattern of brightness .
However , until now , scientists have been unsure what actually causes the explosions .
" These are such critical objects in understanding the universe , " said Marat Gilfanov of the Max PlanckInstitute for Astrophysics in Germany and lead author of the study that appears in the Feb. 18 edition of the journal Nature .
" It was a major embarrassment that we did not know how they worked .
Now we are beginning to understand what lights the fuse of these explosions .
" Most scientists agree a Type 1a supernova occurs when a white dwarf star -- a collapsed remnant of an elderly star -- exceeds its weight limit , becomes unstable and explodes .
Scientists have identified two main possibilities for pushing the white dwarf over the edge : two white dwarfs merging or accretion , a process in which the white dwarf pulls material from a sun- like companion star until it exceeds its weight limit .
" Our results suggest the supernovae in the galaxies we studied almost all come from two white dwarfs merging , " said co-author Akos Bogdan , also of Max Planck .
" This is probably not what many astronomers would expect .
"
The difference between these two scenarios may have implications for how these supernovae can be used as " standard candles " -- objects of a known brightness -- to track vast cosmic distances .
Because white dwarfs can come in a range of masses , the merger of two could result in explosions that vary somewhat in brightness .
Because these two scenarios would generate different amounts of X - ray emission , Gilfanov and Bogdan used Chandra to observe five nearby elliptical galaxies and the central region of the Andromeda galaxy .
A Type 1a supernova caused by accreting material produces significant X - ray emission prior to the explosion .
A supernova from a merger of two white dwarfs , on the other hand , would create significantly less X - ray emission than the accretion scenario .
The scientists found the observed X - ray emission was a factor of 30 to 50 times smaller than expected from the accretion scenario , effectively ruling it out .
This implies that white dwarf mergers dominate in these galaxies .
An open question remains whether these white dwarf mergers are the primary catalyst for Type 1a supernovae in spiral galaxies .
Further studies are required to know if supernovae in spiral galaxies are caused by mergers or a mixture of the two processes .
Another intriguing consequence of this result is that a pair of white dwarfs is relatively hard to spot , even with the best telescopes .
" To many astrophysicists , the merger scenario seemed to be less likely because too few double - white - dwarf systems appeared to exist , " said Gilfanov .
" Now this path to supernovae will have to be investigated in more detail .
"
In addition to the X - rays observed with Chandra , other data critical for this result came from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope and the ground - based , infrared Two Micron All Sky Survey .
The infrared brightness of the galaxies allowed the team to estimate how many supernovae should occur .
NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , manages the Chandra program for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory controls Chandra 's science and flight operations from Cambridge , Mass .
More information , including images and other multimedia , can be found at :
Doctor
Who finale watched by 10.4 m as Tennant bows out
Warning :
This story contains plot spoilers David Tennant 's final outing as Doctor Who was watched by 10.4 m viewers on New Year 's Day , according to early overnight figures .
At the climax of the episode , a total of 10.8 m tuned in to see the Time Lord regenerate into his 11th incarnation , 27 - year - old actor Matt Smith .
Tennant 's final words on the show were , " I do n't want to go " .
Smith , meanwhile , uttered the immortal line , " legs !
I 've got legs ! " as he made his screen debut as The Doctor .
Critics compared the final episode to Shakespeare 's tragedy Hamlet
Your views on Tennant 's exit The 75 - minute episode ended with the Tardis in flames , plummeting towards Earth - setting up Smith 's first full episode , due later this year .
It was the highest - rated programme in its time - slot .
ITV1 's Coronation Street took second place , with 8.6 m viewers .
However , both had lower ratings than the day 's second episode of EastEnders , which attracted an audience of 11.6 m at 1945GMT .
Emotions Critics were generally appreciative of Tennant 's final episode , which also marked the end of head writer Russell T Davies ' tenure on the show .
The story saw The Doctor battle against his nemesis , The Master ( John Simm ) , who took possession of the body of every human on the planet , paving the way for the return of the Time Lords - who planned to end time itself .
In The Guardian , television critic Mark Lawson likened the episode to Hamlet - a role which Tennant played with the Royal Shakespeare Company last year .
" In common with the prince of Denmark , the Time Lord from Gallifrey agonised aloud over whether it would be right to kill a man ( the Master ) after a painful encounter with his mother , played by Claire Bloom , whose Shakespearean roles include Hamlet 's mother , Gertrude , " he wrote .
Writing on Cult TV website Den Of Geek , Simon Brew felt that , by allowing Tenant to revisit the characters he met during his four - year tenure as the Doctor , Davies had given new emotional depth to the process of regeneration .
Matt Smith will be the 11th actor to play The Doctor " We 've never had this : 20 minutes or so for a Doctor to deal with his impending demise , with no threat to see off to get in the way .
" Usually , the emotions are dealt with afterwards , as the new Doctor gets used to his new body .
Here , an outgoing Doctor got to face the ramifications of what was about to happen , and it was explored exceptionally well . "
Meanwhile , in The Times , Caitlin Moran dissected Smith 's debut .
" As if to remind us of how huge the Doctor Who Universe is , and how fast it gallops on , Smith wasted no time mourning his previous , dead self .
Instead , feeling his delicately featured face , he started in alarm , and shouted : ' Argh ! I 'm a girl ! ' "
A preview for the new series has been made available on the official Doctor Who website .
It shows Smith facing vampire - like creatures , hitting a Dalek with a mallet , and shouting what seems set to become his catchphrase : " Geronimo ! "
The trailer also hints at the return of Alex Kingston as River Song - an archaeologist who had appeared to have had an intimate relationship with The Doctor .
Her character was created by Steven Moffat , who has taken over from Davies as the head writer of the sci - fi franchise .
The new series is due on BBC One in the spring .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Is Critique Secular ?
Blasphemy , Injury , and Free Speech
by Talal Asad , Wendy Brown , Judith Butler , and Saba Mahmood
( California , 2009 )
This very rich little book seems to me a very good place to begin the new decade .
It is smart , informed , thoughtful , urgent — and properly unsettling .
It is also very difficult to read quickly or to summarize in short order .
It is well worth the effort .
The principal essays , by anthropologists Talal Asad and Saba Mahmood , take the Danish cartoon controversy as a starting point .
They review the contexts of the publication of the satirical cartoons of Mohammed in Jyllands - Posten , a Danish newspaper , and the angry responses that ensued ; they ask us to take seriously the fundamental incoherence of the assumptions about religion that underlie the dominant narratives of those events ( dominant narratives that were repeated again this week in the stories about a recent attack on one of the cartoonists . )
The book also includes an introduction by political scientist Wendy Brown and a response to the essays by philosopher Judith Butler .
The Danish cartoons were first published in 2005 .
The angry response from Muslims around the world was incomprehensible — and repellent — to many outside those communities .
In some places there were riots , and later boycotts of Danish goods .
The most common explanation for the violence in the English and European language press was that the production of images of Mohammad is prohibited by Islamic law and further that Muslim immigrants in Europe and elsewhere have failed to internalize the democratic value of free speech .
Jyllands - Posten , for its part , self - righteously claimed to be heroically rescuing free speech in the face of the fearful self - censorship practiced by Danish writers and artists with respect to criticism of Islam .
The incident was portrayed as a clash between the liberal values of an open society and an anti-modern , authoritarian , and superstitious religion .
In their essays , Asad and Mahmood convincingly argue that this narrative largely misses the point in almost every respect .
It misunderstands Islam ; it misunderstands the liberal political order ; and it misunderstands the complex common genealogy of Christianity and secularism .
Asad and Mahmood are expert guides to the many cultural and linguistic mistranslations of Islam that pervade the usual accounts of these events .
As important as these corrections are , however , they regard , and want us to regard , these corrections as merely illustrations of a larger problem , one that is not just about Islam .
They want us to recognize ourselves there .
The failures of modern secular law and politics affect everyone .
The divisions within the modern world between religious and secular are not natural ones .
They have a complex history .
Only by going back and taking seriously some of the turns that history has taken will we understand why religion has become such a contentious topic today .
Asad focuses on the “ self - owning ” individual of the liberal state and the many contradictions inherent in this invention .
Tacking back and forth between fascinating disquisitions on Muslim theology and the European history of laws against blasphemy , Asad questions the easy identification of Christianity , freedom , and democracy , the substitutability of individuals in the modern bureaucratic state , the delusions of our confidence in our own mature rejection of transcendence , the nature of belief , the secularization of the biblical injunction that the truth will make you free , the class prejudices built in to blasphemy prosecutions in England , and the heroic nature of secular criticism .
Most surprising , perhaps , for many , will be his explanation of the legal status of belief in Islam .
Asad says that individual belief is understood in Muslim law to be fundamentally inscrutable and that its coercion is always thought to be inappropriate .
What is of concern to Islamic law , he says , is “ seduction ” or the disruption of a living relationship .
“ What matters , finally , is belonging to a particular way of life in which the person does not own himself . ”
Saba Mahmood ’s essay takes up several other difficulties with the conventional account of the cartoons .
Throughout she expresses her skepticism about what she seems to regard as the premature “ juridification ” of the situation and of the capacity of law , modern secular law , to provide a remedy for the harm suffered .
Her essay begins with a careful re-description of the injury done by the cartoons .
Drawing on her own ethnographic study of contemporary Islam , Mahmood argues that many Muslims were not offended because a law against representation of the prophet was broken but because a person they loved and revered was insulted .
She considers two possible legal framings of the injury , one as an incidence of racism to be classified as a hate crime , the other in terms of blasphemy and free speech .
She then shows how each fails in this case for various reasons , but , that it is , in large part , because modern liberal law , a law that assumes a basically protestant , private and belief - based understanding of what religion is , does not recognize a more devotional embodied form of religious adherence .
“ While many of those I interviewed condemned the violent demonstrations , ” she says , “ they nonetheless expressed a sense of grief and sorrow . ”
Grief and sorrow akin to that felt in the case of an attack on a family member .
She ends her essay with a rejection of law in favor of education .
In the end , Asad and Mahmood are making more radical challenges than are perhaps acknowledged even by their deeply generous and sympathetic interlocutors Wendy Brown and Judith Butler to the capacity of even a well - meaning secular order to transform itself very soon .
A Different Sameness
The work of translation is urgent and , alas , only beginning , not just between the west and the rest , but also within the west .
Even scholars Wendy Brown and Judith Butler , profound critics themselves of the current order , are eager , like the rest of us , for a comfortable place of cultural inclusion and progressive reconstruction .
In her response to the essays Butler says that she is not sure where Asad and Mahmood come out on the conventions of critical discourse , on the relation of meaning or description and valuation or normative judgment .
In my view , it is no accident that Asad and Mahmood are unwilling to accede to this plea .
To do that is to give away the game , to accept the finality of the divisions of modernity , rather than showing the ways in which description and judgment are deeply entangled .
In their final rejoinders , both Asad and Mahmood reject Butler ’s attempt at understanding because it seems to want to contain or limit their critiques within the very philosophical framework that they have worked hard to dismantle ( notwithstanding her effort to expand the secular liberal order to include the work of philosophers Benjamin and Foucault ) .
The very divisions — description / evaluation , a comparison of moral frameworks — on which secular critique depends , do violence to the social histories they have told .
What is anthropology for ?
“ Applied ” anthropology , as in the hiring of anthropologists by the American military to help with understanding Afghanistan , for example , seems to assume that understanding difference can provide a road to a renewed progressive politics .
But anthropology is not just about translating other cultures .
It is also about understanding what Asad calls “ the modern secular condition we all inhabit . ”
The sameness is as important as the difference .
Asad and Mahmood each show us a different sameness than the sameness of the secular liberal order .
And it has a very long history .
Returning for a moment to the case of the Danish cartoons , consider another image that citizens of Denmark carry with them , both in cultural memory and literally , in their passports .
This image , from runic stones commissioned by a 10th century king , appears to bring together as bookends to this history two moments in European Christian triumphalism and xenophobic nationalism .
Or does it ?
The man - god there depicted , crucified on an invisible cross , is bound by the Celtic snakes of pre-Christian Denmark .
What is he doing in the passport ?
Does this image also blaspheme ?
Does its presence in the Danish passport constitute hate speech ?
The essays in this volume suggest that law cannot answer these questions and that there is much work to be done .
[ Correction :
This piece was initially posted in a slightly different version .
The current version reflects the author ’s emendations to our edits .
– Eds . ]
This site needs some work .
Web site designer .
Website for sale
http://www.fordesigner.comAll the materials uploaded by net friends .
Only learning .
All
The vector mentioned are the property of their respective owners , and are either freeware , shareware , demo versions or public domain .
The licence mentioned above the download button is just an indication .
Please check the indicated author 's website for details , and contact him / her if in doubt .
If no author / licence is indicated that 's because we do n't have information , that does n't mean it 's free .
If violation of your copyright , please e-mail told we would be removed within 5 working days !
Submit free resources and all other matters , please contact fordesigner2@gmail.com .
IF YOU ENJOY THE COMIC , PLEASE CONSIDER A SMALL DONATION .
THANKS !
“ We ’re adding a little something to this party ’s Pin The Tail On The Donkey game .
As you all know first prize is a Sega Genesis .
Anyone wanna see second prize ?
Second prize is a set of POGS .
Third prize is you ’re fired .
Get the picture ?
You laughing now ? ”
“ Wait . Fired ?
Like From the Party ?
Or the family ? ! ”
As a True Believer [ TM ] and a lifelong Spider - Man fan , I only feel relief at the mercy killing of most recent Raimi / Macguire Spider - Man movie .
After Spider - Man 3 ( which was so turdtastic that I started a webcomic just to bitch about it ) , I really have no interest in any continuation of that particular franchise .
I swear if I ever meet James Franco I ’m just going to punch him right in the head .
He should know better .
Shame on you , James Franco .
A thousand times , shame .
Tobey Macguire has actually done kids parties in the red and blue suit .
What other actor / role do you think would make for great childhood birthday memories / future therapy sessions ?
BONUS QUESTION :
What do you want to see in a Spider - Man film franchise reboot ?
ALSO !
There ’s a familiar character in this “ Truly Epic ” comic .
I 've always been interested in where people go to college and what sort of trends pro teams may have when they recruit players .
Thus two years ago going into the conference championship game I put that interest into action and created a spreadsheet which separated the 4 remaining NFL teams rosters by conference .
I tallied up the total players , marked down which NFL team scooped up the most players , and noted some notable players from each conference .
And of course pulled together a little conclusion and analysis at the end .
This year , like last year , I 'm slightly ahead of the game and have created the list for all playoff teams .
If you desire to see all the players , I have a spreadsheet located here .
Now onto the Conference by Conference breakdown sorted by which Conference has the most representatives during this postseason .
SEC ( 104 )
The SEC leads the way with the most players for the first time in the three years I 've done this .
They 've gotten a nice influx of Florida with Harvin and Taylor joining the playoff brigade and they of course have Peyton Manning .
The rest of the squad though is n't as hyped up as some of the other conferences .
Finally Vandy for the second straight year is lacking any representation and for the first year is the ONLY BCS SCHOOL with no alumni in the playoffs .
Somewhere Jay Cutler is crying ... and throwing another interception .
Most Notable Players : Peyton Manning , Joseph Addai , Lito Sheppard , Felix Jones , Percy Harvin , Fred Taylor , Ben Watson , Alan Faneca , the " Blindside "
Biggest School Contributor : LSU with 18
Schools Without Representation : Vandy
NFL Team With Most Players : Bengals with 14
Big Ten ( 97 )
The Big Ten is storming in this playoffs .
With 97 players they have the second most of any conference .
They also have the team with the most alumni in the postseason .
That team is the Michigan Wolverines with a whopping 20 .
The Wolverines beat out the Buckeyes for the first time this decade in something related to football as the Buckeyes have a respectable 14 players in the mix .
Each Big 10 member has at least one player in the dance with the Jets having the most Big Tenners at 13 .
Most Notable Players : Tom Brady , Dallas Clark , Bob Sanders , Steve Hutchinson , Derrick Mason , Braylon Edwards , Nick Mangold , AJ Hawk , Aaron Kampman , Leon Hall , David Harris , Charles Woodson , Marlin Jackson , Marion Barber , Beanie Wells , Antoine Winfield , Will Smith , Steve Breaston , Drew Brees
Biggest School Contributor : Michigan with 20
Schools Without Representation : None
NFL Team With Most Players : Jets with 13
Big 12 ( 87 )
The Big 12 has 86 members but lacks a certain amount of punch to be completely honest .
Outside of Peterson , ACL - less Wes Welker and perhaps Ty Warren the Big 12 has no might .
Nebraska leads the way with 12 , which is a bit surprising given how down their 00s decade was in comparison to the Longhorns and Sooners .
Most Notable Players : Adrien Peterson , Wes Welker , Ty Warren , Roy Williams , Roy Williams 2 , Terence Newman
Biggest School Contributor : Nebraska with 12
Schools Without Representation : None
NFL Team With Most Players : Saints and Packers with 10
ACC ( 84 )
The ACC cooled down from its dominance of the past two seasons and has exactly 10 less players than it did last year .
This can be attributed mostly to the lack of New York Giants who are an ACC squad .
Again the ACC is mostly lead by the 3 newbies ( Miami , VT and BC ) whom account for 30 of the 84 spots .
The U , not surprisingly , leads the way with 14 which includes the most notable players from the conference .
Most Notable Players : Anquan Boldin , Ray Lewis , Ed Reed , Reggie Wayne , Samari Rolle , Antonio Cromartie , Shawne Merriman , Antrel Rolle , Vince Wilfork , Jonathan Vilma , Jeremy Shockey , Philip Rivers , Thomas Jones , Michael Vick
Biggest School Contributor : Miami with 14 .
Schools Without Representation : None
NFL Team With Most Players : Jets , Saints and Ravens with 10
Pac 10 ( 70 )
The Pac 10 is USC and Quarterback driven .
Three of the 12 starting quarterbacks went to a Pac 10 school while USC contributes 18 of the 70 Pac 10 players .
DeSean Jackson , Chad OchoCinco and Todd Heap would likely make a nice receiving corps as well .
Most Notable Players : Todd Heap , Terrell Suggs , Haloti Ngata , Mark Sanchez , Carson Palmer , Chad OchoCinco , Clay Matthews , DeSean Jackson , Aaron Rodgers
Biggest School Contributor : USC with 18 .
Schools Without Representation : None
NFL Team With Most Players : Saints and Packers with 8
Big East ( 47 )
The Big East provides some cream of the crop players but not much depth .
McNabb and Freeney went to Cuse when they did not suck .
Darrelle Revis and Larry Fitzgerald are arguably the best players at their position in the league .
After that you get to some good but not great players like Kerry Rhodes , Donald Brown , Trent Cole and LJ Smith .
Pitt leads the way with 9 players .
Most Notable Players : Donovan McNabb , Larry Fitzgerald , Dwight Freeney , Darrelle Revis , Kerry Rhodes , Donald Brown , Trent Cole , LJ Smith , Ray Rice , Brian Leonard
Biggest School Contributor : Pitt with 9
Schools Without Representation : None
NFL Team With Most Players :
Philly with 7
Mountain West ( 33 )
The Mountain West is a San Diego theme .
The Chargers and Aztecs lead the way in both categories .
Outside of LDT , theres a lot of boredom and role players .
Most Notable Players : LDT , Austin Collie , Malcom Floyd
Biggest School Contributor : San Diego St. and BYU with 8
Schools Without Representation : UNLV & Air Force
NFL Team With Most Players : San Diego with 6 .
WAC ( 24 )
The WAC is where superstars are not born but middle of the pack wide receivers on the other hand ...
Most Notable Players : Bernard Berrian , Kevin Curtis , James Jones
Biggest School Contributor : Fresno St. with 7 .
Schools Without Representation : Idaho
NFL Team With Most Players : Packers with 5 .
Conference USA ( 25 )
4 studs and not much else .
Conference USA provides the playoffs Randy Moss , Brett Favre and two of the best DBs in the league in Asante and Atari .
The conference then falls off the map .
Most Notable Players : Randy Moss , Asante Samuel , Brett Favre , Atari Bigby
Biggest School Contributor : UCF , UTEP and Marshall with 4 .
Schools Without Representation : East Carolina and Tulane
NFL Team With Most Players : Minnesota and Philadelphia with 4 .
MAC ( 18 )
The MAC gives us Antonio Gates , who did n't even play football , and Chester Taylor .
Then you get nothing and like it .
Somehow Kent St. has 5 players in the playoffs .
Most Notable Players : Antonio Gates , Chester Taylor
Biggest School Contributor : Kent State with 5
Schools Without Representation : Ohio , Miami and Akron
NFL Team With Most Players : San Diego and Dallas with 4
Independents ( 11 )
Independents is now down to three teams with WKU entering the Sunbelt thus Kyle Eckel is the lone representative for either Army or Navy .
The rest is Notre Dame which is pretty much Ryan Grant and Bertrand Berry .
Most Notable Players : Ryan Grant , Bertrand Berry
Biggest School Contributor : Notre Dame with 10 .
Schools Without Representation : Army
NFL Team With Most Players : Cincy and Philly with 2
Sun Belt ( 8 )
The Sun Belt had a much better list last season .
This list is DeMarcu Ware and nothing else .
Most Notable Players : DeMarcus Ware
Biggest School Contributor : Louisiana - Lafayette , Troy and WKU with 2 .
Schools Without Representation : Florida Atlantic
NFL Team With Most Players : Miami and Carolina with 2 .
Division 1 - AA , D2 and Lower ( 118 )
It appears as if a lot of talent slips through D - 1's finger tips .
Three of the quarterbacks were D1 - AA .
The top pass rusher was D1 - AA .
The combo of Austin , Crayton , Colston and Vincent Jackson would make an unstoppable Wideout combo .
Throw in a healthy Westbrook and a little bit of Bart Scott psycho and you 'd have yourself a damn good team .
Most Notable Players : Joe Flacco , Brian Westbrook , Jared Allen , Kurt Warner , Adam Vinatieri , Bart Scott , Dominique Rodgers - Cromartie , Tony Romo , Patrick Crayton , Miles Austin , Al Harris , Marques Colston , Darren Sharper , Vincent Jackson
Biggest School Contributor : Howard with 5
NFL Team With Most Players : Arizona with 15
Conclusion and Analysis
~ Once again this is done by current conference alignment and not what conference these players actually played for when they went to school .
Therefore the ACC massively benefits from its inclusion of Miami whereas many of those players actually played in the Big East .
~ The SEC finally takes home the crown of most players , this the third year running .
~ The Armed Forces is not a very good gateway to the NFL as Navy , Army and Air Force combine for one player in the playoffs .
~ Tom Brady makes the Big Ten 's list a lot prettier this year .
~ Randy Moss 's inclusion makes Conference USA 's list look prettier this year , but it is missing a certain 2000 yard rusher it had last year .
~ There are 118 or so D1 programs and yet three of the playoff starters slipped through the D1 fingers .
~ Why do so many kickers not go to major D1 schools ?
~ I find it amazing that of the major BCS conferences only Vandy lack any kind of representation .
That 's pretty damn poor .
Even Duke has one alumni in the playoffs .
Vandy has ZERO .
* All Rosters were taking from ESPN.com using their active 53 man roster list .
If a player is on the PUP or IR he is not included .
Pundits have asked themselves why it is so difficult for the Democrats to get things done even with 60 votes in the Senate , whereas the Republicans seem to do just fine with 50 votes in the Senate .
I suspect that there are a number of reasons for this .
But one reason that deserves mentioning is that Democrats believe in the importance of the federal government , and Republicans believe in the importance of thwarting Democrats .
Consider the following table , which illustrates the values to Democrats and Republicans when the Democrats are in majorities in Congress .
When Democrats control congress keep government going gridlock Republicans 1 9 Democrats 9 1
The numbers are made up .
But the key element is that Republicans would rather see nothing done at all than seriously compromise with the Democrats to pass legislation .
On the other hand , consider the reverse situation in which Republicans are in charge .
When Republicans control Congress keep government going gridlock Republicans 7 3 Democrats 7 3
Here the Democrats really do n’t want government to shut down , and they are willing to go far more than half way to meet the Republicans .
In this case , even the Republicans are willing to compromise a little .
For example , the Republicans were willing to greatly increase the National debt under Bush rather than having permanent gridlock so long as the wealthiest Americans could get a tax cut and Bush was able to start two wars ; however , on other important issues such as having two ultra-conservative judges appointed to the Supreme Court , they stood by their principles and were even willing to get rid of filibusters .
I ’m not sure what the moral of this story is , except perhaps that is sucks to be a Democrat .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Democrats , Game theory , Republicans , Supermajority
In 1960 , a committee of educators working under the leadership of the visionary University of California President Clark Kerr handed Pat Brown , an equally farsighted governor , something he ’d long hoped for : a master plan for higher education in California .
Brown and Kerr shared a desire to create a system that would simultaneously encourage academic excellence and equality of opportunity for students of every class and background .
They succeeded beyond even their expansive dreams and , in the process , created not simply a network of world - class academic institutions but also a great engine of social progress and prosperity for the California economy .
The plan guaranteed the top 12.5 % of the state ’s high school graduates places in the UC system ; the top one - third of graduates were assured places in the state colleges ; and free community colleges were open to all .
A graduate of the latter ’s two - year programs was guaranteed admission as a transfer student to a university or state college .
Fees and books at those institutions amounted to a few hundred dollars a year .
A special legislative session passed the plan as the Donahoe Higher Education Act and , within short order , slightly more than half of all California high school graduates were attending college -- in an era when less than a third of all Americans went on to higher education .
The public universities ’ burgeoning web of affordable professional schools amplified the system ’s effect .
Its contribution to the decades of unparalleled prosperity that followed ca n’t be calculated .
Advertisement
Of all the damage that has been done in recent years by Sacramento ’s habitual flight from fiscal responsibility -- particularly during the disastrous Schwarzenegger years -- none has been more injurious or perverse than the budgetary mistreatment of the state ’s universities and community colleges .
Starved for adequate funds , what was once California ’s greatest guarantor of social mobility based on merit has become , in fact , a force for the growing inequality that threatens this state ’s future .
Today , just 36.3 % of California ’s high school graduates go on to college , compared with better than 40 % nationally .
Among the country ’s 20 largest states , we now rank 18th in the percentage of 12th graders who go directly to college and 17th in the number who ever seek higher education .
The well - documented decline of California ’s primary and secondary schools has played a role in that ; only 20 states spend less per pupil than we do , and we rank next to last in student - teacher ratios .
On top of that , the costs of higher education have become too much for many families .
Over the last decade , UC fees have increased 300 % to $ 10,302 annually , and a student planning to live on campus now needs $ 27,502 a year .
A California State University student living at home still must be prepared to pony up $ 4,827 a year .
It costs $ 40,522 to attend UCLA Law School for a year and $ 41,654 for UC Berkeley ’s business school .
In an overlooked essay in the New Republic recently , the magazine ’s senior editor , John B. Judis , noted California ’s well - known loss over the last decade of more than one - quarter of its manufacturing and mid-level office jobs , formerly crucial rungs on the social mobility ladder , particularly for African Americans and Latinos .
He went on , moreover , to point out that those losses masked some disturbing aspects of the state ’s economic success stories .
The state ’s economy , Judis wrote , “ currently boasts some of the country ’s leading - edge industries , including computer and telecommunication hardware and software , biotechnology , alternative energy , entertainment ( one of the country ’s biggest exports ) and aerospace technology .
These industries provide high wages and help pay for state government .
But except , perhaps , for alternative energy , they ’re different from the industries that triggered California ’s earlier booms .
They enjoy extremely high rates of productivity , which means they increase their output without creating millions of new jobs . ”
Advertisement
Is it any wonder , then , that over the last two decades , the annual share of California ’s total income garnered by the top 1 % of the state ’s earners went from 13.8 % to 25.2 % ?
That means the most affluent 20 % of our population now has an average yearly income nearly eight times that of the poorest fifth of the state .
So , while budget cuts continue to push advanced education beyond the reach of a growing number of Californians , our public universities and colleges are helping to create an economy that increasingly dooms those without degrees to a kind of perpetual helotry .
Inadvertent or not , this is social policy that has moved from mere perversity into outright pornography .
We are , it seems , a state removed from 1960 by more than time .
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
‘ Tangerinegate ’
Can you believe what our Prime Minister did with a tangerine ?
But can you believe that my phone call ended up in the Financial Times ?
And on the BBC show The Bubble ( 14 mins 15 secs in to be precise ) .
And The Telegraph and The Sun .
And animated by a Hong Kong news channel …
And the full story on the BBC website .
Always believe the news .
PS – Sorry , Mr B .
PPS – Props to the FT for smelling a ( citric ) rat !
PPS – Oh , and here ’e the wiki page .
THREE members of Aceh ’s “ morality ” police in the Indonesian Muslim province of Aceh have been accused ofÂ gang - raping and torturing a 20 - year - ol dÂ female student just over a week ago .
Aceh ’s Shariah Police deputy commander said :
We are enraged by this .
We are ashamed by their actions .
The shock is still there .
The actions of these three individuals have marred the image of Shariah Police in the eyes of the Acehnese forever .
He added :
They should have been role models for upholding Islamic law but their actions did not in any way reflect the behavior of men of honour .
Police have arrested two of the alleged rapists , members of the Wilayatul Hisbah or Sharia Police , and are tracking down a third officer , who has already been declared a suspect .
The three officers had allegedly taken turns raping the 20 - year - old student in a police detention cell after arresting her for allegedly engaging in an immoral act with her boyfriend .
Both the girl and her boyfriend were brought in by police and questioned over the alleged violation of the Shariah Public Indecency Law 2003 .
According to this report , a medical examination confirmed that the victim had been grievously sexually assaulted and that she had suffered a severe hemorrhage as a result of the rape .
In 2003 , Aceh province opened its first shariah court , which implements laws based on Islamic teachings – including the stoning of women for adultery .
Â
These laws cover almost all elements of life in the province , including obligating Muslim women to wear a jilbab .
Any Muslim who breaks these rules can be sentenced to a public caning or a fine .
Hat Tip : Alan H
WHEN Angela and Maryanne Vourlis woke up yesterday , their 20th birthday , they logged on to Facebook expecting to read well wishes and greetings from friends .
Horrifically , the twins were confronted with the devastating news their brother Bobby , 17 , had been killed in a triple - fatal accident .
He and two friends died when the car they were in crashed in heavy rain in Sydney 's west early yesterday .
" I did n't get it .
All these people were writing , ' RIP Chris Naylor ' and ' RIP Bobby ' , and I thought : ' What 's going on ? ' , " Angela said .
Desperate for reassurance there was a mistake , she tried over and over to ring her brother .
" I kept ringing and messaging but could n't get on to him .
So I rang Mum and said : ' Chris Naylor must have died - I just read it on Facebook .
But where 's Bobby ?
People are writing ' RIP Bobby ' too . '
" Mum said ' Bobby was with Chris Naylor last night ' . "
Online social networking had delivered the mother and daughter the worst possible news .
Heartbreakingly , a police delay in notifying the family meant Mrs Vourlis had to ring St Marys police to ask about her son's death - almost six hours after he had been killed .
Bobby 's uncle Peter Matelis said it beggared belief that police had not contacted the family immediately after the accident .
" It 's every parent 's worst nightmare to lose a child in a car accident , but to have to hear it on Facebook , then have to chase up the police yourself , is just horrifying , " Mr Matelis said .
Bobby was " the best 17 - year - old boy you could find " , he said .
" He had a good career as a boat mechanic and had a bright future ahead of him . "
Superintendent Ray Filewood defended the delay yesterday and said that police had difficulty confirming Bobby 's identity .
" Once his identity was firmly established , St Marys police contacted Mt Druitt police to send a car to the Vourlis residence , " he said .
" In the interim , Mrs Vourlis contacted St Marys police , who confirmed the death of their son . "
Bobby was one of three teenagers killed when the Ford Falcon XR6 they were in slammed into a pole on the Great Western Highway at Colyton , near St Marys , at 3.15 am .
The accident , and a single fatality at Gunning in the state 's south , took this year 's road toll to 51 - 23 more deaths than this time last year .
The P - plate driver and car owner Chris Naylor , 19 , from Dean Park , was driving the group of friends home to their houses when he lost control in heavy rain .
Friends said he was a " good , fun guy " who had recently saved enough money to buy his dream car .
" He was a good guy , good fun to be around . . . he did n't deserve to go like this , " friend Tom Connor said .
Rear - seat passenger Kelsie Coleman , 15 , from Bidwill , also died .
" Kelsie was a bright young girl .
She was responsible . . . and she had the world at her feet , " a family spokesman said .
The other rear - seat passengers - Racheal Graham , 17 , of Bidwill , and Laura Daniels , 16 , of Oakhurst , were treated at Nepean Hospital for multiple non-life threatening injuries .
Ms Daniels ' uncle Rob Daniels said that while the young girl 's injuries were minor , she would bear the emotional scars from the crash for the rest of her life .
" She will have to live with that forever .
That 's pretty tough , " Mr Daniels said .
Eight hours after the Colyton deaths , a man 's body was found in a crashed car at Gunning , near Yass .
His Nissan Navara utility had left the road and hit several pine trees .
Originally published as Death on Facebook first
When I was packing for university , I found it extremely difficult to let go of some of the things I owned .
I knew I could n’t take everything with me , but I kept asking myself ‘ how could I possibly throw this away ?’.
What if I need it one day ?
What about all of the memories ?
Now that I ’ve moved , and left that stuff behind , I do n’t even miss it .
Whether or not I got rid of it , it barely makes a bit of difference to me now .
I ’ve learned that over time people forget , or their need for a particular object eventually diminishes .
Either they store it away or they get rid of it .
You might think nostalgically about the toys you cared about when you were a child , but what is making you smile now is not the thing itself but the memory of it .
I ’ve heard it a hundred times , “ you do n’t need things to make you happy ” .
It takes something life changing like moving across the country to realise how true this is .
Speaking of which , for a lot of people , minimalism is about being able to move .
It ’s about being able to go almost anywhere at any time because you do n’t have many possessions to carry .
When you keep things you do n’t need they become a burden that tie you to a place .
Moving to university was a good time to let go of a lot of stuff .
And when I visit for the holidays , I ’ll probably get rid of even more , to lighten the burden .
Of course , there are exceptions .
There are some things that are irreplaceable , very rare or expensive or we simply love and cherish for some reason or another , we are human after all .
But after we keep those , how much is left that we do n’t really need ?
Hence , minimalism .
And why does minimalism bring happiness ?
This was a bit of a roundabout way of saying that it ’s because what really makes me happy is freedom .
And the key to freedom is minimalism because minimalism reduces our attachment to things .
Attachment to too many objects create clutter and can severely hinder our freedom to do whatever we want , whereas minimalism helps us start new projects , move , travel , learn new things , meditate , work , expand , be debt free , be healthy – really living life to our full potential .
I left the nest to fly onwards and upwards , I ca n’t do it with old things weighing me down .
And that is why I have adopted minimalism with open arms .
Related Posts
One day , towards the end of summer , I walked into my living room and found my cats playing " Secret CIA Prison " with a bat .
He was alive , but just barely .
He lay on my floor twitching , his wings torn to Swiss cheese .
The cats looked up at me as if to say , " We do good work , yes ? "
I locked them in the bedroom and called the vet .
Fortunately , the cats were all up on their shots .
Unfortunately , I could n't tell the vet how the bat had gotten into the house , nor how long he'd been there .
" You should maybe call your doctor , " she said .
On average , 55,000 people worldwide die from rabies every year , but only two or three of those cases happen in the United States , thanks to widespread vaccination of domestic animals and availability of post - bite treatment for humans .
Today , when Americans die of rabies , it 's usually because they did n't realize they 'd been bitten until it was too late — which is to say , when they first noticed symptoms .
See , we know how to prevent rabies , but we have absolutely no idea how to cure it .
In fact , we do n't even really know how it kills people .
Despite ( and , perhaps , because of ) its status as one of the first viruses to be tamed by a vaccine , rabies remains a little - understood disease .
It 's a mystery that makes doctors understandably nervous .
Just a week before I found my bat , some friends of mine in St. Paul had woken up to find a bat in their bedroom .
Being asleep is one of those times when tiny bat teeth could bite you without you being aware of it .
My friends had to get post - exposure prophylaxis , a treatment designed to neutralize any rabies virus in your system before it has a chance to reach your brain and develop into a full - blown infection .
" You think about flu , that 's a very quick virus .
You develop symptoms in a couple of days .
In a week , it 's passed .
But rabies incubation is very long , " said Zhen Fu , DVM Ph.D. , professor of pathology in the College of Veterinary Medicine at the University of Georgia .
" It may be weeks or even months before you develop an active infection .
So we have enough time after a bite to immunize with normal vaccine and bring up the immune system . "
That means five doses of vaccine , over the course of 28 days , according the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
If there 's also an obvious bite , doctors will clean the wound and apply rabies antibody serum to the site .
The antibodies are basically the key part of a lock - and - key system that tells your immune system to destroy anything the key fits .
The idea is that antibodies will help destroy most of the virus at the site of entry , while the vaccine will train your body to knock out any strays it finds elsewhere .
The CDC also recommends a shot of antibodies , separate from the vaccine , even if there is no obvious bite .
This one - two punch is almost 100 % effective , provided you get it in time .
How fast is " in time " ?
Nobody really knows .
The CDC says that , as long as a bite victim is n't yet symptomatic , they should get the prophylaxis .
Dr. Fu said that the window of opportunity can vary in length , depending on how close the bite is to the person 's central nervous system .
Without post - exposure prophylaxis , rabies is fatal .
By the time symptoms–fever , confusion , partial paralysis , difficulty swallowing –appear , it 's too late .
There 's not much doctors can do after that , because they are n't even sure what the virus is doing to you .
" We do n't know how rabies kills people .
There are some unproven hypotheses , but that 's it , " Dr. Fu said .
" One idea is that , once the infection reaches the neurons in the brain , it blocks the transmission of messages from the brain to the rest of the body .
If that 's the case , it could explain many of the phenomenon we see in humans and animals , such as end - stage paralysis .
That could even be why humans die , because of paralysis of muscles in the heart and lungs . "
Given the lack of information and the risk of death , it 's not surprising that even a situation like mine , where a bite was extremely unlikely , ended with a referral to a nearby hospital for post - exposure prophylaxis .
But , after several conversations between the emergency room doctor and the Minnesota state rabies hotline , I ended up not getting it .
Turns out , sneak - attack bites do n't really happen to wide - awake , sober , cognitively normal adults in the middle of the day .
The chance that I or my husband were actually bitten by the bat before the cats set upon it was so small that , on the advice of medical professionals , we decided that it was n't worth the pain , potential side - effects , or cost of treatment .
That 's right .
I am my own death panel .
But on the off - chance that I do come down with symptoms — there 've been cases of rabies incubating for up to a year — is there really no hope ?
Well , sort of .
Maybe .
Ish .
Researchers have been experimenting with a treatment that they think could save the lives of people with full - blown rabies .
Called the Milwaukee Protocol , it involves putting the patient into a coma and also giving them antiviral medication .
The idea is that the human immune system — with some help from antivirals — can fight off a rabies infection , while the coma limits damage to the brain that seems to be a common cause of rabies death .
In 2004 , a teenage girl who received this treatment became the first person — ever — to survive symptomatic rabies without having received the vaccine either before being bitten , or before symptoms appeared .
The problem :
We still do n't know whether the Milwaukee Protocol actually works .
It 's been tried — and failed — at least 13 times since 2004 , according to a 2009 paper published in the journal Current Infectious Disease Reports .
There are two reported successes , but in one of those the patient received the vaccine before her she became symptomatic .
The other success is very recent and there are n't many details available yet .
So why did the first girl survive ?
Again , nobody knows .
It 's possible that either she had a particularly hardcore immune system , or the variant of the virus she contracted was particularly weak , or both .
When she was diagnosed , she had rabies antibodies in her cerebral spinal fluid — something that would indicate the presence of rabies in her brain — but doctors were n't able to isolate any actual virus — suggesting that her body was already on its way to winning the fight before the Milwaukee Protocol was used .
Unfortunately , any effort to really conquer rabies may be hampered by the fact that the vaccine works so well , Dr. Fu said .
" Treatments have n't been successful because we do n't know what it 's doing in the brain , " he said .
" We need more research but , usually , once you have a good vaccine the funding for the research goes away . "
New England Journal of Medicine : Survival After Treatment of Rabies With Induction of Coma
Current Infectious Disease Reports : Update on Rabies Diagnosis and Treatment
Image courtesy Flickr user WilsonB , via CC
The Washington Post reported Monday .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The FBI violated the law in collecting thousands of U.S. telephone records during the Bush administration , reported Monday .
Citing internal memos and interviews , the Post said the FBI invoked nonexistent terrorism emergencies or persuaded phone companies to provide information as it illegally gathered more than 2,000 records between 2002 and 2006 .
The bureau said in 2007 that it had improperly obtained some phone records , and the Justice Department inspector general is expected to release a report this month detailing the extent of the problem .
FBI general counsel Valerie Caproni told the Post that agents technically violated the Electronic Communications Privacy Act , which was enacted in 1986 , by citing nonexistent emergencies to collect records .
" We should have stopped those requests from being made that way , " she said .
Documents obtained by the Post show that FBI managers as high as the assistant director level approved the emergency requests .
Caproni said FBI Director Robert Mueller did not know about the requests until late 2006 or early 2007 , after the inspector general 's investigation had begun .
Caproni told the Post that the bureau will await the inspector general 's report before deciding whether disciplinary action is warranted .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
[ edit : for more analysis , see EFA Chair Nic Suzor 's blog post : iiNet did not ‘ authorise ’ ; providing internet access is not providing the ‘ means ’ of infringement ’ ; safe harbours are effective . ]
And with one tweet , iiNet CEO Michael Malone announces the result that we 've all been waiting for :
IiNet did not authorize the infringements #iitrial
More analysis will follow when the full written judgment is handed down , but it is apparent that the Judge was convinced that iiNet has no control over bittorrent and is not responsible for the acitons of its users in the circumstances alleged by AFACT .
From the preliminary information available , this sounds like a decision that is absolutely consistent with the theory of secondary copyright liability developed in the US case of Sony v Universal : the lack of control over the system means that iiNet has no legal responsibility over its users , despite knowledge that some users are obviously infringing copyright .
In terms of the decision in Moorhouse , iiNet could not be seen as ' approving , sanctioning , or countenancing ' the infringing acts of its users .
This decision seems to fill the gap with the Kazaa and Cooper decisions in Australia , which both found that the intermediary in question facilitated and encouraged the infringements that occurred .
This provides important certainty for ISPs in Australia : " the mere provision of access to internet is not the means to infringement " .
It also seems that more generally , this has important ramifications for innovation in Australia ; in contrast with Kazaa , if you provide facilities that assist in infringement , but do not have control and do not act in bad faith , you will not be liable for secondary copyright infringement .
AFACT has been ordered to pay iiNet 's costs .
Expect an appeal , but this first instance decision seems quite strong in favour of iiNet .
Stay tuned for further analysis .
Wembley Stadium ( usually shortened to just Wembley ) is a stadium , located in Wembley Park in London , England .
Primarily an association football venue , Wembley is owned by The Football Association ( The FA ) via its subsidiary Wembley National Stadium Limited , and hosts the home international matches of the England national football team and the main English domestic cup finals .
The Stadium is also used for music concerts and other sporting events .
Wembley will host the 2011 UEFA Champions League Final .
Wembley 's 90,000 capacity makes it the second largest stadium in Europe ( after Camp Nou ) and one of the largest ( and tallest ) in the world with every seat under cover .
It is one of the most expensive stadia ever built , costing close to £ 800 million ( roughly US $ 1.57 billion ) .
Immediately following its opening , it was often referred to as the " new Wembley Stadium " to distinguish it from the original stadium .
The land has been used for football since as early as the 1880s .
The previous Wembley Stadium ( originally known as the British Empire Exhibition Stadium or Empire Stadium ) was one of the world 's most famous football stadiums , being England 's national stadium for football , and , because of the geographical origins of the game , was often referred to as " The Home of Football " .
It hosted the European Cup ( now the UEFA Champions League ) final a record five times , and is one of seventeen stadiums to have held a FIFA World Cup final .
Though the original structure was closed in 2000 , it was not demolished until 2003 , after which construction began on the new stadium , originally intended to open in 2006 .
This was later delayed until early 2007 .
The final completion date of the stadium was 9 March 2007 , when the stadium was handed over to the FA .
Structure :
The stadium contains 2,618 toilets , more than any other venue in the world .
The stadium has a circumference of 1 km ( 0.6 mi ) .
At its peak , there were more than 3,500 construction workers on site .
4,000 separate piles form the foundations of the new stadium , the deepest of which is 35 m ( 115 ft ) .
There are 56 km ( 35 miles ) of heavy - duty power cables in the stadium .
90,000 m³ ( 120,000 cu yds ) of concrete and 23,000 tonnes ( 25,000 short tons ) of steel were used in the construction of the new stadium .
The total length of the escalators is 400 m ( ¼ mi ) .
The Wembley Arch has a cross-sectional diameter greater than that of a cross-channel Eurostar train .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
Well WTF BioWare ?
Listen , I totally share Kat ’s sentiment towards you guys , but I also share the sentiment that I love perving out .
on Dragon Age : Origins – Awakening ’s website they have a rather handy FAQ :
1.7 – If I had a romance in Origins , does it carry over into Awakening ?
Romances do not carry forward in Awakening , because you are away from your previous life fighting a new threat .
Now this is to be expected unless you wind up marrying and taking over the crown in the end .
For male protagonists you ’re primary romantic interest ( Morrigan ) is off with your child in the woods and there is no guarantee that Leliana will be with you at the moment .
Even if she is there is go guarantee your love interest will fit in , have the right skills , or be needed in the new campaign .
But then I read further :
1.8 – Who can I romance in Dragon Age : Origins – Awakening ?
There are no romances options available in Awakening .
The story is focused more on the mission at hand and the new threat to Ferelden .
Come on now .
You mean to tell me my character is n’t going to go looking for strange when off in a new land ?
You apparently do n’t know my character very well .
Let me clue you in .
She ’s an angry bitter whore of a city elf who does what she wants .
Sure the primary male main character I have is a fine upstanding fella , but the girl ?
She ’s gonna find a way to tent .
Mark my words .
What the FAQ does say that really makes me excited is that :
1.9 – Which Dragon Age : Origins NPC will be returning ?
Besides Oghren who plays a large role in Awakening , there are cameos and returning characters …
For me , Oghren was phenomenal comedic fodder .
We had some wonderful analogies and misunderstood references .
I laughed for hours when I heard Ohgren use the term “ Pike Twirler ” .
I actually looked at my fiance and asked if she wanted to “ grease up the ol’ bronto ” .
She said no .
I think it worried her a little .
( thanks to reddit for catching the above typo .
you ’re always there for me . )
When asked her opinion Kat ( who may be BioWare ’s biggest fan … she may even be stalking them ) responded with :
Learning the fact that you ca n’t romance in DA : O - A …almost makes me feel like …eff that .
Totally takes the wind out of the sails .
While we are still going to purchase and play the crap out of it because … well … that ’s what we do , we will still feel like something is missing .
Like the game is slightly incomplete .
While it ’s entirely possible that we wont even notice the lack of tenting I am still going to miss it .
To check out the FAQ you can find it on the Dragon Age : Origins – Awakening website .
The long - awaited report by the OPR ( the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility ) into the conduct of the lawyers in the OLC ( Office of Legal Counsel ) , regarding their role in approving the use of torture , has finally been published ( an ACLU copy is here , and it ’s also on the Torture Database ) .
The report largely focuses on two memos dated August 1 , 2002 , and a third dated March 14 , 2003 .
Widely known as the “ torture memos , ” these notorious documents sought to redefine torture so that it could be used by the CIA ( and by the US military in the March 2003 memo ) , and the report concludes that the primary author of the memos , John Yoo , an OLC lawyer who is now a law professor at Boalt Hall , the University of California ’s School of Law in Berkeley , and the senior official who signed the August 2002 memos , Assistant Attorney General Jay S. Bybee , who is now a judge in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , were guilty of “ professional misconduct . ”
As the report explained , in no uncertain terms :
Based on the results of our investigation , we concluded that former Deputy AAG John
Yoo committed intentional professional misconduct when he violated his duty to exercise independent legal judgment and render thorough , objective , and candid legal advice .
We found that AAG Jay Bybee committed professional misconduct when he acted in reckless disregard of his duty to exercise independent legal judgment and render thorough , objective , and candid legal advice .
A footnote added , “ Pursuant to Department policy , we will notify bar counsel in the States where Yoo & Bybee are licensed ” — with the clear sub - text that these notifications would almost certainly lead to both men being disbarred , and that Bybee might find himself impeached .
These actions might then have led to the possibility of prosecutions taking place for those who engineered America ’s emergence , in the summer of 2002 , as a nation that officially sanctioned the use of torture .
Unfortunately , as Newsweek reported three weeks ago , the devastating conclusions of the report — which took four years to complete — were swept aside by Associate Deputy Attorney General David Margolis , who downgraded the report ’s conclusions .
In a 69 - page memo to Attorney General Eric Holder , dated January 5 , 2010 ( available here via the ACLU , and on the Torture Database here ) , Margolis , a career official who has worked at the DoJ for 17 years and has a history of shielding officials from allegations of misconduct , asserted that Yoo and Bybee had only shown “ poor judgment . ”
As a result , two slaps on the wrist are all that have emerged from an investigation into one of the darkest periods of modern American history .
This , of course , is disgraceful .
One of the techniques approved by Yoo and Bybee was waterboarding , a form of controlled drowning that was referred to by the torturers of the Spanish Inquisition as “ tortura del agua . ”
Even more significantly , both Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder are on record as stating that waterboarding is torture .
As I explained in an article last March :
In an interview with ABC News on January 11 , [ 2009 , ] President - Elect Obama responded to a recent CBS interview with Dick Cheney , in which the then - Vice President had sounded his usual alarms abut the need for “ extraordinary ” policies to deal with terror suspects , by stating , “ Vice President Cheney I think continues to defend what he calls extraordinary measures or procedures and from my view waterboarding is torture .
I have said that under my administration we will not torture . ”
Two days later , at his confirmation hearing , Eric Holder reinforced Obama ’s opinion .
Noting , as the New York Times described it , that waterboarding had been used to torment prisoners during the Inquisition , by the Japanese in World War II and in Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge , and adding , “ We prosecuted our own soldiers for using it in Vietnam , ” he stated unequivocally , “ Waterboarding is torture , ” and reiterated his opinion [ on March 2 , 2009 ] , in a speech to the Jewish Council of Public Affairs in Washington .
“ Waterboarding is torture , ” he said again , adding , “ My Justice Department will not justify it , will not rationalize it and will not condone it . ”
As a result of Margolis ’ intervention , however , it now appears that , although torture was clearly authorized , no one is to be held accountable .
Moreover , although Margolis tried to claim in his memo that it was important to remember that Yoo and Bybee were working to prevent another major terrorist attack , which led him to claim , “ Among the difficulties in assessing these memos now over seven years after their issuance is that the context is lost , ” this is a pitiful argument .
OPR lawyers are obliged to provide objective legal advice to the Executive branch on all constitutional questions , and , as OPR head Mary Patrice Brown explained in an earlier version of the report , “ Situations of great stress , danger and fear do not relieve department attorneys of their duty to provide thorough , objective and candid legal advice , even if that advice is not what the client wants to hear . ”
Even more significant is Mary Patrice Brown ’s reference to “ the client . ”
Although George W. Bush evades scrutiny in the report , former Vice President Dick Cheney is mentioned as putting “ great pressure ” on the OLC regarding revised memos issued in May 2005 , and consultations with Cheney ’s Legal Counsel , David Addington , and White House Deputy Counsel Tim Flanigan are mentioned in 2002 .
It is surely in the context of this relationship between the OLC and the White House that the report ’s authors stated , damningly , “ We also found evidence that the authors of the Bybee Memo and the Yoo Memo tailored their analysis to reach the result desired by the client . ”
Anyone with any doubts regarding how closely Yoo worked with the White House should read Philippe Sands ’ book Torture Team , which establishes that , following the 9/11 attacks , a “ War Council ” of lawyers met regularly to plan and implement the legal strategies they wanted for the “ War on Terror ” — largely without any outside consultation — and that this “ War Council ” consisted of just six men : Addington , White House Counsel Alberto Gonzales , Flanigan , Yoo , William J. Haynes II , the Pentagon ’s General Counsel , and his deputy , Daniel Dell ’ Orto .
The report ’s authors added that , “ In many instances the authors [ of the memos ] exaggerated or misstated the significance of cited legal authority , failed to acknowledge or fairly present adverse authority , took inconsistent approaches to favor the desired result , and advanced convoluted or frivolous arguments . ”
They had no hesitation in concluding , as a result , that , when it came to tailoring their advice to a preordained outcome — rather than providing objective advice —
Yoo and Bybee “ violated their duty ” under the OLC ’s rules , “ to provide a straightforward , candid and realistic assessment of the law . ”
This was not all .
Elsewhere in the report , the authors also expanded on the “ numerous failures of scholarship and analysis , ” which resulted in violations of the OLC ’s rules .
“ While it may be that no single one of those failures , considered in isolation , would compel a finding of less than competent representation , ” they wrote , “ we concluded that the many instances of unsupported arguments , incomplete analysis , failure to discuss adverse authority , and mischaracterization of precedent compelled the conclusion that the authors of the Bybee Memo and the Yoo Memo failed to meet their obligations [ under the OLC ’s rules ] and thus committed misconduct . ”
Furthermore , the authors of the report also drew on damning criticisms made by Michael Mukasey , the Attorney General from November 2007 until Bush left office , and by other senior OLC officials , after Yoo and Bybee had left the department : in particular , Jack Goldsmith , the Assistant Attorney General from 2003 to 2004 , who attracted the wrath of the White House by ordering the “ torture memos ” to be withdrawn ; Daniel Levin , who served as Acting AAG from 2004 to 2005 ; and even Stephen Bradbury , the Acting AAG from 2005 to 2007 ( and the senior appointed official overseeing the OLC until Bush left office ) , who managed to escape censure for his own role in the torture program , as the author of three vile memos endorsing “ enhanced interrogation ” in May 2005 .
As the authors explained , “ Mukasey acknowledged that the Bybee Memo was ‘ a slovenly mistake , ’ even though he urged us not to find misconduct . ”
They also stated :
Our view that the memoranda were seriously deficient was consistent with the comments made by some of the former Department officials we interviewed , even though those individuals would not necessarily agree with some of our findings in this matter .
Levin stated that when he first read the Bybee Memo , “ [ I had ] the same reaction I think everybody who reads it has — ‘ this is insane , who wrote this ? ’ ” Jack Goldsmith found that the memoranda were “ riddled with error , ” concluded that the key portions were “ plainly wrong , ” and characterized them as a “ one - sided effort to eliminate any hurdles posed by the torture law . ”
Bradbury told us that Yoo did not adequately consider counter arguments in writing the memoranda and that “ somebody should have exercised some adult leadership ” with respect to Yoo ’s section on the Commander - in - Chief powers [ a section in which Yoo claimed that the President , as Commander - in - Chief , could override the federal law banning torture ] .
So what happens next ?
Both the New York Times and the Washington Post tried to claim at the weekend that the publication of the report spells the end of attempts to hold to account senior Bush administration officials and lawyers who turned American into a “ Torture Nation . ”
The Post called it “ the end of a 5 - year internal battle ” at the Justice Department , and the Times claimed that it “ brings to a close a pivotal chapter in the debate over the legal limits of the Bush administration ’s fight against terrorism and whether its treatment of Qaeda prisoners amounted to torture . ”
This is nonsense , however .
Margolis ’ intervention may shield Yoo and Bybee in the short term , but he was unable to quash the report ’s devastating findings , and it is clear that the DoJ will now find itself under close scrutiny .
As soon as the report was issued , Rep. John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) , the Chair of the House Judiciary Committee , who made the documents publicly available as soon as they were provided to him by the DoJ , stated :
For years , Bush administration officials who approved torture and abuse of detainees have hidden behind legal memos issued by the Department of Justice ’s Office of Legal Counsel .
Today ’s report makes plain that those memos were legally flawed and fundamentally unsound .
Even worse , it reveals that the memos were not the independent product of the Department of Justice , but were shaped by top officials of the Bush White House .
It is nothing short of a travesty that prisoners in US custody were abused and mistreated based on legal work as shoddy as this .
It is a blight on our national honor .
The Office of Legal Counsel has a proud tradition of providing independent , high - quality legal advice to the executive branch .
Today ’s report makes clear that the lawyers who wrote the torture memos did not live up that tradition , and dishonored their office and the entire Department of Justice .
While the report concludes that the lawyers did not breach their minimum professional obligations , I certainly hold top lawyers at OLC to a higher standard than that , as all Americans should .
Conyers promised to hold hearings in the near future , but was beaten to it by Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , of the Senate Judiciary Committee , who set a date for hearings on Friday ( February 26 ) .
In a statement , Sen .
Leahy explained :
The report from the Office of Professional Responsibility is a condemnation of the legal memoranda drafted by key architects of the Bush administration ’s legal policy , including Jay Bybee and John Yoo , on the treatment of detainees .
The deeply flawed legal opinions proffered by these former OLC officials created a “ golden shield ” that sought to protect from scrutiny and prosecution the Bush administration ’s torture of detainees in US custody .
In drafting and signing these unsound legal analyses , OLC attorneys sanctioned torture , contrary to our domestic anti-torture laws , our international treaty obligations and the fundamental values of this country .
I have serious concerns about the role each of these government lawyers played in the development of these policies .
I have said before that if the Judiciary Committee , and the Senate , knew of Judge Bybee ’s role in creating these policies , he would have never been confirmed to a lifetime appointment to the federal bench .
The right thing to do would be for him to resign from this lifetime appointment .
As a United States Senator , as a former prosecutor , and as an American citizen , I am offended by the premeditated approach taken by former high - ranking officials in the Office of Legal Counsel in constructing the legal underpinnings of seriously flawed national security policies .
Clearly , then , we have not yet heard the end of this story , and unless the United States is to become a country in which torture was authorized , but no one was actually responsible , this is as it should be .
It may take years , but those who authorized torture must be held accountable , and claims that cynical lawyers like John
Yoo were responsible only for exercising “ poor judgment ” cannot be allowed to overrule the OPR Report ’s far more damaging conclusions .
Note :
As well as releasing the final report , “ Investigation Into The Office of Legal Counsel ’s Memoranda Concerning Issues Relating to the Central Intelligence Agency ’s Use of ‘ Enhanced Interrogation Techniques ’ on Terrorist Suspects , ” dated July 23 , 2009 , and Margolis ’ memo , the DoJ also released two earlier versions of the report , the first dated December 22 , 2008 ( PDF ) and the second dated March 4 , 2009 ( PDF ) , as well as John Yoo ’s responses to the second report ( PDF ) and the final report ( PDF ) , and Jay Bybee ’s responses to the second report ( PDF ) and the final report ( PDF ) .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed ( and I can also be found on Facebook and Twitter ) .
Also see my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , updated in January 2010 , details about the new documentary film , “ Outside the Law : Stories from Guantánamo ” ( co-directed by Polly Nash and Andy Worthington , and launched in October 2009 ) , and , if you appreciate my work , feel free to make a donation .
As published exclusively on the website of the Future of Freedom Foundation .
For a sequence of articles dealing with the use of torture by the CIA , on “ high - value detainees , ” and in the secret prisons , see : Guantánamo ’s tangled web : Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Majid Khan , dubious US convictions , and a dying man ( July 2007 ) , Jane Mayer on the CIA ’s “ black sites , ” condemnation by the Red Cross , and Guantánamo ’s “ high - value ” detainees ( including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ) ( August 2007 ) , Waterboarding : two questions for Michael Hayden about three “ high - value ” detainees now in Guantánamo ( February 2008 ) , Six in Guantánamo Charged with 9/11 Murders : Why Now ?
And What About the Torture ? ( February 2008 ) , The Insignificance and Insanity of Abu Zubaydah : Ex-Guantánamo Prisoner Confirms FBI ’s Doubts ( April 2008 ) , Guantánamo Trials : Another Torture Victim Charged ( Abdul Rahim al - Nashiri , July 2008 ) , Secret Prison on Diego Garcia Confirmed : Six “ High - Value ” Guantánamo Prisoners Held , Plus “ Ghost Prisoner ” Mustafa Setmariam Nasar ( August 2008 ) , Will the Bush administration be held accountable for war crimes ?
( December 2008 ) , The Ten Lies of Dick Cheney ( Part One ) and The Ten Lies of Dick Cheney ( Part Two ) ( December 2008 ) , Prosecuting the Bush Administration ’s Torturers ( March 2009 ) , Abu Zubaydah : The Futility Of Torture and A Trail of Broken Lives ( March 2009 ) , Ten Terrible Truths About The CIA Torture Memos ( Part One ) , Ten Terrible Truths About The CIA Torture Memos ( Part Two ) , 9/11 Commission Director Philip Zelikow Condemns Bush Torture Program , Who Authorized The Torture of Abu Zubaydah ? , CIA Torture Began In Afghanistan 8 Months before DoJ Approval , Even In Cheney ’s Bleak World , The Al - Qaeda - Iraq Torture Story Is A New Low ( all April 2009 ) , Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi Has Died In A Libyan Prison , Dick Cheney And The Death Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , The “ Suicide ” Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi : Why The Media Silence ? , Two Experts Cast Doubt On Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi ’s “ Suicide ” , Lawrence Wilkerson Nails Cheney On Use Of Torture To Invade Iraq , In the Guardian : Death in Libya , betrayal by the West ( in the Guardian here ) , Lawrence Wilkerson Nails Cheney ’s Iraq Lies Again ( And Rumsfeld And The CIA ) ( all May 2009 ) and WORLD EXCLUSIVE : New Revelations About The Torture Of Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi ( June 2009 ) , The Logic of the 9/11 Trials , The Madness of the Military Commissions ( November 2009 ) , UK Judges Compare Binyam Mohamed ’s Torture To That Of Abu Zubaydah ( November 2009 ) , UN Secret Detention Report Asks , “ Where Are The CIA Ghost Prisoners ? ” ( January 2010 ) , Binyam Mohamed : Evidence of Torture by US Agents Revealed in UK ( February 2010 ) .
Also see the extensive archive of articles about the Military Commissions .
For other stories discussing the use of torture in secret prisons , see :
An unreported story from Guantánamo : the tale of Sanad al - Kazimi ( August 2007 ) , Rendered to Egypt for torture , Mohammed Saad Iqbal Madni is released from Guantánamo ( September 2008 ) , A History of Music Torture in the “ War on Terror ” ( December 2008 ) , Seven Years of Torture : Binyam Mohamed Tells His Story ( March 2009 ) , When Torture Kills : Ten Murders In US Prisons In Afghanistan ( July 2009 ) , US Torture Under Scrutiny In British Courts ( July 2009 ) , What The British Government Knew About The Torture Of Binyam Mohamed ( August 2009 ) , Torture in Bagram and Guantánamo : The Declaration of Ahmed al - Darbi ( September 2009 ) , UK Judges Order Release Of Details About The Torture Of Binyam Mohamed By US Agents ( October 2009 ) , “ Model Prisoner ” at Guantánamo , Tortured in the “ Dark Prison , ” Loses Habeas Corpus Petition ( December 2009 ) , Dark Revelations in the Bagram Prisoner List ( January 2010 ) , and also see the extensive Binyam Mohamed archive .
And for other stories discussing torture at Guantánamo and / or in “ conventional ” US prisons in Afghanistan , see :
The testimony of Guantánamo detainee Omar Deghayes : includes allegations of previously unreported murders in the US prison at Bagram airbase ( August 2007 ) , Guantánamo Transcripts : “ Ghost ” Prisoners Speak After Five And A Half Years , And “ 9/11 hijacker ” Recants His Tortured Confession ( September 2007 ) , The Trials of Omar Khadr , Guantánamo’s “ child soldier ” ( November 2007 ) , Former US interrogator Damien Corsetti recalls the torture of prisoners in Bagram and Abu Ghraib ( December 2007 ) , Guantánamo ’s shambolic trials ( February 2008 ) , Torture allegations dog Guantánamo trials ( March 2008 ) , Sami al - Haj : the banned torture pictures of a journalist in Guantánamo ( April 2008 ) , Former Guantánamo Prosecutor Condemns “ Chaotic ” Trials in Case of Teenage Torture Victim ( Lt. Col.
Darrel Vandeveld on Mohamed Jawad , January 2009 ) , Judge Orders Release of Guantánamo ’s Forgotten Child ( Mohammed El - Gharani , January 2009 ) , Bush Era Ends With Guantánamo Trial Chief ’s Torture Confession ( Susan Crawford on Mohammed al - Qahtani , January 2009 ) , Forgotten in Guantánamo : British Resident Shaker Aamer ( March 2009 ) , A Child At Guantánamo : The Unending Torment of Mohamed Jawad ( June 2009 ) , Torture In Guantánamo : The Force - feeding Of Hunger Strikers ( June 2009 ) , As Judge Orders Release Of Tortured Guantánamo Prisoner , Government Refuses To Concede Defeat ( Mohamed Jawad , July 2009 ) , Torture And Futility : Is This The End Of The Military Commissions At Guantánamo ?
( September 2009 ) , A Truly Shocking Guantánamo Story : Judge Confirms That An Innocent Man Was Tortured To Make False Confessions ( Fouad al - Rabiah , September 2009 ) , UK Court Orders Release Of Torture Evidence In The Case Of Shaker Aamer , The Last British Resident In Guantánamo ( December 2009 ) , Shaker Aamer : UK Government Drops Opposition To Release Of Torture Evidence ( December 2009 ) , Afghan Nobody Faces Trial by Military Commission ( January 2010 ) , Murders at Guantánamo : Scott Horton of Harper ’s Exposes the Truth about the 2006 “ Suicides ” ( January 2010 ) , Two Algerian Torture Victims Are Freed from Guantánamo ( January 2010 ) , and the extensive archive of articles about the Military Commissions .
AdaCore has released CodePeer , a source code analysis tool that detects run-time and logic errors in Ada programs .
Serving as a code reviewer , CodePeer identifies constructs that are likely to lead to run-time errors such as buffer overflows , and it flags legal but suspect code typical of logic errors .
CodePeer also produces a detailed analysis of each subprogram , including pre- and postconditions .
Such an analysis makes it easier to find potential bugs and vulnerabilities early :
If the implicit specification deduced by CodePeer does not match the component 's requirements , a reviewer is alerted immediately to a likely logic error .
CodePeer can be used both during system development -- to prevent errors from being introduced or as part of a systematic code review process to dramatically increase the efficiency of human review -- and retrospectively on existing code , to detect and remove latent bugs .
Developed by AdaCore in partnership with SofCheck , CodePeer can be used either as a standalone tool or fully integrated into the GNAT Pro Ada development environment .
It is highly flexible , with performance that can be tuned based on the memory and speed available on the developer 's machine , and can efficiently exploit multicore CPUs .
CodePeer can be run on partially complete programs ; it does not require stubs or drivers .
CodePeer analyzes programs for a wide range of flaws including use of uninitialized data , pointer misuse , buffer overflow , numeric overflow , division by zero , dead code , and concurrency faults ( race conditions ) .
These sorts of errors can be difficult and expensive to detect and correct with conventional debugging , but CodePeer identifies them statically , without running the program , and determines not only where the failure could occur , but identifies where the bad values originate , be it within the current subprogram or from some distant subprogram that reached the point of failure through a series of calls .
CodePeer also looks for code that , although syntactically and semantically correct , is performing a suspect computation , such as an assignment to a variable that is never subsequently referenced , or a conditional test that always evaluates to the same true or false value .
" Even the best programmers using the best programming languages will sometimes make mistakes , " says AdaCore 's Robert Dewar .
" The key is to detect and correct errors early , and , thanks to our partnership with SofCheck , CodePeer is now available for precisely that purpose .
We expect this tool to be especially valuable to our customers with safety - critical or high - security requirements , since CodePeer can identify potential hazards and vulnerabilities . "
Internally CodePeer uses static control - flow , data - flow , and value propagation techniques to identify possible errors .
It mathematically analyzes every line of code without executing the program , considering all combinations of program input across all paths within the program .
It automatically generates both human - readable and machine - readable component specifications in the form of preconditions , postconditions , inputs , outputs , and heap allocations , which along with the error messages can be displayed graphically or as in - line comments in the source code listing to help immediately pinpoint the root cause of any defect .
In a multi- threaded system CodePeer identifies where race conditions might occur .
To increase performance and usability it internally maintains a historical error database , which allows it to highlight just the new coding problems and to track trends across multiple analyses .
" The technology underlying CodePeer was developed over many years of work on highly optimizing compilers , " added SofCheck 's Tucker Taft , " but now we are taking all the information the compiler was using internally for its own optimization purposes , augmenting it with advanced whole - program analyses , and presenting it in a way that allows the programmer to fix their software before it breaks . "
WETA /20th Century Fox
While the numerous arguments inspired by James Cameron ‘s science - fiction film “ Avatar ” have hardly quieted down in its fourth week of release , another group of voices has been added to the debate .
On Jan. 2 , “ Avatar ” opened in China , inspiring bloggers there to race back to their computers and pick apart the messages they are finding in that 3 - D blockbuster .
At the Web site Global Voices , Andy Yee rounds up responses to “ Avatar ” written by prominent Chinese bloggers ( and helpfully provides translation ) , some of whom have seized upon themes that also jumped out at American viewers .
Among the Chinese bloggers Mr. Yee points to is Huang Zhangjin , who , like many American critics , sees Eurocentric themes running through the movie :
I believe if Edward Said is still alive , when he sees that Jake is saved by the princess of Na’vi , he would think : this damn screenwriter !
Are you not going to let the princess fall in love with Jake , and let Jake rescue the Na’vi ? … From Madame Chrysanthème to Last Samurai to Avatar , when could Westerners stop seeing foreign cultures as female and themselves as male ?
And when could they stop the cross-cultural narcissism that , no matter how unsuccessful the Western man is , he will be loved by the Oriental woman ?
The same blogger also picks up on the idea of “ Avatar ” as an environmental parable , writing :
The main male character has to be from another planet .
He is a traitor of his highly civilized planet , where uncontrolled development has destroyed their planet to the point where they could no longer live there .
They send a few of them to Earth to continue their species .
Because we , the human beings , are sympathetic but also eye their high technology , we decided to start a high - tech energy project which will destroy planet Earth . …
The more advanced the technology , the greedier you become .
Elsewhere , the blogger Lian
Yue satirizes Chinese politics by writing a list of talking points compiled by an imaginary Chinese official after seeing “ Avatar . ”
Among the entries on the list :
1 . The first element of any war is human .
Learn from the Na’vi , have a winning spirit , and do n’t be afraid of any advanced weapons .
2 . The Na’vi ’s system of hereditary rule proves that democracy is not universally applicable .
3. Na’vi ’s collectivism has won over capitalism . …
5 . The human race ’s army has not united resolutely under the leadership of Colonel Miles Quaritch , as a result there is internal struggle .
Unity is iron , unity is steel !
6. Dr. Grace Augustine shows the weaknesses of intellectuals , which are not to be trusted . …
10 . Planet Pandora is an inseparable part of our motherland .
The Web site Chinasmack.com collects comments from readers who see parallels between the plight of the alien Na’vi , who are pushed off their land by human industrialists , and reports in Chinese news media about residents who have been forcefully evicted from their homes by local Chinese governments that are demolishing the buildings and redeveloping the land .
Among the remarks from the pseudonymous commenters : “ Strongly condemn the Western director for using Avatar to allude to China ’s current situation ! ! ” and , “ China ’s demolition crews must go sue Old [ James ] Cameron , sue him for piracy / copyright infringement . ”
We ’re guessing that Old Mr. Cameron is laughing all the way to the bank : as in the U.S. , “ Avatar ” is breaking box - office records in China , too .
The story in best romance anime movies of all time subversive and political intrigue in Higashi no Eden movie series .
Mr. Outdoors is finally untangled as the remaining Selecao attempt to outmaneuver one another .
Takizawa ’s memories and identity are likewise lastly revealed including his association with a former Prime Minister and his demand to be the King of Eden .
Saki Morimi , a young Japanese lady on her college graduation journey .
It remains in front of the White Home that she fulfills a mysterious yet lovely young Japanese male holding a cell and a weapon phone .
Without any memories and completely naked
As he handles to elude authorities patrols sent out after him .
Saki , not surprisingly astonished by the circumstance , provides him her coat for the sake of modesty , only to find later on that she had left her passport in the pocket .
And should find him to obtain it back .
For almost two centuries , humans have looked up at a bright star called Epsilon Aurigae and watched with their own eyes as it seemed to disappear into the night sky , slowly fading before coming back to life again .
Today , as another dimming of the system is underway , mysteries about the star persist .
Though astronomers know that Epsilon Aurigae is eclipsed by a dark companion object every 27 years , the nature of both the star and object has remained unclear .
Now , new observations from NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope -- in combination with archived ultraviolet , visible and other infrared data -- point to one of two competing theories , and a likely solution to this age - old puzzle .
One theory holds that the bright star is a massive supergiant , periodically eclipsed by two tight - knit stars inside a swirling , dusty disk .
The second theory holds that the bright star is in fact a dying star with a lot less mass , periodically eclipsed by just a single star inside a disk .
The Spitzer data strongly support the latter scenario .
" We 've really shifted the balance of the two competing theories , " said Donald Hoard of NASA 's Spitzer Science Center at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena .
" Now we can get busy working out all the details . "
Hoard presented the results at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Meeting in Washington .
Epsilon Aurigae can be seen at night from the northern hemisphere with the naked eye , even in some urban areas .
Last August , it began its roughly two - year dimming , an event that happens like clockwork every 27.1 years and results in the star fading in brightness by one - half .
Professional and amateur astronomers around the globe are watching , and the International Year of Astronomy 2009 marked the eclipse as a flagship " citizen science " event .
More information is at http://www.citizensky.org .
Astronomers study these eclipsing binary events to learn more about the evolution of stars .
Because one star passes in front of another , additional information can be gleaned about the nature of the stars .
In the case of Epsilon Aurigae , what could have been a simple calculation has instead left astronomers endlessly scratching their heads .
Certain aspects of the event , for example the duration of the eclipse , and the presence of " wiggles " in the brightness of the system during the eclipse , have not fit nicely into models .
Theories have been put forth to explain what 's going on , some quite elaborate , but none with a perfect fit .
The main stumper is the nature of the naked - eye star -- the one that dims and brightens .
Its spectral features indicate that it's a monstrous star , called an F supergiant , with 20 times the mass , and up to 300 times the diameter , of our sun .
But , in order for this theory to be true , astronomers had to come up with elaborate scenarios to make sense of the eclipse observations .
They said that the eclipsing , companion star must actually be two so - called B stars surrounded by an orbiting disk of dusty debris .
And some scenarios were even more exotic , calling for black holes and massive planets .
advertisement
A competing theory proposed that the bright star was actually a less massive , dying star .
But this model had holes too .
There was no simple solution .
Hoard became interested in the problem from a technological standpoint .
He wanted to see if Spitzer , whose delicate infrared arrays are too sensitive to observe the bright star directly , could be coaxed to observe it using a clever trick .
" We pointed the star at the corner of four of Spitzer 's pixels , instead of directly at one , to effectively reduce its sensitivity . "
What 's more , the observation used exposures lasting only one - hundredth of a second -- the fastest that images can be obtained by Spitzer .
The resulting information , in combination with past Spitzer observations , represents the most complete infrared data set for the star to date .
They confirm the presence of the companion star 's disk , without a doubt , and establish the particle sizes as being relatively large like gravel rather than like fine dust .
But Hoard and his colleagues were most excited about nailing down the radius of the disk to approximately four times the distance between Earth and the sun .
This enabled the team to create a multi- wavelength model that explained all the features of the system .
If they assumed the F star was actually a much less massive , dying star , and they also assumed that the eclipsing object was a single B star embedded in the dusty disk , everything snapped together .
" It was amazing how everything fell into place so neatly , " said Steve Howell of the National Optical Astronomy Observatory in Tucson , Ariz .
" All the features of this system are interlinked , so if you tinker with one , you have to change another .
It 's been hard to get everything to fall together perfectly until now . "
According to the astronomers , there are still many more details to out .
The ongoing observations of the current eclipse should provide the final clues needed to put this mystery of the night sky to rest .
R.E. Stencel of the University of Denver , Colo. , is also a collaborator on this research .
NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif. , manages the Spitzer Space Telescope mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington .
Science operations are conducted at the Spitzer Science Center at Caltech .
Caltech manages JPL for NASA .
For more information about Spitzer , visit http://www.spitzer.caltech.edu/spitzer and http://www.nasa.gov/spitzer .
An NJIT architecture professor with an architecture student has designed a network of modular floating docks to harness clean energy for New York City .
The proposal was featured this week in Metropolis magazine .
Editor 's Note :
This occasional series looks at powerful ideas — some existing , some futuristic — for fueling and electrifying modern life .
A network of floating docks could harness clean energy for New York City and provide new space for parks , researchers now propose .
Each dock could generate power off the city 's river currents .
Three vertical turbines fastened out of sight to the underside of each station would harness the 4 mph currents , with each module generating up to 24 kilowatts of constant energy from the Hudson and East Rivers .
These stations would plug into the conventional piers of the city , extending them into the rivers .
They could alleviate the need for conventional power to light the city streets , with each module supporting 350 LED streetlamps .
These docks could eventually get extended further up the rivers to both generate power and increase recreational green space and tidal pools for wildlife , said researchers at the New Jersey Institute of Technology and at GRO Architects in New York .
They currently have a provisional patent on the idea .
The designers came up with the concept as an entry for this year 's Metropolis Magazine Next Generation Design Competition .
" Since then , a lot of people have come out of the woodwork who put together clean energy deals for cities , or even in some cases developing countries , " said researcher Richard Garber at the New Jersey Institute of Technology , co-founder of the firm GRO Architects .
Although officials from New York have not contacted the researchers yet , " people from other cities internationally have . "
There are already turbines harnessing power off tides in the waters of New York City .
The Roosevelt Island Tidal Energy project could generate up to 10 megawatts , enough to power nearly 8,000 homes , according to its developer , New York - based company Verdant Power .
However , the new docks that Garber and his colleagues propose could generate a similar amount of energy while creating new public spaces .
" If you think historically , cities developed around waterways based on a need for trade , " Garber said .
" As trading changed , the need for water as a preexisting requirement for urban development went away .
What 's funny is that all of a sudden , water can become uber - important again in terms of development . "
At the heart of the proposal , the researchers want to reinforce the relationship between the city and its rivers and help reclaim access to its 578 miles of waterfront .
" Many times , you can stand on the corner of 42nd St. and Park Ave. in Manhattan and have no idea you 're on an island , with the idea of the waterfront lost , " Garber said .
" A big picture goal here is that via clean energy , one can heighten awareness of the water . "
Prostate cancer symptoms :
Eight warning signs of the disease all men need to know
PROSTATE cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed in men in the UK .
More than 40,000 new cases are diagnosed every year , with one in eight men diagnosed at some point in their lifetime .
What are ...
Did Trump Brag He Had the ‘ Tallest Building in Manhattan ’ After the 9/11 Attacks ?
Fact Check
Donald Trump spoke of having the tallest building in downtown Manhattan after the 9/11 attacks , but whether he was " bragging " is in the eye of the beholder .
A customer selects roses at a flower shop ahead of Valentine 's Day in southwestern China 's Chongqing municipality February 13 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stringer
AMSTERDAM ( Reuters ) - A week before Valentine ’s Day , a consignment of cocaine was found hidden among 20,000 roses from Latin America at Amsterdam airport , Dutch authorities said Wednesday .
The roses , a popular February 14 Valentine ’s Day gift , arrived last Sunday on a flight from Bogota , Colombia , which stopped over in Puerto Rico , the public prosecutors ’ office said in a statement .
The drug was found in cellophane packets hidden in boxes containing the roses .
Three people in the Netherlands were arrested and police found a total of 9 kg ( 20 lb ) of cocaine in their possession , including the seized shipment , with a street value of about 1.3 million euros .
The Netherlands is a major flower trading hub , home to the world ’s biggest flower auction house and is the source of 60 percent of the world ’s flower exports .
' Lost ' as seen through the confused eyes of non -' Lost ' watchers
Lost type TV Show Where to watch Close Streaming Options
I tried to watch an episode of Lost while visiting my parents house last year and my mom walked in and did the “ who ’s she ? ” “ what ’s he doing now ? ” “ why does that statue have four toes ? ” questioning routine , which simply will NOT work with Lost .
There is no quick premise that you can explain during a commercial break .
For those of us who are obsessed with the show ( even at a casual , not - up - to - the - Doc - Jensen - challenge level ) , it ’s hard to imagine that there are people out there who have n’t been following Locke and Ben ’s every move .
What the heck would these newbies think if they tried to jump into the show ?
Newsweek recruited some of its staffers who have never seen Lost to attempt to explain scenes from the show .
It ’s hilarious .
I especially like the New Yorker who thinks that the only white animals are cats and dogs ( time to get to Central Park Zoo , buddy ! ) , asks what everyone on The Island does for toilet paper , and says Sawyer looks “ like Fabio . ”
And the woman who says that Ben “ looks like a pedophile , ” and the guy who calls Jack “ Party of Five guy . ”
Lost watchers , have you tried to make any converts with season 6 , and if so , how did you prep them ( DVD box sets , recap specials , or hand - drawn timelines ) ?
And non-Lost watchers , has anyone tried and failed to convert you this year ?
If you were a newbie tuning in for the season 6 premiere this week , how confused were you ?
Macquarie Group broker David Kiely , who was seen live on television ogling pictures of model Miranda Kerr , will remain at the investment bank .
Mr Kiely was in the wrong place at the wrong time when he opened the document as his Macquarie colleague Martin Lakos made a live cross on Tuesday to the Seven Network to discuss the central bank 's latest interest rate decision .
Macquarie said in a statement it had completed an internal review of the events of February 2 and action had been taken after discussions with the employee , a banker in its private wealth division .
'' He will remain an employee of Macquarie , '' the statement said .
Blackhawks center Bolland finally gets back on the ice
Center Dave Bolland , one of the Blackhawks ' unsung heroes , skated Tuesday for the first time since undergoing back surgery on Nov. 10 .
Even better news is Bolland could return to the lineup at some point before the Olympic break in mid-February .
Hawks coach Joel Quenneville said Bolland would return sooner than injured winger Adam Burish , whose tough rehab from a torn ACL in his knee likely wo n't allow him to play again until March .
" I was glad to get those skates on because it 's been boring hanging out in the trainer 's room and the gym , " Bolland said .
" Everything is great , no more pain down my leg , no more numbness . "
Bolland 's back began acting up last season but he played through it .
The Hawks tried medication to shrink the bulging disc during the off - season , but that did n't work .
Bolland missed most of training camp and tried to play through the pain again , getting several cortisone shots , but it became too much after 13 games .
The decision was made by Bolland and the organization to have surgery in order to allow him to return before the playoffs .
" We just said let 's get this done with so I can come back , " Bolland said .
" I just want to get out there and start playing .
I 've never been out this long . "
Bolland 's return will present Quenneville with a difficult decision , but the kind every coach likes :
How to fit even more talent into the lineup .
It 's possible Bolland will center for Marian Hossa with Patrick Sharp going back to his customary position at wing .
Bolland had great success playing with another highly skilled winger last season in Martin Havlat on what was the Hawks ' most consistent line with Andrew Ladd .
" Whoever Q wants me to play with , I 'll play with , " Bolland said .
" It would be great to play with Hossa , but we 'll wait and see at the first practice . "
The plan is for Bolland to rejoin the team for practice at some point on the eight - game road trip that starts Saturday in Columbus .
Bolland is n't worried about having future back issues .
" They said I have to watch it , but as long as you keep track of it everything should go well , " Bolland said .
" There are a lot of guys who have gone through back surgery and have played their whole lives . "
Burish 's rehab only allows him to skate every other day for now .
With the recent success of the fourth line , Burish is n't thinking about how he might fit back into the lineup .
" I do n't get really worried about that kind of stuff , " Burish said .
" I know I 'm going to come back and make a difference .
People are going to notice me .
I 'm going to come back and give this team a spark right at the end of the season when they need it . "
The British Government vehicle scrapage scheme has come under fire for creating more CO2 than it saves .
An inconvenient fact ignored by wealth redistributionists is that the life cycle of a car is : manufacture , use and destruction , not just use .
When facts like this are considered the Toyota Prius is an environmental holocaust and SUV ’s like the Range Rover and Hummer have less environmental impact .
It looks like the old saying “ figures do n’t lie but liars figure , ” is again proven true .
According to the article in today ’s Times Online the cash for clunkers programs create more Co2 than they remove .
Another “ backfire ” in the Antropogenic Global Warming con game .
More at Climategate.com
Anthropogenic Global Warming has become a religion :
George F Will in The Washington Post argues that , “ A religion is what the faith in catastrophic man-made global warming has become . ”
Thus , he tells us , “ It is now a tissue of assertions impervious to evidence , assertions that everything , including a historic blizzard , supposedly confirms and nothing , not even the absence of warming , can falsify . ”
Hat tip to Richard North for the story .
Bringing Skillful Observation Back To Science :
Archimedes had his eureka moment while sitting in the bathtub .
Newton made a great discovery sitting under an apple tree .
Szilárd discovered nuclear fission while sitting at a red light .
There was a time when observation was considered an important part of science .
Climate science has gone the opposite direction , with key players rejecting observation when reality disagrees with computer models and statistics .
More sense at Watts Up With That
Climate scientists withdraw journal claims of rising sea levels , what more claims with drawn due to fudged or incorrect data ?
Apparently so say the Guardian :
Many scientists criticised the IPCC approach as too conservative , and several papers since have suggested that sea level could rise more .
Martin Vermeer of the Helsinki University of Technology , Finland and Stefan Rahmstorf of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany published a study in December that projected a rise of 0.75 m to 1.9 m by 2100 .
Announcing the formal retraction of the paper from the journal , Siddall said : “ It ’s one of those things that happens .
People make mistakes and mistakes happen in science . ”
He said there were two separate technical mistakes in the paper , which were pointed out by other scientists after it was published .
A formal retraction was required , rather than a correction , because the errors undermined the study ’s conclusion .
“ Retraction is a regular part of the publication process , ” he said .
“ Science is a complicated game and there are set procedures in place that act as checks and balances . ”
Strange how the peer review process has missed so many mistakes which only a few weeks ago were beyond doubt , the science settled .
So you are watching your favorite movie on DVD and all of a sudden it starts to stutter and skip or just plain stop dead .
You eject it and see that it has some good - sized scratches on the surface .
You are worried this is the end of your favorite DVD , but have no fear -- there are some ways to get this bad boy fixed .
Here 's how to remove scratches from a DVD .
Understanding the damage .
DVDs are like CDs in that they are read in a spiral starting in the center of the disc and continuing to the outer edge .
The info is encoded in " bumps " below the surface of the disc .
A laser reads these by passing through the surface and reflecting off the " bumps . "
When the surface is scratched or blemished , the path of the laser is diverted slightly and the player cannot read the disc .
DVD Cleaner .
It is always good to clean the DVD just to make sure the malfunction is n't being caused by something that will just wipe off with a moist cloth .
If you hold the DVD near a light and at an angle , you can see the blemishes on the surface .
The best tool you can use in cleaning and caring for any disc is a lint - free optical cloth .
Most commonly used for cleaning eyeglass lenses , these cloths are soft and wo n't leave lint when you are done using them .
Common rubbing alcohol is a great solution to use when cleaning DVDs .
Just put a little on the cloth and rub the surface lightly , always in straight lines from the center out to the edge .
DVD Repair .
Light abrasives such as toothpaste , polishes and cleaners will all fix scratches to some degree but you have to be very careful in using them .
Some cleaners are actually no good at all for the surfaces of discs .
Stuff that you use on glass is fine because it 's alcohol - based , like Windex .
Stuff that you use on bathrooms or floors are not so good ; bathroom cleaners such as Tilex use bleach , which is harmful to DVDs .
I recommend using a solution or kit specifically designed for DVD scratch removal .
These kits usually come with a solution and a cloth , like this example I found at Buy.com .
There is even something that works like a wet wipe with the solution already applied to the wipe .
Whatever you decide to use , make sure that it 's appropriate for disc repair and that you use a light touch when applying it .
Put a little of your solution on your cloth and , starting from the center of the disc , gently wipe out to the edge in a straight line .
Do not use a circular motion or side - to - side , but only straight from the center to outside .
Rub it in lightly then wipe clean with the same lint - free cloth .
DVD /CD Resurfacing .
There are a couple of devices that will give your disc a total surface make - over .
You usually put the DVD into the device and then spray the included solution on it , close the device and spin the disc using a handle or , in some scenarios , by pressing the On button .
These are pretty good tools and will , in most situations , cure any of your scratch problems .
Care for your discs .
When you are done cleaning and fixing your DVDs , make sure you put them in a safe place .
The original case is the best place for it , but if you want to put it in a holder , look for one with soft backings that wo n't damage your disc any further .
Disc repair is a long process , so prevention is the best method .
You can also just get some jewel cases .
Stores sell them pretty cheaply and they are a good place to keep DVDs , much better than the floor .
Removing scratches can be done , but it does involve some time and effort .
If you have a scratched DVD , these steps should help fix it , but remember , prevention is always the best method so store your discs appropriately .
Mr Van Rompuy has already ruffled feathers by calling the extra Feb 11 summit , as well as the traditional spring meeting in March , and by insisting that he alone will draw up a paper proposing economic targets and policy for the year 2020 to be set at the EU level .
WASHINGTON  The Joint Strike Fighter was supposed to be the program that broke the mold , proof that the Pentagon could build something affordable , dependable and without much drama .
But rather than being the Chevrolet of the skies , as it was once billed , the fighter plane , also called the F - 35 , has turned into the Pentagon ’s biggest budget - buster .
And with worries growing that the rise in costs could overwhelm other programs , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates fired the general in charge this week and said he would withhold $ 614 million in fees from the prime contractor , Lockheed Martin .
The decision was an embarrassment for Lockheed Martin , the nation ’s largest military contractor , which could eventually draw at least a quarter of its sales from the F - 35 .
But Pentagon officials said they wanted to make sure they avoided the kind of death spiral that had caused so many other weapons programs to collapse .
The Air Force , the Navy and the Marines are planning to buy more than 2,400 of the planes .
But any delays could force them to spend billions of dollars on less advanced fighters to avoid a shortfall .
That , in turn , would reduce their orders for the F - 35 , driving up the price for each plane and forcing them to cut orders further .
Went to a local community meeting a week ago , and saw a guy with this sign : I 've done the best I can to replicate it in Photoshop .
The font is wrong , although very close .
Anyone know more about this ?de Toqueville and others suspected that class antagonism might heat up in America .
One form of that antagonism is racial strife .
One side says that minorities are disproportionately poor because they 're discriminated against ; the other side suggests that social Darwinism is in effect and different ethnicities evolved differently .
Should be interesting .
Teacher seniority rules are meeting resistance from government officials and parents as a wave of layoffs is hitting public schools and driving newer teachers out of classrooms .
In a majority of the country 's school districts , teacher layoffs are handled on a " last in , first out " basis .
Critics of seniority rules worry that many effective and talented teachers who have been hired in recent years will lose their jobs .
Unions ...
Mike Whitney : November marks the 10th anniversary of the WTO riots in Seattle .
Can you explain why you went even though you knew you might be harassed , gassed , beaten or arrested ?
Jeffrey St. Clair : I had no intention of being harassed , gassed , beaten , shot at or arrested .
This was Seattle after all .
The police do n't act that way in the Emerald City .
I did n't particularly want to go , but Cockburn could n't be budged from Petrolia .
The Turtles and Teamsters theme turned me off .
Many of the groups behind the " official " protest had prostrated themselves at the feet of the Clinton Administration for seven years as they hacked away at the foundations of the environmental , labor and human rights policies that had been in place since the Great Society without so much as a whimper of protest .
It had all the hallmarks of another Potemkin protest by the politically neutered progressive bloc .
But there were rumblings from the underground that a more impolite demonstration might erupt on the streets .
I wanted to show up just in case .
Besides , there was an exhibition of paintings by my favorite American artist Morris Graves showing in town .
In the end , Graves had to wait .
MW : What groups participated in the demonstrations and was there a common - thread that tied them together ?
Jeffrey St. Clair : The French philosopher Michel Foucault quipped , " It 's resistance that unites us . "
So it was in Seattle .
If there was a common thread that united Earth Firsters , anarchists , Longshoremen and even wheat farmers from the Great Plains it was resistance against the machinery of government , from the WTO to the Clinton administration to the Seattle Police Department .
In the end , this strange melange included even the people of Seattle as they were indiscriminately brutalized by their own cops .
The street protests were organized ( if you can call it organized ) by the Direct Action Network and the Ruckus Society , along with some independent operators such as the Black Bloc .
But the over - reaction of the Seattle cops did more to swell the size and intensity of the protests than any of those groups .
It was a unique convergence of forces and circumstances that created a one - of - a- kind spectacle that even the Situationists might have enjoyed .
MW : Most people have only heard the media 's version of the events ( along with the endless footage of the attack on the Starbuck 's store )
Can you explain what the media " got wrong " in their coverage ?
Jeffrey St. Clair --
You can't expect the corporate media to critique global capitalism , can you ?
In the end , I did n't think the media coverage of the Seattle demonstrations was that terrible .
Of course , the media made no attempt to understand what was driving the protests , but that would have required them to get out on the streets and interview people as concussion grenades were exploding overhead - - not something the business press , assembled for the WTO , was comfortable doing .
The media certainly globalized the protests and made those street battles an inspiration to activists around the world .
I do n't mind seeing those images of Starbucks and Niketown getting whacked .
In the end , I think the media , particularly the Seattle media , turned against the cops -- at least what I was able to watch in my cramped motel room at the King 's Inn .
Give the Black Bloc their due .
By smashing a few windows in advance of the WTO , they largely preempted any coverage of the phony labor / green parade and rally and got the cameras out on the streets where they belonged .
MW : " 5 Days that Shook the World " , the book that you co-authored with Alexander Cockburn and photographer Allan Sekula , is a classic of radical journalism .
But I 'm afraid it has n't gotten the attention it deserves .
Apart from the riveting storyline and the high - octane prose , there 's quite a bit of information here that would interest antiwar protesters and civil libertarians .
It looks like many of the repressive measures that people associate with the Bush era , actually had took root during the Clinton administration ; extralegal surveillance , preemptive arrest , and the rise of paramilitary - type law enforcement .
What did Seattle teach you about repression in America ?
Jeffrey St. Clair : The WTO protests exposed what many of us had been writing about for years : the militarization of policing in America .
The images of cops dressed in black stormtrooper gear , firing concussion grenades , plastic bullets and tear gas at protesters , business people and shoppers on the streets of America 's most self - consciously progressive ( and white ) city revealed how thoroughly infected the nation 's police forces had become with these brutal tactics and anti-constitutional measures .
Of course , none of this would have come as a surprise to the residents of South Central Los Angeles , where these tactics had been a daily fact of life since at least the tenure of Darryl Gates in the 1980s .
But now the traumas of black America had shown up on the streets of one of America 's whitest cities .
The Clinton administration had proved with lethal force it was more than willing to trample basic constitutional guarantees at Waco in the horrific and totally unjustified raid on the Branch Davidians , where more than 100 people were burned to death .
Of course , at the time few progressives sympathized with Koresh and his followers and many of them defended the actions of the FBI and ATF , even after watching those women and kids go up in flames .
It 's also worth noting that the Waco raid saw the Clinton administration trample the Posse Comitatus Act , which prohibited domestic operations by the US military .
It 's now been proved that the Delta Force had a hand in the Waco catastrophe .
Again liberals were mute on this constitutional incursion by Clinton .
Then after the bombing of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Clinton pushed congress to pass the Counterterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act , which was a precursor of the Patriot Act .
This law widely expanding policing powers , set up the noxious Joint Terrorism Task Forces , where the FBI set up shop with local cops , and became to criminalize various kinds of dissent and protest .
Seattle revealed the maturation of these tactics to middle - class and liberal America .
MW : The book takes a few jabs at liberals ( like Medea Benjamin ) and Big Labor who did n't really lift a finger to disrupt the WTO meetings .
How do explain the willingness of liberals and labor to roll over and let the corporations decide how they think the world should be divided up ?
Do you think the Iraq war protests would have been more successful had they used the tactics of WTO demonstrators rather than ambling sheeplike through city - centers waving signs and mooning for the cameras ?
Jeffrey St. Clair :
It 's no surprise that the big environmental groups and big labor did n't try to disrupt the WTO meetings or even come to the aid of the street protesters as they were being brutalized by the cops .
All they really wanted was a seat at the negotiating table , even if they knew they were going to get creamed in the negotiations .
These groups barely stood up to Reagan and Bush I .
They were silly putty in Clinton 's hands , willing to swallow , and at times , even defend every betrayal , from NAFTA and the destruction of welfare to logging in ancient forests .
Medea Benjamin is a different story .
She wanted to claim ownership of street protests but did n't want to be tarred by elements that made her funders and friends in the media uncomfortable .
Her defense of Niketown was outrageous , but entirely predictable .
Witness her recent statements urging a limited , modified pull - out from Afghanistan .
She thrives on media stunts and in order to continue to be a quotable source ( even by Bill O. ) she needs to distance herself from the more radical elements , in this case , a few black kids helping themselves to some overpriced , sweatshop produced Nike footware liberated by the Black Bloc .
It was a pathetic performance .
I do n't think the Seattle experience can or will be repeated .
You can only take the ruling class off guard once every few decades .
The greatest protest against the Iraq war was done by a single person : Cindy Sheehan and her lonely vigil outside Crawford , Texas .
The failure was in the anti-war movement 's inability to capitalize on Cindy 's courageous stand .
This illustrates -- along with the failure to run the Bush crowd out of town after Katrina - - of the deep institutional impotence of the American left , a paralysis that has become even more pronounced in the age of Obama .
MW :" Jeffrey St. Clair 's Seattle Diary " ( chapter 2 ) is just a great read .
Can you explain the mood of the crowd and the fear you must have felt when the helicopters were buzzing overhead and the small army of truncheon - wielding robocops were clearing the streets and dragging hundreds of protesters off to jail ?
Jeffrey St. Clair : I was n't frightened .
It was an altogether exhilarating experience .
But then again I did n't get hit in the head with a plastic bullet or locked up in a stifling bus for 20 hours .
A little tear gas now and then is good for the soul .
MW : Here 's the final entry to your " Seattle Diary " :
" I walked out on the street one last time .
The acrid stench of CN gas still soured the morning air .
As I turned to get into my car for the drive back to Portland , a black teenager grabbed my arm .
" Hey , man , does this WTO deal come to town every year ? "
I knew how the kid felt .
Along with the poison , the flash bombs and rubber bullets , there was an optimism , energy and camaraderie that I had n't felt in a long time . "
What was achieved in Seattle that week in 1999 ?
Jeffrey St. Clair : It was an inspirational week .
Seattle proved that after swallowing seven years of crap from a Democratic regime it was possible for some progressives to awaken from their hibernation and express in a direct and confrontational way their anger with their political masters .
It showed that resistance is not only possible , but that it can also be fun .
The movement is in repose once again .
But , who knows , it make reawaken any time in the next seven years ....
Notes on WTO demonstrations by Alexander Cockburn :
“ As we wrote at the time , You can take state power by surprise over twenty or thirty years , and state power spends the next two or three decades making sure it wo n't happen again .
See May / June ' 68 in Paris .
The next big anti-WTO rally after Seattle was in Washington DC and as JoAnn Wypijewski reported for CounterPunch after that rally , the Maryland / DC cops had orders to shoot to kill if necessary .
You can chart the fanatic vigilance of the state by the near impossibility of demonstrating within eyeshot of Bush or Cheney .
There were several instances of people in wheel chairs and a sign , awaiting the Royal Progress of W or C , being hauled off to distant wire pens , there to exercise their First Amendment rights .
Jeffrey and I were at the Democratic convention in Los Angeles in the summer of 2000 and the armed police presence was beyond belief , with squads of motor bike cops regularly roaring along the sidewalks .
It took the arrival of a black president in the White House to persuade the police that it was okay to have a man with a revolver strapped to his leg to demonstrate at an Obama town hall meeting with a sign quoting Jefferson on the need to water the tree of liberty with the blood of tyrants .
Of course one 's tendency is to think that a hugely exciting event like the Seattle Days is the beginning of something -- but alas , Seattle was more epilogue than overture .
The organized left fell apart in the Clinton years and has n't effectively reconstituted itself since .
In fact in the US the left as an energetic intellectual and political force is nearly dead , engorged by the Democratic Party .
Of course there are those who fight on - like us here at CounterPunch , and the fact that we have a large and loyal audience across the world for our stuff encourages us to believe there 's life in the Old Mole still . ” --
" 5 Days that Shook the World " , co-authored by Jeffrey St. Clair , Alexander Cockburn and Allan Sekula , Verso Publishing , London .
_______
plantman
About author Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Mike Whitney lives in Washington state .
He is a contributor to Kindle edition .
He can be reached at fergiewhitney@msn.com
The Ten Commandments on ' Nightline '
A new series explores the biblical commandments from a modern day perspective .
Sept. 14 , 2009  --
Can you list the Ten Commandments ?
Which of these biblical laws did you break or honor today ?
ABC News ' " Nightline " takes an unprecedented in - depth look at the Ten Commandments in a new series to launch Thursday , Sept. 24 at 11:35 p.m. ET .
The program 's anchors and correspondents will tackle each of the commandments , looking at what they mean , and how they apply to life in the 21st century .
The series launches with " Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery . "
Co-anchor Cynthia McFadden moderates a " Nightline " " Face - Off " with one big question :
Were we " born to cheat ? "
Participants include : Pastor Ed Young of the Fellowship Church in Dallas , Jonathan Daugherty of Be Broken Ministries , Jenny Block , author of " Open : Love , Sex , and Life in an Open Marriage , " and Noel Biderman , CEO of ashleymadison.com , a Web site for people who want to cheat on their partners .
For " Remember to Keep the Sabbath Holy , " correspondent Vicki Mabrey profiles Chick Fil - A , the successful fast food chain that is closed on Sundays .
Mabrey sits down with Chick Fil - A CEO Dan Cathy near Dallas , who explains why being closed on Sunday makes great business sense .
For " There is Only One God , " " Nightline " correspondent John Donvan travels to Egypt and Israel in search of the real story of the commandments and their creation .
For " Thou Shalt Not Kill , " ABC News Correspondent Nick Watt interviews the Dr. Death of New Zealand .
When is euthanasia justified ?
" Nightline 's " series , " The Ten Commandments , " begins airing Thursday , Sept. 24 at 11:35 p.m. ET .
The litigation is complex and politically charged .
Among those suing are firefighters , police officers , construction workers and other responders who draw public sympathy .
Many elected officials and advocacy groups are demanding compensation , long - term medical treatment and monitoring for the workers from the federal government .
Image Glen Klein , left , a former police officer who says he got sick after recovery work at ground zero , at a 9/11 rally .
Credit ... Allan Tannenbaum / Polaris
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg supports a bill pending in Congress that would offer federal relief to people harmed by work at the site .
But the city has , at the same time , been fighting the workers in court , arguing , among other things , that it is immune from damages in cases involving a civil defense disaster or a national emergency .
At issue is how great the city ’s liability would be if it lost the cases .
“ We would rather stand with the responders before Congress than fight them in the courtroom , ” said Jason Post , a spokesman for the mayor .
“ Responders and workers should not have to prove that the city or the contractors are somehow responsible for their harms — which plaintiffs are obligated to prove and which the city thinks is not the case . ”
Still , in 2007 , Mr. Bloomberg said the city was willing to explore settling the cases .
Although the cases have been consolidated , they are being considered separately and not as a class - action lawsuit .
The court , lawyers for the plaintiffs and the city are selecting a small group of sample cases to bring to trial in the hope that the verdicts will guide settlement of the remaining lawsuits .
“ No one seriously thinks that all of these cases would ever be tried , ” said Richard A. Nagareda , a law professor who teaches complex civil litigation at Vanderbilt University Law School .
“ Ultimately , everybody understands there ’s going to be some sort of comprehensive settlement .
The question is , what is the price ? ”
The city is arguing that its liability is capped at $ 350 million under federal law , but lawyers for the plaintiffs are disputing that figure .
If they prevail , the city could face an enormous cost for its share of the compensation .
The city and its contractors are covered by an insurance fund of almost $ 1 billion financed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency .
The private contractors named as defendants have their own insurance , although the coverage available has not been determined .
On the Internet , slot machines have become a fantastic attraction in recent times .
The purpose of this sudden manic addiction to these games varies from man or woman to man or woman .
Many people play them to get the experience of online slot machines .
Many people do this only because they never knew that they were playing these video games , and therefore they want to see how these games work .
Others play to pass the time , and some only think …
Read More Read More
Hisardut
( The Orange County Register / MCT )
IRVINE , California –
When the shooter burst through the door , the students were ready .
They jumped over and around tables .
They rushed the gunman .
They screamed and tossed anything within reach ; backpacks , books , pens .
In less than five seconds , the would - be killer was on the floor , powerless to carry out his planned – and staged – massacre .
“ How many shots did you get off ? ” the guest instructor asked after the simulated attack in a University of California , Irvine , classroom .
“ Two , ” the shooter said .
“ How many people did you hit ? ” “ Maybe one .
A head shot .
I got off one good shot .
” Alon Stivi , the guest instructor , will take that any day .
One death ; only one .
Stivi knows about death .
The married , father of four has about him the air of mysterious tough guy – a vibe underscored by an accent that is difficult to pin down .
Stivi was born in France and raised in Israel .
He ’s fluent in English , French and Hebrew , can get by in Arabic , and is studying Russian and Spanish .
But Stivi also knows violent death in ways that go deeper than accentsor Hollywood cliches .
Before moving to the states more than 20 yearsago , Stivi spent four years in Israel ’s special forces , includingnearly a year in Lebanon during the 1982 war .
“ I have personally witnessed soldiers , innocent civilians , andchildren , injured , maimed and killed at war , and in several terroristattacks in the region – including a suicide bombing .
” Now , at 48 , he ’s a recognized expert on counterterrorism , violenceprevention , security , and hand - to - hand combat .
( Ask him if he can killyou with one finger , and Stivi – who is trained in the Israeli fightingsystem ( survival ) –asks , “ Which one ? ” )
Stivi also has protected billionaires like WarrenBuffett and politicians , including the Terminator himself , ArnoldSchwarzenegger .
So what ’s Stivi doing with all this expertise on violence and death and security ?
Going to school .
He ’s launching a special training program to make students and officeworkers safer even from the most extreme forms of violence .
“ Schoolsare in denial and disorganized [ about coping with violence ] , ” Stivisays .
Orange County ’s worst mass - shooting occurred at a school , on July 12,1976 , when custodian Edward Allaway opened fire on his fellow workersat Cal State Fullerton , killing seven and wounding two .
Since themid-1960s , 207 people have been in killed in on - campus shootings in theUS .
“ With the techniques I teach , you do n’t have to be a martial artist , asolider , a policeman or policewoman to protect yourself , ” Stivi says .
“ You can be anybody . ” Stivi does n’t want to sound alarmist , or promote paranoia , but he ’s gota message that is n’t reassuring .
“ No matter how quickly firstresponders arrive , they simply wo n’t be there within the first 10 minutes – when most casualties occur .
” Stivi is saying this to a crowd of about 300 in a UC Irvine classcalled Violence and Society , taught by Ray Novaco , a professor ofpsychology and social behavior .
Novaco invited several educators and law enforcement officials to hearStivi present an overview of his new online defense course .
The classteaches school officials what to do before , during and after a violentincident .
Called ACT
Cert , for Attack Countermeasures Training Certification , the 25 - hour course is tailored to faculty , school staff and schoolsecurity .
It launches nationwide next month , and typically will cost $ 2,500 per person .
Stivi has consulted with schools for years on safety issues , butbelieves a standardized online training program is long overdue .
“ Schools need to think seriously about security and the millions ofdollars that could potentially be paid out in damages and increasedinsurance rates [ if serious violence erupts ] , ” Stivi says .
Cowering under tables , the students are sitting ducks .
Make that , dead ducks .
ºWhen the gunman bursts through the doors , he methodically walks aroundthe room , picking off victims one at a time .
It ’s a massacre .
In a demonstration following a recent lecture , Stivi shows what not todo – sit and cower .
He also shows how to survive – to act as a groupand apply the tactics he terms “ collective resistance .
”
“ You are trapped , ” Stivi says .
“ There ’s a shooter between you and a safe area .
What do you do ?
“ There ’s strength in numbers , ” he adds .
“ You have the element of surprise .
” The UC Irvine classroom has two doors .
Stivi shows students to crouchlow while running out the back door after making sure the coast isclear .
He shows them to stand against a wall , body low , to knock theshooter over when he enters the room .
He shows them how to use a table to disrupt a shooter ’s line of sight , and he teaches other ways to distract a would - be killer – even for afew seconds .
“ Sometimes , ” Stivi says , “ a few seconds is all you need .
” Novaco , who has known Stivi for nearly 20 years , but has no financialties to his business , says the training is effective because it ’s basedon what works – not theory .
“ I have personally seen him instruct students of all ages andcapabilities , and he trains them psychologically and in personalcharacter , as well as physically , ” Novaco says .
“ He also does n’t teach people to do things that will not work or cannotbe done by them ...
And he knows the realities of what goes down in aviolent incident .
” Says Stivi : “ Everything I teach is based on common - sense things peoplecan do .
This is n’t about making people fearful , but about empowerment . ” Oscar I . Gonzalez , a doctoral candidate in psychology and socialbehavior attending the demonstration , calls it “ one of the mostvaluable lessons I have ever received .
” This is true , he says , even though he ’s been trained as an army medical specialist .
“ Looking back at recent events highlights the obvious , ” says Gonzales , 32 .
“ This type of training could save lives and should be a standardprocedure of our education system . ”
Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich ) of " can't- do- enough - to - help - the - Bishops - strip - women- of - their - rights " fame , tells CQ that DCCC Chair Van Hollen ( D - Md ) is urging him to " run for re-election , " proving to women that the Dems have our backs .... to the firing squad .
Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich ) of “ can’t - do- enough - to - help - the - Bishops - strip - women - of - their - rights ” Stupak - Pitts amendment fame , tells Congressional Quarterly today that Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chair Chris Van Hollen ( D - Md ) called him “ urging him to run for re-election . ”
There you have it , gals .
The Democratic Party once again has your back .
To the firing squad .
Perhaps they are also urging Joe Pitts and Ben Nelson to create a joint ticket for 2012 .
Though inkers were considered the “ queens , ” the shimmering tails , transparent fins , sparkling water , and fairy dust — a combination of stippling and colored ink — of the painters were enchanting marvels , too .
“ My most unfavorite colors were gray and purple : they streaked , ” said June , referring to her work on Monstro , the whale in Pinocchio .
“ And you had to work very , very fast so that they would n’t dry . ”
She remembers getting her first big assignment on the Pinocchio “ coach ” scene , and painting the whole thing on the wrong side of the cel by mistake .
“ I was sure I was going to be fired on the spot , ” she recalls , “ but when I went to see it at the Pantages Theater , they had used the scene but disguised it in a rainstorm . ”
Yet the girls themselves were often the ones to spot errors — such as the little animal in the “ Rite of Spring ” section of Fantasia that was supposed to walk into water but ended up floating in the sky .
Nothing pleased
Walt more than creative solutions from every department to enhance naturalism , and inkers and painters , too , began experimenting .
When they thought Snow White ’s cheeks too pale , painters came up with just the right rosy blend to top them off .
When her black hair was too dull , they perked it up with highlights .
On the 1942 feature Saludos Amigos , inkers devised an Olympics of inking , working “ four pens at once , tied by rubber bands , ” said Jeanne .
“ I got twice as much done . ”
Grace recounted in a U.C.L.A. oral history that it took days to create the film effect for the dance of the flowers in Fantasia — “ to capture it from one cel to another so it would n’t jerk and still look like it was just that fluttery thing that just could fly off the page . ”
In early years , paints were given numbers , not names , with the exception of “ Roy , ” revealed Ruthie , “ a beigy - brown ” color the girls named after the man who carefully washed their nitrate cels .
Later on , after the studio moved to Burbank , having a color named for you would become a special accolade .
Once the paint was dry , the “ airbrushing ” ( applied by spray for cheek tones or puffy clouds ) or “ drybrushing ” ( applied by brush for speed lines , pixie dust , smoke shading ) specialists would finish up .
At an average of 8 to 10 cels an hour , 100 girls could only , in theory , turn out less than one minute of screen time by the end of the day .
A uniformed maid served tea ( and occasionally highly prized Lorna Doones ) at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. — a welcome respite they often enjoyed out on the lawn — and would gently nudge them if they accidentally nodded off during these 15 - minute breaks .
Inkers and painters were not the only ones under scrutiny .
All the animators , including the “ in - betweeners , ” underwent rigorous training , including classes with Chouinard Art Institute guru Don Graham .
Their own athleticism and theatricality ( and the mirror next to their desks ) held extra opportunities for the all - important “ action analysis , ” the study of the mechanics of character motion .
But just plain funny was important , too , and good gags — once worth up to $ 3.50 , in cash — and practical jokes were subtly encouraged .
“ They put a fish underneath my board — it had a horrible smell , ” said animator Don Lusk , notable for the “ Arabian Dance ” in Fantasia .
Walt and the animators were able to see early pencil tests in sweatboxes — once airless rooms — around a Moviola .
When he pushed them for even more naturalism in Snow White , actors were filmed performing the action in a complex technique called “ rotoscoping , ” a detail he wanted kept secret from the public since he considered tracing a form of cheating , according to Neal Gabler ’s award - winning biography , Walt Disney — The Triumph of the American Imagination .
Individual frames of film were printed as photostats , then used as sophisticated guides for details of movement .
( Fourteen - year - old dancer Marjorie Belcher — later Marge Champion — was cast as the princess . )
From time to time , though , Walt would let the inkers and painters see “ the roughs ” as they perched on the soundstage floor .
For the girls , whose work came to them in bits and pieces , it was a welcome chance to actually understand what they were slaving over .
It ’s Off to Work We Go
Even as Animation and Ink and Paint were in full tilt on Snow White , story and music men were grappling with various stages of development on Pinocchio and Fantasia and Bambi : the Hyperion studio was bursting with creative excitement .
The V.I.P.’s on Walt ’s tours were in awe ; it was the only place in Hollywood where artists , and not stars , were the main attraction .
“ I was workin ’ away yesterday afternoon inking Donald Duck ’s nephews when some visitors came through and stopped to look over my shoulder .
I looked up and here was [ British actor ] George Arliss , monocle and all , ” wrote Rae .
In fact , there were never more charming assembly - line cogs than inkers and painters , in their rayon print dresses , pearls , and heels , or the high - waisted , flared pants and slip - ons that Katharine Hepburn had made fashionable .
Their makeup was perfect , too — drawing a fine line around their eyes and lips was easy compared with refining the taper in Pluto ’s tail .
Occasionally , the Camera department would complain that dandruff or angora from a sweater would appear “ like snow on the screen , ” and thus silky pongee smocks eventually became common to avoid mishap .
Yet the defining touch may have been the thin , white cotton gloves they customized by cutting off the thumb and first two fingers on their working hand , which made them appear so ladylike .
“ There was much more to being an inker than merely shoving a pen around , ” wrote Rae .
Steady hands were their lifeline .
“ I did n’t bowl , smoke , or drink , ” said Jeanne .
“ We were worried that our hands would shake . ”
Def Jam for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Godfather for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Lord of the Rings : Conquest for PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Mercenaries 2 : World in Flames for PC
Need for Speed : Carbon for PlayStation Portable
Need for Speed : ProStreet for PlayStation Portable
Simpsons for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
Burnout 3 : Takedown for PlayStation 2
Army of Two for PlayStation 3 ( Asia only )
Today EA announced that over the next two months they will be shutting down the online servers for nine more of their games .
The affected games includeand
The announcement also notes that they 're dropping support for their three remaining Xbox Original online games on April 15th , though that 's a service - wide shutdown instituted by Microsoft .
Earlier this month , EA discontinued online play for a number of their sports games , including
I am a pamphleteer
This is my online pamphlet .
I am not a journalist
I am better
I do not claim to be unbiased
I relish my bias
I am not the new media
I am a return to the old media
I am better then the mass media
I speak only for myself
I have returned to our nations roots
I stand upon the street corner
I am a pamphleteer
This website Is The Result Of Opinions , Observations And Questions Raised By The blogger And Is Intended to Constitute " Protected and free Speech " .
The 2008 LP presidential nominee locks horns with Bill O’Reilly over terrorism issues :
Link to the video .
news Is Selling Israel With Small Penis Jokes Bad Taste or Good Marketing ?
Conventional wisdom tells us that linking anything to small penis size is never a good idea .
“ Size Does n’t Matter , ” a tongue - in - cheek promotion of Israeli tourism targeting young Canadians made by the Canadian Federation of Jewish Students , is n’t conventional .
The video , depicting a young couple seemingly chatting about oral sex and the small size of the guy ’s equipment ( or are they ? ) , first surfaced on Vimeo , and is still alive and well on YouTube after disappearing from the former video site today .
The associated Size Does n’t Matter website is loaded with photos of models , artists , and concerts , as well as the more traditional tourist attractions .
Menus list Israel ’s achievements in science and technology , environmental protection , and civil rights — standard fare for a tourism site .
According to Rebecca Cherniak of the Canadian Federation of Jewish Students ( CFJS ) , the purpose of the campaign is to reverse the low opinion of Israel on college campuses by encouraging students to be curious about the country .
The Federation believes this curiosity will help counter the negative press that Israel has received over the years .
“ After seeing the video we hope students will visit sites such as Size Does n’t Matter in order to learn more about the country , and come to their own conclusions about Israel ’s actions and role in the Middle East . ”
In the last few days , the video has been viewed over fifteen thousand times and attracted over three thousand visitors to the website ; both have generated plenty of criticism .
Neal Ungerleider , a New York–based journalist and blogger who specializes in Mid-East affairs , wrote on True / Slant that “ it is hard to believe even a single viewer will show interest in visiting Israel or have a higher opinion of Israel because of the ad . ”
His remarks are typical .
“ We knew the campaign would be risky , ” says Cherniak , but the Federation ’s goal was to create buzz on the ‘ net and within social media venues such as Facebook and Twitter .
That , and this campaign is only the beginning .
Coordinated by Hillel ( a Jewish student organization ) and other federations including CFJS , Jewish university students are coordinating a Canada - wide campaign against the sixth annual Israeli Apartheid Week , which runs the first week of March .
Size Does n’t Matter is the first phase of CFJS ’s marketing blitz , and will be followed by The Truth Campaign , which runs in early March , and an as - of - yet unrevealed third phase involving social media .
“ Our next video , ” says Cherniak , “ will take the viewers from an office scene to a bedroom scene . ”
Provocativeness , presumably , ensues .
This article originally said that the campaign against Israeli Apartheid Week , which CFJS is part of , was coordinated in part by the Canadian Council for Israel and Jewish Advocacy ; in fact , that is not the case .
Today marks day 18 of our son ’s young life , but I can already tell some of the awesome purchases we made , and things we could have done without .
Many parents will swear they could n’t do without this or that , so consider this post my two cents on the subject of baby gear .
I ’m not going to cover the obvious must - haves , like car seats and diapers / wipes .
They ’re either legally required , or just necessary to maintain basic baby cleanliness .
I would also put cribs in this category , although some people will still argue that you can do without a formal crib for a baby .
What I ’ll give you instead are my thoughts on some of the more unique items around the house that we ’ve accumulated over the last year , and how useful they ’ve proven to be in the large scheme of things under heavy testing .
Granted , it ’s only been three weeks , but in this high - pressure baby environment , we ’re quickly losing patience for anything but the best of the best , and the most practical items .
So I think it ’s safe to make some initial judgments .
Definite Necessities
Here are some of the purchases we ’ve made that have worked out so well , we consider them baby necessities :
Diaper Bag .
I thought this would just be another fashion accessory .
Turns out it makes things easy to organize when you travel out of the house ( and there is a lot of stuff to bring everywhere ) .
I thought this would just be another fashion accessory .
Turns out it makes things easy to organize when you travel out of the house ( and there is a lot of stuff to bring everywhere ) .
Baby Detergent .
Another product I had no clue about when we started this journey .
Turns out regular detergent can irritate baby ’s skin , so this is a better alternative .
Another product I had no clue about when we started this journey .
Turns out regular detergent can irritate baby ’s skin , so this is a better alternative .
Pacifiers .
Doctors are split on the use of pacifiers in newborns , but I would say the majority were for it .
I can tell you that it spares us a great deal of crying when baby ’s hungry and mama ’s still getting ready .
Doctors are split on the use of pacifiers in newborns , but I would say the majority were for it .
I can tell you that it spares us a great deal of crying when baby ’s hungry and mama ’s still getting ready .
Washcloths .
These small wonders are extremely versatile for jobs like wiping , cleaning , washing , and almost everything else .
We keep a healthy supply around .
These small wonders are extremely versatile for jobs like wiping , cleaning , washing , and almost everything else .
We keep a healthy supply around .
Receiving Blankets .
Like washcloths , these turned out to be more versatile than expected .
Other than the obvious uses of covering and / or holding the baby , they can also be rolled up as propping tools , used as temporary sheets , and as privacy covers when breastfeeding .
Like washcloths , these turned out to be more versatile than expected .
Other than the obvious uses of covering and / or holding the baby , they can also be rolled up as propping tools , used as temporary sheets , and as privacy covers when breastfeeding .
Bottle Set & Breast Pump .
Even if you plan to breastfeed 100 % of the time , sometimes you just wo n’t be home every 2 - 3 hours because of your schedule .
A breast pump / bottle set is necessary ( not to mention that you can freeze milk for over 3 months ! ) .
Even if you plan to breastfeed 100 % of the time , sometimes you just wo n’t be home every 2 - 3 hours because of your schedule .
A breast pump / bottle set is necessary ( not to mention that you can freeze milk for over 3 months ! ) .
Good Baby Book .
For someone like me , who had no clue how to do almost anything with a baby , an “ instruction manual ” was priceless .
Thankfully , my wife came through with a couple of great daddy books .
For someone like me , who had no clue how to do almost anything with a baby , an “ instruction manual ” was priceless .
Thankfully , my wife came through with a couple of great daddy books .
Good Thermometer .
We went through two cheap thermometers before we realized that we were really getting what we paid for .
So we spent the money for something decent and accurate , and something that takes less time than 2 minutes to get a reading . 🙂
We went through two cheap thermometers before we realized that we were really getting what we paid for .
So we spent the money for something decent and accurate , and something that takes less time than 2 minutes to get a reading .
🙂 Pack - and - Play .
If you ’re away from home a lot ( especially if you have extended family locally ) , this is a home away from home for the baby .
Ours includes a bassinet and a changing table , and it ’s really priceless ( as well as portable ! ) .
Very Useful
These are things we found to be extremely helpful in day - to - day life , but may be hard - pressed to classify them as “ necessities . ”
They are :
Baby bathtub with infant net .
I know you can wash your baby in a sink and all that .
But it just seems much easier when a baby bathtub is involved and you do n’t have to worry about much except the bathing part .
I know you can wash your baby in a sink and all that .
But it just seems much easier when a baby bathtub is involved and you do n’t have to worry about much except the bathing part .
Diaper Champ .
I recommend this one over the Genie because you can use your own garbage bags ( not those expensive refills ) , and it seems to work just fine .
I recommend this one over the Genie because you can use your own garbage bags ( not those expensive refills ) , and it seems to work just fine .
Baby monitor .
This has been a life saver , not only for the baby , but also for Mom !
When I ’m running around remote parts of the house while Mom is breastfeeding , she can call me over without having to scream and yell .
This has been a life saver , not only for the baby , but also for Mom !
When I ’m running around remote parts of the house while Mom is breastfeeding , she can call me over without having to scream and yell .
Travel System .
This is a stroller / car seat combination , and a lot of them are fairly expensive .
But we purchased ours separately ( and researched prices carefully , of course ) for much less than the typical systems I see out there .
It ’s awesome when you want to take baby for a walk without waking him up .
This is a stroller / car seat combination , and a lot of them are fairly expensive .
But we purchased ours separately ( and researched prices carefully , of course ) for much less than the typical systems I see out there .
It ’s awesome when you want to take baby for a walk without waking him up .
Boppy .
This is a breastfeeding pillow ( photos ) , and another one of those “ what the heck will you use that for ? ” items .
But believe me–it ’s perfect for breast feeding , and it also helps your baby to develop coordination and muscles as they sit and lay in it when not feeding .
This is a breastfeeding pillow ( photos ) , and another one of those “ what the heck will you use that for ? ” items .
But believe me–it ’s perfect for breast feeding , and it also helps your baby to develop coordination and muscles as they sit and lay in it when not feeding .
Bassinet .
It ’s perfectly okay to have your baby sleep in the crib from Day 1 , but a lot of people ( like us ) elect to have a bassinet in their bedroom for easier night time monitoring and feeding until the baby is a few months old .
Bonus points if it rolls , since you can take it around the house with you !
It ’s perfectly okay to have your baby sleep in the crib from Day 1 , but a lot of people ( like us ) elect to have a bassinet in their bedroom for easier night time monitoring and feeding until the baby is a few months old .
Bonus points if it rolls , since you can take it around the house with you !
Reading Books .
Nothing beats daddy - baby time when you ’re reading a good book to the little guy .
There ’s something about the rhythm of reading that babies just seem to be enamored with .
Nothing beats daddy - baby time when you ’re reading a good book to the little guy .
There ’s something about the rhythm of reading that babies just seem to be enamored with .
Bottle Warmer .
We do n’t have one yet , but I can definitely see the appeal .
It takes 10 - 15 minutes and constant stirring and monitoring when trying to warm up a bottle “ manually . ”
When there ’s a screaming , hungry baby waiting for you , it makes things extra - difficult .
We do n’t have one yet , but I can definitely see the appeal .
It takes 10 - 15 minutes and constant stirring and monitoring when trying to warm up a bottle “ manually . ”
When there ’s a screaming , hungry baby waiting for you , it makes things extra - difficult .
Baby Hamper .
Or any separate baby clothes area , really .
It makes things super - easy at laundry time , since baby stuff should be washed in baby detergent , and usually has poop / pee / spit up , and all sorts of fun stuff on it .
Or any separate baby clothes area , really .
It makes things super - easy at laundry time , since baby stuff should be washed in baby detergent , and usually has poop / pee / spit up , and all sorts of fun stuff on it .
Bouncer .
A small , portable bouncer is great for moving around the house and traveling , even when babies can’t quite bounce in it yet ( you can bounce it with your foot ! ) .
Like a car seat , but more comfortable .
Ehh … Not So Much
We think these items may be useful for some people , or may get more use in the future , but right now there ’s just not working out :
Rocker / Glider .
We have one , but it has n’t gotten as much use for the baby as we had initially thought it would .
It is , however , great when daddy wants to fall asleep or relax !
We have one , but it has n’t gotten as much use for the baby as we had initially thought it would .
It is , however , great when daddy wants to fall asleep or relax !
Sling / Carrier .
We have both a carrier sling , and one of those funny - looking backpacks .
We ’ll probably get use of the backpack in the future , but opted to use the travel system for walks , rather than the sling .
We have both a carrier sling , and one of those funny - looking backpacks .
We ’ll probably get use of the backpack in the future , but opted to use the travel system for walks , rather than the sling .
Traditional Dresser / Furniture .
Here ’s a free plug for IKEA –if you have a chance to ever use this store for your furniture , do it .
There are a lot of alternatives to “ traditional ” baby furniture that are more functional , safer , and a lot more fun-looking .
Here ’s a free plug for IKEA –if you have a chance to ever use this store for your furniture , do it .
There are a lot of alternatives to “ traditional ” baby furniture that are more functional , safer , and a lot more fun-looking .
Quick - prep Food .
This was actually a suggestion we got from almost every baby website– ‘ because of the lack of time and energy , you ’ll want to have frozen or quick foods to prepare . ”
We do n’t feel like we ’ve lacked either time or energy to the point where we want to sacrifice the nutritional quality of our food .
This was actually a suggestion we got from almost every baby website– ‘ because of the lack of time and energy , you ’ll want to have frozen or quick foods to prepare . ”
We do n’t feel like we ’ve lacked either time or energy to the point where we want to sacrifice the nutritional quality of our food .
Bathroom Gear .
Yeah , our bathroom is decked out in monkeys .
Too bad the baby ’s using the other bathroom in the house .
Oops !
Yeah , our bathroom is decked out in monkeys .
Too bad the baby ’s using the other bathroom in the house .
Oops !
Baby Swing .
This will probably get more useful later on , but for now , the little one ’s just uncomfortable in the swing and the movements seem to be too drastic for him .
Do n’t Even Bother
These are things we ’ve either stayed away from or recommend avoiding all together :
Clothes .
Well , yes –you ’ll need to clothe your baby .
But it ’s practically the only thing people will buy for you , and the stream of clothes wo n’t stop at the baby shower .
Rely on gifts first , buy only when necessary .
Well , yes –you ’ll need to clothe your baby .
But it ’s practically the only thing people will buy for you , and the stream of clothes wo n’t stop at the baby shower .
Rely on gifts first , buy only when necessary .
Fancy Mobile .
Babies have a pretty hard time focusing on anything for a few months .
I ’ve also been told that for the first year or so , they see high - contrast shapes the best ( black and white ) .
So that huge , colorful , singing mobile you just got may not be worth it .
Babies have a pretty hard time focusing on anything for a few months .
I ’ve also been told that for the first year or so , they see high - contrast shapes the best ( black and white ) .
So that huge , colorful , singing mobile you just got may not be worth it .
Changing Table .
I can see the benefits of having a changing table , but we opted to have a changing “ basket ” instead that can travel around the house to any flat surface ( bed , couch , even the floor ) .
I can see the benefits of having a changing table , but we opted to have a changing “ basket ” instead that can travel around the house to any flat surface ( bed , couch , even the floor ) .
Wiper Warmer .
I just do n’t see the point , honestly .
The baby ’s butt might get a little cold , but is that such a big deal ?
Your Thoughts
For those of you with kids , let me know what you think !
What products were priceless when your kids were babies ?
What could you have done without ?
Where did you get your purchasing advice , and how did it work out ?
( The little guy is doing great , by the way !
Thanks for all your questions and check - ins over the last few weeks . )
Photo by tanakawho
Things you Should Know about Essential Oils
Essential oils are an essential part of some of the natural products , and some of them are applied topically on the skin and also as a way of inhalation there is need to be sure about them .
Every a person who has the …
Waldemar Kornewald on February 22 , 2010
4 things to know for NoSQL Django coders
Update 2 : Take a look at the django - dbindexer .
Since its release it 's possible to use __month= queries so you do n't have to use tricky code which uses a date range query for example .
Additionally django - dbindexer adds support for simple JOINs .
Update : MongoDB backend is now available too :)
This is the first post in a series that should give you an impression of what non-relational / NoSQL model code looks like with django - nonrel .
As mentioned in the previous post , you can see django - nonrel in action on our new website ( we use it ourselves in the spirit of dogfooding ) .
While everything discussed here should work on all nonrel DBs we currently only have an App Engine backend and soon a MongoDB backend ( more on that once it 's finished ) .
If you want to help with other backends ( Redis , SimpleDB , CouchDB , etc. ) please join the discussion group .
We 'll dive into the source of our website which contains a very simple " CMS " and a blog app which can host multiple independent blogs .
It runs the admin interface unmodified , but with some limitations .
Overall , the code is surprisingly similar to normal Django code , but you 'll also find that nonrel - compatible models need their own way of thought .
What does it take to write a website that is nonrel - compatible ?
Let 's get rolling .
Setting up the environment
You need Python 2.5 or 2.6 .
Just download and unpack allbuttonspressed.zip and adjust settings.py .
This package contains Django nonrel and all other dependencies except for the App Engine SDK .
If you want to use the latest repository code you can alternatively take a look at the manual installation instructions .
That page also describes how to install the latest App Engine SDK on different operating systems .
You can now simply use manage .
py syncdb , manage .py createsuperuser , and manage .py runserver as usual .
Finally , you can deploy the site to App Engine via manage .
py deploy .
This will automatically run syncdb on the production server .
If you need to execute a command on the production server prefix it with " remote " .
For example : " manage.py remote shell " .
This only works once you 've deployed your website , though .
Now , let 's dive into the actual code and experience the differences .
JOINs are evil
As our first app we wrote a minimal CMS .
Now you might ask , why can't we just use django.contrib.flatpages ?
Imagination is the enemy of tyranny
By Per Wästberg
Before , the emphasis was on similarities .
Nowadays , the stress is on differences in order to create greater understanding about other people 's ways of life .
But that leads to demands for special treatment because of a person 's culture and traditions , which means that the rights of the group are placed above those of the individual .
Du måste vara inloggad plusanvändare för att läsa hela artikeln .
Klicka nedan för att logga in eller läsa om hur du blir plusanvändare .
Logga in
Unemployment is at an all time high .
Oddly enough so are online job listings .
According to the The Conference Board , online job demand was up 106,500 in November and job demand has averaged an increase of 32,000 per month since an April 2009 low .
That does n't mean every online job posting is a winner .
Anyone can post jobs on Monster or Craigslist .
The real jobs often get smothered by offers of awesome work , work - for - free opportunities , and even online scams .
How does a person weed out the contenders from the pretenders .
Here are five red flags in job postings that should make you think long and hard before applying .
Errors
Companies are sticklers for perfect resumes and cover letters .
Every job involves some form of checking and double checking and communication with clients and customers .
Few companies can afford an employee making careless mistakes in even the most minor daily activities .
They pore over resumes with a fine tooth comb .
An error can cost an otherwise qualified candidate an interview .
A job listing says as much about the company as your cover letter and resume says about you .
If a job listing has errors or looks extremely unprofessional ( for example , using ALL CAPS or no capitalization at all ) , chances are it's not a real company .
A Familiar Pitch
Imagine the same sales pitch every time you walked into a car dealership .
Would the same telemarketing voicemail convince you to take action after the 20th time you deleted it off your voicemail ?
The why do companies insist on posting the same exact job posting , month after month , year after year ?
I 've been a part of the workforce for almost ten years .
In that time I 've looked for several jobs .
I 've stayed loyal to a few sources for listings and leads .
I 'm not kidding when I say I 've seen more than a few job postings that have been posted for the past ten years .
Same company .
Same position .
Same exact listing all these years .
Now as much as the workforce turns over , there is still a reason to keep the listing fresh .
Be wary of job postings you 've seen before .
Cool Talk
I 'm sure you 've seen these postings , written by a CEO or HR Manager looking to attract fresh new talent into the work bloodline .
Ca n't fault them for that but they can leave the cool guy talk and buzz words for their company newsletter .
" Looking for superstars who can think on a grand scale and is ready to take a shot of Espresso in their morning Joe and chokehold the company 's Web 2.0 efforts " is the cool boss way of saying " We need someone to get the company involved in social media but it 's going to take long days and nights because the place is filled with stubborn and resentful people who think it 's a waste of time . "
Another common practice of the hip workplace postings is listing all the cool bennies ( that 's benefits ) of working in the office like " the office dog , half - day Fridays in the summer , and annual bonuses for exceptional work . "
Do n't get me wrong , those are all selling points when deciding to take a job ( unless you hate time off , money , and dogs ) , but those should be mentioned or noticed during an interview and not as reason to get people to apply .
Investment Salary
" While we can't afford to pay a competitive salary now , you will be compensated as the company grows . "
Every company starts from nothing , but new ideas and companies are born every day .
A small group of investors decides to take a monetary gamble on possibly the " next big thing . "
They are barely collecting a salary so how can they break the bank for a workforce ?
This is fine if you happen to catch wind of the next Twitter .
In the real world it just means they do n't have a ton of money at the moment so they can't pay you top dollar , but if you stick around they will make it worth your time when they hit it big .
That 's if they hit it big and it 's still not a guarantee they will fork over the cash .
If you feel confident in the company and are willing to take the risk , then by all means take the gig .
Just be sure to have it writing that should the company explode you get more money moving forward .
Click Link to Apply
You apply for a job that requested a resume and few hours later get a follow - up email requesting you follow a link to fill out additional information like name , address and social security number .
No , no , and absolutely no .
It 's a phishing scam and should be avoided at all costs .
No company needs your social security number until you 're an employee .
If a true company is interested , an actual person will reach out to you and request an interview or possibly more information .
Finding a job is a job .
If you waste little time on the companies listed above your time will be better spent .
What are some suspicious job listings you 've come across ?
Locking or not locking , it would seem , has more to do with one ’s internal geography than with the externals — or , as Ms. Braverman puts it , the stories one tells oneself :
I am a free and easy person who is more concerned that my house is open to any friend who wants to drop by than with possessions .
I live in a fine building in which people know and respect one another and there is no need to lock my door .
I live in a building in which we are all good friends , and if someone who has a few too many drinks walks in by mistake one night and falls asleep on the couch , it ’s a good story that proves what a friendly place this is .
Clay , a 25 - year - old college student in Sarasota , Fla. , lives in the same three - bedroom house he grew up in .
His family never locked the door , and he and his two roommates still do n’t .
He has often come home to find uninvited friends watching “ Monday Night Football ” ( cool ) ; once he came home to find a friend and his girlfriend using his bed ( not cool ) .
“ That ’s my bed and those are my sheets , ” he said , tossing them out .
But that incident was not enough to persuade him to lock the door .
He likes his friends to drop by .
Stephen is a well - traveled New Yorker who works in international public relations and is married with young children .
He has spent most of his life in high - security doorman buildings on Park Avenue , and he never locks his door during the day — the only key he carries is the one to his bicycle lock .
He enjoys the luxury of not having to bother with a key ; it ’s one of the reasons he pays that “ obscene ” $ 1,700 - a - month maintenance fee , he says .
He does not consider leaving his apartment door unlocked reckless or irresponsible ; his doormen are vigilant and there has not been a robbery in his building in the 10 years he has lived there .
Sarah , a 52 - year - old real estate broker who moved to New York 30 years ago , does not have a doorman .
She lives on the top floor of what she calls a “ cozy ” 10 - unit brownstone in Brooklyn , where she knows her neighbors and the two entrance doors are always locked .
If she goes away for the day , she says , she locks her apartment door , but if it ’s just an hour or two , walking the dog , she does n’t bother .
It ’s one less thing to do , and “ maybe I am not so afraid , as I am European — German from Munich — where we also left our door open ” when she was growing up , she says .
“ It ’s a bit of a habit and maybe a bit of a dare , as I always considered myself lucky . ”
The time factor — the notion that it is not necessary to lock if one is leaving the house for an hour or two , or traveling to a nearby town — comes up often with No Lock People , even those who have reason to know better .
Steve is a 39 - year - old security consultant who lives with his wife and two children in a ranch house in Nassau County , N.Y .
He advises corporations and individuals about security systems ; when he travels , he puts his valuables in the hotel room safe and carries a $ 5 bicycle lock for the balcony doors .
There are plenty of lightweight valuables in his home that a thief could quickly make off with : three laptops , two DVD players , his wife ’s jewelry .
But if he is leaving the house for an hour or two , to pick up his 7 - and 11 - year - olds at school or to go grocery shopping , he says , he does n’t bother to lock the door .
in al ien a ble |inˈāl ē ən ə bəl| adjective unable to be taken away from or given away by the possessor
" Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . "
- Ben Franklin
J
We The People
ake our comparison with England and the English constitution Our people are undoubtedly sovereign all the landed and other property is in the hands of the citizens not only their representatives but their senators and governors are annually chosen there are no hereditary titles honours offices or distinctions the legislative executive and judicial powers are carefully separated from each other the powers of the one the few and the many are nicely balanced in their legislatures trials by jury are preserved in all their glory and there is no standing army the habeas corpus is in full force the press is the most free in the world and where all these circumstances take place it is unnecessary to addt that the laws alone ean govern
The 911 Truth - Blind U.S. Corporate Media : PUBLIC ENEMY NUMBER ONE
FALSE CONSPIRACY THEORY ALERT - WARNING WILL ROBINSON - Quick - somebody call Harvard Law Professor and Constitutional Scholar and Obama advisor CASS SUNSTEIN
" If expressing doubts or reservations about the official story in the 9/11 Commission Report makes a person a conspiracy theory kook , then we have to include both co-chairmen of the 9/11 Commission and the Commission ’s legal counsel , all of whom have written books in which they clearly state that they were lied to by government officials when they conducted their investigation , or , rather , when they presided over the investigation conducted by executive director Philip Zelikow , a member of President George W. Bush ’s transition team and Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board and a co-author of Bush Secretary of State Condi " Mushroom Cloud " Rice . "
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures rose Thursday to six - month highs , with the December contract approaching $ 1,000 an ounce as a weakening dollar and fund buying pushed up prices .
Gold for delivery next year topped the key psychological level of $ 1,000 .
Gold for December delivery , the most active contract , gained $ 19.20 , or 2 % , to end at $ 997.70 an ounce on the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange , the highest level for the contract since Feb. 23 .
It rose as high as $ 999.50 earlier .
The October contract ended at $ 996.30 , while gold futures for April delivery ended at $ 1,000.20 an ounce .
Nearby gold futures had topped $ 1,000 an ounce in February .
The London fixing , a global gold benchmark , rose to $ 983 an ounce Thursday , the highest level for an afternoon fixing since Feb. 24 .
" Fund buying , momentum buying , short covering , all together buying " pushed up gold prices , said George Gero , a precious - metals trader for RBC Capital Markets .
" Many will take fearsome Friday off so there may be book squaring today . "
The dollar moved lower against the euro and the British pound Thursday , but remained higher against the Japanese yen , after economic data showed the number of people filing for initial unemployment benefits fell last week in the U.S .
In Europe , the European Central Bank left its key interest rate unchanged .
A weaker greenback tends to push up dollar - denominated gold prices .
Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust GLD , - 0.60 % rose slightly to 1,063.36 metric tons on Wednesday , up 1.53 metric tons from the prior day .
Gold was rising " amid some of the poorest fundamentals in recent memory , " said Jon Nadler , senior analyst at Kitco Metals Inc .
" For the short term anyway , the market still needs a close or two in the $ 990s to go for " the $ 1,000 mark .
Gold jewelry demand from India , the world 's biggest gold consumer , slumped 52 % in the first quarter compared with a year ago , and 31 % in the second quarter , according to the World Gold Council .
Despite the decline , " we continue to expect demand to improve in the run-up to a seasonally strong period compared to the depressed start of the year , " said Suki Cooper , an analyst at Barclays Capital , in a note .
Gold prices typically rise in September , an analysis of the historical record shows , as the start of holiday seasons in the world 's biggest gold - consuming countries tends to drive up demand .
Gold made gains for the past 16 out of 20 Septembers .
That 's a better track record than any other month of the year , a MarketWatch analysis of gold prices measured by the London fixing showed .
See full story .
In other metals dealings , silver for December delivery rallied 92.5 cents , or 6 % , to $ 16.29 an ounce .
October platinum also gained , adding $ 23.70 , or 1.9 % , to $ 1,253.80 an ounce , while December palladium rose $ 5.10 , or 1.8 % , to $ 294.05 an ounce .
Copper for December delivery rose 3.9 cents , or 1.4 % , to $ 2.865 a pound .
In other commodities , crude - oil futures prices stabilized , partly in reaction to government data showing that U.S. gasoline consumption jumped last week .
See Futures Movers .
In economic news Thursday , the number of people filing for state unemployment benefits for the first time fell by 4,000 to a seasonally adjusted 570,000 last week , the Labor Department reported .
The figures come one day before the government reports on the August employment data .
Economists surveyed by MarketWatch are looking for another sizable job loss of 250,000 .
The unemployment rate is expected to rise to 9.5 % .
See related story .
Earlier Thursday , the European Central Bank kept interest rates at a record - low 1 % as central bankers in the 16 - nation euro zone expressed skepticism that an economic recovery will take hold .
See full story .
Glen W. Bell Jr. , the innovator and entrepreneur who tapped an unsated hunger for Mexican fare as Americans discovered fast food , creating Taco Tia , El Taco and in 1962 his signature Taco Bell , has died .
He was 86 .
Bell , who ’d had Parkinson ’s disease since 1985 , died Sunday at his home in Rancho Santa Fe , the company announced .
No cause of death was given .
FOR THE RECORD :
Glen Bell obituary : The obituary of Taco Bell founder Glen W. Bell Jr. in Tuesday ’s Section A said he died Sunday .
Bell died Saturday . —
“ We changed the eating habits of an entire nation , ” Bell said in his 1999 biography , “ Taco Titan : The Glen Bell Story . ”
That he did .
When post - World War II Americans began to realize they could no longer survive without cheaply purchased , quickly delivered hamburgers , the Southern California born - and - bred Bell looked for another simple staple for the masses .
He chose the taco , which he first sold in 1951 for 19 cents each at a drive - in in San Bernardino .
Eventually , Bell coaxed multiethnic palates across the country into salivating for his tacos and later additions of burritos , tostadas , frijoles and chili burgers .
PepsiCo purchased Taco Bell in 1978 for $ 125 million and eventually spun off its restaurants into Tricon Global Restaurants Inc. , now known as Yum Brands .
Taco Bell serves more than 36 million customers each week in more than 5,600 U.S. locations .
Over the decades , Bell developed what he called his “ recipes for success ” -- some 60 homilies outlined in his biography .
His first three rules were the formula for his restaurant chains :
* You build a business one customer at a time ;
* Find the right product , then find a way to mass - produce it ;
* An innovative product will set you apart .
“ I ’m an entrepreneur , not an administrator , ” he said .
“ Taco Bell prospered because I recognized my limitations , hired professional managers to make up for them , and knew when to let go . ”
Glen William Bell Jr. was born Sept. 3 , 1923 , in Lynwood to an often out - of - work construction worker father and resourceful mother faring worse financially than their own parents .
Bell virtually grew up selling produce to help the struggling family .
When he was 5 , the family moved to a small farm in Oregon , and as the Depression came on , he started selling cottage cheese door to door .
In 1934 , the family moved to a 10 - acre mountainside orchard , owned by Bell ’s maternal grandmother , south of San Bernardino in Cedar Springs .
The family , now with five children , was more or less self - sufficient with the orchard , a garden and chickens .
Again , young Glen became the salesman , peddling eggs , apples and flowers .
Halfway through high school , he hopped freight trains and roamed from Iowa to Washington seeking work , sometimes on relatives ’ farms .
He spent a summer in Washington with a great aunt , learning to bake blackberry pies and selling them as Mrs. Dye ’s Homemade Pies .
They split a profit of $ 3,000 , and young Bell decided he wanted to own his own food stand .
After high school graduation in 1941 , he worked for the U.S. Forestry Service and for the military near Barstow before joining the Marines .
Bell ’s wartime service -- as a waiter serving top military brass in the South Pacific -- taught him how to balance the amount of food needed by specific numbers of diners , and the importance of clean and prompt service .
At war ’s end , he returned to San Bernardino and worked in a brickyard and the railroad yard before founding in 1948 a hamburger drive - in , which he later sold to in - laws .
He also built a second hamburger stand in San Bernardino .
When he developed and sold his first 19 - cent taco at that location , Bell separated himself from the neighboring competitors he so admired , Mac and Dick McDonald .
But Bell ’s success , built through long work days , destroyed his six - year marriage to Dorothy Taylor , the mother of his oldest son , Rex .
They divorced in 1953 .
As he restlessly built new stores and explored developing chains of food shops with partners , only to sell his interests , he influenced the creation of such fast - food brands as Taco Tia , Del Taco , El Taco and even Der Wienerschnitzel , whose owner he tutored .
In 1953 , at age 30 , Bell struck out for Barstow and built Bell ’s Hamburgers , selling tacos and hamburgers .
He took on a partner , Ed Hackbarth , who in 1964 founded Del Taco .
Bell took on another partner , variety store owner Al McDonald , to build a new taco stand in San Bernardino -- the first dubbed Taco Tia .
After adding Taco Tias in Riverside and Redlands , he sold out to McDonald , who opposed Bell ’s insistence on further expansion .
In 1955 Bell married a teacher , Martha “ Marty ” Ahl , and struck out on his own again -- this time in Pasadena .
But he misjudged the clientele , and his Taco Tia on Colorado Boulevard failed to show a profit .
With still other partners , he built a food store in Long Beach they called El Taco .
They built half a dozen or so , served by a central commissary to reduce overhead and control quality , before Bell again sold his interest .
Fresh out of names for a new enterprise , Bell turned to his real estate agent and friend , Bob Trujillo , who came up with the trademark Taco Bell .
The first Taco Bell opened in March 1962 in Downey .
Within two years ,
Bell had opened eight more .
In 1964 , he decided to franchise -- selling a turnkey restaurant , training , assistance and a grand opening celebration .
The first franchise operation opened in Torrance and was wildly popular .
By 1966 , Bell had his first franchise outside California -- Scottsdale , Ariz . -- and had spawned 80 Taco Bells .
The next year , he opened a headquarters building in Torrance and hired architect Robert McKay as president to handle the nuts and bolts of everyday business .
Bell moved to Florida to expand Taco Bells east .
When the first Taco Bell in Florida opened Nov. 29 , 1967 , tacos were so unfamiliar to residents that Bell had to run advertisements defining and picturing the menu items , listing ingredients and explaining how to pronounce them .
The company was so successful by 1969 that Bell made his first public stock offering .
He remained the major stockholder and personally pocketed $ 1 million from the sale .
By 1975 , he resigned as chairman of the board and sold stock valued at $ 5.85 million .
Enamored with Knott ’s Berry Farm and Disneyland , Bell had always wanted to develop his own theme park .
After his efforts to create a family entertainment venue called Rainbow Springs in Florida fell through , he sold the property , which became a state park .
Closer to his Rancho Santa
Fe home , Bell bought property near the bucolic town of Valley Center and in 1963 created Bell Gardens , a model produce farm , complete with sales to the public of fresh pumpkins and items from the other 63 crops .
Bell , indulging in his own personal history , installed a quarter - scale train for rides , a miniature train station called Summit that was reminiscent of the one where he hopped freights as a teenager , and vintage vehicles similar to ones owned by his family .
One area of the farm was dubbed Cedar Springs .
The development welcomed thousands of schoolchildren each year on class trips , providing demonstrations in conservation and how various crops are grown , and offering train rides .
Bell ’s 75th birthday was celebrated there with a huge fiesta reminiscent of those he staged to open Taco Bell restaurants .
Bell put his own money into the farm for many years , but in 2002 turned it over to a nonprofit corporation , which was unable to attract financial support .
Bell Gardens closed in 2003 .
As part of his philanthropy benefiting youth , Bell bought 4 - H animals at local livestock auctions and donated them for resale to provide scholarships .
He also supported the YMCA , Boys & Girls Club and Salvation Army Scripps Hospital .
Bell is survived by his wife , Martha , three sisters , a daughter , two sons and four grandchildren .
A private funeral is planned .
Oliver is a former Times staff writer .
news.obits@latimes.com
2010-01-07
After my post about my Quixotic quest to draw a portrait of the Hilbert curve , Chris Mueller pointed me to some fascinating related work he had done generating colour maps of images .
Chris 's method was to extract the colours from an image , sort them in natural order , and then draw the pixels out onto a Hilbert curve .
The results are pretty , but have a blotchiness that demonstrates the poor clustering properties of a natural order sort nicely .
If you 've read my previous post ( you have , have n't you ? ) , you 'll be immediately struck by the idea that we can improve this by sorting the pixels in order of the 3d Hilbert curve traversal of the RGB colour cube ( you were , were n't you ? ) .
This would give us near optimal clustering , keeping similar colours together and eliminating the blotchiness .
If we have a Hilbert - order sorting of the pixels , we can also project this onto other traversals of the pixels of the destination image .
Using the ZigZag curve I introduced in the previous post produces a very nice result too , showing that the order in which the RGB cube is traversed is more important than the destination map .
In the images below , natural is a natural - order colour sort projected onto a Hilbert curve ( Chris 's method ) , hilbert is a Hilbert - curve order colour
sort projected onto a Hilbert curve , and zigzag is a Hilbert - curve order colour sort projected onto a ZigZag curve .
I 've used the same images Chris used to make comparison with his other interesting visualisations easy .
natural hilbert zigzag
natural hilbert zigzag
natural hilbert zigzag
natural hilbert zigzag
natural hilbert zigzag
Sources
The images are from the Flickr Creative Commons collection .
The tiger image is © David Blaikie .
The girl image is © Bruce Tuten .
The still life is © DeusXFlorida .
The beach image is © Hamed Saber .
The tent image is © drusbi .
The code
I 've updated the scurve project ( where I 'm collecting algorithms and visualisation tools related to space - filling curves ) to include a " colormap " tool to generate colour maps .
The images above were can be generated using commands of the following form :
colormap -s 128 -c [ colour traversal ] -m [ map ] src destination
There are a lot of other striking permutations and combinations to explore - the colour traversal and destination map can be any of the space - filling curves supported by scurve .
Port - au - Prince – After treating more than 1,000 injured people and performing hundreds of surgeries , the Israeli search - and - rescue delegation bid farewell to Haiti on Tuesday .
In a military ceremony held at the field hospital in Port - au - Prince , the Israeli flag was lowered and handed over as a sign of thanks to the commander of the Colombian team that collaborated with the crew from Israel .
" We came here a short time after the earthquake that shocked this island .
We came to help , to save lives , to lend a hand .
However , above all else , we came to give hope , " said Dr. Col.
Itzik Kreis , who commanded the hospital .
Dr. Kreis addressed the members of his crew in his speech : " There are no other nations with the strength , the willingness , the dedication , to help in this way .
A small county on the other side of the globe that knew to send a large and professional hospital at the right time . "
More than 1,000 patients treated .
The Israeli hospital ( Photo : Noam Barkan )
" The people of Haiti are a special nation , " said Kreis .
" Even in moments of terrible disaster , they knew how to comport themselves nobly out of mutual respect and respect for those who came to help them .
I am glad we were given the privilege of helping this nation and wish them success in reaching a brighter future together with the nations of the world . "
The medical team from Israel released its last patients before the ceremony .
Up until it closed , the hospital treated 1,111 residents of Haiti , performed 13 regular births and three Caesarian sections , and did 314 other surgeries .
" We saw you in the hardest moments fighting for the right to save life , " added Dr. Kreis at the ceremony .
" You brought life to the world .
You were awarded with the smile of a baby .
You were awarded with the smile of a child who simply received a toy .
You were awarded with a prayer dance of an indebted mother .
" We did here field medicine at its best .
We did not compromise .
We made nice diagnoses ; we improvised ; we did not compromise .
We dealt with complex dilemmas of disaster medicine . "
The field hospital commanded emphasized the collaboration with other te4ams .
" The Home Front Command , the Prime Minister 's Office , and other medical professionals helped us focus our efforts on the patients , " he said .
The commander of the Colombian team , Col. Sagura , spoke at the ceremony and gave an emotional thanks to the Israeli team .
" Through difficult days , we worked together with the Israeli hospital .
As the commander of the Colombian medical force , I would like to thank you in the name of my country , military , and team .
You treated us like brothers , " said the colonel .
The Colombian colonel concluded his speech in Hebrew : " This story we will tell to our grandchildren and great - grandchildren .
A big thanks to the people of Israel . "
At the end of the military ceremony , after the anthem was sung , the Colombian team handed over their flag to Dr. Kreis and his team in a rare symbolic gesture .
The Israeli delegation also gave the Israeli flag to the Colombian commander .
The bodies of the five soldiers were flown into RAF Lyneham
The bodies of five UK soldiers killed in Afghanistan have been repatriated .
Lance Sergeant Dave Greenhalgh , L / Cpl Darren Hicks , Kingsman Sean Dawson , Rifleman Mark Marshall and Sapper Guy Mellors were flown into RAF Lyneham , in Wiltshire .
The soldiers were killed in separate incidents in Afghanistan 's Helmand province between 11 and 15 February .
Sapper Mellors ' death on Monday brought the total number of UK personnel killed in the conflict to 261 .
The 20 - year - old , from Coventry , died in a blast north - east of Sangin .
Roadside bomb
Sapper Mellors , of 36 Engineer Regiment , was part of a team responsible for detecting improvised bombs and was described as an " outstanding searcher " .
The plane carrying the five bodies landed at RAF Lyneham earlier .
Their coffins were then taken through the streets of nearby Wootton Bassett , before heading to Oxford 's John Radcliffe Hospital for a post - mortem examination .
Veterans and residents lined the streets to pay their respects , in what has become a tradition in the town .
Kingsman Sean Dawson , 19 , from Stalybridge , Greater Manchester , was shot in a suspected " friendly fire " incident while serving with 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster 's Regiment in Musa Qala on Sunday .
His father , also Sean , said his son " loved everything about the Army - it was his life " .
Territorial Army Rifleman Mark Marshall , a 29 - year - old police support officer from Exeter , was killed by a roadside bomb north - east of Sangin the same day .
' Talented soldier '
A member of 6th Battalion , the Rifles , he was serving in Helmand with 3 Rifles Battle Group .
One officer said the " policeman by day " was a " talented soldier by night " .
L/Sgt Greenhalgh , 25 , from Ilkeston , Derbyshire , died in an explosion while on vehicle patrol near Lashkar Gah on Saturday .
He was serving with 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards and was helping to secure a route for a patrol .
His death was one of the first among coalition forces involved in the Moshtarak offensive , which saw more than 15,000 US , UK and Afghan troops sweep into Marjah and Nad Ali on Saturday in a bid to secure government control .
The operation was the biggest Afghan mission since the 2001 invasion .
L/ Cpl Hicks , 29 , from 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards , died while on patrol in the Babaji district of Helmand province on February 11 .
The father - of - two , from Mousehole in Cornwall , was described by his commanding officer as " one of the finest lance corporals currently serving " .
His widow Katie said " he was taken doing the job he loved " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The pilot of a plane which crashed into an office block in Austin , Texas , left a note expressing his anger at federal tax authorities , police say .
Police are linking the apparent suicide note left online to Joseph Andrew Stack , the man named as the pilot .
The note criticised the Internal Revenue Service - based inside the office block and declared : " Violence is the only answer . "
Firefighters continue to search for one person who is still unaccounted for .
' Leaping flames '
The single - engined Piper Cherokee plane hit the second floor of the seven - storey building at 0956 local time ( 1556GMT ) .
It had taken off from nearby Georgetown airport in Texas , and did not file a flight plan , Lynn Lunsford of the Federal Aviation Administration said .
Twisted metal and debris seemed to be the only thing left on some floors Heather Wills , from Austin , told the BBC that she was driving past when she saw the huge cloud of black smoke .
" As I got nearer I could see flames leaping out of the building - the flames were two storeys high .
I could hear the glass windows shattering from the heat .
" My first thought was that it was a fire .
The traffic was backed up all along the freeway . "
Around 190 IRS employees work in the office complex and some were forced to climb out of windows after the plane burst into flames .
Two people were taken to hospital , but it is not clear if they were seriously injured .
There has been no official statement on the status of the pilot .
Grievance Police are also investigating whether Mr Stack set fire to his house before crashing the plane .
The message on the website apparently registered to and signed by Mr Stack speaks of having problems with the IRS .
" Well , Mr Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well , " the note reads .
Austin Police Chief
Art Acevedo said there was no cause for concern and assured residents that it was an isolated incident .
The White House said the crash did not appear to be an act of terrorism .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said President Barack Obama had been briefed about the incident .
The Department of Homeland Security was investigating the crash , he added .
As a precaution , the North American Aerospace Defense Command scrambled two F - 16 fighter jets from Houston , Texas , to patrol the area .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The stack of small yellow cards in the centre of the table do not appear to hold much promise .
But to the teenagers at Crown Hills community college in Leicester , they are nothing short of a revelation .
The school has 1,200 pupils – 94 % of whom are Muslim .
It accommodates pupils who fast , pupils who pray and pupils who cover themselves – so encouraging them to consider and debate atheist and humanist beliefs might seem impossible .
They are among the first students in the UK to study humanism as part of a religious education GCSE and , despite the overwhelmingly Islamic identity of the student body , they enjoy grappling with the concept of non-belief .
Each yellow card bears a phrase such as " the universe is an accident , not a plan " and " science has disproved God " .
The sentences are intended to provoke discussion and reflection .
Without pausing for breath , Kulsum Ali , 13 , explains what impact such discussions have on her .
" If you have a watch , you see it , someone made it , it did n't just get there by itself .
You can say the same thing about the world .
It did n't just happen .
But if God made the planet , then who made God ?
It 's like a tree , is n't it ?
It just goes on and on .
It makes my head hurt . "
Tolerant and transparent
While the price to pay for existential debate is a migraine , the efforts of Crown Hills to introduce atheism and humanism into the classroom has nonetheless earned it a place on an awards shortlist .
The inaugural Accord prize celebrates diversity of not only religious but also non-religious beliefs .
The award , launched last November by a coalition of religious groups , humanists , trade unions and human rights campaigners , is open to all state - funded schools and is judged by a panel led by Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain .
He says Accord is seeking out and rewarding schools that are " inclusive , tolerant and transparent " .
" Not all of Britain is ' broken ' – there are also many examples of remarkable success and cohesion – so it 's time to praise those schools . "
Accord 's stated aim is to reform laws governing faith schools , and promote inclusive schools .
In the state sector , it aims " to resist the expansion of state - funded religious schools which operate restrictive and discriminatory admissions and employment practices . "
For the pupils at Crown Hills , the conversations present a rare opportunity to break taboos .
Kulsum and the others agree they would never be able to talk about the big bang and the existence of God at home , at least not where their own religion is concerned .
Zunaid Patel , 15 , says : " As a Muslim , you believe in Allah .
You do n't question it .
It 's a command , you 're just told to believe it . "
He and his family are Muslim .
" My parents understand that you need to know where other people are coming from .
You can't judge people because they do n't believe the things you do .
You can be good without God .
You can't think you 're better than someone because you have religion and they do n't . "
The debates are equally stimulating and rewarding for the teachers , who work in a city projected to have a non-white majority by 2020 .
The staff is diverse too – atheist , Christian , Sikh , Muslim .
Most teachers say they are open about discussing religion and non-belief with pupils .
Liz Hewitt , who teaches religious studies , says open discussions make children more aware of society .
" They will meet a much broader range of people when they leave Crown Hills .
These kind of debates mean they can talk about faith in a more informed way . "
Bernadette Green , headteacher , says : " We 're not in any way challenging their beliefs .
We 're very sensitive to them .
Our students like RE and it 's very popular at GCSE .
Teachers take a thematic approach to teaching religious education .
Pilgrimage is important in the many world faiths and similarities are stressed at every opportunity .
But there is also a focus on rites of passage such as birth , marriage and death that span all faiths and none .
A similar approach can be found in Barnet , north London , where children of all faiths and none are encouraged to adopt a broad - brush approach to the important things in life – symbols , celebrations and inspirational figures .
Manorside primary , which is also on the Accord shortlist , starts from the personal before broadening it out to the religious .
Inclusive
Dianne Cohen , who provides religious education support , says not all Manorside pupils come from a faith background and religious education has to recognise that .
" It makes it more inclusive .
We always start with the children 's own experience so nobody feels left out . "
One worksheet asks about the children 's morning rituals .
Answers include brushing teeth , eating breakfast , getting dressed .
Some children have written " praying " , others have not .
Kwame , who is nine and a Christian , says it is good to learn about other religions .
" If every­one was the same the world would be a boring place .
People can share what they do during festivals . "
His friend Frankie , who is also nine , says he has " no religion " .
" I do n't feel left out , " he says .
And what do the churches think about the award ?
The Church of England says it is " fairly relaxed " about different belief systems – including non-religious – being taught , but that it would " expect " Christianity to be the principal religion taught unless it was a faith school [ of another religion ] .
The Catholic Education Service describes religious education as being " vital , with much knowledge and intrinsic value to offer people " .
Oona Stannard , its director , adds : " They learn not only about religion and belief and to probe the bigger questions of life , but also about the importance of faith in the lives of others . "
The Accord award - winners will be announced at the end of this month .
accordcoalition.org.uk
• This article was amended on February 9 and 10 to expand a description of the aims of the Accord coalition .
It ’s going to happen one of these days : A friend , family member , co-worker , drug dealer , or some other kind of acquaintance of yours is going to die unexpectedly .
But unlike previous generations , whose deaths would generally be memorialized by a small faction of immediate family members and friends , people dying today have a place that mere acquaintances can express their grief : Facebook pages .
When a “ friend ” of yours – the term being used loosely here as someone that you have befriended on the social network , not necessarily someone who you would actually consider your friend – you will feel obligated to write on their Wall , which has now become an impromptu online memorial to them .
Follow these simple rules and you wo n’t look like an asshole .
Rule Number 1 : Do n’t “ Like ” anything .
In a physical memorial service , if someone goes to the podium and says a few heartfelt words about their lost friend , the correct thing to do is sit quietly and nod your head in quiet acknowledgement while you contemplate the friend you have lost .
The correct thing to do is not stand up and give that person a giant thumbs up .
There ’s really nothing to “ like ” about this whole thing .
If you have nothing to say , just shut up and move on .
Rule Number 2 : Leave your religion out of it .
Think your friend is going to end up in heaven singing with a choir of angels while God grins in a downward boastful jest while the devil smacks his red forehead , self - imposed punishment over another soul he lost ?
Awesome .
Problem is , there ’s most likely a good percentage of people who are going to be visiting their Facebook page that do n’t feel this way .
It would be like an atheist friend commenting : “ He lived a truly full life before finally succumbing to the quiet and complete nothingness that we all inevitably face . ”
I have a feeling any religious folks would n’t take too kindly to that sentiment .
Oh , and do n’t try that “ they ’re in a better place ” bullshit either .
We all know that ’s just code for “ heaven ” .
Rule Number 3 : Why not run it through Spellcheck one more time ?
This is going to be on their page for quite some time , so while we ’re at it , let ’s go ahead and leave out all of the shortened slang the kids these days are using .
No LOLs or JKs or pluralizing words by throwing a “ Z ” on the end of it .
And especially do n’t use any TTYLs .
Because you wo n’t .
Ever .
Rule Number 4 : Leave their family member ’s Wall alone .
If a friend of yours has a relative or close fried who died – someone you personally know yourself , death by two degrees – the temptation will be to tell your friend how sorry you are .
This is a fine thing to do and shows that you ’re a good friend .
However , doing this on your friend ’s Wall , where anyone else can see , all you ’re really trying to do is show everyone how much pain you ’re feeling and what a swell person you are .
In other words , this is all about you and you ’re just throwing a lure out there to try and catch a pity fuck .
You are an awful human being .
How about you offer your condolences in person , over the phone , or hell , even through a personal message ?
Any of those are completely acceptable .
Rule Number 5 : Do n’t touch their MySpace page .
No one ’s going to read that anyway .
How To Save Hundreds of Dollars on Travel Shots
With my leave date fast approaching and my savings growing so slowly , I ’ve been looking hard at my budget and trying to find any savings I can .
I had $ 300 budgeted for vaccinations , but a little research suggested that it might be even more expensive that that .
Recent posts on the Lonely Planet Forums lamented a $ 160 bill for a single typhoid vaccination and $ 120 for a yellow fever stab .
Another poster reported a $ 500 quote for “ meningitis , typhoid booster , yellow fever , hep A booster , polio booster , and malaria pills ” from a clinic , while others ran as high as $ 800 + .
If people travel to Thailand and other countries to get hips , knees , and naughty bits replaced , surely I can find safe , inexpensive shots there .
My cheap - ass insurance covers very little in the way of travel immunizations , unless I ’m traveling for work , so I was getting worried .
Then I had a classic “ Face , meet Palm ” moment : if people travel to Thailand and other countries to get hips , knees , and naughty bits replaced , surely I can find safe , inexpensive shots there .
A little internet sleuthing led me to the Thai Red Cross Society where you can get inexpensive shots for tetanus , hepatitis A , hepatitis B , meningitis , encephalitis , cholera , polio , and typhoid .
That $ 160 typhoid shot ?
Less than $ 10 from the Red Cross .
The hep A is the most expensive , at nearly $ 23 — outrageous !
The difference in cost of just two shots will pay for nearly a week ’s travel .
Numerous hospitals and clinics offer similar services .
That $ 160 typhoid shot ?
Less than $ 10 from the Red Cross .
Now , obviously , there are limitations and downsides to this idea and this will not work for many travelers .
Many shots take a fair amount of time to become effective or even require boosters a month or two after the first shot .
If I were only spending a few weeks in Thailand , this would n’t really do me much good at all .
For the long - term traveler , however , it works quite well .
I ’ll be in Thailand for at least 2 months and will most likely pass back through Bangkok for an onward flight .
I ’ll have plenty opportunities for follow - up shots .
You will all have to wait an extra month for my post on “ How to Wrestle a Rabid Bear ” .
Sorry — doctor ’s orders .
I will be somewhat vulnerable at first — the typhoid shot , for example , needs about 10 days to be effective .
But as a typical male who eats day - old pizza rescued from the couch cushions , I ’m not that worried — I ’ll just need to watch my intake of raw sewage and avoid those who do n’t .
Rabies injections do n’t seem to be much help until after the second injection , so you will all have to wait an extra month for my post on “ How to Wrestle a Rabid Bear ” .
This is actually a good thing , as it gives me more time to get in shape and practice my moves .
( Bears are suckers for a left hook — scientific fact )
By Susan Davis
At least half a dozen leaders of the Republican Party have joined forces to create a new political group with the goal of organizing grass - roots support and raising funds ahead of the 2010 midterm elections , according to people familiar with the effort .
The organizational details of the group , expected to be called the American Action Network , are still being worked out , but it is expected to contain both a 501 ( c ) 3 and a 501 ( c ) 4 component .
In simpler terms , a 501 ( c ) 3 can advocate on policy matters while a 501 ( c ) 4 is an election arm .
Republican leaders expected to be affiliated with the group include former Minnesota Sen . Norm Coleman , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , former Bush adviser Karl Rove , Republican strategist Ed Gillespie , and Republican donor Fred Malek .
A House leadership aide told Washington Wire today that Rob Collins , a political operative and senior aide to House Minority Whip Eric Cantor of Virginia , is leaving Capitol Hill to be the executive director of the 501 ( c ) 4 .
People familiar with the group said the American Action Network sprung in part out of an unsuccessful effort last year by Republicans called the National Council for a New America which was intended to help redefine the tarnished party brand after the 2008 elections .
Party leaders have found renewed buoyancy following a series of recent election victories and as Republicans stand poised to make further gains in the 2010 elections .
However , Republicans have faced difficulties in recent years to create outside groups to compete with Democratic counterparts like MoveOn .
A recent example of those unsuccessful efforts was Freedom ’s Watch , a group operated by former Bush administration aides , which sought to be a major player in the 2008 campaign cycle but failed to make a significant impact .
It also faced financial and organizational difficulties and closed its doors after the 2008 elections .
Dulce de Leche , that sweet caramely Spanish sauce may taste very friendly , but making it at home can be a bit of a nightmare .
There are two basic methods for making dulce de leche at home .
You can slowly ( and I mean very slowly ) simmer milk and sugar over low heat until it caramelizes and reduces to about a sixth of its original volume .
This method is quite time consuming , but much preferred over the more popular method of boiling unopened cans of sweetened condensed milk for several hours .
I have had many delicious spoonfuls of dulce de leche made using the boiling - the - can method , but honestly , I would never try it at home after hearing that the cans might explode during the cooking process .
The prospect of boiling hot metal and caramel spattering all over my kitchen is absolutely terrifying .
Thankfully , Stephanie O'Dea has come to the rescue again with her version of Crock - Pot dulce de leche from Make it Fast , Cook it Slow .
O'Dea eliminates the danger and the hours of watching the stove by employing the slow cooker .
Using this method , the sweetened condensed milk is poured into an oven - safe container and placed in a water bath in the stoneware and left to cook and reduce for eight hours .
No risk of explosion , just perfect dulce de leche ready to be spooned over ice cream or baked into a cake or crème caramel .
Win Make it Fast , Cook it Slow
As always with our Cook the Book feature , we have five ( 5 ) copies of Make it Fast , Cook it Slow to give away this week .
page 1 2 3 4
A hole in your wall can seem like a big deal , but they are really easy to fix .
You 've just got to cut away the broken parts , screw in some support and drop a new piece of drywall into the hole .
Color matching the paint used to be trouble , but with today 's color - matching paint counters , that is easy too .
Your walls are probably made of drywall , which is chalky gypsum board sandwiched between sheets of thick paper .
Drywall is pretty easy to work with , and because everyone uses it to build houses , everything about drywall is cheap .
What the public has seen instead , though , are clueless bankers giving themselves bonuses after being rescued by taxpayers , while instructing the lobbyists and lawmakers they own to resist any serious reforms .
At the same time , we ’ve had President Obama introducing his bank proposal , after his party ’s Massachusetts defeat , in a way that seemed less intended to promote an intelligent discussion and more like an effort to use bank - bashing to boost sagging poll ratings .
The administration did n’t even bother to prebrief other central bankers about its ideas .
Image Thomas L. Friedman Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
A senior British Treasury official told me at a background briefing in Davos : “ Even America is n’t big enough to solve this problem on its own .
...
This is a global problem .
...
Be sure you understand the problem before you fix it . ”
Banking reform has to be done carefully so that we end up with stronger banks lending more money .
If the bankers want to be pigheaded and turn this into a war with the president , or the president wants to use bank - bashing to get his mojo back , there are a few things I can absolutely guarantee : more uncertainty , less lending , a slower recovery and fewer new jobs .
While the struggle between China and Google appears , on the surface , to be about Internet freedom , beneath the surface is a much deeper problem .
As this newspaper reported last week , 34 American corporations have recently been targets of hacking attacks traceable to China .
The C.E.O. of one of the technology companies that was hit , who asked not to be identified because he is still debating whether to keep doing business in China , said that in his case the attacks involved attempts to vacuum up source codes , designs , business plans , and anything else they could get their hands on .
This industrial espionage emanating from China , the C.E.O. told me , “ was the worst we have seen in 25 years . ”
As one U.S. official described it : “ The penetration was very extensive and deeply troubling . ”
Memo to China :
You are playing with fire .
Sure , the U.S. also has its hackers , but industrial espionage on this scale is not coming out of the U.S.
If this continues , China will see more than Google pull up stakes .
And how many U.S. companies in the future will ever want to buy Chinese - made software or computer systems , which might only make it easier for Beijing to penetrate their businesses ?
This hacking story is huge and brewing .
If it explodes , at a time of rising tensions over U.S. arms sales to Taiwan , fasten your seat belts .
Garry Kasparov discusses the very interesting history and evolution of machines playing against humans in chess .
The heavy use of computer analysis has pushed the game itself in new directions .
The machine does n’t care about style or patterns or hundreds of years of established theory .
It counts up the values of the chess pieces , analyzes a few billion moves , and counts them up again .
( A computer translates each piece and each positional factor into a value in order to reduce the game to numbers it can crunch . )
It is entirely free of prejudice and doctrine and this has contributed to the development of players who are almost as free of dogma as the machines with which they train .
Increasingly , a move is n’t good or bad because it looks that way or because it has n’t been done that way before .
It ’s simply good if it works and bad if it does n’t .
Although we still require a strong measure of intuition and logic to play well , humans today are starting to play more like computers .
The section about people using computers * during * matches is particularly interesting .
ARCHAEOLOGISTS have found the 2000 - year - old skeleton of an Asian man in a cemetery in Italy , suggesting that the Roman Empire 's reach was far more extensive than previously thought .
Although the Romans are known to have traded for silk and exotic spices with China , it was thought that most of the commerce was conducted through intermediaries along the Silk Route and that no Chinese or other Asians entered the empire itself .
That orthodoxy will now have to be re-examined after a Canadian team analysed bone DNA and found that the man came from East Asia , suggesting that Chinese or even Japanese rubbed shoulders with Gauls , Vandals , Visigoths and Nubians who made up the Roman Empire 's polyglot population .
'' This discovery poses many questions about globalisation and the movement of people in Roman times , '' said Tracy Prowse from McMaster University in Canada .
Now that Google ’s Nexus
One phone has been revealed , the question everyone is asking is how does it compare to the other current top smartphones on the market , most notably , iPhone and Motorola Droid ?
Moreover , is it worth switching to Nexus One from your current device ?
BillShrink has put together a handy comparison chart that breaks the devices down ( including Palm Pre too ) on all key features .
There are a few obvious differences — the iPhone still lacks multitasking while the Android devices have fewer apps — but for the most part , the devices are fairly similar on paper .
The biggest difference is total cost of ownership , and Nexus One wins big there over iPhone and Droid because T - Mobile ’s plans are less expensive than those offered by AT&T and Verizon , who carry the iPhone and Droid , respectively .
But that comes with a caveat too — T - Mobile ’s 3G coverage is n’t on par with that of Verizon , and even trails that of the much maligned AT&T .
Overall , it seems just about impossible to pick a winner just off the specs , but here ’s a look at how the device ’s stack up :
Pieces of a giant asteroid or comet that broke apart over Earth may have crashed off Australia about 1,500 years ago , says a scientist who has found evidence of the possible impact craters .
Satellite measurements of the Gulf of Carpentaria ( see map ) revealed tiny changes in sea level that are signs of impact craters on the seabed below , according to new research by marine geophysicist Dallas Abbott .
Based on the satellite data , one crater should be about 11 miles ( 18 kilometers ) wide , while the other should be 7.4 miles ( 12 kilometers ) wide .
For years Abbott , of Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory , has argued that V - shaped sand dunes along the gulf coast are evidence of a tsunami triggered by an impact .
" These dunes are like arrows that point toward their source , " Abbott said .
In this case , the dunes converge on a single point in the gulf — the same spot where Abbott found the two sea-surface depressions .
The new work is the latest among several clues linking a major impact event to an episode of global cooling that affected crop harvests from A.D. 536 to 545 , Abbott contends .
According to the theory , material thrown high into the atmosphere by the Carpentaria strike probably triggered the cooling , which has been pinpointed in tree - ring data from Asia and Europe .
What 's more , around the same time the Roman Empire was falling apart in Europe , Aborigines in Australia may have witnessed and recorded the double impact , she said .
Aborigine Eyewitnesses
Based on the new research , Abbott thinks the two craters were made by an object that split into pieces as it approached Earth .
To make a pair of craters this big in the seafloor 's soft sediments , the original object must have been about 2,000 feet ( 600 meters ) across before it broke up , she said .
Core samples from the region back up the case for such an impact , Abbott added .
Previous research had found that the samples contain smooth , magnetic spherules , which were probably created when the object 's explosive landing melted material and blasted it into the sky .
Furthermore , a 2004 paper in the journal Astronomy and Geophysics suggested that the circa - A.D. 500 global cooling event might have been caused by dust from an impact of approximately the size Abbott has now calculated for Carpentaria .
It 's even possible the impact had eyewitnesses : Aboriginal rock art from the region seems to have recorded the event , although the researchers examining this art declined to discuss details until after their paper has been published .
Still , Duane Hamacher , a Ph.D. student at Macquarie University in Sydney not involved with the rock - art work , recently demonstrated that Aboriginal stories can be used to locate meteorite craters .
" Numerous examples of fiery stars falling from the sky and striking the earth , causing death and destruction , are found throughout Aboriginal Dreamings [ spiritual folk stories ] across Australia , " Hamacher wrote on his blog .
" The descriptions seem to indicate that the events were witnessed , not simply ' made - up . ' "
In findings yet to be published , Hamacher used one set of Aboriginal stories , along with images in Google Earth , to locate a 919 - foot - wide ( 280 - meter - wide ) impact crater in Palm Valley , in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Too Many Meteorite Strikes ?
But some experts are skeptical of Abbott 's conclusions , which were presented last December at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco .
One potential problem is the presence of two separate craters at the Gulf of Carpentaria site , said physicist Mark Boslough of Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
If a large impactor had broken up on its final approach to Earth , he said , the fragments would still have been very , very close together when they landed : " It essentially will behave as one piece , " creating a single crater , Boslough said .
In addition , he said , Abbott and other members of an informal association called the Holocene Impact Working Group are finding evidence for more impact events than astronomers calculate should be possible .
Abbott and colleagues argue that several climate events during the Holocene epoch — 11,500 years ago to the present — were actually triggered by impacts , and therefore such large impacts are more common than currently believed .
Boslough and other experts , meanwhile , have been cataloging asteroids and other bodies that cross Earth 's orbit and calculating how frequently space rocks should strike the planet .
" We have a pretty good idea about how many there are and what the frequency of impact should be , and the abundances based on [ the working group 's claimed crater count ] are orders of magnitude greater than what astronomers observe , " Boslough said .
" It 's pretty hard to imagine where these things could be coming from so that astronomers would n't see them . "
Instead , it 's more likely that the craters found by the working group have volcanic origins , the impact skeptics conclude .
Abbott acknowledges that her case for Carpentaria is n't 100 - percent proven .
But in general , she said , " I think we 're getting very close to being able to show there were a lot of impacts in the last 10,000 years . "
[ Al - Mulk : 16 ] Menurut Ibnu ' Abbas yang dimaksud dengan " Yang di langit " adalah Allah seperti disebutkan dalam kitab Tafsir Ibnul Jauziy .
Diriwayatkan oleh Abu Hurairah - radhiyallahu ‘ anhu- dari Rasulullah - Shallallahu ‘ alaihi wa sallam - bersabda , [HR .
Ibnu Majah dalam Kitab Al - Fitan ( 4036 ) .
Hadits ini di-shohih - kan oleh Syaikh Al - Albaniy dalam Ash - Shohihah ( no.1887 ) ]
عَنْ أَبِيْ هُرَيْرَةَ رَضِيَ اللهُ عَنْهُ عَنِ النَّبِيِّ صَلَّى اللهُ عَلَيْهِ وَسَلَّمَ قَالَ : إِنَّ الدِّيْنَ يُسْرٌ وَلَنْ يُشَادَّ الدِّيْنَ أَحَدٌ إِلاَّ غَلَبَهُ، فَسَدِّدُوا وَقَارِبُوا وَأَبْشِرُوا وَاسْتَعِيْنُوا بِالْغَدْوَةِ وَالرَّوْحَةِ وَشَيْءٍ مِنَ الدُّلْجَة ِ
“ Dari Abu Hurairah , dari Nabi Shallallahu ' alaihi wa sallam ia berkata : ‘ Sesungguhnya agama ini adalah mudah .
Dan tidak seorangpun memberat - beratkan dalam agama ini kecuali ia yang akan terkalahkan olehnya .
Maka berusahalah untuk benar , mendekatlah , gembiralah dan gunakanlah pagi dan petang serta sedikit dari waktu malam ’. ”
[ Shahih , HR .
Al - Bukhari , Kitabul Iman Bab Ad- Dinu Yusrun ]
About Bogota Dental Center
Bogota Dental Center is dedicated to maintaining and restoring dental health for their patients in Totowa and Bogota , New Jersey .
Apeksha Pole , DDS , Homayoun Aminyarhe , DDS , and the team of experts focus on providing preventive dental care and patient education to all their patients throughout Passaic County .
The highly - skilled dental team has advanced training in a wide array of dental specialties , including general dentistry , dental veneers , teeth whitening , porcelain crowns , emergency dentistry , orthodontics , and periodontal dentistry .
They also offer emergency dental services during off - hours .
The entire staff at Bogota Dental Center works to ensure patients experience gentle care , comfort , efficiency , and professional service with each visit .
They strive to offer a friendly and comfortable atmosphere to put patients at ease .
The team creates schedules with an emphasis on promptness and efficiency to prevent overcrowding or long waits .
Bogota Dental Center believes that when a patient walks into the office , no matter the situation , they are considered the most important person in the room .
This approach reflects in the work and care provided by the staff and dental technicians .
The team is committed to providing personalized dental care for each patient , and they value your input .
The goal at Bogota Dental Center is to provide long - term dental health , which is why the team spends so much time on patient education .
They also offer many different cosmetic options so that your smile will always look its best .
Bogota Dental Center is grateful people choose them for their dental needs .
Call or schedule an appointment online today !
Followup to : Logical Rudeness
" Modern man is so committed to empirical knowledge , that he sets the standard for evidence higher than either side in his disputes can attain , thus suffering his disputes to be settled by philosophical arguments as to which party must be crushed under the burden of proof . "
-- Alan Crowe
There 's a story - in accordance with Poe 's Law , I have no idea whether it's a joke or it actually happened - about a creationist who was trying to claim a " gap " in the fossil record , two species without an intermediate fossil having been discovered .
When an intermediate species was discovered , the creationist responded , " Aha !
Now there are two gaps . "
Since I 'm not a professional evolutionary biologist , I could n't begin to rattle off all the ways that we know evolution is true ; true facts tend to leave traces of themselves behind , and evolution is the hugest fact in all of biology .
My specialty is the cognitive sciences , so I can tell you of my own knowledge that the human brain looks just like we'd expect it to look if it had evolved , and not at all like you 'd think it would look if it'd been intelligently designed .
And I 'm not really going to say much more on that subject .
As I once said to someone who questioned whether humans were really related to apes : " That question might have made sense when Darwin first came up with the hypothesis , but this is the twenty - first century .
We can read the genes .
Human beings and chimpanzees have 95 % shared genetic material .
It 's over . "
Well , it 's over , unless you 're crazy like a human ( ironically , more evidence that the human brain was fashioned by a sloppy and alien god ) .
If you 're crazy like a human , you will engage in motivated cognition ; and instead of focusing on the unthinkably huge heaps of evidence in favor of evolution , the innumerable signs by which the fact of evolution has left its heavy footprints on all of reality , the uncounted observations that discriminate between the world we'd expect to see if intelligent design ruled and the world we 'd expect to see if evolution were true ...
... instead you search your mind , and you pick out one form of proof that you think evolutionary biologists can't provide ; and you demand , you insist upon that one form of proof ; and when it is not provided , you take that as a refutation .
You say , " Have you ever seen an ape species evolving into a human species ? "
You insist on videotapes - on that particular proof .
And that particular proof is one we could n't possibly be expected to have on hand ; it 's a form of evidence we could n't possibly be expected to be able to provide , even given that evolution is true .
Yet it follows illogically that if a video tape would provide definite proof , then , likewise , the absence of a videotape must constitute definite disproof .
Or perhaps just render all other arguments void and turn the issue into a mere matter of personal opinion , with no one 's opinion being better than anyone else's .
So far as I can tell , the position of human - caused global warming ( anthropogenic global warming aka AGW ) has the ball .
I get the impression there 's a lot of evidence piled up , a lot of people trying and failing to poke holes , and so I have no reason to play contrarian here .
It 's now heavily politicized science , which means that I take the assertions with a grain of skepticism and worry - well , to be honest I do n't spend a whole lot of time worrying about it , because ( a ) there are worse global catastrophic risks and ( b ) lots of other people are worrying about AGW already , so there are much better places to invest the next marginal minute of worry .
But if I pretend for a moment to live in the mainstream mental universe in which there is nothing scarier to worry about than global warming , and a 6 °C ( 11 °F ) rise in global temperatures by 2100 seems like a top issue for the care and feeding of humanity 's future ...
Then I must shake a disapproving finger at anyone who claims the state of evidence on AGW is indefinite .
Sure , if we waited until 2100 to see how much global temperatures increased and how high the seas rose , we would have definite proof .
We would have definite proof in 2100 , however , and that sounds just a little bit way the hell too late .
If there are cost - effective things we can do to mitigate global warming - and by this I do n't mean ethanol - from - corn or cap - and - trade , more along the lines of standardizing on a liquid fluoride thorium reactor design and building 10,000 of them - if there 's something we can do about AGW , we need to do it now , not in a hundred years .
When the hypothesis at hand makes time valuable - when the proposition at hand , conditional on its being true , means there are certain things we should be doing NOW - then you 've got to do your best to figure things out with the evidence that we have .
Sure , if we had annual data on global temperatures and CO2 going back to 100 million years ago , we would know more than we do right now .
But we do n't have that time - series data - not because global - warming advocates destroyed it , or because they were neglectful in gathering it , but because they could n't possibly be expected to provide it in the first place .
And so we 've got to look among the observations we can perform , to find those that discriminate between " the way the world could be expected to look if AGW is true / a big problem " , and " the way the world would be expected to look if AGW is false / a small problem " .
If , for example , we discover large deposits of frozen methane clathrates that are released with rising temperatures , this at least seems like " the sort of observation " we might be making if we live in the sort of world where AGW is a big problem .
It 's not a necessary connection , it 's not sufficient on its own , it 's something we could potentially also observe in a world where AGW is not a big problem - but unlike the perfect data we can never obtain , it 's something we can actually find out , and in fact have found out .
Yes , we 've never actually experimented to observe the results over 50 years of artificially adding a large amount of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere .
But we know from physics that it's a greenhouse gas .
It 's not a privileged hypothesis we 're pulling out of nowhere .
It 's not like saying " You can't prove there 's no invisible pink unicorn in my garage ! "
AGW is , ceteris paribus , what we should expect to happen if the other things we believe are true .
We do n't have any experimental results on what will happen 50 years from now , and so you can't grant the proposition the special , super - strong status of something that has been scientifically confirmed by a replicable experiment .
But as I point out in " Scientific Evidence , Legal Evidence , Rational Evidence " , if science could n't say anything about that which has not already been observed , we could n't ever make scientific predictions by which the theories could be confirmed .
Extrapolating from the science we do know , global warming should be occurring ; you would need specific experimental evidence to contradict that .
We are , I think , dealing with that old problem of motivated cognition .
As Gilovich says : " Conclusions a person does not want to believe are held to a higher standard than conclusions a person wants to believe .
In the former case , the person asks if the evidence compels one to accept the conclusion , whereas in the latter case , the person asks instead if the evidence allows one to accept the conclusion . "
People map the domain of belief onto the social domain of authority , with a qualitative difference between absolute and nonabsolute demands :
If a teacher tells you certain things , and you have to believe them , and you have to recite them back on the test .
But when a student makes a suggestion in class , you do n't have to go along with it - you 're free to agree or disagree ( it seems ) and no one will punish you .
And so the implicit emotional theory is that if something is not proven - better yet , proven using a particular piece of evidence that is n't available and that you 're pretty sure is never going to become available - then you are allowed to disbelieve ; it 's like something a student says , not like something a teacher says .
You demand particular proof P ; and if proof P is not available , then you 're allowed to disbelieve .
And this is flatly wrong as probability theory .
If the hypothesis at hand is H , and we have access to pieces of evidence E1 , E2 , and E3 , but we do not have access to proof X one way or the other , then the rational probability estimate is the result of the Bayesian update P( H|E1 , E2,E3 ) .
You do not get to say , " Well , we do n't know whether X or ~X , so I 'm going to throw E1 , E2 , and E3 out the window until you tell me about X . "
I cannot begin to describe how much that is not the way the laws of probability theory work .
You do not get to screen off E1 , E2 , and E3 based on your ignorance of X !
Nor do you get to ignore the arguments that influence the prior probability of H - the standard science by which , ceteris paribus and without anything unknown at work , carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas and ought to make the Earth hotter .
Nor can you hold up the nonobservation of your particular proof X as a triumphant refutation .
If we had time cameras and could look into the past , then indeed , the fact that no one had ever " seen with their own eyes " primates evolving into humans would refute the hypothesis .
But , given that time cameras do n't exist , then assuming evolution to be true we do n't expect anyone to have witnessed humans evolving from apes with our own eyes , for the laws of natural selection require that this have happened far in the distant past .
And so , once you have updated on the fact that time cameras do n't exist - computed P( Evolution| ~Camera ) - and the fact that time cameras do n't exist hardly seems to refute the theory of evolution - then you obtain no further evidence by observing ~ Video , i.e. , P( Evolution| ~ Video , ~Camera ) = P( Evolution| ~Camera ) .
In slogan - form , " The absence of unobtainable proof is not even weak evidence of absence . "
See appendix for details .
( And while we 're on the subject , yes , the laws of probability theory are laws , rather than suggestions .
It is like something the teacher tells you , okay ?
If you 're going to ignore the Bayesian update you logically have to perform when you see a new piece of evidence , you might as well ignore outright mathematical proofs .
I see no reason why it 's any less epistemically sinful to ignore probabilities than to ignore certainties . )
Throwing E1 , E2 and E3 out the window , and ignoring the prior probability of H , because you have n't seen unobtainable proof x ; or holding up the nonobservation of X as a triumphant refutation , when you could n't reasonably expect to see X even given that the underlying theory is true ; all this is more than just a formal probability - theoretic mistake .
It is logically rude .
After all - in the absence of your unobtainable particular proof , there may be plenty of other arguments by which you can hope to figure out whether you live in a world where the hypothesis of interest is true , or alternatively false .
It takes work to provide you with those arguments .
It takes work to provide you with extrapolations of existing knowledge to prior probabilities , and items of evidence with which to update those prior probabilities , to form a prediction about the unseen .
Someone who does the work to provide those arguments is doing the best they can by you ; throwing the arguments out the window is not just irrational , but logically rude .
And I emphasize this , because it seems to me that the underlying metaphor of demanding particular proof is to say as if , " You are supposed to provide me with a video of apes evolving into humans , I am entitled to see it with my own eyes , and it is your responsibility to make that happen ; and if you do not provide me with that particular proof , you are deficient in your duties of argument , and I have no obligation to believe you . "
And this is , in the first place , bad math as probability theory .
And it is , in the second place , an attitude of trying to be defensible rather than accurate , the attitude of someone who wants to be allowed to retain the beliefs they have , and not the attitude of someone who is honestly curious and trying to figure out which possible world they live in , by whatever signs are available .
But if these considerations do not move you , then even in terms of the original and flawed metaphor , you are in the wrong : you are entitled to arguments , but not that particular proof .
Ignoring someone 's hard work to provide you with the arguments you need - the extrapolations from existing knowledge to make predictions about events not yet observed , the items of evidence that are suggestive even if not definite and that fit some possible worlds better than others - and instead demanding proof they can't possibly give you , proof they could n't be expected to provide even if they were right - that is logically rude .
It is invalid as probability theory , foolish on the face of it , and logically rude .
And of course if you go so far as to act smug about the absence of an unobtainable proof , or chide the other for their credulity , then you have crossed the line into outright ordinary rudeness as well .
It is likewise a madness of decision theory to hold off pending positive proof until it's too late to do anything ; the whole point of decision theory is to choose under conditions of uncertainty , and that is not how the expected value of information is likely to work out .
Or in terms of plain common sense :
There are signs and portents , smoke alarms and hot doorknobs , by which you can hope to determine whether your house is on fire before your face melts off your skull ; and to delay leaving the house until after your face melts off , because only this is the positive and particular proof that you demand , is decision - theoretical insanity .
It does n't matter if you cloak your demand for that unobtainable proof under the heading of scientific procedure , saying , " These are the proofs you could not obtain even if you were right , which I know you will not be able to obtain until the time for action has long passed , which surely any scientist would demand before confirming your proposition as a scientific truth . "
It 's still nuts .
Since this post has already gotten long , I 've moved some details of probability theory , the subtext on cryonics , the sub - subtext on molecular nanotechnology , and the sub - sub - subtext on Artificial Intelligence , into :
Demands for Particular Proof : Appendices .
QR Code Link to This Post
Compensation : $ 30/hr
This is a part - time job .
Principals only .
Recruiters , please do n't contact this job poster .
Please , no phone calls about this job !
Please do not contact job poster about other services , products or commercial interests .
Wingwomen wanted !
A wingwoman is a woman who goes into a social situation with the purpose of helping the guy or guys she is with meet women .
This is actually an extremely easy and fun job , but many women find it so counter - intuitive that they simply cannot do it .
The role is a wingwoman is to :- Relax , laugh , have a good time , and emanate a genuine , positive energy .
- Recognize that her presence alone and her silence are often all that are needed !- Understand or be willing to learn the counter - intuitive principals of how men really attract women .
This is not about you expressing your opinion on relationships , dating , how you think dating should take place , or offering advice .
What it is about is getting paid to have a great time doing the most fun , exciting , easy job you have ever done !
I am a classy professional who was part of a group in NYC that employed four part - time wingwomen for the past year .
I have recently moved to San Francisco , and am looking to hire two part - time wingwomen to join me at cocktail parties , nights out at the best lounges and clubs , charity events , and other Bay Area happenings .
My goal is to find a serious relationship with the right woman , and to have a lot of fun searching for her and meeting new people in the process .
Please include a photo with your response .
I look forward to hearing from you , and possibly to working with you !
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The government 's $ 700 billion bank bailout bill has met its goal of helping bring the financial markets back from the brink , but has so far failed to increase lending from the banks who received the taxpayer assistance , a key government overseer reported Sunday in a generally critical review of the program .
" On the positive side , there are clear signs that aspects of the financial system are far more stable than they were at the height of the crisis in the fall of 2008 , " according to a quarterly report to Congress submitted by the office of the Special Inspector General for the government 's $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program .
The report , which was authored by TARP 's Special Inspector General , Neil Barofsky , also warned that the Obama administration 's and the Federal Reserve 's policies to support the mortgage market could in fact be creating another dangerous housing bubble .
" Stated another way , even if TARP saved our financial system from driving off a cliff back in 2008 , absent meaningful reform , we are still driving on the same winding mountain road , but this time in a faster car , " said the report .
The review argues that the TARP program , so far , has failed in many other goals .
For example , participating banks ' lending to businesses and consumers , has decreased , the report said .
The report points out other problems for the TARP program , including continued high unemployment and expanding home foreclosures for the foreseeable future .
Read the SIGTARP report .
" Lending continues to decrease , month after month , and the TARP program , designed specifically to address small - business lending -- announced in March 2009 -- has still not been implemented by Treasury , " according to the report .
It pointed out that the Obama administration 's mortgage modification program for troubled homeowners has so far only helped a small fraction of the three to four million homeowners the Treasury Department hopes it will assist .
Read about changes made to the White House 's mortgage modification program .
Could we be creating another housing bubble ?
In the report , Barofsky indicated that the government 's emergency lending programs could re-inflate the housing bubble that helped create the financial crisis .
" To the extent that the crisis was fueled by a " bubble " in the housing market , the Federal government 's concerted efforts to support home prices risk re-inflating that bubble in light of the government 's effective takeover of the housing market through purchases and guarantees , either direct or implicit , of nearly all of the residential mortgage market , " the report said .
The report charges that high prices for homes between 2004 and 2007 were the result of unrealistic expectations for house values , low interest rates , in - accurate high ratings for mortgage securities , lax standards by lenders for mortgages .
It argues that that the Federal Reserve could be creating another housing bubble with its response to the crisis by keeping short - term and long - term interest rates low , setting up programs to support the mortgage market that also keep rates low , as well as a first - time homebuyer tax credit and a program near completion to purchase $ 1.25 trillion in mortgage - backed securities .
" Because increasing access to credit increases the pool of potential home buyers , increasing access to credit boosts home prices , " the report wrote .
" The Federal Reserve can thus boost home prices by either lowering general interest rates or purchasing mortgages and mortgage - backed securities . "
" Both actions , which the Federal Reserve is pursuing , have the effect of lowering interest rates , which increases demand by permitting borrowers to afford a higher home price on a given income .
Similarly , the administration is boosting home prices by encouraging bank lending and by instituting purchase incentives such as the First - Time Homebuyer Tax Credit .
All of these actions increase the demand for homes , which increases home prices , " said the report .
However , critics argue that long - term interest rates could increase in response to the Fed 's decision to wrap up its $ 1.25 trillion mortgage - backed securities purchase program by March 31 , along with other federal actions , could result in higher interest rates at a time where many regions continue to experience a depressed housing market and record foreclosures .
Sites including YouTube were banned by the Pentagon in 2007 US troops are to be allowed to use social networking websites such as Twitter and Facebook following a review of internet use and security .
Defence department officials say the benefits of using social media now outweigh the risks to security .
The ruling means that a number of sites blocked by the Pentagon in 2007 - including YouTube - will be unblocked .
However , commanders will be able to temporarily block access to safeguard missions or save bandwidth .
Correspondents say social media and the internet are becoming increasingly important for the US military .
The web is used for recruitment , public relations and for communications between troops and their families , among other things .
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates has said that social networking can help the Pentagon interact with US military employees , many of whom are in their early 20s and regular users of online services .
Chief of tweets
Among the military 's higher ranks , Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , has a Twitter feed with more than 16,000 followers .
Joint chiefs chairman Adm Mike Mullen has a large Twitter following The US Southern Command has also used Twitter for operational updates on relief activities in the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake .
However , the US Marine Corps last year renewed a standing ban on accessing the microblogging service from its network .
The US Army also maintained a list of banned social media sites .
But the new policy says visiting websites for pornography , gambling or hate - crime is still banned on military computers .
" We need to take advantage of these capabilities that are out there - this Web 2.0 phenomena , " said David Wennergren , deputy assistant secretary of defence for information technology .
The idea is be responsible and use these tools to help get the job done
David Wennergren
Pentagon " And what we had were inconsistent approaches .
Some websites were blocked and some commands were blocking things .
Mr Wennergren said it was more important that serving personnel were trained in how to use online tools effectively and learn about the risks of disclosing information .
" The idea is be responsible and use these tools to help get the job done , " he said .
" There are two imperatives .
One is the ability to share information .
The other is about security - we need to be good at both , " he said .
The new rules will only apply to non-classified government computers , the Pentagon said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is by James Kanter , Micheline Maynard and Hiroko Tabuchi .
Toyota ’s recalls and disclosures in recent months are part of a lengthy pattern in which the automaker has often reacted slowly to safety concerns , in some instances making design changes without telling customers about problems with vehicles already on the road , an examination of its record shows .
Toyota received complaints from customers in Europe about sticking accelerator pedals as early as December 2008 and started installing redesigned pedals on new vehicles there last August .
Months later , in January , similar concerns in the United States led to a pedal recall of 2.3 million vehicles .
The European cars have now been recalled , too .
In a Congressional committee meeting on Jan. 27 , Toyota officials said they first learned of this problem through reports of sticking pedals in vehicles in England and Ireland in the spring of 2009 .
But Toyota later acknowledged it had received reports there as early as December 2008 .
Three years ago , it recalled 2007 and 2008 Toyota Camrys and Lexus ES 350s because the accelerator could stick under floor mats , a precursor to a much bigger recall last fall .
LOS ANGELES 
When Bernhard Punzet opened the dreaded envelope from Anthem Blue Cross one recent Saturday , it ruined his weekend .
Although he had no known medical problems , the company was raising the premium on his individual health insurance policy by 34 percent , to $ 254 a month .
The policy for his partner , who is 12 years older , would rise 36 percent , to $ 369 .
“ Ten percent I could have rationalized , ” said Mr. Punzet , 34 , a financial controller for a Los Angeles recruiting firm .
“ But a 34 percent increase ?
I do n’t even have any data points for that , nothing to compare it to .
I ’ve never seen anything go up 34 percent . ”
With health care negotiations stalled in Washington , the Obama administration is seizing on the seething fury felt by Mr. Punzet and nearly 700,000 other Anthem customers in California who have received notices of increases that average 25 percent .
About a quarter of them are seeing leaps of 35 percent to 39 percent , the company said , at least four times the rate of medical inflation .
While flipping through channels a few nights back , I came across T. Boone Pickens on John Stossel 's new show ( scroll down for the clip ) .
The Texan billionaire was pitching his revised " Pickens Plan " for energy independence .
The latest version advocates compressed natural gas as a replacement for diesel fuel .
Stossel — a libertarian — thinks T. Boone 's plan is nothing more than dressed - up corporate welfare ; Pickens says that CNG needs " help " from the government to get off the ground .
The contrast made for a good show .
Pickens ' plan relies on a big expansion in federal tax credits .
The aim is to get trucking companies to switch their fleets from diesel to CNG .
His goal — to eliminate America 's dependence on imported diesel — seems like a pipedream ... but I have to admit that the concept is compelling .
What 's not to like ?
Energy independence , less pollution , and cheaper fuel .
The new Pickens Plan looks great on paper , at least .
Major players are lining up behind it , from Harry Reid to Orrin Hatch .
There 's a bill floating around Capitol Hill to fund the tax credits ( H.R. 1835 ) , and Pickens says it could pass by May 2010 .
Risks , Pitfalls , Conflicts of Interest
There are plenty of CNG critics out there .
We heard from them last month , responding to a CNG article by my colleague Christian DeHaemer ( founder and editor of Crisis and Opportunity ) .
Here are some thoughts from an Energy and Capital reader , Lou :
Do not hold your breath on CNG vehicles in general usage .
Because of the high pressure tanks , such vehicles are or should be limited to use by fleets where trained technicians can fuel and maintain them .
Ford and GM both gave up on their programs when 2 vehicles blew up during the fueling process because of tank failures .
6000 PSI gas , even inert nitrogen , is not something the general public is qualified to play with .
Any new program for such vehicles will be instantly aborted when the first one blows .
I know , because I was involved in those programs , trying to design fuel injectors for some .
Very tricky business because one is dealing with a gaseous media .
Pickens may be smart , and he may be rich , but he 's just proven that he does not understand the issues of alternate sources of energy .
I knew the minute I first read of his scheme that he had not even been reading the papers re the NIMBY issues with wind turbines .
Rich liberals that want this transition scream the loudest when anyone mentions wind turbines in their back yards .
See : Teddy Kennedy .
Reader Wallace Henderson shared his first - hand experience running a fleet of CNG - powered airport shuttles :
Before you jump fully on the CNG bandwagon check the New Zealand experience .
On my first tour of the country in 1988 almost every filling station had a CNG pump .
On my last trip in 2007 very few had such pumps .
Personal experience trying to run an airport shuttle van service with CNG powered vehicles adds to my skepticism .
To get about half the range of a tank of gasoline required a very large CNG tank pressurized to 3000 psi which was once the favored component in IEDs in the Middle East .
Also filling time added about an hour of unproductive time on the clock for the drivers .
After a very sincere try at being green we gave up after 9 months .
Only government fleets where cost effectiveness is not a requirement are compatible with CNG .
Lou and Wallace highlight some of the biggest hurdles CNG needs to overcome .
But with dozens of cities around America running fleets of CNG buses , the safety issues seem manageable — at least for larger fleets .
So far I 'm not sold either way .
Both sides make good points .
My biggest problem is that success of the plan hinges on tax breaks , at a time when the government is near - broke .
Conflict of Interest ?
T. Boone could get even richer if his plan succeeds , thanks in part to the massive tax credits he 's pushing .
For example , he 's the largest shareholder in Clean Energy Fuels Corp ( NASDAQ : CLNE ) , a company poised to profit from the buildout of CNG fuel stations .
Filling stations that add natural gas would also get up to $ 100,000 in tax credits under H.R. 1835 .
This conflict does n't mean the Pickens Plan is a scam , or that it wo n't work .
But it does raise questions about T. Boone 's partiality .
So while the Pickens Plan is sometimes sold as humanitarian effort , we should remember that big business is the real driving force behind it .
Chesapeake Energy ( NYSE : CHK ) , a natural gas giant , is also working with Pickens to promote CNG .
They run CNGnow.com , which promotes expanded use of the fuel .
They 're also running TV ads in support of Pickens .
Like Stossel , I generally do n't like the government meddling in markets .
T. Boone argues that a tax credit is different from a handout , since it technically just reduces a company 's tax liability ...
But it still comes down to the government playing favorites .
Here 's the clip from Stossel 's show .
It 's worth a watch .
~~ad_0 ~~
Cargill is a trusted salt supplier to the food manufacturing and foodservice industries .
Our salt portfolio includes core ingredient granulated salts , specialty flake salts , a full line of purified & gourmet sea salts , as well as our ingredient systems and sodium reduction products .
For more consumer information on our Diamond Crystal ®
Salt products , please visit our consumer site at www.diamondcrystalsalt.com.
Riot at Indian TV station over Exiled Online article
This has to be the single weirdest episode in my journalism career–and that ’s saying a lot , considering all the strange and scary shit I ’ve been through over the past decade - plus .
I caused a mass riot in India , leaving 185 people arrested so far , and about 100 businesses owned by Larry Summers ’ oligarch - friends smoldering in ruins .
The class war is on–but not in the supposedly free - spirited United States of America , where you can rape Americans of everything they ’re worth and never worry about so much as a broken window … instead my article sparked an uprising on the other side of the globe .
Go figure .
A blog entry I posted a few months back on Larry Summers ’ evil Indian billionaire sponsor , Mukesh Ambani , became a major TV sensation in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh yesterday , sparking mass riots against the oligarchs ’ business interests .
Mobs “ went on the rampage in Guntur , Anantapur and Kurnool districts and Hyderabad city , where they attacked retail outlets and malls , cell phone towers and petrol stations operated by the two Reliance groups , ” according to one report .
“ They burnt effigies of Mukesh and Anil Ambani . ”
The Times of India blamed it all on me :
Congress workers went on a rampage across Andhra Pradesh on Thursday after a regional TV channel flashed a report … [ that ] referred to an article written by one Mark Ames , a California - born American journalist and writer , on a website , exiledonline.com titled ‘ Enemy of Larry Summers Ex-Boss Dies in Mysterious Helicopter Crash . ’
The blog entry in question speculated on the mysterious death of a popular Indian politician who ’d crossed the Ambani brothers , and the strange coincidence between the populist politicians ’ helicopter death not long after he demanded that the billionaires give up some of their ill - begotten oil riches to the state ’s 76 million citizens … and the double - strangeness that in the heat of the savage feud between the two Ambanis , one of them was nearly killed in a helicopter sabotage .
Larry Summers , who runs America ’s economy for President Obama , was paid hundreds of thousands of dollars by the richer of the two Ambani brothers to serve on an advisory board –Larry chose to side with the richer , scarier brother over the other brother whose helicopter was nearly downed .
Anyway , today the police in Andhra Pradesh threatened action against the TV station that read my blog entry over the airwaves .
This is still developing , stay tuned …
Mark Ames is the author of Going Postal : Rage , Murder and Rebellion from Reagan ’s Workplaces to Clinton ’s Columbine .
Click the cover & buy the book !
Winter Homeless Services : Bringing Our Neighbors in from the Cold January , 2010
A Report From National Coalition for the Homeless Real the whole report below , or click to specific sections : Download report as pdf ( recommended for printing )
Acknowledgements
Summary
Three critically important elements to an effective regional or
local approach to the prevention of injury and hypothermia
local approach to the prevention of injury and hypothermia Introduction
Precautions to Reduce the Risks of Hypothermia
Exposure - related Conditions : Hypothermia and Frostbite
Overview of Current Programs
Recommendations
Conclusions
References
Respondent Organizations and Shelters for this Report Acknowledgements Rebecca Sturgis , Primary Author and Researcher
NCH Research Intern , Brandeis University ( MA ) Adam Sirgany , Research Assistant and Fact Checker
NCH Research Intern , Knox College ( IL ) Michael Stoops , Report Supervisor
Director of Community Organizing Neil J. Donovan , Editor and Secondary Author
Executive Director The National Coalition for the Homeless
The National Coalition for the Homeless ( NCH ) is a national network of current and formerly homeless people , activists and advocates , community - based and faith - based service providers , and others committed to ending homelessness .
NCH is committed to creating changes necessary to prevent and end homelessness .
At the same time , we work to meet the immediate needs of people who are currently or at risk of experiencing homelessness .
NCH is committed to the principle that current and formerly homeless people must represent and be actively involved throughout the organization .
Toward this end , the National Coalition for the Homeless ( NCH ) engages in public education , policy advocacy , and grassroots organizing .
NCH focuses its advocacy on housing justice , economic justice , health care justice , and civil rights .
Summary Seven hundred people experiencing or at risk of homelessness are killed from hypothermia annually in the United States .
Forty - four percent of the nation ’s homeless are unsheltered .
From the urban streets of our populated cities to the remote back - country of rural America , hypothermia - or subnormal temperature in the body - remains a leading , critical and preventable cause of injury and death among those experiencing homelessness .
The National Coalition for the Homeless ( NCH ) has published Winter Homeless Services : Bringing Our Neighbors in from the Cold to raise awareness of the dangers and consequences of hypothermia on people experiencing homelessness .
NCH maintains that knowledge , networking and temporary seasonal shelter and outreach are three of the most important elements to an effective regional or local approach to the reduction and prevention of exposure and hypothermia .
This report is a snapshot of winter homeless services nationwide .
NCH staff has gathered information for this report from ninety - four respondents representing forty states and the District of Columbia , from urban , suburban and rural communities .
NCH interviewed state and local coalitions , healthcare providers , and shelter operators in order to gain the best and broadest possible understanding of cold weather services available through these direct service providers and first responders .
There is general consensus among public health officials , medical professionals and service providers that to reduce the incidence of hypothermia nationwide , local communities should implement effective and timely strategies to address the needs of vulnerable populations , including creating temporary homeless shelters and extending the hours of operation for existing shelters .
Three critically important elements to an effective regional or
local approach to the prevention of injury and hypothermia : Knowledge – Accurate and timely information can be life saving for people experiencing homelessness , while a lack of information can be damaging or deadly .
In many communities , elected officials and decision - makers hold and keep critical information across a broad range of public and private resources and services .
Effective prevention strategies include a pre-approved plan for the gathering and dissemination of lifesaving information to all critical stakeholders , including those at risk on the streets .
Networking –
In cold weather , local elected officials and decision - makers are a critical first step to preventing hypothermia .
Those in need must receive clear , consistent and repeated messages about the signs , symptoms and consequences of hypothermia , as well as emergency services that are being made available for them .
Furthermore , the general public wants and needs to know how to help those in danger of hypothermia and what responses are most appropriate .
The public also needs to know who the decision - makers are and what decisions are being made .
Temporary Seasonal Shelter and Outreach – Appropriate approaches to the level , design and schedule of prevention resources , shelter and outreach , are critical to an effective response .
The level of response must be timely and measured against the imminent and emerging concern of injury and hypothermia .
The design must place the human cost of injury and death front and center .
And , the schedule of emergency shelters and outreach services must be developed and available based solely on sound established prevention practices .
Introduction People experiencing homelessness have a much higher risk than the general population of developing exposure - related conditions such as hypothermia and frostbite .
These conditions can be immediately life threatening and may also increase the risk of dying from unrelated conditions in the future .
Increased homeless services , especially additional shelter availability , are necessary to accommodate the amplified need in the winter .
The National Coalition for the Homeless ( NCH ) interviewed homeless coalitions and shelters nationwide to gain an understanding of the cold - weather services offered in each area .
Of the reporting parties that responded , thirty - eight have temperature - specific cut - offs for their winter services , twenty - seven are open every night between specific dates , and twelve have no cut - offs but base their decisions on judgment , need , and capacity .
Thirty - four ( 54.0 % ) of the reporting parties are open only at night , even in the winter .
Additionally , thirty - eight ( 76.0 % ) of the reporting parties admit people who are inebriated into their shelters , and twelve ( 24.0 % ) do not .
Governments need to provide funding to ensure adequate winter services in their communities .
In addition , every state and city should have a cold - weather response plan in place before the winter in case of extreme cold .
Each year , as winter approaches and the temperature begins to drop , many homeless people move from the streets to their city ’s shelter system to escape the cold .
Without a carefully constructed winter plan , homeless service facilities may find themselves unable to accommodate the influx of residents , and some of those people who seek shelter are turned out into the cold .
With nowhere to stay except the streets , homeless people are at risk for a variety of conditions caused by exposure to the cold , including frostbite and hypothermia , both of which can be permanently damaging to one ’s health and can sometimes be life - threatening .
Many of the chronic problems faced by the homeless people , including inadequate clothing , malnutrition , and underlying infection , further increase the risk of developing and dying from hypothermia .
In addition , many homeless people struggle with alcohol and drug addictions .
The use of these substances substantially increases their susceptibility to hypothermia .
Communities have a responsibility to protect their residents from overly adverse conditions .
However , few communities have city - wide cold - weather response plans , and many of the nationwide plans currently in place leave gaping holes in accessibility .
In rural areas , shelters often have no outside resources to help them cope with the increased demand caused by cold weather conditions .
The majority of shelters and organizations surveyed offer expanded winter services only during certain months or only when the temperature falls below a pre-determined and arbitrary cut - off temperature .
Above those cut - offs , even in conditions under which the most dangerous cases of hypothermia occur , many cities do not offer resources to help the homeless people escape from the cold .
Precautions to Reduce the Risks of Hypothermia *
Wear hats , mittens , gloves and clothing that create a static layer of warm air , provides a barrier against the wind , and keeps the body dry .
Avoid alcohol and other mood - and cognition - altering drugs .
Recognize the signs and symptoms of hypothermia ( e.g. , shivering , slurred speech , and drowsiness ) that indicate the need to seek shelter and call for help .
Keep and carry emergency supplies containing blankets , non-caffeinated fluids , high - energy food , and an extra supply of medications for chronic conditions readily available .
* These precautions are important for both homeless people and those who help them .
Exposure - related Conditions : Hypothermia and Frostbite Hypothermia
Hypothermia occurs when a person ’s core body temperature falls below 95 oF .
The level of severity of the condition is defined according to body temperature .
A core body temperature between 90o F and 95o F is classified as mild hypothermia ; between 82 oF and 90 oF is classified as moderate hypothermia ; and a core body temperature below 82 oF is considered severe hypothermia ( Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [ CDC ] 2006 ; O’Connell 2004 ) .
Signs and symptoms of hypothermia include exhaustion , numbness , cold sensation , shivering , pale or flushed skin , decreased hand coordination , slurred speech , and confusion ( CDC 2006 ) .
Hypothermia can cause the heart , brain , and kidneys to malfunction and may be life - threatening .
People suffering from hypothermia often have impaired judgment and cannot perceive their own need for shelter or medical care .
Between 1999 and 2002 , hypothermia - related deaths , totaling 4,607 in number , occurred in all 50 states in the United States ( CDC 2006 ) .
Frostbite
Frostbite is defined as local tissue freezing and injury , while cold - related tingling and numbness without tissue damage is referred to as “ frostnip ” ( O’Connell 2004 ) .
Frostbite is generally classified from first degree ( least severe ) to fourth degree ( most severe ) based on the extent of tissue damage , although some clinicians prefer to classify frostbite as “ superficial ” ( first and second degree ) or “ deep ” ( third and fourth degree ) for reasons of practicality .
Superficial frostbite only affects the skin and nearby tissues , whereas deep frostbite may affect the nearby bones , joints , and tendons ( Biem et al. 2003 ) .
Frostbite can occur with any degree of hypothermia .
Around ninety percent of frostbite cases affect the hands and feet , although it also may involve the ears , nose , cheeks , and penis ( O’Connell 2004 ) .
Frostbitten areas often develop sensory loss and increased sensitivity to cold that may last for years .
After deep frostbite , areas may also develop arthritis and chronic pain .
In cases of severe frostbite , the affected areas may have to be medically amputated if they do not autoamputate ( O’Connell 2004 ) .
Relationship to Homelessness
Hypothermia does not occur only when the ambient temperature becomes very cold .
Other aspects of the weather , such as wind and precipitation , lower the perceived temperature and cause the body to lose heat more quickly .
Wet clothing causes a 20 - fold increase in heat loss , and submersion in cold water causes heat to be lost 32 times faster ( O’Connell 2004 ) .
Adequate clothing , including hats and mittens , helps prevent hypothermia by creating a static layer of warm air , keeping the skin dry , and creating a barrier against the wind ( CDC 2006 ) .
Hats are especially crucial : up to 50 % of a person ’s body heat can be lost through an uncovered head ( O’Connell 2004 ) .
Inadequate or wet clothing is also a risk factor for frostbite .
Additional risk factors for hypothermia include malnutrition , decreased body fat , underlying infection , lack of fitness , fatigue , inadequate shelter and heat , and other pre-existing medical conditions ( Biem et al. 2003 ; O’Connell 2004 ) .
Infants and elderly people are particularly vulnerable .
Other risk factors for frostbite include diabetes , smoking , and the presence of an infected wound ( O’Connell 2004 ) .
Many of these risk factors are common among the homeless population .
Due to the circumstances of life on the streets , many homeless people do not have hats , gloves , or other clothing necessary for cold weather , and do not have extra outfits to change into when their clothing becomes wet .
Many homeless people are not able to eat full or healthy meals and , as a result , suffer from malnutrition .
People experiencing homelessness are three to six times more likely to become ill than housed people ( National Health Care for the Homeless Council 2008 ) .
The risk of developing hypothermia is raised substantially by the use of alcohol , nicotine , drugs , and some medications ( CDC 2006 ; O’Connell 2004 ) .
Alcohol and other drugs that alter mood and cognition are associated with increased mortality from hypothermia ( CDC 2006 ) .
This is partially due to the fact that these substances impair judgment , and may decrease the likelihood of the user to seek medical care .
In addition , alcohol causes blood vessels at the surface of the skin to dilate , accelerating the loss of body heat ( D.C. Department of Human Services 2008 ) .
Substance abuse is extremely common among the homeless population .
Although recent , accurate estimates are difficult to obtain , the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration ( SAMHSA ) estimated that in 2003 , 38 % of homeless people were dependent on alcohol and 26 % abused other drugs .
In addition , nearly 80 % of homeless people smoke tobacco ( Lee et al. 2005 ) .
Homelessness itself is associated with higher levels of hypothermia - related death .
Relatively few people die directly from hypothermia .
However , a significant number of people die from hypothermia- and / or exposure - related complications .
Perhaps the most important factor , however , is that people who are homeless often have nowhere to go when the temperature drops .
Even those who seek shelter – and are allowed to enter – are frequently turned back onto the streets during the day .
Cities must provide adequate services to protect every homeless person from hypothermia and frostbite during all hours of the day , regardless of their intoxication status or past behavior .
Overview of Current Programs Methods
Interviews were conducted with staff from nearly one - hundred homeless coalitions and shelters across the country .
Organizations were selected from NCH ’s membership and contacts .
Interviewers attempted to gain the best possible understanding of the cold - weather services offered to the homeless population in each community .
Although we asked each organization the same set of questions , we did not follow a specific format during phone conversations .
Responses were recorded as accurately as possible during and after interviews .
The report data reflects 94 reporting parties from 60 cities and counties in 40 states and the District of Columbia .
A list of organizations interviewed is found in the “ References ” section ( page 17 - 20 ) .
We gathered data from individual shelters as well as data for entire cities .
For this reason , when we refer to the “ number of services ” , this reflects the number of reporting parties rather than the number of shelters that offer those services .
When analyzing our results , we only included organizations that have a specific winter policy or change the availability of services depending on the weather .
This study is a snapshot using data from 70 communities from various areas across the country , the results may not reflect the cold - weather responses in every part of the country .
Our aim was to learn which services are common and what programs have been successful , less successful or unsuccessful .
We believe that the major concepts of this study are applicable to the nation as a whole .
We have , to the best of our ability , identified the main shortcomings and strengths of existing programs and used this information to draft recommendations for the benefit of people experiencing homelessness nationwide .
Results
Of the ninety - four reporting parties , sixty - two ( 66.0 % ) simply adapt or add to their year - round services when the weather becomes cold , and twenty - three ( 24.5 % ) offer their services only during the winter .
Two reporting parties offer both year - round and winter - only services , and seven parties declined to answer .
This decision is generally based on the needs of the specific community and the capacity of the year - round shelters .
Boston , Massachusetts and Washington , D.C. were the only cities interviewed with city - wide winter response plans .
Many shelters expand their hours during the winter , allowing homeless people to escape from the cold for longer .
Of the sixty - three reporting parties that responded to this question , twelve ( 19.0 % ) offer their services 24 hours each day year - round , and an additional seventeen ( 27.0 % ) remain open all day during the winters only .
However , thirty - four ( 54.0 % ) of the reporting parties are open only at night , even in the winter .
Some of these require residents to leave as early as 6 am .
Of the overnight services , at least six ( 17.6 % ) do not have a day center nearby .
Another common theme is adding beds , laying down mats or cots , or providing sleeping bags and space on the floor during the winter .
Of the parties surveyed , forty - eight ( 51.1 % ) are able to open up extra space within the facility , and twenty - two ( 23.4 % ) have access to an additional building to accommodate the overflow .
Furthermore , eleven ( 11.7 % ) reporting areas have limited funding to provide hotel or motel vouchers to people who are turned away from shelters .
In many cases , although services are available consistently during the winter , they are restricted to people who meet specific criteria .
Commonly , homeless people can only enter shelters if they are sober .
Some shelters test for intoxication at the door , whereas others ask people to leave if they are obviously inebriated .
Until this year , for example , the Ruth Meiers Hospitality House in Bismarck , North Dakota only allowed people who had been using drugs or alcohol to stay when the ambient temperature was below 0 oF .
This winter , they have repealed the set cut - off and will allow people who are intoxicated to stay when the executive director or assistant director determines that remaining outdoors would be dangerous .
Other criteria are also used to restrict who can benefit from winter services .
Many shelters respond to cold weather by relaxing their restrictions on who can enter the shelter .
For example , some shelters that usually breathalyze everyone who enters allow people who have been using alcohol or drugs to stay when the weather becomes extremely cold .
During the winter , 38 ( 76.0 % ) of the reporting parties admit people who are inebriated , and 12 ( 24.0 % ) do not ; the rest did not respond to this question .
In addition , many shelters do not admit people who have been previously banned for behavior problems , who have already stayed in the shelter for a specific number of days , or who are convicted sex offenders .
Twenty - two ( 23.4 % ) of the reporting parties waive these restrictions in the winter and only turn out people who are violent or causing a disturbance .
Although these programs are , for the most part , admirable and constructed in a way that benefits the homeless population , their effectiveness is often mitigated by the fact that they are not open every day and every night .
Many shelters and services are offered only when the temperature falls below a certain cut - off point .
At times , these cut - offs are motivated by finances .
For example , the Nome Emergency Shelter Team ( NEST ) of Nome , Alaska opens its doors only when the temperature falls below - 10 o F or - 20 oF with wind chill .
In Nome , however , the winters are so cold that the shelter is open approximately 75 nights each winter even with this cut - off .
Although NEST would like to open more often , they do not have the resources and volunteer energy to sustain more frequent openings .
In this and other such cases , especially in cases where no other shelter is available , the government needs to contribute funding to expand the availability of winter services .
In other situations , however , temperature cut - offs are arbitrary and fail to protect the cities ’ homeless populations from hypothermia .
Still other services are offered only during specific months , although the weather may be cold during other times .
Of the reporting parties that responded to this question , 37 have temperature - specific cut - offs for their winter services , 27 are open every night between specific dates , and 13 have no cut - offs but base their decisions on judgment , need , and capacity .
The temperature cut - offs are summarized in Figure 1 ( below ) .
Some of these cut - offs take wind chill into account , while some do not .
Most of the cut - offs are relaxed in the presence of precipitation .
Fourteen reporting parties ( 36.8 % ) use the freezing point , 32o F , as the cut - off temperature .
Figure 1 illustrates the number of reporting areas , of the 50 that responded , that use each temperature as their cut - off for providing services .
Figure 1
Temperature cut - offs of winter services : - 10 oF ( one ) , 0 oF ( two ) , 10 oF ( one ) , 18 oF ( two ) , 20 oF ( six ) , 25 oF ( five ) , 32 oF ( fourteen ) , 35 oF ( one ) , 37 oF ( one ) , 40 oF ( four ) , no cut - off ( thirteen ) Figure 2 demonstrates the number of reporting areas , of the 37 with cold - specific cut -
offs , that are open at each temperature .
Figure 2
Number of available services up to the cut - off temperature ( out of 38 ) : - 10 oF ( 37 ) , 0 oF ( 36 ) , 10 oF ( 34 ) , 18 oF ( 33 ) , 20 oF ( 31 ) , 25 oF ( 25 ) , 32 oF ( 20 ) , 35 oF ( 6 ) , 37 oF ( 5 ) , 40 oF ( 4 ) Figure 3 presents the approximate number of reporting areas that are open each month between October and April , of the 27 that open between specific dates .
Figure 3
Number of available services each month ( out of 27 ) : October ( 4 ) , November ( 18 ) , December ( 26 ) , January ( 27 ) , February ( 27 ) , March ( 27 ) , April ( 7 ) Recommendations
There are many different factors that determine an individual ’s vulnerability to hypothermia .
The result is that health experts cannot predict how long a person can safely remain outdoors at various temperatures .
According to Dr. James J. O’Connell from the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program ( BHCHP ) , the most dangerous cases of hypothermia do not occur when the ambient [ surrounding ] temperature is far below freezing .
Instead , Dr. O’Connell says , the worst cases they see arise when the days are warm ( between 40 o F and 50o F ) and the nighttime temperature drops to the mid-30s .
Life - threatening cases of hypothermia often occur when the ambient temperature is between 32o F and 40o F .
For example , the most drastic case ever seen at the BHCHP , in which a homeless man was brought in with a body temperature of 57 o F , occurred when the temperature was greater than 50o F during the day and fell to 36 o F at night .
In order to protect their homeless citizens from extreme cold , cities must organize and fund a winter response plan that provides enough extra beds to accommodate the increased need of the season .
Dr. O’Connell asserts that “ all cities should have a plan well in place ” before the cold weather arrives .
Temperature cut - offs should be avoided , since the effectiveness of a shelter is decreased when the population it serves does not know , from night to night , whether the shelter will be open .
If a temperature cut - off is necessary , due to financial or other reasons , the cut - off should be at least 40 o F in order to prevent the most dangerous cases of hypothermia , according to Dr. O’Connell .
If it is possible to keep services open every night during the winter , regardless of temperature , the winter season should be defined as October through April .
This allows homeless people to find shelter during the transitions from fall to winter and from winter to spring , which Dr. O’Connell acknowledges is a very dangerous period for homeless people .
A comprehensive approach is necessary in order to make city - funded winter response plans as effective as possible .
When a homeless population has nowhere to take refuge indoors , it is threatened by low daytime temperatures as well as nighttime cold .
Winter services must be available throughout the day , and cities must have adequate space in day centers to accommodate people who would otherwise remain outside until nightfall .
If there is no day center in an area , shelters in that area must open during the day , at least when the temperature falls below 40 o F .
Additionally , winter services must be available to all homeless persons , without restrictions .
Naturally , people who are violent , threatening , or exceedingly disruptive may be excluded from shelters for the safety of others .
However , past bans and other restrictions should be waived on nights when the temperature is lower than 40o F .
Most importantly , every city must make winter shelter space available for people who have been consuming alcohol or other drugs .
The risk of developing hypothermia is greatly increased for those who have been using substances , especially alcohol .
People who are inebriated must be allowed to spend the night indoors during cold weather .
If needed , they may be separated from those who are sober , as long as they can remain safe and warm .
Local governments should play a large role in the improvement of winter homeless services .
Every state and every major city should have a winter plan in place detailing options for shelters , day centers , and emergency transportation , as well as increased outreach and distribution of blankets and warm clothing .
This plan should be revised yearly , before the start of the winter season .
Additionally , the government should allocate funds to winter services if there is not enough shelter space to meet the nightly demand .
It must be understood that we do not write this report to criticize existing winter services that are imperfect due to funding or other circumstances out of their control .
Limited services that cannot be open reliably or cannot accommodate everyone whose needs are certainly better than no services at all .
However , all homeless service providers must be constantly trying to improve .
Conclusions
The homeless population is at greatly increased risk for hypothermia and other cold - related conditions .
This risk is even higher from those who suffer from substance addictions , mental illness , or other physical illnesses .
Even if they do not die from these conditions , their risk of death from future unrelated conditions is greatly increased .
Homeless service providers and governments have the responsibility to protect their homeless citizens through state - and city - wide winter plans and increased shelter availability .
An exemplary winter shelter would be open 24 hours each day between October 1 and April 30 , regardless of temperature , as well as any other days during the year when the temperature falls below 40 o F .
It would also admit all homeless people , regardless of sobriety status or past bans , unless they are violent or causing an extreme disturbance .
Though many of the providers we interviewed had impressive winter services , many others were inadequate in some way .
In some cases , this is a challenge that must be met by providers themselves ; in others , it is the result of a lack of funding .
In such situations , both the state and federal government must provide sufficient and lasting resources and services to its homeless constituents .
References Biem , Jay , Niels Koehncke , Dale Classen , and James Dosman .
2003 .
Out of the cold : management of hypothermia and frostbite .
Canadian Medical Association Journal , 168( 3 ) : 305-11 ( February 4 ) , http://www.cmaj.ca/cgi/reprint/168/3/305.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
2006 .
Hypothermia - Related Deaths – United States , 1999 - 2002 and 2005 .
Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report 55 ( 10 ) : 282-4 ( March 17 ) , http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5510a5.htm.
District of Columbia : Department of Human Services .
The winter plan : Protecting the lives of those who are homeless in the winter of 2008 - 2009 in the District of Columbia .
http://dhs.dc.gov/dhs/frames.asp?doc=/dhs/lib/dhs/pdfs/hypothermia/ hypothermia05202009-5 b_(2).pdf .
Lee TC , Hanlon JG , Ben-David J , Booth GL , Cantor WJ , Connelly PW , and Hwang SW .
2005 .
Risk factors for cardiovascular disease in homeless adults .
Circulation 111( 20 ) :2629 -35 .
National Health Care for the Homeless Council .
2008 .
Health Care for the Homeless : Comprehensive services to meet complex needs .
http://www.nhchc.org/
Publications / HCHbrochure2008.pdf .
O’Connell , James J. 2004 .
“ Accidental Hypothermia & Frostbite ” : Cold - related conditions .
In The Health Care of Homeless Persons : A Manual of Communicable Diseases & Common Problems in Shelters & on the Streets , ed. James J. O’Connell , 189-97 .
Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program .
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration .
2003 .
Homelessness – Provision of mental health and substance abuse services .
http://mentalhealth.
samhsa.gov/publications/allpubs/homelessness/.
Respondent Organizations and Shelters for this Report
Alabama Housing First Inc. ( Mobile and Baldwin Counties )
McKemie Place ( Mobile )
Salvation Army ( Mobile )
Waterfront Rescue Mission ( Mobile ) Alaska Alaska Coalition on Housing and Homelessness ( Anchorage )
Alaska Housing Finance Corporation ( Anchorage )
Anchorage Coalition on Homelessness ( Anchorage )
Nome Emergency Shelter Team ( Nome ) California Coalition on Homelessness ( San Francisco ) Colorado Colorado Coalition for the Homeless ( Denver ) Connecticut Connecticut Coalition to End Homelessness ( Hartford ) Delaware Homeless Planning Council of Delaware ( Wilmington ) District of Columbia Catholic Charities
District of Columbia Department of Human Services Florida Tallahassee / Leon Shelter ( Tallahassee )
Waterfront Rescue Mission ( Pensacola ) Illinois Chicago Coalition for the Homeless ( Chicago )
Good Samaritan House ( Granite City )
The Light House Shelter ( Marion )
Pacific Garden Mission ( Chicago )
South Illinois Homeless Coalition ( Marion ) Indiana Good News Mission ( Indianapolis )
Wheeler Shelter for Women and Children ( Indianapolis ) Iowa Central Iowa Shelter and Services ( Des Moines )
Sioux City Gospel Mission ( Sioux City ) Kansas Kansas Statewide Homeless Coalition ( Topeka )
Lawrence Community Shelter ( Lawrence ) Kentucky Coalition for the Homeless , Inc. ( Louisville ) Maine Maine State Housing Authority ( Augusta )
Preble Street Resource Center ( Portland )
York County Shelters ( York County ) Maryland Baltimore Homeless Services - Office of the Mayor ( Baltimore )
Montgomery County Coalition for the Homeless ( Montgomery County ) Massachusetts Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program ( Boston )
City of Boston – Office of the Mayor ( Boston )
Massachusetts Coalition for the Homeless ( Lynn )
Pine Street Inn ( Boston ) Michigan Community Housing Network ( Oakland County )
Battle Creek Homeless Coalition ( Battle Creek ) Missouri Missouri Housing Development Commission ( St. Louis ; Kansas City )
Restart Inc. ( Kansas City )
St. Patrick Center ( St. Louis ) Montana Montana Council on Homelessness ( Helena ) Nebraska Continuum of Care ( North Central region )
Continuum of Care ( Omaha )
Crossroads Center ( Hastings )
People ’s City Mission ( Lincoln )
Salvation Army ( Omaha ) Nevada Reno Men ’s Drop -in Center ( Reno )
Reno -Sparks Gospel Mission ( Reno ) New Hampshire New Hampshire Coalition to End Homelessness ( Manchester )
New Hampshire Homeless ( Northfield ) New Jersey New Jersey Alliance for the Homeless ( Newark ) New Mexico New Mexico Coalition to End Homelessness ( Santa Fe ) New York Coalition for the Homeless ( New York City )
Nassau - Suffolk Coalition for the Homeless , Inc. ( Nassau and Suffolk Counties ) North Carolina North Carolina Coalition to End Homelessness ( Raleigh ) North Dakota Missouri Valley Coalition for Homeless People , Inc. ( Bismarck )
North Dakota Coalition for Homeless People , Inc. ( Bismarck )
Ruth Meiers Hospitality House ( Bismarck ) Ohio Faith Mission of Ohio ( Columbus )
Friends of the Homeless ( Columbus )
Greater Cincinnati Coalition for the Homeless ( Cincinnati ) Oklahoma Homeless Alliance ( Oklahoma City ) Oregon City of Portland
Multnomah County
Northwest Coalition for Homeless Families ( Portland )
Southwest Oregon Community Action ( Coos Bay ) Pennsylvania Community Human Services ( Pittsburgh )
Pennsylvania Coalition to End Homelessness ( Harrisburg ) Rhode Island Rhode Island Coalition for the Homeless ( Providence ) South Carolina Upstate Homeless Coalition of South Carolina South Dakota Minnehaha County Human Services ( Sioux Falls )
South Dakota Homeless Consortium ( Pierre ) Tennessee Knox Area Rescue Ministries ( Knoxville ) Texas House the Homeless , Inc. ( Austin ) Utah The Road Home ( Salt Lake City ) Vermont Bennington Coalition for the Homeless ( Bennington )
Committee On Temporary Shelter ( Burlington )
Vermont Agency of Human Services ( Waterbury )
Vermont Coalition to End Homelessness ( Burlington ) Virginia Arlington Street People ’s Assistance Network ( Arlington )
New Hope Housing ( Fairfax County ) Washington Associated Ministries ( Tacoma )
Tacoma - Pierce County Coalition for the Homeless ( Pierce County )
Washington State Coalition for the Homeless ( Tacoma ) West Virginia Greater Wheeling Coalition for the Homeless ( Wheeling )
House to Home ( Parkersburg ) Wisconsin Brown County Homeless and Housing Coalition ( Green Bay )
Salvation Army ( Madison )
Wisconsin Department of Commerce ( Madison ) Wyoming Comea House ( Cheyenne )
Good Samaritan Mission ( Jackson )
Sheridan Community Shelter ( Sheridan )
Wyoming Coalition for the Homeless ( Cheyenne )
It has also opened new avenues for corruption and cronyism .
A series of regulatory attacks on Google in recent years had the side effect of making its chief rival , Baidu.com , the prime internet gateway for China 's 338 million internet users .
Baidu now boasts 63 per cent of Chinese search traffic compared with Google 's 31 per cent , according to Analysys International .
Google , like all internet service providers in China , is required to self - censor political content according to rules that are deliberately vague and arbitrarily enforced .
The keyword filtering was performed by a Google joint venture company , which was tasked with responding to specific demands from officials from a range of departments , regions and tiers of government and even businesses - many of which were in competition with each other .
Google had already declined to set up a China - based ''.cn ' ' version of its Gmail system in order to avoid the predicament that its competitor Yahoo faced in 2004 of being legally required to hand over personal user details to Chinese authorities .
Yesterday Google said it would no longer censor its China search engine service , which almost certainly means the service will be shut .
The service continued in its censored form yesterday , as Google is anxious to avoid exposing 600 employees at Haidian , in Beijing 's university district , to legal and security repercussions that could result if it continued to maintain the uncensored product illegally .
big
We may be way off base here , but we 're pretty sure the game just got upended .
Days after AT&T appeased the masses by finally enabling 3G streaming over the iPhone 's SlingPlayer app , Verizon Wireless has delivered somegargantuan news of its own .
Starting next month , all Verizon Wireless customers with smartphones ( and an accompanying data plan ) will be able to make and receive unlimited Skype - to - Skype voice calls to any user in the world over its 3G network , which is something that AT&T users have been able to do since last autumn .
Let us repeat that : VZW , which is known historically as one of the most controlling carriers in this great nation , is opening up its 3G network for limitless Skype calling .
The forthcoming Skype Mobile application will also support Skype Out calling , instant messaging between Skype users and an ability to " remain always connected ... to see friends ' online presence . "
Nine smartphones will be compatible at launch ( the full list is after the break ) , and we 're guessing that more will be added in due time .
Giddy yet ?
That 's the sound of fracking — pumping a mix of water , sand and chemicals a mile or more into the Earth to shatter shale deposits and release the natural gas within .
From the Barnett shale in Texas to the " supergiant " Marcellus shale that stretches from West Virginia to New York State , so much natural gas has been found that the U.S. may have enough to burn for 100 years or more .
And burning natural gas releases 43 percent less CO2 than burning coal .
Fort Worth has transitioned from cow town to gas town .
It 's the booming capital of fracking with thousands of wells within city limits .
But fracking comes with a cost .
In addition to water use , there 's the problem of what to do with the brine and chemicals left over afterwards .
Bad drilling lets natural gas seep up to drinking water aquifers and wells , causing some taps to literally burn .
And independent testing has shown toxic gas levels hundreds of times higher than safe limits in nearby DISH , Tex .
Fracking may have a lot of upside , but such fossil - fuel exploration and exploitation has to be done right .
Or we 'll have a fracking mess on our hands .
— David Biello
Three faculty members at the University of Alabama in Huntsville were shot to death , and three other people were seriously wounded at a biology faculty meeting on Friday afternoon , university officials said .
The Associated Press reported that a biology professor , identified as Amy Bishop , was charged with murder .
According to a faculty member , the professor had applied for tenure , been turned down , and appealed the decision .
She learned on Friday that she had been denied once again .
The Huntsville Times identified Dr. Bishop as a Harvard - educated neuroscientist .
According to a 2006 profile in the newspaper , Dr. Bishop invented a portable cell growth incubator with her husband , Jim Anderson .
Police officials said that Mr. Anderson was being detained , but they did not call him a suspect .
PyCon 2010 brings speed enhancement to Python 3
From : Sharon Smith < linuxpr-AT-yahoo.com >
To : linuxpr -AT- yahoo.com Subject : News Item : PYCON 2010 BRINGS SPEED ENHANCEMENT TO PYTHON 3 Date : Tue , 9 Feb 2010 17:18:04 - 0800 ( PST ) Message - ID : <916678.43969.qm@web33506.mail.mud.yahoo.com >
Archive - link : Article , Thread
PYCON 2010 BRINGS SPEED ENHANCEMENT TO PYTHON 3 Python implementation developers cooperate at world 's largest Python conference ATLANTA , GA - FEB 10 , 2010 Python 3 will zoom forward at PyCon 2010 with the incorporation of Unladen Swallow , a performance - boosting branch of Python initiated by engineers from Google .
First made public at PyCon 2009 , Unladen Swallow is already accelerating Python applications at several companies .
Now the Unladen Swallow team plans to merge their code into Python 3's codebase , promising big speed improvements to Python 3 and a major new incentive for Python programmers to adopt the next - generation version of the Python language .
The growth of the Python language has brought about not just Unladen Swallow but a variety of other implementations of the Python language .
Jython , Python 's Java bytecode - generating implementation running on the Java Virtual Machine , released its version 2.5.1 in 2009 .
IronPython , the first - class CLR language for the .NET platform , released version 2.6 .
PyPy , the implementation of Python * in* Python , will release version 1.2 for PyCon .
Leaders of all these Python implementations , plus Pynie , Stackless Python , the original CPython , and non-Python dynamic languages will gather at PyCon 2010 's Virtual Machines Summit and Python Language Summit to coordinate their development and share ideas .
PyCon wraps up with four days of development sprints , where these projects and others will join lead developers with ordinary attendees for intensive , cooperative coding that will push forward with the plans laid down at the PyCon summits .
Python development efforts from around the world gather at PyCon , producing an unmatched opportunity for immersive learning .
PyCon 's talk schedule includes a record - setting 95 talks in five tracks , describing the use of Python in everything from e-commerce to robotic submarines .
PyCon 2009 's talks were so popular that its videos have been downloaded over 250,000 times !
PyCon 2010 also introduces an academic - style poster session and continues to feature Open Spaces , keynotes , Lightning Talks , Hands - On Lab , and the Exhibit Hall .
About Python Python is an open - source , dynamically typed , object - oriented programming language that can be used in nearly the entire range of technology applications .
It offers an easy learning curve and access to a vast array of libraries .
With implementations available for all common operating systems as well as the Java and .NET platforms , Python can be used on virtually any system in existence .
Python 's power and versatility have made it one of the world 's most popular programming languages , currently ranked # 7 in the TIOBE index .
Like other open - source , dynamic languages , it offers rapid productivity and a vigorous developer community ; at the same time , Python 's clarity and reliability give confidence to enterprise users .
About PyCon Presented by the Python Software Foundation , the world 's largest Python conference brings together a diverse group of developers , enthusiasts , and organizations to explore new challenges , launch new businesses and forge new connections within the Python community .
PyCon provides attendees with the opportunity to delve into the dynamic programming language relied upon by institutions from MIT and NASA to Cisco and Walt Disney .
PyCon helps people learn new tools and techniques , present their own projects , and meet other Python fans .
PyCon 2010 is sponsored by twenty - one companies , including Google , CCP Games , Walt Disney Animation Studios , Net-ng , Socialserve.com , ActiveState , White Oak Technologies , Canonical , Microsoft , Sauce Labs , Rackspace , ESRI , and Oracle .
Press passes to the conference are available for members of the press who would like to witness PyCon in person .
PyCon : http://us.pycon.org/2010/
Python language website : http://python.org
PyCon summit meetings : http://us.pycon.org/2010/about/summits/
PyCon talk listings : http://us.pycon.org/2010/conference/talks/
PyCon 2009 videos : http://pycon.blip.tv/
TIOBE Index : http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/ind...
Python Software Foundation : http://www.python.org/psf/
See PyCon 2010 press releases at http://us.pycon.org/2010/about/press/
Media Contact Van Lindberg , conference chair van@python.org +1 ( 972 ) 739-8638 Catherine Devlin , publicity coordinator catherine.devlin@gmail.com +1 ( 937 ) 301-5871
The unconnected dots of Alaska 's superstar and rightwing evangelical / fundamentalist victimhood for politics and profit ...
Frank Schaeffer Byon 1/12/2010 , 4:32 pm PT
Guest blogged by Frank Schaeffer
Do you want to understand Sarah Palin 's attraction to the born - again Republican / Fox crowd ?
Then you have to " get " the apocalyptic fantasy world they live in .
I know .
It 's where I once lived .
Palin comes from that world of hysterical paranoid delusion .
It 's her attraction to the people who like her .
God has " raised her up for such a time as this " they believe .
It is why Fox " News " just hired her as another one of their fair and balanced commentators .
Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye 's Left Behind series of sixteen novels ( so far ! ) represents everything that is most deranged about Palin 's religion , and understanding why those books are popular is the key to " getting " the Palin Fox " News " deal ...
The Left Behind novels represent the fundamentalist end times view that Palin buys into .
They have sold tens of millions of copies while spawning an " End Times " cult , or rather egging it on .
Such products as Left Behind wall paper , screen savers , children 's books , and video games have become part of the ubiquitous American background noise .
Less innocuous symptoms include people stocking up on assault rifles and ammunition , adopting " Christ - centered " home school curricula , fearing higher education , embracing rumor as fact , and learning to love hatred for the " other , " as exemplified by a revived anti-immigrant racism , the murder of doctors who perform legal abortions , and even a killing in the Holocaust Museum .
No , I am not blaming Palin , Jenkins and LaHaye 's product line for murder or racism or any other evil intent or result .
What I am saying is that feeding the paranoid delusions of people on the fringe of the fringe --- people who think they alone are " Real Americans " --- contributes to a dangerous climate that may provoke violence in a few individuals .
Convincing folks that Armageddon is on the way , and all we can do is wait , pray , and protect our families from the chaos that will be the " prelude " to the " Return of Christ , " is perhaps not the best recipe for political , economic , or personal stability , let alone social cohesion !
It may also not be the best philosophy on which to make serious American foreign policy decisions --- especially for a Palin - type who we now know did n't even know why North and South Korea were divided into two !
Palin might not know the 2 Koreas but she knows when Jesus is returning !
Here 's the official position of Sarah Palin 's denomination , of which she 'd been a member for 25 years until she left when political ambition meant clearing the decks of embarrassment ( then , on the advice of her political McCain handlers , even further distancing herself ) .
Palin was born into a Roman Catholic family .
She was " born - again " and joined the Wasilla Assembly of God , a Pentecostal church , which she attended until 2002 .
Palin then switched to the Wasilla Bible Church --- equally if not even more nutty --- because , she said , she preferred their children 's ministries .
When in Juneau , she attends the Juneau Christian Center .
After the Republican National Convention , a spokesperson for the McCain campaign told CNN that Palin " does n't consider herself Pentecostal " and has " deep religious convictions on the ' End Times . ' " :
What does the Assemblies of God believe concerning end - time events ?
The Assemblies of God understands the biblical description of end - time events to be literal , not symbolic ( as do some churches ) .
...
To the Christian who truly loves Jesus , the sudden appearance of Christ in the air will hold no fear , dread , or disappointment .
...
The end times will be full of frightening events .
Christians will be spared from suffering some of them by being snatched away in the Rapture .
...
With the saints removed from the earth , a time of suffering will come upon the whole world .
...
The Tribulation directly concerns Israel and is God 's judgment for long apostasy ( abandonment of religious faith ) and neglect of the Messiah - Jesus Christ
...
After the judgment fire physically destroys those deceived by Satan at the end of the Millennium , all the wicked who have ever lived on the face of the earth will be dead .
Then will follow the resurrection of the wicked dead to stand before the austere Judge " from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away " ( Revelation 20:11 )
...
If it were only the scoffers and skeptics who raise question about the certainty of the Lord 's return for His own ( cf. 2 Peter 3:3,4 ) , it would be bad enough .
But for the Church of Jesus Christ to become lethargic and careless because the long - promised chain of end - time events has not yet begun is unconscionable .
The Assemblies of God preaches a clear message that Jesus is coming soon ...
The momentum toward what amounts to a broad Palin - loving subculture seceding from the union ( in order to await " The End " ) and / or a time when the US government quits taxing us , is irrevocably prying loose a chunk of the American population from both sanity and their fellow citizens .
If you think Palin 's fans are nuts ; they are .
If you think the tea baggers are odd ; they are .
The theology of the " End " is behind both .
In the religious version Jesus is on the way .
In the " tea bagger " secular version : the US government is the enemy and is the harbinger of doom , collapse and the end .
Disclosure : I was one of those nuts
A time - out for disclosure is in order .
I knew Jerry Jenkins quite well many years ago when I was a Religious Right leader before I quit in the mid 1980s .
We worked on a project together .
I also knew Tim LaHaye .
I 'm betting that they mean well .
It seems to me that they also have no idea what they have helped unleash .
You can be very decent and very blind .
That said ... the evangelical / fundamentalists --- and hence , from the early 1980s until the election of President Obama in 2008 , the Religious Right as it informed U.S. policy through the then - dominant Republican Party --- are in the grip of an apocalyptic Rapture cult centered on revenge and vindication .
This End Times death wish is built on a literalist interpretation of the Book of Revelation .
Too bad .
The Bible 's weirdest book ( and that 's saying something ! )
Revelation : this weird book , was the last to be included in the New Testament .
It was included as canonical only relatively late in the process after a heated dispute .
The historic Churches East and West remain so suspicious of Revelation that to this day it has never been included as part of the cyclical public readings of scripture in Orthodox services .
The book of Revelation is read in Roman and Anglican Churches only during Advent .
Given that Revelation is now being hyped as the literal --- even desired --- roadmap to Armageddon and given Palin and her long - time church buys into this vision , it 's worth pausing to note that the book is nothing more than a bizarre pastoral letter that was addressed to seven specific churches in Asia at the end of the first century by someone ( maybe John or maybe not ) who appears to have been far from well when he wrote it .
In any case , the letter was not intended for use outside of its liturgical context , not to mention that it reads like Jesus on acid .
Profit - taking from scraps of " prophecy "
As I describe in detail in my new book Patience with God : Faith for People Who Don't Like Religion ( or Atheism ) , the Left Behind series is really just recycled evangelical / fundamentalist profit - taking from scraps of " prophecy " left over from an earlier commercial effort to mine the vein of fearsome End Times gold .
A book called The Late Great Planet Earth was the 1970s incarnation of this nonsense .
It was written by Hal Lindsey , a " writer " who dropped by my evangelical - leader parents ' ministry of L'Abri several times .
When Mikhail Gorbachev became president of the U.S.S.R. , Planet Earth groupies claimed Gorbachev was the Antichrist , citing the references in Revelation to the " mark of the beast " as proof because Gorbachev had a birthmark on his forehead !
After everything predicted in the book came to nothing , Lindsey rewrote and " updated " his " interpretations " in many sequels , in what must have been some sort of record for practicing George Orwell 's idea of " doublethink " via editorial revision of ever - changing " facts . "
To Jenkins and LaHaye , who have taken over the Hal Lindsey franchise of apocalypse - for - fun - and - profit and expanded it into a massive industry , the " chosen " will soon be airlifted to safety .
The focus on the " signs " leading up to this hoped - for aeronautical excursion is understandably no longer the defunct U.S.S.R. but the ripped - from - the - headlines gift that keeps on giving : the Middle East .
The key to understanding the popularity of this series and just why a nonentity like Palin is accepted as a leader by her fans --- and now Fox , and the whole host of other End Times " ministries " from the ever weirder Jack - the - Rapture - is - coming ! - Van-Impe to the smoother but no less bizarre pages of Christianity Today magazine --- is n't some new or sudden interest in prophecy , but the deepening inferiority complex suffered by the evangelical / fundamentalist community .
The Evangelical inferiority complex
The words " left behind " are ironically what the books are about , but not in the way their authors intended .
The evangelical / fundamentalists , from their crudest egocentric celebrities to their " intellectuals " touring college campuses trying to make evangelicalism respectable , have been left behind by modernity .
They wo n't change their literalistic anti-science , anti-education , anti-everything superstitions , so now they nurse a deep grievance against " the world . "
This has led to a profound fear of the " other . "
Jenkins and LaHaye provide the ultimate revenge fantasy for the culturally left behind Palin / Fox crowd against the " elite . "
The Left Behind franchise holds out hope for the self - disenfranchised that at last soon everyone will know " we " were right and " they " were wrong .
They 'll know because Spaceship Jesus will come back and whisk us away , leaving everyone else to ponder just how very lost they are because they refused to say the words , " I accept Jesus as my personal savior " and join our side while there was still time !
Even better : Jesus will kill all those smart - ass Democrat - voting , over - educated fags who have been mocking us !
The bestselling status of the Left Behind novels proves that , not unlike Islamist terrorists who behead their enemies , many evangelical / fundamentalist readers relish the prospect of God doing lots of messy killing for them as they watch in comfort from on high .
They want revenge on all people not like them --- forever .
Jenkins , LaHaye --- and now Palin --- cash in on years of imagined victimhood
I say imagined , because the born - agains had one of their very own , George W. Bush , in the White House for eight long , ruinous years and also dominated American politics for the better part of thirty years before that .
Nevertheless , their sense of being a victimized minority is still very real --- and very marketable .
Whether they were winning politically or not , they nurtured a mythology of persecution by the " other . "
Evangelical / fundamentalists believed that even though they were winning , somehow they had actually lost .
Most of that sense of lost battles is related to the so - called " Culture Wars " issues in which evangelical / fundamentalists did not fare so well , from the legalization of abortion to gay rights .
But rather than admitting that they were often losing the arguments , or had come across as so mean ( or plain dumb ) that few outsiders wanted to be like them , they blamed everyone else , from the courts to organizations such as Planned Parenthood , the ACLU , the New York Times , and the " left - wing media . "
Just about any scapegoat would do to deny or disguise the simple fact that fewer Americans wanted to follow the evangelical / fundamentalist Church Ladies into their gloomy cave ( and / or the never - never land of the Rapture ) and park their brains there .
Mea Culpa
I used to be part of the self - pitying , whining , evangelical / fundamentalist chorus .
I remember going on the Today Show with host Jane Pauley back in the late 1970s ( or early 1980s ) .
I debated with the head of the American Library Association about my claim that our evangelical / fundamentalist books were n't getting a fair shake from the " cultural elites . "
We Schaeffers were selling millions of books , but the New York Times never reviewed them .
I made the point that we were being ignored by the " media elite , " which was somewhat ironic , given that I had been invited to appear on Today to make that claim .
I dropped out of the evangelical / fundamentalist subculture soon after that Today appearance ( years later I was back on Today in my secular writer incarnation , being interviewed about a book of mine on the military / civilian divide , but I decided not to mention that I 'd been on the show about thirty years before in what seemed like either another lifetime or an out - of - body experience ) .
Fox / Palin and the victimhood mythology
Others like Fox and Palin carried on where I and many others in the first wave of the anti-abortion / religious Right wave left off , pushing the victimhood mythology to the next generation of evangelical / fundamentalists , and they have cultivated a following among the terminally aggrieved based on ceaselessly warning them about " the world . "
A host of evangelical / fundamentalist Cassandras tour college campuses reinforcing their followers ' perennial chip - on - the - shoulder attitude by telling fearful evangelical / fundamentalist students to hold fast against the secular onslaught .
They tell their student listeners ( and those students ' even more worried parents ) to not let " those people " --- professors , members of the Democratic Party , moderates , progressives , and such ordinary American men and women as Jews , gays , and members of the educated " elite " --- strip them of their faith .
Hundreds of books by many evangelical / fundamentalist authors could be consolidated into one called How to Get Through College with Your Fundamentalist Faith Intact So You Wo n't Wind Up Becoming One of Them .
Sometimes right - wing paranoia takes an ugly twist .
A website maintained by James Von Brunn , an avowed racist and anti-Semite well known to the netherworld of white supremacy --- and the assassin who killed a security guard at the Holocaust Museum in June of 2009 --- said that Von Brunn tried to carry out a " citizen 's arrest " in 1981 on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors , whom he accused of " treason . "
When he was arrested outside the room where the board was meeting , he was carrying a sawed - off shotgun , a revolver , and a knife .
Police said he planned to take members of the Fed hostage .
" Mainstream " ( in other words , slightly less nutty and less violent ) religious - Right Republicans have been saying the same thing as Von Brunn about the Fed for years , particularly the so - called " dominionists " who believe it 's their job to reestablish God 's dominion on earth .
They preach Old Testament - style vengeance and loony gold - standard " economics " from many " respectable " pulpits .
They also hate America ( as it is ) , want a revolution in the name of God , and espouse " pro-life " beliefs , anti-gay hate , racism , and far - Right Republican politics .
They take the Republican anti-government propaganda to the next step and say that even paying taxes is " unconstitutional . "
I know them well .
" Reconstructionism " and Palin
I knew the founders of the dominionist movement --- people like the late Reverend Rousas John Rushdoony , the father of " Christian Reconstructionism " and the modern evangelical / fundamentalist home school movement .
What most Americans do n't know is that someone like Palin --- who says God is " leading her " --- believe that what God wants them to do is implement the reconstructionist agenda .
Rushdoony ( whom I met and talked with several times ) believed that interracial marriage , which he referred to as " unequal yoking , " should be made illegal .
He also opposed " enforced integration , " referred to Southern slavery as " benevolent , " and said that " some people are by nature slaves . "
Rushdoony was also a Holocaust denier .
And yet his home school materials are a mainstay of the right - wing evangelical home school movement to this day .
In Rushdoony 's 1973 book , The Institutes of Biblical Law , he says that fundamentalist Christians must " take control of governments and impose strict biblical law " on America and then the world .
That would mean the death penalty for " practicing homosexuals . "
We see his agenda in the American groups like the Family connected to recent legislation in Uganda to give the death penalty to gays .
Many evangelical leaders --- including Palin --- deny holding Reconstructionist beliefs , but Beverly and Tim LaHaye ( of Concerned Women for America and the co-author of the novels we 're talking about here ) , Donald Wildmon ( of the American Family Association ) , and the late D. James Kennedy ( of Coral Ridge Ministries and a friend of mine before I left the movement ) served alongside Rushdoony on the secretive Coalition for Revival , a group formed in 1981 to " reclaim America for Christ . "
I went to some of the early meetings .
Many evangelical / fundamentalist 's can't get enough of the " end times " rush .
And they are Palin 's bedrock .
They 've been sucking doom up up since the early 1970s , and now , in the Left Behind books and Palin 's rise , the message has gone viral .
Conclusion
The expanding Left Behind entertainment empire also feeds the dangerous delusions of Christian Zionists , who are convinced that the world is heading to a final Battle of Armageddon and who see this as a good thing !
Christian Zionists , led by many " respectable " mega- pastors --- including John McCain supporter , Reverend John Hagee --- believe that war in the Middle East is God 's will .
In his book Jerusalem Countdown : A Warning to the World , Hagee maintains that Russia and the Arabs will invade Israel and then will be destroyed by God .
This will cause the Antichrist --- now , apparently , on re-assignment as the head of the European Union --- to stir up a confrontation over Israel between China and the West .
Perhaps , in the era of Obama , Hagee will do a fast rewrite and say that President Obama is the Antichrist , because the same folks who are into Christian Zionism are also into the far , far loony right of the Republican Party represented by mainstreamed oddities like Sarah Palin .
These are the same people who insist that President Obama is a " secret Muslim , " " not an American , " and / or " a communist , " " more European than American , " or whichever one of those contradictory things is worse -- not like us anyway , that 's for sure .
Palin buys into the Christian Zionist agenda hook , line , and sinker .
She 's all for unbridled US military action .
She 's for this because theologically speaking the more war the better , at least in the Middle East .
Jesus needs war to fulfill " prophecy " so he can " come back " !
Palin 's unreconstructed theology is the real story here .
And I do n't know of one media outlet that has connected these dots in the mainstream .
* * *
Frank Schaeffer is the author of Crazy for God : How I Grew Up as One of the Elect , Helped Found the Religious Right , and Lived to Take All ( or Almost All ) of It Back and Patience with God : Faith for People Who Don't Like Religion ( or Atheism ) .
His previous articles at The BRAD BLOG can be read here ...
When I saw this article this morning reporting that Obama Administration aides were scheduled to meet with representatives of the Secular Coalition for America today , I wondered how long it would take for some Religious Right group to throw a fit that the Administration was meeting with atheists .
Turns out , it took about an hour :
The advocacy group
In God We Trust today ripped the Obama administration for meeting to plot political strategy with 60 atheist activists representing organizations comprising the Secular Coalition of America .
“ It is one thing for Administration to meet with groups of varying viewpoints , but it is quite another for a senior official to sit down with activists representing some of the most hate - filled , anti-religious groups in the nation , ” says In God We Trust ’s Chairman Bishop Council Nedd . …
“ President Obama seems to believe that it is a good idea to have a key senior aide plan political strategy with people who believe faith in God is a disease , ” Nedd says .
“ Some of the people in this coalition believe the world would be better off with no Christians and no Jews and they are n’t shy about it .
The fact that this meeting is happening at all is an affront to the vast majority of people of all faiths who believe in God . ” …
“ The President should tell the American people whether he believes these groups ’ hate - filled views to be ‘ mainstream ’ and worthy of his supposedly inclusive administration , ” Nedd says .
Outrageous !
President Bush would never have met with anyone who esposed “ hate - filled views ” … would he ?
For the period April 2001 through June 2006 , Focus on the Family Founder and Chairman Emeritus James Dobson visited the White House 24 times ; 10 of those visits were to President Bush .
Andrea Lafferty , Executive Director of the Traditional Values Coalition , made an astonishing 50 visits to the White House starting on February 1 , 2001 , and continuing through March 16 , 2008 .
Six of those visits were to President Bush .
Wendy Wright , President of Concerned Women for America , made 43 visits to the White House between May 2001 and August 2006 .
Four of those visits were to President Bush .
Gary Bauer , President of American Values , made 10 visits to the White House , starting with a January 6 , 2003 visit to Vice President Cheney and ending with a July 20 , 2006 visit to President Bush .
The late Jerry Falwell , of Jerry Falwell Ministries , made eight visits to the White House between May 2001 and September 2004 .
Three of those visits were to President Bush .
Tony Perkins , President of Family Research Council , visited the White House 14 times between February 2001 and June 2006 , including two visits to President Bush .
Louis Sheldon , Chairman of the Traditional Values Coalition , made 19 visits to the White House between March 2001 and September 2006 , including two visits to President Bush .
The late Paul Weyrich , the Founder of Free Congress foundation , made 17 visits to the White House between May 2001 and July 2005 , including six visits to President Bush and one to Karl Rove .
Donald Wildmon , Founder of the American Family Association , made three visits to the White House between July 2001 and March 2003 , including one visit to President Bush .
Of course , this is different because it is Obama Administration officials who are meeting with the Secular Coalition of America today at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building while these Religious Right leaders only got to meet with President Bush at the White House .
We get a massive amount of tips in our inbox each week .
Some are pretty interesting , but do n't get published for one reason or another .
( NSFW )
Advertisement
It 's usually because they 're just so absurd or really lack even the most tenuous of news angles to give them the go - ahead .
Other times it 's because they 're just absolute horseshit .
But every Friday until we get sick of running them , we 'll present to you some of these not - so - shiny gems .
All items should be treated as [ Sic'd ] .
Enjoy ...
Yeah , I 'd Say This Is The Epitome Of A Deleted Scene
Thought you might enjoy two photos of Mike Napoli 's mother 's nipples .
I found them on Facebook .
I 've attached the photo's .
Her name is Donna [ redacted ] .
The photos were taken at Napoli's New Year 's Eve bash .
She must feel like a complete boob .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Further Adventures Of Pat " The Bat " Burrell
Through a friend of a friend of a friend who worked for the Phillies at one point , here it goes .
The Fightins ' are on the road , and Pat brings a young lady back to his room , and they begin sexytime .
At some point , Pat decides to turn her over and put it in her ass .
As he 's plowing her , he begins to scream , and I quote , " You 're pussy is jealous !
You 're pussy is jealous ! " , waking up half the floor .
Advertisement
These Types Of Emails Are The Saddest Ones Of All
SUBJECT : please send me a willie parker jersey we can't get them out here bob paprer 318 48th SDTeet rapid cty sds 57702
CRAGGS :
" What size ? "
POOR BOB :
" LARGE "
Even Nice Mommies Think Adam James Is Awful
Here 's the Leach / James in a nutshell :
My mom is what some people like to call a " 50s Catholic " .
She goes to mass twice on Sundays , once to read & once to run the 4:30 that only our parish has & is overrun by non parishner douches .
She did n't talk to my sister for the month that my sister moved in with her then fiance before their wedding .
She decries that state of society & media today on an hourly basis .
It is so bad that when she took my nieces to " Monsters vs. Aliens " last year , it was the first time she 'd been in a theater in over 5 years .
And before that , she'd go stretches without talking to my dad when he'd yell at myself & my younger brothers in Little League or middle school football games .
She is , to put it mildly , a prude .
But even my mom , super - prude & bleeding heart for the put upon players , called Adam James ( and I quote as much as I can to get around filters ) a " spolied , crybaby little pu$$y " .
It was a comment that caused 3 simulatneous spit takes .
And it is pretty goddamn accurate .
Advertisement
Oh , For Fuck 's Sake ...
Deadspin folks ,
This is not a joke or spam tip - it 's actually something of truth that has been relayed to me by a friend .
His dad is , if nothing else , filthy rich , and is the kind of person who " knows people who know people . "
One of those people happens to be Tiger Woods .
This is what he repeated to me : 1 . Elin Nordgren discovered a naked picture sent to Woods ' cellular phone by some random woman , presumably one he had been sleeping with or had slept with once .
She confronts Tiger about this , prompting the now - infamous Tiger Voicemail .
2 . Nordgren suddenly goes nuts , grabs a nine iron , and smacks Woods with it , breaking his jaw in the process .
She then proceeds to break stuff throughout the house in anger .
3 . I do n't know where the car accident comes into play .
Maybe it was Woods trying to get away .
This part of the story was not relayed to me , so while it happened , I do n't know how my friend 's story fits in .
4 . Woods is now prepared to pay Nordgren a " large sum of money " ( my friend said 50 mil , but it was a guess ) to stay married for an extra year or two to preserve his image somewhat .
I know that sounds crazy and spammish , but apparently it 's true .
Again , it 's not coming from some random person - this guy 's dad , as well as many of my friends ' dads , is a prominent figure in society .
Sincerely ,
Anonymous Sender
Jose Canseco and Robb Dibble With Something Called " The Clipse "
Advertisement
Your Brother 's Artwork Is Very Special .
Thank You For Sharing .
Thought you might get a kick out of these , my brother Brian whipped these up .
1st one is Coach Ryan throwing thunderbolts at the opposition , and the second is simply him ordering a Monster Thickburger from Carl 's Jr. Hope you enjoy .
BTW , I sent a tip in a few weeks ago about Braylon Edwards and his current child support / paternity drama in NY Family Court , was that not interesting enough , or was it never received ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
And The Jets Fans Begin Their Moron March In Style
PREVIOUS POST
Canary In The Code Mine Update : Sorry for the typo ( and thanks to Rod ) .
I 'll correct it as soon as I 'll be able to .
and this is the kind of talk that turn many Americans off , but you would think the Republicans would have a spine to stand up to this , think again .......
Home Page
It ’s the first post of the new year , and so time for the second annual Golden Woo Awards for outstanding work in the promotion of Woo in the previous year .
These awards have been compared to the Golden Globes , and to Randi ’s Pigasus Awards .
Admittedly , I am the only one making this comparison but no matter – the comparison has been made and therefore my statement is true .
So with no further ado , I give you The Golden Woos of 2010 .
The scientist or academic who said or did the silliest thing related to Woo
For the second year running the award goes to Michael Egnor .
His article last January , Materialism of the Gaps , would have been enough by itself to win this award outright .
As I explained in my post Egnor 's Dualism Of The Gaps , his silly arguments for dualism included :
Misuse of the “ god of the gaps ” argument : for some reason he thinks it applies to people who see no reason to propose dualism .
( As I wrote , it is a fallacy to insist that your explanation must include some unproven entity that you just made up ; it is not a fallacy to exclude made up entities )
Circular reasoning : the mind must be non-material , because materialism ca n’t explain the mind because the mind is non-material .
Seriously .
Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics .
As I said , enough to win the award by itself .
But then he wrote Climategate : a Word of Advice to the Scientists – in summary , some scientists ( may have ) lied about global warming , therefore evolution is false .
Just breathtaking in its stupidity .
If Egnor wins this award again next year I ’ll have to rename it “ The Egnor ” in his honor .
The funding organization that supported the most useless Woo study
The award is given to the Australian National Health and Medical Research Council for their $ 400,000 study on emergency room acupuncture .
This study is useless because it is not randomized , it has no blinding , there is no sham acupuncture and standard medical procedures will be used in addition to acupuncture .
Plus , we also know from numerous studies that have already been done , that acupuncture is nothing more than a placebo .
The media outlet that reported as fact the most outrageous Woo claim ( aka the “ Larry King ” prize )
After some considerable thought , I ’ve decided to award The Larry to the entire media for their reporting on Rom Houben , the Belgian man who allegedly was fully conscious during a 23 - year long coma .
I realize “ the entire media ” is a bit of a cop out , but honestly I have n’t been able to find any mainstream media outlet ( maybe you can find one ) that reported on this rationally .
The outrageous woo claim here was not that the man had been conscious throughout the 23 years ( opinions differ about how conscious he actually was / is ) ; the woo claim is the “ facilitated communication ” ( FC ) – where a “ facilitator ” moves Houben ’s hands across a keyboard and types out messages supposedly from him .
See these videos of this on CNN and on MSNBC – clearly the “ facilitator ” is doing the typing .
Her eyes are constantly on the keyboard as she moves his hand from letter to letter ; Houben 's eyes are staring into the distance .
The best reporting I saw on this story was by Campbell Brown of CNN , but even she just left it that there was “ skepticism ” or “ a controversy ” around the FC .
( And she really has no excuse since we know her staff had contacted Hank Schlinger of the JREF , and had the whole FC nonsense explained to her in detail . )
But there is no controversy over whether FC is genuine – it is not .
Big epic FAIL from the entire media .
The Woo responsible for the most drivel containing the most logical fallacies ( aka “ The Chopra ” )
Named for Deepak Chopra , for his achievements supporting woo with nothing but logical fallacies , above and beyond what can reasonably be expected of any human being .
As I wrote last year , Chopra is excluded from winning this award , otherwise no one else would ever stand a chance .
( Although that did n’t stop him from trying . )
The Chopra this year goes to Rabbi Shmuley Boteach and Dinesh D’Souza for their reliance on pure assertion coupled with arguments by analogy ( but zero actual evidence ) in the debate on the conflict between science and religion , “ La Ciudad de las Ideas 2009 Re- Evolution ” Festival debate .
Now , you can click that link and watch the actual debate if you want , but it is two hours long ( and loads slowly ) so probably most people wo n’t want to bother .
It does have some good arguments put forward by Sam Harris and Chris Hitchens , so take a look if you have the time .
But for those who do n’t , I ’ve highlighted just one of the poor arguments ( from many made ) from each of these clowns .
First , we have Rabbi Shmuley Boteach ( 1 hour 4 min in ) on why morality does too come from religion :
I know that Daniel Dennett is a very moral man , I know Sam Harris is a very moral man , and I know Christopher Hitchens is a very moral man , but their morality COMES FROM RELIGION .
It comes from the ten commandments ” “ do not murder , do not steal , do not commit adultery ” …
Stunning !
Boteach ’s entire argument to support his contention that morality comes from religion , is to state in a loud voice that morality COMES FROM RELIGION .
And it must be so because Boteach says it is .
Case closed then .
Wow , I never knew that debate could be so simple – just assert what you say is true and it ’s true and the other person is wrong .
Period .
If only I ’d known that when I started this blog , I could have saved myself a lot of effort in constructing valid arguments , reading papers , citing studies , etc .
I could have just asserted that I was right and be done .
Wow – is my face red now .
Even better ( and by that , I mean even more lame ) is Dinesh D’Souza ( 28 min in ) , on why agnosticism is the “ dumbest position of all ” to take .
Get a load of this :
[ Agnosticism ] is actually the dumbest position of all .
And here ’s why .
Imagine if you are dating a woman and trying to consider the question of , should you ask her to marry you .
Now the fact is you could use all the reasonable knowledge at your disposal but if you say “ what is life with this woman going to be like for the next 50 years , ” you can never know .
So you say , “ OK , since I cannot know I ’ll be an agnostic – I ’ll wait for the data to come in . ”
But the data will never be in .
If you keep waiting , she will marry someone else or you ’ll both be dead .
To start with , this is just argument by analogy ( the weakest form of argument ) , with absolutely no evidence presented ( as Sam Harris pointed out at least twice ) .
But even by argument by analogy standards , it ’s weak .
In fact , it ’s not even a valid analogy because D’Souza is making a category error – comparing two things that are actually not comparable because they are in different categories .
The question “ does God exist ” is a truth claim – either God exists or he does n’t .
The question “ should you ask a woman to marry you ” is a plan of action – you ’re trying to decide what to do in the future , what plan of action to take .
D’Souza ’s muddled mind is comparing a truth claim to a plan - two things that are not comparable and so obviously can’t be analogs .
What D’Souza probably meant was to compare belief in God with whether I believe the woman will say yes if I ask her to marry me .
( I could be wrong – but I ’m trying my hardest to construct a coherent argument from what D’Souza actually said . )
This is so obviously a false analogy , because if I want to know if the woman will marry me , I just have to ask her and presumably she ’ll tell me and then I ’ll know .
But if I want to know if God exists , there is no one I can ask – well , plenty of people I can ask , but no one who actually knows the answer .
( OK , D’Souza and Boteach think they know the answer , but they do n’t , any more than I do . )
So even by D’Souza ’s usual standards , this is a really bad argument .
And that ’s saying something .
For these and the numerous other “ arguments ” put forward in that debate , Shmuley Boteach and Dinesh D’Souza are worthy recipients of this year ’s Chopra .
Irony Award , for being completely oblivious to the hypocrisy of their own actions or words in defense of Woo
To Bill Maher for his piece in the woo journal of choice , The Huffingtom Post , entitled Vaccination : A Conversation Worth Having .
Some snippets :
…its just that mainstream media rarely interviews doctors and scientists who present an alternative point of view .
There is a movement to stop people from asking any questions about vaccines …
He ’s complaining that the “ alternative point of view ” is not considered .
I feel its unnecessary and counterproductive to try and silence people with condescension .
Silencing with condescension is bad .
It may be the case that the vaccine should have been used anyway to finish polio off , but there are some interesting facts on the other side .
Should report “ the other side . ”
More in a similar vein , at the link .
So why is all this hypocritical ?
Well , read what Bill had to say about the teaching of intelligent design , in his New Rules segment in August 2005 :
And finally New Rule :
You do n't have to teach both sides of a debate , if one side is a load of crap . [ … ]
… There are n't necessarily two sides to every issue .
If there were , the Republicans would have an opposition party .
And an opposition party would point out that even though there 's a debate , in schools , and government , about this , there is no debate among scientists .
[ My Bold . ]
Hey Bill Maher from 2005 , go and tell that to Bill Maher in 2009 because that dude does n’t have a clue !
Note , the award is n’t given to Maher because he doubts the value of vaccines .
It ’s given because his argument is that we should consider the anti-vaccine point of view just because “ the other side ” should be heard .
If he gave real arguments against vaccines , his position would n't necessarily be hypocritical ( it ’d still be wrong , but not hypocritical ) .
But he does n’t .
He just argues that both sides should be heard because , well , because they should .
Except when they should n’t .
Maher shares his award with the Atheist Alliance International for awarding Maher the 2009 Richard Dawkins Award which is for ( inter alia ) increasing scientific knowledge .
Because what could be more ironic than presenting an award for increasing scientific knowledge to an anti-science kook like Maher ?
Hitler Zombie Award ( aka “ The Godwin ” ) for appropriating Hitler to make the most outrageous Woo claim
The Godwin goes to The American “ Tea Party ” groups for their response to Obama ’s ( supposed ) tax and health policies .
Examples are numerous , but I ’ll choose the one below from the Huffington Post ’s ( yeah I know – they ’re not necessarily wrong on everything ) 10 Most Offensive Tea Party Signs :
Personally I do n’t find it offensive , just stupid .
I ’m not , in giving this award , commenting on whether I think they are right or wrong on these issues , and perhaps opposition to higher taxes / health reform is n’t technically woo .
But their repeated comparisons of Obama to Hitler in place of any valid arguments to support their case , means in my view that they are woos .
They are getting the award for their ridiculous and repeated arguing their case by making comparisons of Obama to Hitler .
The most persistent refusal to face reality
The award goes to homeopath Thomas Sam , the who watched his daughter die of a curable disease while he repeatedly ignored what he was told by real doctors , to treat her only with magic water .
Of course , allowing his daughter to die that was was terrible , but understandable if you really believe in homeopathy , right ?
We all make mistakes , yes ?
Well maybe .
But Sam ’s persistent refusal to face reality can be seen in his words , spoken just after he had been found guilty of his daughter ’s manslaughter :
Conventional medicine would have prolonged her life ... with more misery .
It 's not going to cure her and that 's what I strongly believe .
Yeah , because conventional medicine ( you know , stuff that works ) would have been even worse .
Sure .
Moron .
The most ridiculous or bigoted act using religion as its justification
The award goes to Pope Ratzinger for arguing against condom use to prevent the spread of AIDS , as reported in Pope claims condoms could make African Aids crisis worse :
The pontiff said condoms were not the answer to the continent 's fight against HIV and Aids and could make the problem worse . [… ]
The timing of his remarks outraged health agencies trying to halt the spread of HIV and Aids in sub-Saharan Africa , where an estimated 22 million people are infected .
Rebecca Hodes , of the Treatment Action Campaign in South Africa , sums up why Ratzinger deserves this award :
[ Ratzinger ’s ] opposition to condoms conveys that religious dogma is more important to him than the lives of Africans . "
… Or anything else .
Finally , a new category this year :
The Occam
For the woo responsible for the most egregious violation of Occam ’s Razor .
An argument that violates Occam ’s Razor is not necessarily wrong , since Occam ’s Razor ca n’t prove something right or wrong .
But it is a principle that should not be violated without a very good reason .
If you do , it means you have invented some unnecessary entity or assumption that does not add anything to the explanation .
That is , your additional assumption does not explain anything any better , nor does it make any additional predictions , compared with the explanation that did not have the additional assumption .
Consequently , your additional assumption is not useful in any way ( so why make it ? ) .
The inaugural Occam goes to ( who else ) Deepak Chopra , for his insistence that the brain does not create the mind .
Discussed here , also speaking at an Indian Astrology Conference Western science is frozen in the superstition of materialism : Deepak Chopra ( the last link via PZ ) .
Chopra ’s “ everything that we call reality is in consciousness ” ( etc etc ) does not add anything to our understanding of consciousness , and does not make one single additional testable prediction compared with the hypothesis that does not include a non-material mind .
We may not ( yet ) fully understand consciousness , but Chopra ’s made up drivel does n’t help us understand anything .
That ’s it for this year .
Please link to any other woos you think deserve an honorable mention , in the comments .
January 2013 – Edited to add :
I just noticed that this post had been deleted somehow in 2012 .
I did have a copy saved that I was able to re-post , but unfortunately all the comments have been lost .
My apologies – there is nothing I can do about that .
If you want to read the comments , you can still see them via the Wayback Machine – click Golden Woos # 2 with comments to see them .
The survey has its limitations .
It is unclear exactly when the retired senior officers left the department , making it impossible to say whether any alleged manipulations came early on or had developed over years and across more than one mayoral administration .
The CompStat approach has been widely replicated across the country and has been credited with improving police work in many cities .
Image Rudolph W. Giuliani in 1995 with William J. Bratton , left , who instituted CompStat .
A police spokesman criticized a survey of hundreds of retired police officials .
Credit ... James Estrin for The New York Times
Also , the questionnaires did not set out to measure the frequency of any manipulation .
None of the respondents were asked to identify specific acts of misconduct , and none admitted to having done it themselves .
In addition , it was unclear whether the officials who said they were aware of unethical conduct had firsthand knowledge .
But the survey asked provocative questions and clearly elicited disturbing answers .
The retired members of the force were asked whether they were aware of changes to crime reports .
Of the 160 who indicated that they were , more than three - quarters said the changes were unethical .
Paul J. Browne , the Police Department ’s chief spokesman , who was provided a copy of the survey ’s summary Thursday , said that two other significant , independent and more comprehensive studies had been done in recent years analyzing the integrity of the city ’s crime statistics — one in 2006 by a New York University professor and another by the state comptroller ’s office — and that he had found them to be reliable and sound .
The report by the N.Y.U. professor , Dennis C. Smith , contained this assessment : “ We conclude , as did the state comptroller five years ago , that the city and department officials , and the public can be reasonably assured that the N.Y.P.D. data are accurate , complete and reliable . ”
The researchers in the new survey emphasized that the responses — the questionnaires were mailed in September 2008 and returned in early 2009 — showed that most of the senior officers believed that CompStat had been a valuable management innovation .
And even few department critics would seriously dispute that the city is much safer than it was in the early 1990s , with murders cut by nearly 80 percent and with neighborhoods , from the notoriously violent to the largely affluent , transformed .
Standing Up For Integrity In The Workplace
If you 're being subjected to unwanted sexual advances in the workplace , you need an advocate on your side who can stand up for your right to work in a safe and nonthreatening environment .
Whether you are being made to feel uncomfortable with jokes or graphic images on someone 's computer screen , or you are being pressured to make a professional relationship into a personal one , you do n't have to endure this treatment in order to make a living .
Boca Raton workplace rights attorney William Julien can help .
He will advise you on all aspects of your situation , from documenting the facts of the case to proving the full extent of your damages .
You do n't have to suffer in silence anymore .
You do n't have to endure sexual harassment in order to keep a job .
Defining Your Case
Most cases of sexual harassment fall into one of two categories : " Quid pro quo " sexual harassment , derived from the Latin phrase meaning " this for that , " happens when a co-worker , manager or supervisor pressure you to provide sexual favors in exchange for keeping your job , getting a promotion or raise , or avoiding disciplinary action or a demotion .
In some cases , the best solution to a case of quid pro quo sexual harassment will involve negotiating a substantial settlement or severance package as an alternative to litigation .
In the case of a hostile workplace , you may find it difficult to do your job because of an inappropriately sexualized environment .
This can manifest in many ways :
A co-worker or a supervisor may make persistent and suggestive remarks about your body or the way you dress , or touch you inappropriately .
Pornographic or otherwise offensive images and jokes may be allowed to circulate the office .
You may be asked overly personal questions about your sex or love life .
A co-worker or supervisor may email or text you suggestive messages .
Company functions may take place in inappropriate settings such as a strip club .
Facing Retaliation
Unfortunately , sometimes workers who complain about a hostile work environment will then find themselves the target of a retaliatory firing , demotion or other adverse employment action .
This may also happen to additional workers who are perceived to support the complaint .
Retaliation of this sort is against the law .
Lawsuits , therefore , can often address both the sexual harassment itself and the retaliatory action the employer may have taken in response to the victimized worker reporting the problem .
Protect Your Rights In The Workplace - Contact A Lawyer
At the Law Office of William M. Julien , P.A. , we investigate and pursue claims of sexual harassment promptly and aggressively .
We handle most cases on a contingency basis , so you owe no attorney fees unless we successfully resolve your case .
For a free , confidential consultation about your legal options if you are facing sexual harassment , contact Florida employee rights lawyer William Julien in Boca Raton using our online form , or call our office at 561-995-9990 ( 866-569-7398 toll free ) for your free initial consultation .
at
on
by Dan Long
Announcements !
The CONTEST ends February 12th .
Hunt those snowmen !
Edmund appears on Woody After Hours starting Monday .
Check it !
Some fear the dam could destroy traditional ways of life
A new hydroelectric plant has been inaugurated in Ethiopia - part of a controversial project on the Omo River .
Ethiopia hopes the cascade of dams will turn it from a country suffering crippling power cuts to a major electricity exporter .
But critics fear there will be consequences for the environment and for people living along the river .
The latest phase , Gilgel Gibe II , has the capacity to generate more than 400 megawatts of electricity .
The plant gets its water through an underground channel from the first Gilgel Gibe hydroelectric project , which is fed by the Omo River .
This is the second plant to be inaugurated in almost as many months .
And a few more projects are in the pipeline to ensure that the power shortages of last year never recur .
The next stage , Gilgel Gibe III , is expected to generate about 1,800 MW of power .
Ethiopia 's government wants the country to generate its own electricity and export it to the region .
The BBC's Uduak Amimo in Addis Ababa says Djibouti , Kenya and Sudan have already agreed to buy power from Ethiopia .
She says if all goes according to plan , electricity will overtake coffee as Ethiopia 's biggest export within the next decade .
In the video , Sheryl Ng lays out a bag of 2 % , a jug and a pair of scissors .
She runs through the milk drinker ’s skillset : the proper triangular cut , the cautious first pour , preventive measures to keep an overfull bag from collapsing .
Collectively , the viewing world outside Ontario leaned back in its seat and said , “ What .
The Hell .
Is that ? ”
“ My friends find it pretty amusing , because we all grew up in Toronto , ” Ng , a 22 - year - old York University student said .
“ We thought it was normal . ”
Apparently not .
Ontario , the world has seen your milk drinking habits , and the world now thinks you ’re a weirdo .
Ng posted her milk - drinking video as a way of illustrating the differences between Canadians and Americans .
They drink milk out of jugs .
We drink it out of bags .
She titled the whimsical instructional , “ Milk in bags , eh ? ”
When it went viral a couple of days ago , it was retitled “ How Canadians Drink Milk . ”
Any Albertan will tell you that is plain wrong .
On the popular Web aggregator Digg , feeling about Ng ’s milk expose is running strong .
Commenter sentiment ranges from ‘ Whaaaat ? ’ to ‘ Ew ’ .
A few Americans managed to make it a public health - care issue .
A few Canadians made it a We - hate - Toronto issue .
“ Only in Ontario , ” someone reassured the panicky herd .
“ They also cheer for the Leafs , so you can see where the problem begins . ”
They drink bagged milk in Quebec and the Maritimes .
But it rarely passes the other direction , across the Ontario / Manitoba border , unless it ’s packed away for a camping trip .
“ Ahem .
This … should read ‘ How East Coast Canadians Drink Mlk ’ , ” one uppity cowboy sniffed .
“ Out west we do it like normal people .
Carton or plastic jug . ”
Yeah , well , in Saskatchewan they think there are 12 beers in a “ case , ” so who are they to judge ?
Bagged milk also hits an impassable imaginary wall at the 49th parallel .
Almost uniformly , Americans are jug / carton people .
Wisconsinites , people who know something about dairy , buck that trend .
Among other forward - thinking nations that have warmed up to the plastic udder – South Africans , Argentines , Hungarians and Chinese .
Those latter also bag beer , which means we have some catching up to do .
The Soviets used milk bags , though central Europeans rushed to embrace the carton once the Wall came down .
For ten shekels , Israelis can buy a Kankomat – a bag - holder that includes its own cutting device .
The U.K. is in the midst of a painful switch to bags , driven by complaints that Britons refuse to recycle jugs .
When they first appeared a couple of years ago , the Daily Mail sounded the alarm : “ End of the milk bottle ?
Supermarket begins selling milk in a BAG . ”
In 1967 , DuPont debuted the milk bag in Canada using equipment developed in Europe .
The local dairy industry jumped on the change , happily abandoning the hassle of breakable glass bottles .
For a while , bag popularity lagged behind a new generation of reusable plastic jugs .
But bag adoption picked up speed in the mid-70s , spurred by the conversion from imperial measurement to metric .
Retrofitting a bag - making machine from a gallon to a litre was a matter of cutting the plastic in a different spot .
Resizing a plastic jug meant redesigning entire production lines .
All Ontario retailers made the switch by 1983 – except Becker ’s corner stores .
They doggedly clung to their trademark jugs , even after they were absorbed by Mac ’s Convenience .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ We still have a core group of customers who have a strong loyalty to the jug , ” said Mac ’s spokesperson , Bruce Watson .
Today , Mac ’s sells jugs and bags side - by - side .
The great early ‘ 80s bag migration was a matter of no little disruption at the time .
Everyone seemed happy buying jugs , and then returning them for a 25 cent deposit .
Kids especially .
Gen X got fat trading those empty jugs for candy .
At the time , manufacturers pointed out that bags are better at preserving milk .
Some finicky types still say they prefer the taste of milk in the carton .
Bags also use 75 per cent less plastic than jugs .
What killed the returnable jug system was your uncle ’s habit of storing gas or weed killer in it before returning it for washing and reuse .
“ I ran a store at the time , ” said Watson .
“ People did bizarre things to those jugs . ”
Today ’s jugs are shredded and recycled after a single use .
Drinkers discovered that milk in bags costs less than a comparable amount sold in a jug .
Mainly , that ’s got to do with economies of scale .
As bags began to dominate the market , the cost to manufacture single - use jugs jumped .
Today , you ca n’t find a young Ontarian who remembers that unhappy time when you risked a shoulder injury trying to get a drop of milk out of a 3 - quart jug .
Alain Lamarre , DuPont ’s marketing and sales manager for liquid packaging , estimates that 75 to 80 per cent of the milk sold in Ontario is bagged .
Across the entire country , about half of Canadian milk drinkers use bags .
The other half ?
They ’re still suspicious .
Like Stones / Beatles , this is an issue with the ability to divide families .
Ng ’s been buried under the response .
Enough American doubters piped up that she felt compelled to film a follow - up showing bagged milk at the supermarket , “ just to prove it really exists . ”
If they think that ’s discombobulating , the next entry is going to blow their minds .
“ Hey , everyone , ” she begins .
“ Today I ’m going to be showing you guys ketchup chips and dill pickle chips . ”
It does not take much in the way of powers of observation to see that anger against what we called “ the Establishment ” in the 1960s is rising .
A good deal is correctly focused on how banks have looted the taxpayer ; a lot of it is more inchoate but if anything even more virulent : anger about downward mobility , about the rising gap between the rich and everyone else .
Machiavelli warned that killing a man ’s father was a safer course of action than taking his partimony .
The American dream has two core precepts : first , that if you work hard , you can do well , and attain at least a middle class standard of living , second that your children can attain a better standard of living than you had .
Those are being turned on their head .
I met with a pollster yesterday , and he said he had never seen such a gap in attitudes in beliefs among those in the political elite versus those of the public at large , and he expected bad outcomes .
So I ’m not certain the news story du jour , courtesy Karl Denninger , would surprise him .
A plane crashed into a 7 story office building near Austin that had federal offices , including those of the IRS .
Denninger reports that CNBC says that the owner of the plane had burned down his house .
One website has a copy of what appears to be a lengthy note posted by one Joe Stack , who is reportedly suspected to be the pilot ; Denninger checked out the domain registration of the original site and it appears to fit .
The entire note is worth reading , but here is are some key sections :
If you ’re reading this , you ’re no doubt wondering , “ Why did this have to happen ? ” ….
The writing process started many months ago , was intended to be therapy in the face of the looming realization that there is n’t enough therapy in the world that can fix what is really broken …….
We are taught to believe as children that without laws there would be no society , only anarchy .
Sadly , starting at early ages we in this country have been brainwashed to believe that , in return for our dedication and service , the government stands for justice for all .
We are further brainwashed to believe that there is freedom in this place and that we should be ready to lay down our lives for the noble principals represented by its founding fathers .
Remember ?
One of those was “ no taxation without representation ” … .
Why is it that a handful of thugs and plunders can commit unthinkable atrocities ( and in the case of GM executives , for scores of years ) and when it ’s time for their gravy train to crash under the weight of their gluttony and overwhelming stupidity , the force of the full federal government has not difficulty coming to their aid within days , if not hours ?
Yet as the same time , the joke we call the American medical system , including the drug and insurance companies , are murdering tens of thousands of people a year and stealing from the corpses and victims they cripple , and this country ’s leaders do n’t see this as important as bailing out a few of their vile , rich cronies .
Yet the political “ representatives ” ( thieves , liars , and self - serving scumbags is far more accurate ) have endless time to sit around year after year and debate the stat of the “ terrible health care problem ” .
Per Joe , his problems started with a run-in with the IRS , when he and some of his friends , with the advice of tax attorneys , began making use of exemptions “ that make institutions like the vulgar , corrupt Catholic Church so incredibly wealthy ” .
Um , the Catholic Church IS a wealthy institution , but yes , tax breaks help keep it that way .
This proved to be a costly lesson .
A tax law change in 1986 worked to the disadvantage of independent software contractors like him .
He does not say precisely how , but he is clear that he spent a lot of time trying to get the new rule overturned .
He also suffered in the economic downdrafts ( the early 1990s recession and the dot - bomb era ) and went through a divorce .
This is how his piece ends :
I know I ’m hardly the first one to decide I have had all I can stand .
It has always been a myth that people have stopped dying for their freedom in this country , and it is n’t limited to the blacks , and poor immigrants .
I know there have been countless before me and there are sure to be as many after .
But I also know that by not adding my body to the count , I insure nothing will change .
I choose to not keep looking over my shoulder at “ big brother ” while he strips my carcass , I choose not to ignore what is going on all around me , I choose not to pretend that business as usual wo n’t continue ; I have just had enough ….. I am finally ready to stop this insanity .
Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let ’s try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well .
Note that he sees his violent response to his economic plight as a political act , a blow for freedom .
I am certainly not advocating this course of action .
But others start connecting at least some of the dots this way , seeing their financial stresses not as the result of bad luck or lack of sufficient effort , but as an indictment of the system .
Given the breakdown of communities ( for instance , the fall in involvement in local civic groups and shortened job tenures , both of which lead to weaker social ties and greater isolation ) , the odds that the disaffected will turn to violence is greater than in past periods of stress .
A Scottish brewer appears to have torpedoed a German rival 's claim to the world 's strongest beer , by bottling a " quadruple IPA " weighing in at a liver - bashing 41 per cent ABV .
Just weeks after German outfit Schorschbrau floated its 40 per cent Schorschbock , Aberdeenshire hop - botherer BrewDog has counterattacked with the provocatively - named Sink The Bismarck !
BrewDog MD James
Watt , pictured above ( r ) with fellow beermeister Martin Dickie ( l ) , said : " In true BrewDog fashion we 've torn up convention , blurred distinctions and pushed brewing to its limits with this audacious amplified ale . "
The company 's website notes : " By pushing the boundaries in brewing we can highlight all that is exciting about craft beer and make more people aware that an alternative to mass market beers exist .
As a company , responsible consumption and better education about beer is ingrained in all we do .
" Beer has a terrible reputation in Britain , it ’s ignorant to assume that a beer ca n’t be enjoyed responsibly like a nice dram or a glass of fine wine .
A beer like Sink the Bismarck ! should be enjoyed in spirit sized measures . "
Well , at £ 40 for a 330 ml bottle , we doubt anyone will be quaffing a Sink the Bismarck !
like Saturday night fighting lager .
If you like your beer " officially cranked up to 11 " and have the stomach and wallet to handle it , Sink the Bismarck !
is available only online , right here . ®
Bootnote
The Sink The Bismarck !
moniker will doubtless remind beer fans of Kent brewer Shepherd Neame 's 1999 campaign for its Spitfire Ale , which included this gem :
Photo : Jake Chessum
Such big accessories !
My bag was a really special purchase .
I work with this woman at Louis Vuitton — she picks things out for me , sends pictures , and tells me to pick what I like .
She called one day and was like , “ I picked a bag for you , and I ’m sending it to your house because I know you ’re going to love it . ”
I think it ’s called the Stratus .
How old are you ?
I ’m 26 .
Was the bag expensive ?
Yes — about $ 3,500 .
I guess a lot of craftsmanship goes into it .
Accessories for me are the key .
I have about twenty bags , and I do n’t know how many shoes .
But they ’re Vuitton , they ’re Versace , they ’re Gucci , and they ’re Dior .
And your sunglasses ?
They ’re D&G . I was really excited to find them .
They ’re wild and crazy and different .
What do you do for a living ?
I work in private equity .
I love the sector that I work in , which is the consumer and retail group .
It ’s an area that I ’m passionate about .
I love to consume .
Consuming is my specialty .
You picked the right career .
I ’m going to Harvard Business School in September .
Moving is definitely going to be the most difficult part of the experience .
A little less than a year ago , the Linux Foundation launched a program to provide a variety of training opportunities for Linux professionals .
Just a few months later , the Foundation moved the program online , offering web - based sessions of select courses to reach a wider audience .
On Tuesday , they took it one step further , announcing the free — as in beer — Linux Training Webinar Series .
The idea behind the Linux Foundation Training Program was to offer job training that would help fill the continuing demand for Linux professionals .
The courses would be taught not by professors or lecturers , but by actual Linux developers , including the Foundation 's Technical Advisory Board which boasts names like Ted Ts'o , Jonathan Corbet , Alan Cox , and Chris Wright , among others .
The first courses were held on - site at Linux Foundation events , including the inaugural event at the annual Collaboration Summit , as well as independent sessions in various cities and corporate - sponsored training .
With the success of the Collaboration Summit sessions , the Foundation branched out , offering the same classes taught by the same faculty , but in a Virtual Classroom setting .
The courses — which the Foundation will continue to offer — last from two to five days , and run anywhere from $ 1,200 ( for two days ) to $ 2,750 ( for five days ) .
The new classes , designated the Linux Training Webinar Series , will provide an introduction to the basics of Linux , from tuning and file systems to community interaction .
Instructors will continue to include prominent Linux developers , including TAB members .
Foundation Executive Director Jim Zemlin described the program as " connect[ing ] developers and users with the rock - stars of Linux ... to expand the talent pool for Linux . "
A number of courses have already been arranged , beginning with Jon Corbet 's How to Work with the Linux community on March 1st .
Other sessions will include Linux Performance Tuning with Ted Ts’o , Christoph Hellwig 's A Linux Filesystem Overview , James Bottomley presenting An Introduction to Git , and “ Btrfs : An Intro and Update from Chris Mason .
Registration has already opened for Corbet 's course , and those interested in other offerings can sign up to be notified as more information becomes available .
Additionally , the Foundation released its Winter / Spring 2010 course catalog for its Classroom , Virtual Classroom , and On - Site training programs .
Developer sessions will include Developing Applications For Linux , Embedded Linux Development , Developing with GIT , Linux Kernel Internals and Debugging , and Developing Linux Device Drivers , with Linux Performance Tuning announced for the administration track .
More information on all of the Linux Foundation 's training opportunities is available from training.linuxfoundation.org .
Well , here 's a tiny mystery of sorts that 's emerged amidst all the hubbub of CES .
As the Korea Herald reports , LG CEO Nam Yong reportedly said yesterday that while LG will have smart phones running on Windows Mobile , " about 50 percent of our smart phone models will run on Android . "
Now , that 's not so hard to believe considering the number of LG Android phones we 've already seen or heard about , but it is fairly surprising in light of the deal LG and Microsoft announced back at MWC last year , which supposedly made Windows Mobile LG 's " primary smartphone OS . "
Obviously , something does n't quite add up here , unless by " about half , " LG actually means " less than half " -- which seems to be a distinct possibility .
[ Thanks , Jules ]
Former VP says ‘ I was a big supporter ’ of waterboarding , other torture techniques
Waterboarding should have been an option for the failed Christmas Day bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmuttalab , former Vice President Dick Cheney says .
“ I think you ought to have all of those capabilities on the table , ” Cheney told ABC ’s Jonathan Karl Sunday .
ADVERTISEMENT
Cheney also said he opposed the Obama administration ’s ban on waterboarding .
“ He announced when he came in last year that they would never use anything other than the U.S.
Army manual , which does n’t include those techniques , ” Cheney said .
“ I think that ’s a mistake . ”
He went on to address his feelings about his own administration officially doing away with waterboarding policy during Bush ’s second term .
“ I was a big supporter of waterboarding .
I was a big supporter of the enhanced interrogation techniques , ” he said .
Over the course of the interview Cheney also commented on several current news stories .
ADVERTISEMENT
He said it is time to reconsider the military ’s “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy for gays and lesbians in the armed services .
He declined to support a 2012 presidential bid by Sarah Palin .
And he is a “ complete supporter ” of Obama ’s Afghanistan policy , but Joe Biden is “ dead wrong ” on terrorism .
A complete transcript of Cheney ’s interview with Jonathan Karl is available here .
This video is from ABC’s This Week , broadcast Feb. 14 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
The average American consumes more than his or her weight in products each day , fuelling a global culture of excess that is emerging as the biggest threat to the planet , according to a report published today .
In its annual report , Worldwatch Institute says the cult of consumption and greed could wipe out any gains from government action on climate change or a shift to a clean energy economy .
Erik Assadourian , the project director who led a team of 35 behind the report , said : " Until we recognise that our environmental problems , from climate change to deforestation to species loss , are driven by unsustainable habits , we will not be able to solve the ecological crises that threaten to wash over civilisation . "
The world 's population is burning through the planet 's resources at a reckless rate , the US thinktank said .
In the last decade , consumption of goods and services rose 28 % to $ 30.5tn ( £ 18.8tn ) .
The consumer culture is no longer a mostly American habit but is spreading across the planet .
Over the last 50 years , excess has been adopted as a symbol of success in developing countries from Brazil to India to China , the report said .
China this week overtook the US as the world 's top car market .
It is already the biggest producer of greenhouse gas emissions .
Such trends were not a natural consequence of economic growth , the report said , but the result of deliberate efforts by businesses to win over consumers .
Products such as the hamburger – dismissed as an unwholesome food for the poor at the beginning of the 20th century – and bottled water are now commonplace .
The average western family spends more on their pet than is spent by a human in Bangladesh .
The report did note encouraging signs of a shift away from the high spend culture .
It said school meals programmes marked greater efforts to encourage healthier eating habits among children .
The younger generation was also more aware of their impact on the environment .
There has to be a wholesale transformation of values and attitudes , the report said .
At current rates of consumption , the world needs to erect 24 wind turbines an hour to produce enough energy to replace fossil fuel .
" We 've seen some encouraging efforts to combat the world 's climate crisis in the past few years , " said Assadourian .
" But making policy and technology changes while keeping cultures centred on consumerism and growth can only go so far .
" If we do n't shift our very culture there will be new crises we have to face .
Ultimately , consumerism is not going to be viable as the world population grows by 2bn and as more countries grow in economic power . "
In the preface to the report , Worldwatch Institute 's president , Christopher Flavin , writes : " As the world struggles to recover from the most serious global economic crisis since the Great Depression , we have an unprecedented opportunity to turn away from consumerism .
In the end , the human instinct for survival must triumph over the urge to consume at any cost . "
• This article was amended on Wednesday 13 January 2010 .
We said " In the last decade , consumption of goods and services rose 28 % to $ 30.5tn ( £ 18.8 bn ) " .
We meant £ 18.8tn .
This has been corrected .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
WASHINGTON — US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Wednesday that Iran 's continuing refusal to provide more information on its nuclear program has left the international community " little choice " but to impose new , tough sanctions on Teheran .
In congressional testimony , Clinton said Iran 's failure to accept the Obama administration 's offers of engagement and prove its nuclear intentions are peaceful had given the US and its partners new resolve in pressuring Teheran to comply with international demands through fresh penalties .
" We have pursued a dual - track approach to Iran that has exposed its refusal to live up to its responsibilities and helped us achieve a new unity with our international partners , " she told the Senate Appropriations Committee .
" Iran has left the international community little choice but to impose greater costs and pressure in the face of its provocative steps , " Clinton said .
" We are now working actively with our partners to prepare and implement new measures to pressure Iran to change its course .
" The US and others believe Iran is hiding nuclear weapons development under the guise of a civilian energy program .
Iran insists that its intentions are peaceful .
Clinton addressed the possibility that Congress may impose its own sanctions on Iran , besides those the US is seeking through the United Nations Security Council .
If Congress does that , Clinton said , it should leave the administration enough flexibility to continue the separate UN track .
Congressional sanctions might be tougher than any the United States could win international approval for at the UN , but the United States wants international backing for its tough stance against Iran and sees the UN penalties as a powerful symbol of world resolve against an Iranian bomb .
Clinton was in Congress to present the administration 's 2011 budget request for the State Department and the US Agency for International Development of $ 52.8 billion , which if approved by Congress would be a $ 4.9 billion increase over the current budget .
Most of the extra money is set to support US efforts in three countries : Afghanistan , Pakistan and Iraq .
Iran has formally set out its terms for giving up most of its cache of enriched uranium in a confidential document — and the conditions fall short of what has been demanded by the United States and other world powers .
Washington has dismissed the document — seen by The Associated Press onTuesday — as a " red herring " and warned it would consult with itsallies on new penalties on Iran to punish it for its nuclear defiance .
The document says Teheran is ready to hand over the bulk of itsstockpile , as called for under a deal brokered by the InternationalAtomic Energy Agency and endorsed by the five permanent UN SecurityCouncil members and Germany .
But Iran adds that it must simultaneously receive fuel rods for itsresearch reactor in return , and that such an exchange must take placeon Iranian territory .
The Iranian offer was sure to be rejected by the six powers , which havewaited for nearly six months for such an official answer .
move start
Click on a feature for details .
Click or drag in the base position track to zoom in .
Click side bars for track options .
Drag side bars or labels up or down to reorder tracks .
Drag tracks left or right to new position .
Press " ? " for keyboard shortcuts .
move end
I think it 's fair to say that more than a few of us saw this coming .
Ottawa Senators goalie coach Eli Wilson was fired today after being with the team since the 2007 - 08 season .
Somewhat coincidentally , that 's about the time that everything started to go wrong for the Ottawa Senators .
The Sens have not had a solid net presence since that time ( or before it , really ) , and it was only a matter of time before Eli was fired .
The final nail in the coffin was the poor play of Pascal Leclaire , who presumably should be playing better given his history of solid goaltending .
Bryan Murray had the following to say :
" Performance of the goaltenders in the organization had everything to do with it .
I think Eli was a hard worker and paid a lot attention to it , but for some reason , both at the NHL level and American league level , we felt that the goaltenders were n’t where we thought they were going to be and where they have shown they can be . "
No word yet on who his replacement will be , but we 'll keep you posted .
Also , check back tomorrow for a full examination of the current goaltending conundrum , including a statistical comparison of our current goaltenders to some of the worst goalie performances in Senators history to see where they stand .
Who says that widgets can only be used for small , trivial apps ?
Certainly not Developer Relations ' own Vadim Makeev , who took the open source , web - based , JavaScript - driven SVG - edit project and turned it into an amazing standalone widget that can hold its own against traditional desktop applications .
Widgets have been a part of Opera for a long time , but traditionally they required the browser to be running .
In Opera 10.50 beta , we effectively decoupled the widget engine , allowing for standalone widgets that install and run just like native applications .
SVG Edit by Pepelsbey ( requires Opera 10.50 beta )
Key features of the widget include :
Comprehensive set of tools for vector drawing
Inclusion of raster graphics
Ability to load and save local SVG files
Layers ( new in version 2.4 )
User interface localization ( with more languages planned for version 2.5 )
For a list of issues and feature request , see http://code.google.com/p/svg-edit/issues/list
You can have an exclusive sneak - peek at the next version of SVG - edit , directly in your browser , at http://svg-edit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/editor/svg-editor.html
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Rep .
Tom Perriello won one of the most celebrated upsets of 2008 , narrowly defeating incumbent Republican Virgil Goode to represent Virginia ’s 5th District , an historically red district that Obama lost by 2.5 percent .
Since then he has voted against the Democrats on a few high - profile issues — he voted against Obama ’s budget — but with them on the biggest ones : the stimulus bill , the health - care reform bill , and the American Clean Energy & Security Act ( ACES ) , also known as the Waxman - Markey bill .
Conventional wisdom says that those votes have left Perriello highly vulnerable in 2010 — he’s on the Rothenberg Report ’s “ Dangerous Dozen ” list — but the latest polling shows him neck - and - neck with likely opponent Robert Hurt .
( Tea Party types unhappy with Hurt are reportedly encouraging Goode to jump in the race as an Independent , which could split the conservative vote . )
The way Perriello sees it , voters respect him for doing what he thinks is right and standing behind it , even when they disagree .
As I discovered when I talked to him on Tuesday , his alleged vulnerability has done nothing to suppress his fighting spirit .
Q. If it came to the floor today , would you vote for ACES again ?
A. I would vote for any aggressive energy - independence effort .
This is the challenge of our time — the jobs opportunity , the national security challenge , the scientific challenge of our era .
Any plan that uses market forces to signal a carbon - constrained environment is going to move us in the right direction .
People who do n’t support this kind of aggressive energy independence are just selling Americans short .
Q. Nothing has changed your mind since that original vote ?
A . Well , I always preferred a tax shift with a major reimbursement on payroll taxes as a cleaner and clearer way to do it .
I think there are plenty of better ways we could have written the bill .
But you show me a way to get to 218 [ votes ] on a victory for America ’s energy independence and national security and I ’ll be there .
Q . There ’s been some criticism of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for holding the vote on ACES so early in the session , before the Senate had its ducks in a row .
Do you think that was the right decision ?
A . If we were going to wait for the Senate to do anything , we would do nothing .
This stuff should have been done 10 to 20 years ago .
We ’re so far behind China , Europe , and other areas in the energy jobs of the future because neither party has had the guts to take this on .
There are so many spineless people in D.C.
To me , the new politics — “ change we can believe in ” — was about starting with what would solve our problems , not what would get us reelected .
Whether you do it early or late is not the issue .
The issue is , is this going to make America more competitive and safer ?
I think it will .
Q . If the bill went through the Senate as fast as it went through the House , Democrats would be touting their victory .
Instead , Democrats who voted for it in the House have the vote to defend but no victory to point to .
They ’ve kind of been left hanging .
Is there anger in the House toward the Senate right now ?
A . That ’s insider baseball stuff .
The American people respect results : they want jobs , they want the country to be safer .
The House has produced a historic agenda in that regard , and the Senate has n’t .
But it ’s not about pointing fingers ; it ’s about getting it done .
One of the reasons why it made sense to move quickly is there ’s a tremendous amount of capital on Wall Street and elsewhere waiting to invest in energy .
When I talk to investors , they say , “ We need predictability . ”
Whether it ’s financial regs or energy independence or the jobs bill , they ’re saying , “ Look , if you tell us what the rules are going to be , we ’ll go do what we do best , which is create jobs and make profits .
But we ca n’t do that until you act . ”
So it ’s less important to get some hypothetically perfect rules than to create the certainty that allows investors and innovators to move forward .
Every week the Senate does n’t act , it either freezes that investment and innovation or it sends it overseas .
We ’re giving up jobs .
The Senate — the ridiculous tactics of the Republicans and the timidity of the Democrats — is standing in the way of the kind of job creation we need .
Q. Back in October , Sen. Lindsey Graham [ R - S.C. ] — who ’s now helping to craft a climate and energy bill in the Senate — said , “ What I ’m trying to do is make sure the Waxman - Markey bill from the House is dead . ”
ACES seems to have gotten a reputation as a wildly liberal bill .
Do you think that ’s accurate ?
If not , why do you think that House Dems have so lost the messaging battle ?
A. Keep in mind that cap - and - trade is a Republican idea .
It was a good idea when the Republicans came up with it and it continues to be when Democrats support it .
It ’s a good idea because it uses capitalism to solve a core problem .
When Republicans are honest with themselves — many of them come up to me and say , “ Look , I ’d love to support it , I know this is the right approach , but if I do this I ’ll have a primary challenger tomorrow . ”
That ’s not conviction politics .
That ’s spinelessness .
There ’s a lot of posturing that goes on up here .
[ ACES ] is actually a very gradual phase - in ; it ’s low caps ; it ’s generous support to the utilities , which frankly I would have liked see go to consumers .
Unfortunately , good ideas , ideas that could save our country , sometimes take 30 minutes to explain and only 30 seconds to demagogue .
In between those two things is leadership , and we have n’t had the moral courage to take this on .
The people in the House who stood up and said , “ Hey , this is what ’s right for our country ” – that ’s the leadership people want .
That ’s why , if you look in a district like mine that you would think would be a disaster , it ’s actually been a positive .
The people respect the conviction of it .
We ’re making the [ clean ] energy economy real in southern Virginia .
We have our dairy farmers and poultry farmers in on it .
We have our municipal electric utilities part of it .
We have small businesses that are headed to the next big car , the big battery –this is what we do better than anyone else .
True bipartisanship in Washington is bipartisan support for bailing out failure in Wall Street instead of standing up for workers and innovation .
Cap - and - trade was a real shock to the Washington insider system that ’s used to being able to block anything that challenges the status quo .
We ’ve seen the full weight of corporate capture of government , its ability to buy its way into a message victory .
Q. One of the options being floated in the Senate is to strip the cap - and - trade part out and pass an energy - only bill .
If a bill like that came back to the House , do you think it could get through ?
A . That ’s more insider baseball crap .
I do n’t really care .
I ’m sick of starting with what can we get through the Senate ; let ’s start with what solves the damn problem .
Until the Senate gets its head out of its rear - end and starts to see the crisis we ’re in , our country is literally at risk .
Our economy is at risk , because these jobs are being created overseas .
It should have the same urgency with this problem that it had bailing out Wall Street .
We are swearing an oath to do what ’s necessary to protect this country , not do what ’s necessary to get a bill through the Senate .
If you look at what voters were upset with on the health - care bill , it was all the carve - outs and exemptions and watering it down .
Voters are smart ; they know that the House bill stood up to the health insurance companies and the Senate bill did n’t .
The same thing is true here :
If they respect that the bill is actually going to transform our economy , make us more competitive and more independent , they ’ll support it .
If it seems like it ’s just a sell - out to the big donors from the oil and gas companies , they wo n’t support it .
That ’s the question that we should be asking :
Does this solve the problem ?
Is this a solution worthy of the American people ?
And if it is , then great ; let ’s move forward with it .
Read more interviews with members of Congress :
Saturday
10 a.m .
3 ) BREAKFAST , RETRO -STYLE
The Standard Grill is tucked under the High Line at the base of the Standard Hotel ( 848 Washington Street at West 13th Street ; 212-645-4100 ; www.thestandardgrill.com).
Despite the hotel ’s Brutalism - Meets - Miami -Beach exterior , the dining room is pure retro : a tile - vaulted ceiling , penny ( as in real pennies ) floor , red leather banquettes .
The menu is pleasingly retro , too :
Try warm cinnamon - and - sugar - crusted doughnuts made on the spot  3 for $ 6  or maybe ultra-sweet French toast with bananas and rum sauce , $ 10 .
Image The Metropolitan Opera . Credit ... Josh Haner / The New York Times
11 a.m .
4 ) WALK ALONG THE TRACKS
Just down the block at the corner of Gansevoort and Washington Streets are the southernmost stairs to the High Line , the immensely popular linear park created on what was once an abandoned freight rail line .
After a decade - long effort , the first section of the park ( running from Gansevoort to 20th Street ) opened in June ; on summer weekends as many as 20,000 people a day visited .
Winter brings the walkway a quieter , almost derelict beauty , with bare tree limbs and the seed heads of grasses swaying in the wind off the Hudson .
Winter hours are from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. ; www.thehighline.org.
1 p.m .
5 ) BROOKLYN BOUTIQUES
Once known as the city of churches , Brooklyn these days might be called the borough of boutiques .
For a taste of the local aesthetic , check out Court Street in the Cobble Hill neighborhood ( take the 2/3 or 4/5 trains to Borough Hall and then walk south along Court to Atlantic ) .
At Serene Rose ( 200 Court ; 718-522-5927 ; www.serenerose.com), a dangly pair of earrings hand crocheted from gold - filled wire ( $ 140 ) would be the perfect accent to one of the party frocks .
Tiny Fork & Pencil ( 221a Court ; 718-488-8855 ; forkandpencil.com ) sells housewares , toys and antiques .
The proceeds go to support local charities .
Papél New York ( 225 Court ; 718-422-0255 ; papelnewyork.com ) sells sleek paper goods , including sheets of wrapping paper ( $ 2.50 to $ 3 a sheet ) that will class up even the smallest of gifts .
Need to refuel ?
The Stumptown Coffee at Cafe Pedlar ( 210 Court ; 718-855-7129 ; cafepedlar.com ) is roasted nearby in Red Hook , and you can pick up a bag of Hair Bender blend beans ( $ 12 for 12 ounces ) along with your espresso ( $ 2.50 ) .
Or stop at the Chocolate Room ( 269 Court ; 718-246-2600 ; www.thechocolateroombrooklyn.com), which sells its own homemade chocolate caramel popcorn ( $ 4.50 for a quarter - pound bag ) .
8 p.m.
6 ) SEAFOOD ON THE PARK
Sleek and highly polished , Marea ( 240 Central Park South ; 212-582-5100 ; www.marea-nyc.com), in the old San Domenico space just east of Columbus Circle , is like some movie version of New York except , yes , that really is a fallen mogul pitching new investors at the table next to yours .
The menu is devoted to an Italian spin on fish .
Share an order of the unctuous ricci ( sea urchin , lardo and sea salt draped bruschetta - like over toast ; $ 15 ) , then choose among the crudo ( raw fish ) , oysters and antipasti .
For a main course you can get a whole fish roasted or sautéed , then choose your sauce ( the limone is good with the Dover sole ) and side dish .
The four - course prix fixe is $ 89 .
10 p.m .
7 ) COCKTAILS AND CODES
If you ’re talking cocktails in New York these days , you need to know two words : speakeasy and artisanal .
Behind hidden entrances requiring secret codes , bartenders are mixing up concoctions with names like Corpse Reviver No. 2 ( gin , Cointreau , Lillet Blanc , lemon and absinthe ) that only seem old - fashioned .
That particular drink ( $ 13 ) is assembled by the garter - sleeved bartenders at Little Branch ( 20 Seventh Avenue South at Leroy Street ; 212-929-4360 ) .
Cash only .
It seems that Alicia Keys is not just an expert on " wreckless love , " teenage affairs and fallin ' for a special someone - she 's also got the inside scoop on the conspiracy at the heart of American hip - hop .
Gangsta rap was a " ploy to convince black people to kill each other , " the singer has claimed in an interview with Blender magazine .
While most people see Ice T and Dr Dre merely as musicians prone to bragging about their sexual conquests , Keys insists they were instruments of mysterious puppetmasters who exist to perpetuate the rap community 's strife .
Keys also asserts in the interview that the late - 90s feud between east and west coast hip - hop was created by shadowy figures in government .
The deaths of Notorious BIG and Tupac Shakur were part and parcel of this plan , an attempt " to stop another great black leader from existing , " she told Blender .
Keys is n't afraid of entering politics herself , presumably to put a stop to all this sort of thing .
" Some of the greatest artists did their best work when they got political , " she told Blender .
" If Malcolm [ X ] or Huey [ P. Newton ] had the outlets our musicians have today , it'd be global .
I have to figure out a way to do it myself . "
The singer considers herself an anarchist , and indeed the New York police department revealed last year that they had Keys under observation in the lead - up to the 2004 Republican National Convention , fearing " anarchist actions " .
Though there 's no sign that Keys has joined a revolutionary commune or taken to donning a black balaclava , she has , er , donated a whole $ 500 to the US Democratic party .
And what could be more anarchist than that ?
Nevertheless , nobody should doubt the strength of Alicia Keys ' convictions .
Her fervour is symbolised in the pendant she wears around her neck .
It 's not a pretty star or a broken heart , a unicorn or a rainbow .
It 's instead an AK - 47 machine gun .
Made of solid gold .
And , um , what does it symbolise ?
" Strength , power and killing 'em dead . "
Hurrah for speaking truth to power .
http://www.missingkidsmap.com/read.php?state=CA
ZZ
< locations > < maplocation zoom = " 5 " state_long= " - 119.838867 " state_lat = " 37.370157 " /> < location id = " 1 " firstname = " Anastasia " lastname= " Shearer " picture= " img width=160 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1140669c1.jpg " picture2 =" img width=160 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1140669e1.jpg " medpic = " img width=60 border=0 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1140669c1.jpg " smallpic= " img width=30 border=0 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1140669c1.jpg " policenum =" 1-661-861-3110 " policeadd = " Kern County Sheriff \'s Office ( California ) " policenum2= " " policeadd2= " " st= " CA " city = " BAKERSFIELD " missing =
" 12/26/2009 " status= " Endangered Runaway " age = " 16 " url = " 1140669 " lat= " 35.3733333333333 " lng= " - 119.017777777778 " /> ... </locations >
SELECT * From xml
Where url= ' http://www.missingkidsmap.com/read.php?state=ZZ'
{ " query " : { " count " : " 1 " , " created " : " 2010-02-19T07:30:44Z " , " lang " : " en - US " , " updated " : " 2010-02-19T07:30:44Z " , " uri " : " http://query.yahooapis.com/v1/yql?q=SELECT+*+From+xml%0A+Where+url%3D%27http%3A%2F%2Fwww.missingkidsmap.com%2Fread.php%3Fstate%3DZZ%27 " , " results " : { " locations " : { " maplocation " : { " state_lat " : " 40.313043 " , " state_long " : " - 94.130859 " , " zoom " : " 4 " } , " location " : [{ " age " : " 7 " , " city " : " OMAHA " , " firstname " : " Christopher " , " id " : " Szczepanik " , " lastname " : " Szczepanik " , " lat " : " 41.2586111111111 " , " lng " : " - 95.9375 " , " medpic " : " img width=60 border=0 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1141175c1.jpg " , " missing " : " 12/14/2009 " , " picture " : " img width=160 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1141175c1.jpg " , " picture2 " : " " , " policeadd " : " Omaha Police Department ( Nebraska ) " , " policeadd2 " : " " , " policenum " : " 1-402-444-5600 " , " policenum2 " : " " , " smallpic " : " img width=30 border=0 target=_new src=http://www.missingkids.com/photographs/NCMC1141175c1.jpg " , " st " : " NE " , " status " : " Missing " , " url " : " 1141175 " } , ... ] } } } }
$ json = http_get ( $missing_kids_url ) ; $o = json_decode ( $ json , 1 ) ; $ children = $ o [ ' query ' ] [ ' results ' ] [ ' locations ' ] [ ' location ' ] ; $ child = array_rand ( $ children ) ; print_404 ( $ child ) ;
http_get
curl_multi
print_404
$ child
location
function print_404 ( $ child ) { $ img = preg_replace ( '/.* src=(.* ) /' , ' $ 1 ' , $ child [ " medpic " ] ) ; $ name = $ child [ " firstname " ] . " " . $ child [ " lastname " ] ; $ age = $ child [ ' age ' ] ; $ since = strtotime ( preg_replace ( ' | ( \d\d ) / ( \d\d ) / ( \d\d\d\d ) | ' , ' $ 3 - $ 1 - $ 2 ' , $ child [ ' missing ' ] ) ) ; if ( $age == 0 ) { $ age = ceil ( ( time ( ) - $ since )/60/60/24/30 ) ; $ age .= ' month ' ; } else $ age .= ' year ' ; $ city = $ child [ ' city ' ] ; $ state = $ child [ 'st ' ] ; $ status = $ child [ ' status ' ] ; $ police = $ child [ ' policeadd ' ] . " at " . $ child [ ' policenum ' ] ; header ( ' HTTP /1.0 404 Not Found ' ) ; ?> < html > < head > ... < p > < strong > Sorry , the page you 're trying to find is missing .</ strong > </p> < p >
We may not be able to find the page , but perhaps you could help find this missing child : </ p> < div style = " text - align : center ; " > < img style = " width :320 px ; padding : 1em ; " alt= " <? php echo $ name ? > " src= " <? php echo $img ? >" >< br> < div style = " text - align : left ; " > <? php echo $ age ?> old <? php echo $ name ?> , from <? php echo " $ city , $ state " ?> missing since <? php echo strftime ( " %B %e , %Y " , $ since ) ; ?>.< br> < strong > Status :</ strong > <? php echo $ status ?>.< br> < strong >
If found , please contact </ strong > <? php echo $ police ?>< br> </div> </div > ... </ body > </html > <? php }
ErrorDocument 404 /404.php
It 's been a long time since I last posted , and unfortunately I 've been unable to churn out a post every week .
The month of February has been filled with travel , so I have n't had much time to write .
My report on FOSDEM is up on the YDN blog , so I have n't been completely dormant .
I also did some stuff at our internal hack day last week .
This post is about one of my hacks .
The idea is quite simple .
People land up on 404 pages all the time .
404 pages are pages that have either gone missing , or were never there to begin with .
404 is the HTTP error code for a missing resource .
Most 404 pages are quite bland , simply stating that the requested resource was not found , and that 's it .
Back when I worked at NCST , I changed the default 404 page to use a local site search based on the requested URL .
I used the namazu search engine since I was working on it at the time .
This time I decided to do something different .
Instead of searching the local site for a missing resource , why not engage the user in trying to find missing kids .
I started with trying to find an API for missingkids.com and ended up finding missingkidsmap.com .
This service takes the data from Missing Kids and puts it on a google map .
The cool thing about the service was that it could return data as XML .
Looking through the source code , I found the data URL : The state code is a two letter code for states in the US and Canada .
To get all kids , just pass inas the state code .
The data returned looks like this :
Now I could keep hitting this URL for every 404 , but I did n't want to kill their servers , so I decided to pass the URL through YQL and let them cache the data .
Of course , now that I was passing it through YQL , I could also do some data transformation and get it out as JSON instead of XML .
I ended up with this YQL statement : Pass that through the YQL console to get the URL you should use .
The JSON I got back looked like this : Step 2 was to figure out whether the visitor was from the US and Canada , and if so , figure out which state they were from and pass that state code to the URL .
This is fairly easy to do at Yahoo !.
Not so much on the outside , so I 'm going to leave it to you to figure it out ( and please let me know when you do ) .
In any case , my code looked like this : is a function I wrote that wraps aroundto fetch and cache locally a URL .
is the function that prints out the HTML for the 404 page using thedata object .
The object 's structure is the same as each of theelements in the JSON above .
The important parts of print_404 are : Add in your own CSS and page header , and you 've got missing kids on your 404 page .
The last thing to do is to tell apache to use this script as your 404 handler .
To do that , put the page ( I call it 404. php ) into your document root , and put this into your apache config ( or in a .htaccess file ) : Restart apache and you 're done .
To see it in action , visit a missing page on my website .
eg : http://bluesmoon.info/foobar
The code is now on github : http://github.com/bluesmoon/404kids
Scott Hanselman has a Javascript implementation on his blog .
There 's now a drupal module for this .
Kevin Smith has unleashed a tirade on Twitter after being told by Southwest Airlines that he was a ' safety concern '
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
In the age of micro- blogging it will never be a wise move to bar an outspoken and popular filmmaker from a passenger aeroplane because of his size .
Having done just that to Kevin Smith , who is the director of films such as Clerks and Chasing Amy , Southwest Airlines was forced into hasty public apology after he handed out a severe Twitter - lashing to the airline and mobilised complaints from his 1.64 million followers .
In a row played out on Twitter , Smith issued an expletive - laden series of messages aimed at the airline for ejecting him from a flight from Oakland to Burbank on Saturday because he was apparently too overweight to fit in his seat .
" Wanna tell me I 'm too wide for the sky ? "
Smith asked on his Twitter account shortly after the incident .
" Totally cool but fair warning folks :
If you look like me , you may be ejected from Southwest . "
Smith had fallen victim to Southwest 's booking guidelines for a " customer of size " which say that passengers who are unable to lower both armrests when seated should book another seat because of complaints it has received from customers whose comfort has been ruined by the " encroachment of a large seatmate " .
Smith used his Twitter account to reveal he was deemed a " safety risk " by the captain of the plane .
" I know I 'm fat , but was Captain Leysath really justified in throwing me off a flight for which I was already seated ? ''
A barrage of tweets condemning the airline for its policy followed , prompting angry customers to share their stories of rejection from Southwest and an apology from the chastened airline .
Aware of the unfolding PR disaster , a tweet appeared on Southwest 's Twitter feed about six hours later , promising Smith he would get a call from the airline 's customer relations vice - president .
" Again , I 'm very sorry for the experience you had tonight .
Please let me know if there is anything else I can do , " a second tweet to Smith read .
His anger seemingly undiminished , Smith was , last night , still aiming tweets at Southwest 's " PR - challenged , fatty - haters .
Your apology is insulting , redacted , bullshit " and promised to use his Sunday night podcast to lambast the airline further .
Smith , known for his edgy , expletive - ridden films , was given a seat on a later flight to Burbank and described how he " did n't even need a seat belt extender to buckle up .
Somehow , that shit fit over my ' safety concern ' creating gut . "
The Australian property market has continued its merry march skywards .
If the music stops , it will get very ugly for taxpayers and young buyers sucked into purchasing their first property .
In October 2008 , as the global financial crisis was reaching a crescendo , Treasurer Wayne Swan directed the Australian Government spend taxpayer monies buying residential mortgage backed securities ( RMBS ) from banks and non -bank lenders .
At the time , Swan stated that “ developments in international capital markets … have reduced liquidity … and constrained the ability of lenders to access funding from this source ” .
The taxpayer monies were used to buy $ 8 billion worth of residential mortgage - backed securities , with a further $ 8 billion approved in 2009 .
At the time , the Government sought to differentiate its investment in mortgages from that of the US Government , noting :
This investment is very different from the initiative proposed by US Treasury Secretary ( Henry ) Paulson in response to financial market conditions in the US .
Unlike the US , Australia ’s banking system remains profitable and soundly capitalised .
Australian banks do not have significant exposures to troubled mortgage ‑related assets , reflecting our robust lending standards and low rates of mortgage default .
Whereas the US Treasury is being forced to issue debt to invest in existing troubled mortgage assets , such as securities backed by sub‑prime mortgages with high default rates , the AOFM will invest only in newly issued , prime , AAA rated RMBS that meet strict criteria in relation to the quality of the underlying mortgages .
( The securities were rated AAA by at least one major credit rating agency — this would be one of the same agencies that rated sub - prime toxic debt in the United States AAA before the credit crunch ) .
Why did the Government do this ?
Most likely because Kevin Rudd and Swan were petrified of a housing collapse and the subsequent damage it would do to their standing in the polls ( even though in reality , lower house prices would benefit more people than they would harm ) .
The fact that securitisation of mortgages have been blamed as a large cause of the US housing collapse ( and subsequent credit crunch ) were not a concern to the Government .
( Admittedly , the decision was not a partisan one , with the original idea coming from former Opposition leader Malcolm Turnbull ) .
The major problem with securitising mortgages is that it breaks the chain of responsibility .
Historically , a bank would lend a mortgagor money .
If that mortgagor was unable to afford the repayments , the bank would be forced to write down the loan .
As a result , lenders were very careful who they gave their precious capital to ( while banks have very high asset levels , they use a small amount of equity — a lot of bad loans can quickly bankrupt a bank ) .
When a financial institution securitised a mortgage ( or a bunch of mortgages ) it effectively absolves itself from direct responsibility .
It no longer owns the rights to the repayments .
When that happens , the lender cares less for the ability of the borrower to repay .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
What the federal Government effectively did in 2008 was allow banks ( and non -bank institutions such as Liberty Financial , AMP Bank and Challenger ) to continue making loans — the fact that the risk of non-repayment had increased was less important , the taxpayer was footing the bill anyway .
The Government needed to step in because the market believed that the securities were too risky and the institutions would not have been able to raise money to fund their loans .
( This purchase of mortgage - backed securities was in addition to the government guaranteeing $ 160 billion in debt issuance by the banks ) .
It appears that the Government ’s standards in buying the mortgage - backed securities were not especially high .
The Australian Office of Financial Management ’s 2008 -09 annual report noted that the mortgages it purchased were able to have a loan - to - valuation ratio of up to 95 % , half of the loans were able to be “ interest only ” and it also even allowed “ low doc ’ mortgages to included in the pool .
Despite those risks , for the 2009 financial year , the average return for the portfolio was a meager 4.8 % .
Sadly for many Australians , not only did taxpayers appear to receive a very low return ( especially commensurate to the apparent risk ) , but actions such as the RMBS purchases and the first - home - buyer ’s grant have had the direct effect of causing what appears to be a housing bubble .
Recent data indicates that in 2009 , residential property leapt by more than 11 % ( in Melbourne , the increase was more than 15 % ) — this compares with an inflation rate of less than 2 % .
The Government ’s actions were twofold .
First , the home buyer ’s grant allowed young purchasers an immediate boost to their equity ( or their deposit ) — the home buyers were then able to use loan - to - valuation ratios of upwards of 90 % to drastically increase their buying power .
The banks and non -bank institutions were able to keep lending to freely partially because they were being funded by the Government .
In a perverse way , Australian taxpayers were directly making their own home purchases more expensive .
As economist Steve Keen noted , the affordability problem was then magnified because those vendors selling homes to leverage and bonus injected buyers would then have a further $ 100,000 - $ 200,000 cash to invest in another property .
That cash could then in turn be leveraged into even more buying power , effectively pushing up prices for the upper - middle bank of housing ( it was this band rising that would have led to the dramatic increased in median prices in 2009 ) .
The other benefit of continued high lending was that it acted as a floor for property prices .
So long as banks kept funds flowing to property purchasers , the billions of dollars of arguably overpriced collateral on their balance sheets ( namely , residential property ) would remain unimpaired .
While the RBA appears only mildly concerned about housing affordability ( pointing to increased incomes , ignoring the fact that those higher incomes are largely based on stimulus and a temporarily rampaging China ) , Australian house prices appear wildly expensive by historical or international standards .
Based on RP Data ’s median house price , Australia ’s price to household disposable income ratio ( using the ABS data from 2008 ) is 6 x — virtually double the historical and international figures .
So far , the Australian property market has continued its merry march skywards .
If the music stops , it will get very ugly for taxpayers and young buyers — sucked into purchasing their first property thanks to generous leverage from banks and government grants .
Kevin and Wayne ’s best laid plans to rescue Australia ’s property market and gain them votes may backfire at precisely the wrong time .
WASHINGTON  Seeing no prospect of a bipartisan agreement on health care , Congressional Democrats said Friday that they would make another effort to pass sweeping health care legislation on their own .
If anything , Democrats said , their seven - hour meeting with President Obama and Republicans on Thursday confirmed their belief that it was futile to try to work with Republicans on a major health care bill because the philosophical differences between the parties were too profound .
Accordingly , Speaker Nancy Pelosi said , Democrats in the House and the Senate have begun work on a bill that they hope could be passed in the Senate by a simple majority .
Under the tentative plan sketched by Ms. Pelosi and other Democrats , the House would pass the health care bill approved in December by the Senate , and both chambers would approve a separate package of changes using a parliamentary device known as budget reconciliation .
The legislation would revise the Senate health bill to reflect compromises between House and Senate Democrats and suggestions by Mr. Obama .
More than 500 small businesses received credits through the Small Business Program for Utility Relief ( SPUR ) , from the City of Portland ’s utility bureaus , Water and Environmental Services .
The City of Portland utility bureaus partnered with Prosper Portland , the city ’s economic development agency , to develop the program .
In June , Portland City Council approved $ 1 million for the first - of - its - kind program and the utilities anticipated funding up to 300 applications .
The program received more than 2,000 applicants .
In response to the overwhelming need in the business community , and at the recommendation of the SPUR selection committee , Commissioner Amanda Fritz and Mayor Ted Wheeler worked to allocate an additional $ 600,000 to the program .
With a total of $ 1.6 million available , more than 500 businesses received credits , approximately one - quarter of the businesses that applied .
“ Thank you to all of the businesses that participated in our SPUR program .
I commend the crucial role you play in our community , and the resilience you have shown through these challenges , ” said Commissioner Fritz .
“ We knew the need would outweigh the available credits .
We know all small businesses are still struggling .
We hope the bill credits will alleviate some stress and burden to the small businesses that receive them . ”
Created to support small businesses impacted by the public health and economic crisis , SPUR prioritized businesses owned by Black , Indigenous , and all People of Color ( BIPOC ) and women , childcare providers , and businesses open as part of Phase 1 of the state ’s reopening plan .
The selection process was driven by a clear recognition that Black , Indigenous , and People of Color ( BIPOC ) communities are disproportionately affected by this crisis .
SPUR Awards Report 519 SPUR credits awarded ( an additional 20 businesses are still in process )
87 percent of credits ( 88 percent of the dollars ) were awarded to BIPOC identified businesses
60 percent of credits ( 52 percent of the dollars ) were awarded to women and non-binary owned businesses
84 percent of credits ( ( 74 percent of the dollars ) ) were awarded to businesses with nine employees or less A selection committee made up of community small business leaders determined which businesses received SPUR credits .
This SPUR Selection Committee used the eligibility criteria and equity and vulnerability priorities set by City Council in the authorizing ordinance from June 3 , 2020 and developed additional criteria to prioritize the applications .
The committee included representatives from :
“ Being a part of this selection committee was an impactful experience .
The level of dedication everyone brought to the table was inspiring and ensured equity and access reached those it was meant to , said Jesse Hyatt , executive director of the Black American Chamber of Commerce .
“ When people with diverse backgrounds come together for real community impact , it creates hope for the future of true collaboration in Portland . ”
Recipients received notification of their application funding status on Wednesday , Aug. 5 and received bill credits by Wednesday , Aug. 19 .
Several recipients have agreed to be interviewed by the media .
Contact information is available by request .
Mayor
Wheeler said , “ Being there for the most vulnerable people in our community , when they need us , is the highest purpose we can serve in local government .
I want to acknowledge the selection committee for ensuring an efficient and equitable process for the consideration and selection of all participating businesses .
We will continue finding resourceful ways to support the small businesses that define our city . ”
Prosper Portland Executive Director Kimberly Branam said she and her colleagues were pleased to partner with the Portland Water Bureau and the Bureau of Environmental Services to develop the SPUR program .
“ We are gratified to know that BIPOC - owned businesses will receive the majority of available fund .
“ As we prepare to distribute federal CARES Act funds , we ’ll work closely with the team to ensure that SPUR applicants receive personalized notice of the opportunity for this new funding . ”
Water and Environmental Services offer financial assistance programs that serve thousands of Portlanders and a menu of options for reducing portions of utility bills .
Services for all customers
Payment arrangements provide additional time for paying past due charges without incurring new fees on the past due balance .
Monthly statements offer the option of paying each month to avoid a quarterly bill that includes three months of sewer / stormwater / water charges .
Clean River Rewards provide savings for those who manage stormwater on their property .
Water Efficiency offers free water - saving devices and rebates for toilet and irrigation upgrades .
Services for residential customers :
Utility Safety Net Program and crisis assistance provides flexible , long - term interest - free payment arrangements for those with employment , medical , or other personal emergencies .
Bill discounts and crisis assistance are available for income - qualified customers .
Assistance for renters in multi-family properties in the amount of up to $ 500 is available through a partnership with Home Forward for renters at risk of eviction .
Contact 211 for assistance .
Water leak repair assistance funds repairs of water leaks for income - qualified homeowners .
To learn more about how the city can help , or to view detailed information about these programs , visit portlandoregon.gov/water/cs .
If you still have questions , email PWBCustomerService@portlandoregon.gov or call 503-823-7770 .
ABOUT THE PORTLAND WATER BUREAU
The Portland Water Bureau serves water to almost a million people in the Portland area .
Portland ’s water system includes two great water sources , 53 tanks and reservoirs , and 2,200 miles of pipes .
With 600 employees working on everything from water treatment to customer service , the Water Bureau is committed to serving excellent water every minute of every day .
Find us on Twitter @PortlandWater and visit us at portlandoregon. gov / water .
About the Portland Bureau of Environmental Services
The City of Portland Bureau of Environmental Services — your sewer and stormwater utility — provides Portland residents with programs to protect water quality and public health , including wastewater collection and treatment , sewer construction and maintenance , stormwater management , and stream and watershed restoration .
Follow on Twitter @BESPortland .
On the web : portlandoregon.gov/bes /news .
About PROSPER PORTLAND
Prosper Portland creates economic growth and opportunity for Portland .
Our vision is to make Portland one of the most globally competitive , healthy , and equitable cities in the world by investing in job creation , encouraging broad economic prosperity , and fostering great places throughout the city .
We aspire to be a workplace of choice with passionate staff excelling in an open and empowering environment and sharing a commitment to our collective success .
Follow us on Twitter @prosperportland or visit us at prosperportland.us .
Ubisoft has long had some controversial ideas about how DRM should be used , but when PC Gamer was given a review copy of Assassin 's Creed 2 on the PC it seemed as if the reality was going to be much worse than what opponents to DRM had feared : the game requires an always - on ' Net connection and constant communication with the home server .
If your connection is dropped , the game kicks you out , and you lose any progress you had made since your last save .
If you have flaky wireless in your home , it sounds like it 's time to move onto a wired solution .
We caught up with an Ubisoft representative to get the full story , and it may not be as bad as it sounds ... but it 's still certainly not good .
Here 's how PC Gamer described its test :
The game first starts the Ubisoft Game Launcher , which checks for updates .
If you try to launch the game when you 're not online , you hit an error message right away .
So I tried a different test : start the game while online , play a little , then unplug my net cable .
This is the same as what happens if your net connection drops momentarily , your router is rebooted , or the game loses its connection to Ubisoft 's ' Master servers ' .
The game stopped , and I was dumped back to a menu screen — all my progress since it last autosaved was lost .
We reached out to Ubisoft to see how accurate this account was .
" As long as you do not quit the game , the game will continue to try to reconnect for an unlimited time .
Once the game is able to reconnect , you will immediately be returned to your game , " Ars was told .
What about your progress ?
" Where exactly you are reconnected in the game may differ from title to title .
Settlers 7 reconnects at the exact point where the connection was lost , AC2 reconnects you at the last checkpoint ( and not the last auto save , as indicated in the CVG article ) .
There are many checkpoints so you 're back to the point where you got disconnected in no time . "
We were assured that only happens if the disconnection is lengthy .
If you 're cut off for just a second or two , the game simply pauses and continues on .
Ars was also told that nothing will happen if your connection slows down .
" Our online services platform will require a maximum of 50 kbps of available bandwidth , so even with the slowest connection , gameplay wo n’t be affected . "
What does this mean for you ?
Since upcoming Ubisoft PC games will require you to be connected to the Internet through your entire gaming session , members the armed forces may have a hard time playing games on their laptops .
If you 're flying , you 'll have to pay for onflight Internet or not play .
If your Internet goes out in your house , you can't play , and if you were playing while it happened , you could lose progress .
There is a certain weirdness to a company demanding to know every time you play the game , and requiring you to be talking to their servers for the entirety of your session .
Does this DRM come at the cost of privacy ?
That 's debatable , but it will be a deterrent for those who travel or play games where there is n't Internet to buy the game at all .
by
Receiving my patriarchal blessing was the spiritual highlight of my youth .
The whole event carried an intense and happy feeling that God knew me personally and that the church — being the repository of such wonders — was true .
The effect my patriarchal blessing experience had on my subsequent life cannot be overestimated .
Mormon patriarchal blessings are strange creatures .
They exist theologically to declare one ’s Israelite lineage .
Our modern understanding of genetic lineage is forced to now emphasise the symbolic nature of the declaration , powerful in its own right ( we are to do the works of Abraham , “ pure Ephraimite ” or not ) , but still a relic of the day when Mormons imagined direct descent from biblical patriarchs .
The prophetic element of the blessing is a marvel indeed , especially when we consider that such bold and specific seership is not common on a general level in the church anymore .
For me , my blessing was a collection of wise admonitions and promises , coupled with an uncanny appraisal of my character .
That our Stake Patriarch did not know me added in a unmeasurable way to the sense that it was God who was speaking to me .
Again , this was powerful stuff .
But Patriarchs are not infallible oracles , and their blessings ought not to be considered the unadulterated word of God .
The church ( sort of ) recognises this when we hear counsel not to imagine the blessing as fortune telling , to remember that blessings are conditional on obedience , and that some prophecies may not come to fruition in this life .
Despite this , I think that on a practical level such counsel is sometimes forgotten and that there ’s a strong feeling in the church that the patriarchal blessing is infallible scripture , where questions of being “ translated correctly ” are not properly applied .
Just like scripture , I believe that patriarchal blessings contain the word of God , but that does not mean that they are , in themselves , the word of God .
The recipient must seek God ’s counsel to understand the nature of the blessing , what represents God ’s word and what is the imperfect language of the fallible man giving the blessing .
To think otherwise would be to claim a level of oracular perfection in a Patriarch that I do not think can be sustained .
My own blessing is pretty uncontroversial but still requires me to gain a sense of its relevance and application in any given circumstance .
Sometimes , however , patriarchal blessings can have major consequences to life and faith .
Here are some examples that I am personally aware of ( i.e. they have happened to people I know ) :
– An engaged woman is told that she will serve a mission “ in her youth . ”
Should she break - off the engagement ?
– An engaged man is told that he has not yet met his future wife .
Should he break - off the engagement ?
– A woman is told that she will see the Second Coming of Jesus .
If she dies beforehand , should the blessing be considered fatally flawed ?
– A woman is told she will have children but currently finds herself infertile .
Is her faithfulness in question ?
– One patriarch often told girls exactly how many children they would have .
At what point does this become a self - fulfilling prophecy ?
Should the woman who was told she would have five children really stop at three ( she does n’t think she can cope with any more ) ?
In a church where prophecy “ means everything , ” faithful Mormons will naturally and justifiably grapple with questions like these .
My only advice is that decisions not be made simply because “ my patriarchal blessing says so ” and that we not agonise over every jot and tittle .
That would be an abrogation of agency and a foolish step down the road of infallibility .
All prophetic blessings are , in their final tally , the utterances of men , the level of inspiration in which must be personally and prayerfully ascertained by the recipient .
A patriarchal blessing is scripture “ as far as it is translated correctly . ”
The Best Free NZB Search , Usenet Search & NZB Sites of February 2010
from Gerald Holtham ( originally a comment )
The problems of economics as an academic pursuit have a sociological origin .
The subject matter of economics is of interest to nearly everyone who lives in a commercial society and has to make a living .
Intelligent people develop opinions about it and advance opinions in a way they would not do about astronomy or quantum physics .
Similarly every politician has a story about the economic policy to be followed .
This situation has created a strong form of credentialism among academic economists , evidenced by the use in the USA of the term “ PHD economist ” i.e. distinguishing a “ real ” economist from an economic journalist or mere informed commentator .
This desire to define and secure a profession of economists has led not only to credentialism but to formalism .
There must be hoops to jump through , filters to pass , if “ real ” economists are to be distinguished .
An emphasis on mathematical technique is just such a filter .
From credentialism and formalism comes a self - referential approach that holds “ economic problems must have economic explanations and economic solutions ” .
That makes it illegitimate to introduce “ non-economic ” elements into economic theory .
Demarcation and the exclusivity of “ economics ” is thereby reinforced .
Non-economic elements are often considered to include any form of “ irrational ” behaviour .
Unfortunately some schools of economics at that point finalise their separation from the real world by failing to distinguish “ procedural rationality ” , which is a useful simplifying assumption , from “ substantive rationality ” , which assumes a never - never land of near - perfect knowledge and ubiquitous equilibrium .
The distinction , due to Herb Simon , was apparently too subtle for the neo-classical school .
Ideology also plays a part in promoting some schools of economics .
Theories that depict a self - stabilising system in which everyone is doing as well as possible are remote from reality but convenient for the conservative interests in society that wish to resist change .
Once this structure is in place it is difficult to pursue a career as an academic economist without going along with a substantial part of it .
Read more …
The Evolution of Man ... Toward Suck Prehistoric sprinter - brawlers make Bolt look slow , Arnie weak , scientist claims .
Dec. 1 , 2009  -- Jamaican Usain
Bolt ran the 200 meters in 19.19 seconds at this year 's track and field world championships in Berlin , setting a new world record .
The fastest man who ever lived , right ?
" He may be the fastest man around today , I would n't dispute that , " said Peter McAllister , an anthropologist .
" He certainly is not the fastest man ever to have lived . "
Really ?
Well , according to anthropologists who have studied 20,000 - year - old human footprints in Australia , the ancient hunter who left them was running at more than 23 mph , just a whisker slower than Bolt .
But , they say , that hunter was accelerating .
Watch the full story tonight on " Nightline " at 11:35 p.m. ET
To leave such prints , the hunter would likely have been moving through soft mud , and possibly 3 to 4 inches of water as well .
Apparently ancient aboriginals -- given spiked shoes , spandex shorts and a flat track -- would make Bolt look like he 's going backward .
McAllister has written a book called " Manthropology : The Science of the Inadequate Modern Male . "
He claims we 're pathetic specimens .
" I 'm looking to puncture some of the pretensions we have about ourselves , " said McAllister .
" We think of ourselves as better in every respect .
Well , I just want to show that we 're not better . "
McAllister claims a Neanderthal woman -- any Neanderthal woman -- could beat Arnold Schwarzenegger in an arm - wrestling match .
And he 's talking Arnie of Conan vintage .
And a lack of brawn , McAllister says , is n't our only weakness .
We think of ourselves as exceptionally supportive , holding our wives ' hands when they give birth .
Well , the ancient Huichol Indians tied ropes around their testicles for their wives to pull on .
That 's sharing the pain .
' Do n't Feel Too Bad '
These days we marvel at the lyrical prowess of artists like 50 Cent , who has written about 6,000 lines of rap , remembers them and performs them .
But the last of the ancient Slavic Guslars , or poets , without being able to read or write , had stored in their noggins an estimated 350,000 lines of verse .
" If you put these guys up against 50 Cent in a battle rap , they 're going to come off the victors , " claims McAllister .
Back to brawn .
In a rowing race , modern oarsmen would be whupped by ancient Athenians , who powered ships with muscle .
Charlton Heston pretended to be an ancient oarsmen in " Ben Hur . "
In reality , he would n't stand a chance .
Modern javelin throwers fall well short of ancient aboriginals .
And modern archers , with their arm guards and concentrated aim ?
Well , apparently , Genghis Khan and his boys were more accurate from a moving horse .
You get the picture .
" I 'm trying to give us the straight dope about ourselves , " said McAllister .
Which is that compared to our ancient forefathers , we 're pathetic .
" These men are not that genetically different to us , " said McAllister .
" They just had such a tough working life .
Most of the loss of our physical prowess is not genetic .
It 's mostly because of the lack of stress that we put ourselves under . "
Our working lives , on the other hand are largely sedentary , or at least mechanized .
" The book is supposed to be funny , so do n't feel too bad about it , " said McAllister .
" Maybe we 'll just think twice before we go around boasting that we 're the best that 's ever been . "
And maybe we should hit the gym .
Intelligence officials doubt Iran uranium claims , say Cheney receiving suspect briefings Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Friday August 18 , 2006 Print This Email
This
The Bush administration continues to bypass standard intelligence channels and use what some believe to be propaganda tactics to create a compelling case for war with Iran , US foreign policy experts and former US intelligence officials tell RAW STORY .
One former senior intelligence official is particularly concerned by private briefings that Vice President Dick Cheney is getting from former Office of Special Plans ( OSP ) Director , Abram Shulsky .
" Vice President Cheney is relying on personal briefings from Shulsky for current intelligence on Iran , " said this intelligence official .
Shulsky , a leading Neoconservative and member of the Project for the New American Century ( PNAC ) , headed the shadowy and secretive Department of Defense 's OSP in the lead - up to the Iraq war -- helping to locate intelligence that would support the Bush administration 's case for war with Iraq .
In an earlier report by Raw Story on an OSP spin - off dubbed the Iranian Directorate ( ID ) , Lt. Col. Barry E. Venable -- a spokesman for the Pentagon -- confirmed that Shulsky was consulting for this new initiative as well .
" Mr. Shulsky continues in his position as Senior Advisor to the USD , focusing on Mid-East regional issues and the [ global war on terror ] , " stated Venable .
Several foreign policy experts , who wish to remain anonymous , have expressed serious concern that much like the OSP , the ID is manipulating , cherry picking , and perhaps even -- as some suspect -- cooking intelligence to lead the U.S. into another conflict , this time with Iran .
" Cheney distrusts the information being disseminated by CIA on Iran , " said one former senior intelligence official .
" The reports assembled by the Iranian Directorate at the Pentagon differ significantly from the analysis produced by the Intelligence Community .
The Pentagon Iranian Directorate relies on thin and unsupported reporting from foreign sources . "
In the build - up to the Iraq war , Cheney relied on intelligence almost exclusively from the OSP , which leveled allegations that Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction .
This was later debunked , but no OSP or DOD officials were held accountable for what many believe was a " deliberate effort " to mislead the nation into war .
New Uranium Allegations : Adding to the similarities between the pre-war build up to Iraq , new allegations of Uranium transactions began aggressively circulating earlier this month .
For example , in an August 6th Sunday Times of London article entitled " Iran 's plot to mine uranium in Africa , " Iran is alleged to have purchased Uranium from the Democratic Republic of Congo .
" A United Nations report , dated July 18 , said there was ' no doubt ' that a huge shipment of smuggled uranium 238 , uncovered by customs officials in Tanzania , was transported from the Lubumbashi mines in the Congo .
" Tanzanian customs officials told The Sunday Times it was destined for the Iranian port of Bandar Abbas , and was stopped on October 22 last year during a routine check . "
The UN report , however , does not mention Iran .
It is only the Tanzanian official who does .
The article also quotes the Tanzanian official on his description of the uranium amounts found in each container and how it was located .
" This one was very radioactive .
When we opened the container it was full of drums of coltan .
Each drum contains about 50kg of ore .
When the first and second rows were removed , the ones after that were found to be drums of uranium . "
Experts familiar with both African mining and atomic energy have expressed serious concern about these allegations , which have been circulating for some time .
According to a source close to the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the story is " highly unlikely " and " not well researched . "
This source , who wished to remain anonymous given the nature of the subject , explained that the main concern in the Congolese mines is environmental waste and how it affects workers and villages near the areas where the mining is done .
A former senior US official with experience in the region also finds the story improbable , in this case regarding the Tanzanian interception of a Congo - to - Iran based shipment and the amount transferred .
" My understanding is that the Congolese mines were closed years ago and that any mining now is purely artisanal , " said this official .
" [ It ] would take a lot of labor to produce the volume of uranium they are talking about .
The reduction ratio of rock to ore is roughly one hundred to one in the Niger mines .
I can't imagine the vein is any richer in the Congo . "
Still other experts took issue with the description of the uranium and its suggested purpose , including the sentiment that u-238 is " highly radioactive . "
Steven Aftergood , senior research analyst at the Federation of American Scientists ( FAS ) , an organization that was formed in 1945 by atomic scientists from the Manhattan Project , is doubtful .
" U - 238 is one of the isotopic forms of uranium .
Another isotopic form , [ for example ] , U - 235 , is used in fission bombs , " explained Aftergood .
" U - 238 is not highly radioactive .
On the contrary , it decays very slowly .
It has a half - life of 4.5 billion years .
That means that a given quantity of u-238 would radioactively decay by 50 % in 4.5 billion years .
So you could hold it in your hand without any adverse effect .
On the other hand , it is a toxic metal , and you would n't want to inhale or ingest uranium dust if you could avoid it . "
But the stories of Iran attempting to purchase uranium from abroad leave many experts highly concerned .
One official close to the United Nations Security Council explained that Iran has its own mines , making any allegations of imported uranium from abroad highly questionable .
" Why would Iran import U - 238 when it mines it itself ? "
The official asked Raw .
" This makes no sense whatsoever . "
Several sources suggested that the Iranian Directorate , as did its predecessor -- the OSP , may be cherry picking , manipulating , and even planting intelligence abroad that would support a case against Iran in the minds of the public .
Expressing great frustration , one former high ranking intelligence officer said " it is all the Neocons . "
Asked about the allegations of the uranium transaction from Congo - to - Iran , this source remarked : " Total bullshit . "
Wendy Morigi , spokeswoman for U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Vice - Chairman Jay Rockefeller , would not confirm or deny that the committee had received any information regarding the Iran uranium purchase .
" We can't comment on what briefings the committee has received , " Morigi stated in an email response .
Morigi did , however , explain that as with any sensitive information , " Generally speaking , it 's safe to assume that the committee closely follows everything related to Iran 's nuclear program . "
# Related Raw Story articles : US military , intelligence officials raise concern about possible preparations for Iran strike Spurious attempt to tie Iran , Iraq to nuclear arms plot bypassed U.S. intelligence channels Cheney has tapped Iranian expatriate , arms dealer to surveil discussions with Iran , officials say Larisa Alexandrovna is managing investigative news editor for Raw Story and regularly reports on intelligence and national security stories .
Contact : [ email protected ]
