A conversation about the apparent atheist backlash to the rise in religious fundamentalism - the backlash indicated by several books attacking what Richard Dawkins calls ' the god delusion ' .
In this program the celebrated writer and committed atheist , the late Christopher Hitchens tells Phillip he has put out a challenge to preachers across America to come out and debate him .
First broadcast on May 10th 2007
" The Downfall " is an amazing movie .
From what I 've read of it , the actor who played him nailed the part so well , that people who knew or saw Hitler had surprised reactions .
He had the tremors right and I guess the way he " normally " talked .
Hitler spoke a different way when addressing people .
It was a huge deal .
He almost never allowed his normal speech to be recorded .
Somehow , this actor was able to listen to some tapes the German government had and he was able to duplicate it well .
It 's not from the 80's and certainly not cheesy .
Give it a try .
Oh , and the mashup was funny .
Amazing how a lot of arguments fit this scene ( in actions of course ) .
The US Supreme Court has delivered some welcome news to parents worried about their children hearing foul language on broadcast television .
In a 5 - to - 4 decision announced Tuesday , the high court said the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) did not abuse its discretion in a 2004 crackdown on indecent language on prime time TV .
The majority said the FCC did not act arbitrarily or capriciously when it announced that broadcasters might be held liable for the occasional use of a single indecent word on public airwaves .
" Today 's ruling by the Supreme Court is an incredible victory for families , " said Tim Winter , president of the Parents Television Council , in a statement .
" We must put the well - being of children first and allow certain hours of the broadcast day to be a safe haven for families . "
The case likely sets the stage for a broader free - speech showdown in the future between government regulators and broadcasters .
The action reverses a decision of the Second US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York , which ruled the agency failed to follow proper procedures in cracking down against the increasing use of the so - called " f " word and " s " word on broadcast television .
The crackdown marked a major shift from a long - time FCC policy that broadcasters would not be punished for the occasional , isolated blooper .
Under the old policy , only repetitive and intentional use of foul language in a broadcast would trigger sanctions , and even then only if the conduct rose to the level of verbal " shock treatment . "
That more forgiving policy held for 25 years .
It was aimed at balancing broadcasters '
First Amendment free - speech rights against the government 's interest in helping parents protect their children from indecency on radio and television .
" It suffices to know that children mimic the behavior they observe , " Justice Antonin Scalia wrote for the majority in upholding the FCC policy .
" Programming replete with one - word indecent expletives will tend to produce children who use ( at least ) one - word indecent expletives . "
The high court also criticized the Second Circuit judges for " quibbling " with the FCC 's policy choices .
" We decline to substitute our judgment for that of the agency , " Justice Scalia said in his opinion .
" Of course , the agency must show that there are good reasons for the new policy , " he wrote .
" But it need not demonstrate to a court 's satisfaction that the reasons for the new policy are better than the reasons for the old one . "
He added , " It suffices that the new policy is permissible under the statute , that there are good reasons for it , and that the agency believes it to be better . "
In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer said the FCC failed to rely on traditional notice - and - comment procedures used by administrative agencies .
He said the agency also failed to adequately explain its reasons for changing the policy .
" I would find the FCC 's decision arbitrary , capricious , an abuse of discretion , " he wrote .
Free -speech issues
Both the majority and dissenting justices acknowledged the new policy raises free - speech issues .
" There is no way to hide the long shadow the First Amendment casts over what the commission has done , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in her dissent .
The majority judges disagreed .
" It is conceivable that the commission 's orders may cause some broadcasters to avoid certain language that is beyond the commission 's reach under the Constitution , " Justice Scalia wrote .
" Whether that is so , and , if so , whether it is unconstitutional will be determined soon enough , perhaps in this very case . "
Scalia added , " Meanwhile , any chilled references to excretory and sexual material surely lie at the periphery of First Amendment concern . "
In his dissent , Justice John Paul Stevens took issue with the majority 's suggestion that certain expletives describe a sexual or excretory function .
" As any golfer who has watched his partner shank a short approach knows , it would be absurd to accept the suggestion that the resultant four - letter word uttered on the golf course describes sex or excrement and is therefore indecent , " Justice Stevens wrote .
" But that is the absurdity the FCC has embraced in its new approach to indecency . "
While language deemed obscene enjoys no First Amendment protection and can be banned , the FCC case involves language that the agency considers indecent .
Indecent language retains some First Amendment protection and cannot be banned , but it may be subject to government regulation .
How much regulation was the issue in FCC v. Fox .
The broadcasters who waged the legal challenge to the new policy – Fox , CBS , NBC , and ABC – all have expressed First Amendment concerns .
Further litigation is expected .
What prompted crackdown
The case involves the unexpected use of the " f " word and " s " word on television between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. , when children are likely to be watching .
The FCC crackdown was prompted by several high - profile incidents during live music award shows involving Bono , Cher , and Nicole Richie .
In one incident , Paris Hilton and Ms. Richie appeared in a Fox broadcast of the Billboard Music Awards in December 2003 to promote their show " The Simple Life . "
Hilton : " Now , Nicole , remember , this is a live show ; watch the bad language . "
Richie : " Okay , God . "
Hilton : " It feels so good to be standing here tonight . "
Richie : " Yeah , instead of standing in mud and [ live audio blocked ] .
Why do they even call it ' The Simple Life ? '
Have you ever tried to get cow [ BLEEP ] out of a Prada purse ?
It 's not so [ BLEEP - ing ] simple . "
( In the broadcast , only the first use of the " s " word was blocked , the two other expletives were n't bleeped . )
Roughly 2.3 million viewers under 18 saw the program , and 1.1 million of them were under 12 , according to the FCC .
Scalia said in his opinion that the FCC 's policy was aimed at safeguarding the nation 's children from the most objectionable and offensive language .
The FCC had noted that technological advances made it easier to bleep out isolated vulgar expletives without significantly changing the content of the broadcast .
Breyer 's dissent highlights a concern among smaller , independent broadcasters who may not be able to afford the technology to conduct real - time bleeping .
In such cases , fear of government fines or other sanctions might cause some mid-level or smaller stations to avoid covering live award shows and other events , he wrote .
Scalia was joined in the majority opinion by Chief Justice John Roberts , and Justices Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas , and Samuel Alito .
In addition to Breyer , Stevens , and Ginsburg , Justice David Souter also dissented .
BEIJING  A bias in favor of male offspring has left China with 32 million more boys under the age of 20 than girls , creating “ an imminent generation of excess men , ” a study released Friday said .
For the next 20 years , China will have increasingly more men than women of reproductive age , according to the paper , which was published online by the British Medical Journal .
“ Nothing can be done now to prevent this , ” the researchers said .
Chinese government planners have long known that the urge of couples to have sons was skewing the gender balance of the population .
But the study , by two Chinese university professors and a London researcher , provides some of the first hard data on the extent of the disparity and the factors contributing to it .
In 2005 , they found , births of boys in China exceeded births of girls by more than 1.1 million .
There were 120 boys born for every 100 girls .
Here 's a little something OCZ Technology cooked up just for CeBIT : a PCIe enclosure that 'll contain 1TB worth of SSD storage with maximum read rates of up to 600 MB / sec and maximum write speeds of up to 500MB / sec .
Oh , and the sustained write speeds are right around 400 MB / sec .
Essentially , this device will contain four 256GB MLC - based OCZ SSDs along with 256MB of ECC DDR2 RAM ; when slapped in one 's desktop , they can choose to set it up as the boot disk or a slave .
OCZ is also hoping to offer a 4TB edition by the end of the year , which is totally plausible given that 1TB SSDs are already a reality .
The on - hand demo was just a mockup shell , but the finalized version should n't look much different than what 's pictured in the gallery below .
As for pricing and availability ?
It should hit the US of A in around six weeks for somewhere between $ 1,500 and $ 2,000 .
It 's high - end , y'all .
For those of you looking to follow the series , I am sorry that I did not have a post ready for last week .
I was preparing for and taking the United States Green Building Council ?s ( USGBC.org ) Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification test .
I passed , and now carry the designation Accredited Professional ( LEED AP ) .
What is a LEED Accredited Professional ??
LEED Accredited Professionals are experienced building industry practitioners who have demonstrated their knowledge of integrated design and their capacity to facilitate the LEED certification process .
It demonstrates an understanding of green building practices and principles , and familiarity with LEED requirements , resources , and processes .
In the last article , I took a very detailed look at mechanical systems and insulation as related to cost and return on investment for upgrading to gain more efficiency .
I think I effectively demonstrated that the costs are not unreasonable , and in almost every case the additional cost of the more efficient upgrade could be recovered in two seasons or less .
Every year forward , those additional savings , and the decreased carbon output , mean more money in your pockets and less wasted energy .
Resources for Starting to be Being Green
The next question to answer is ? how in the world do I figure out where to start ??
There is quite a bit of green washing out there .
It seems that every magazine I read or junk mail flyer I get has something ? green ? to say .
In one respect I think that having the green movement become more mainstream is a benefit .
The more people see it and hear about it , the more likely they will be to ask for it .
In medicine , the mantra is ? see one , do one , teach one ?.
We are definitely seeing green in more and more places .
If you want a really nice example of a mainstream green building , the Devon Bank in Wheeling , Illinois is a LEED Gold certified building , with solar panels and a beautiful sculpture garden that has six wind mills as its focal point .
I watched this building being built , and never knew it was a green project until last week !
Also , if you live in the Chicago , the Chicago Center for Green Technology is a nice place to get a handle on what can be done .
And the Museum of Science and Industry has an ongoing exhibit of a green home .
Now , its time to get more people doing green in their everyday lives .
My tenet is that there is a shade of green for every project and every budget .
Demonstration projects like the Green Technology Center , the MSI Green home , or my own River Hill Conservation Community Project purposefully push the envelope on implementing green building practices .
The idea is to demonstrate as many types of green products and practices to showcase how individual pieces can be worked into any project .
When you are ready to tackle your next home project , consider using green products in the process .
From a bathroom or a kitchen remodel , a simple paint job , or an addition , the opportunities to go green are immediately available and often not more expensive .
You can search product catalogs on line like www.greenhome.com, or www.buildinggreen.com, and others , or go to The Home Depot and look for their EcoSpec line of products .
An Energy Audit Is a Strong Starting Point for Going Green
But for any major project , like discussed in Article 1 , then you need a road map .
Let ?s face it , budgets are tight .
If you are going to do a once - in - ten - years project , you want to do it right , and you should get the most bang for your buck .
If you do not want to use a green consultant ( like me ) to help wade through the choices , the very least you should do is a home energy audit .
This is very much like a home inspection , but focused on the mechanical systems , their efficiency ratings , the building envelope , windows , doors , and insulation .
The audit will give you a very detailed picture of how well your home functions as a system .
It is the system approach that I alluded to in the first article .
There are trade offs for everything , whether going green or not .
Every sub-system in the home affects every other system in the home to some degree or another .
One of the key pieces of information you get from a home energy audit is the amount of air exchange per hour you are getting .
While fresh air coming into the home in some amounts is a good thing , air infiltration through window seals , door seals , outside wall electrical outlets or leaking air out through recessed lighting are all problems .
The more air that is leaking in or out of the house , the harder the heating and cooling system have to work to control temperature and humidity .
So improvements in the building envelope through insulation , caulk , weather stripping , and duct sealing , will lead to increased efficiency in the heating and cooling systems .
This may lead to better hot water delivery , since the pipes won ? t be as cold , which leads to water savings since you won ?t run the tap for 2 minutes waiting for that hot water to come .
See ??
A Sample Energy Audit
Here is a sample of a home energy audit .
This one was prepared for a client by eZing , Inc ( 708-848-3066 ) and shows the type of information we get from it .
After the 4 hour survey , the audit provides concrete , scientific information about how your home performs right now , and how you can improve its performance .
The most valuable data it gives it an itemized action plan ?
a list of to dos , their potential costs , the probable return on the investment , and the time it will take .
With this list you can then prioritize your project or projects .
Don?t want to do windows this year ?
Ok , take care of the weather stripping , caulk , and insulation .
Just did your water heater five years ago ?
Then tackle the 18 year old furnace .
You will know exactly what to do and have a plan to do it that you can refer back to over and over again until the jobs are done .
I recommend this type of audit as part of a pre-purchase home inspection as well .
There are a number of home inspectors who can add this service to a traditional inspection , and give you some real understanding of what you will be getting into , energy - wise , before you buy your next dream home .
It ?s a shame to buy that dream home , only to find out you can ?t afford to live in it because it costs $ 500 a month to heat !
To find an energy auditor go to www.resnet.us for a complete listing of certified auditors .
In the next article , I?ll go over some of the ways to finance these upgrades .
From mortgages specifically geared to energy efficiency , to federal grants , state rebate programs , and tax incentives ?
I?ll try to cover as many options as possible and provide valuable links to sources .
In the meantime , Go Green !
Going Green Series
[ TABLE=7 ]
Teen army cadets in uniform targeted by vicious thugs
Uniformed army cadets have been targeted and assaulted by thugs who accused the teenagers of being murderers .
A 15 - year - old girl cadet was viciously attacked as a woman repeatedly tried to headbutt her .
The adult offenders threatened and abused the young group , picking on them because they were in uniform , regulation boots and hat on their way to training in West Bromwich , in the West Midlands .
Target : Returning soldiers from Iraq were abused by Muslim extremists during a homecoming parade in Luton earlier this month
Police are now hunting a woman who attacked the 15 - year - old girl , shouted abuse , attempted to wrench the uniform off the cadet and then accused her of killing the woman 's uncle .
A man shouted abuse at the cadets and threatened to ' get ' them for wearing their army combats .
The girl , who is too frightened to be named , had been walking to the West Bromwich Army Cadets training session at the Territorial Army building in Carters Green on Monday evening with six friends .
Her mother said : ' A woman in her 30s grabbed her arm , tried to headbutt her twice and said she had killed her uncle .
Uniforms : Airmen and women at one of Britain 's most famous RAF bases were advised not to wear uniforms in public in March 2008
' She tried to rip the uniform off her .
I do n't understand why these people are doing this .
' All she wants to do is something positive in her spare time . '
Army chiefs today described the incident as " unfortunate " but unusual and West Midlands police confirmed they were treating the incident as assault .
Both the woman and the man were white .
The attack comes just weeks after soldiers returning from Iraq faced abuse as they paraded through Luton .
Muslim extremists hurled abuse and called the 200 returning soldiers from 2nd Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment ' terrorists ' and ' butchers of Basra ' .
It also echoes incidents in Peterborough .
Last March officers at RAF
Wittering told airmen not to leave the base in uniform after servicemen were taunted by people opposed to UK involvement in Afghanistan and Iraq .
A private vehicle wired with explosives and parked outside the Lev HaMifratz shopping mall in Haifa was neutralized by security forces on Saturday evening , preventing a potentially deadly attack .
The bombs were found after a partial explosion occurred , alerting local security .
Police are currently operating under the belief that the motive for the attempted bombing is nationalistic .
Sappers alerted to the scene worked for a lengthy period of time to dismantle the remaining explosives , which were concealed in a bag .
According to the police , the largest of the explosive devices detonated partially , leaving the rest of it intact .
A number of smaller charges spread around it also did not explode .
Officers later said that current estimates put the weight of the explosives involved at nearly 100 pounds .
Police robot approaches the wired car ( Photo : Shai Vaaknin )
The mall , adjacent to the outdoor , was evacuated for fear the remaining explosives would detonate .
It will remain closed overnight as police continue to comb the area .
The mall , which also houses a train station and neighbors a central bus terminal , has recently undergone major renovations and was renamed the ' Cinemall . '
Police forces swarmed the area after receiving reports of an explosion inside a white Subaru car , which is registered as belonging to a female resident of Jerusalem .
Responsibility claim disputed
Northern District Police Commander , Major - General Shimon Koren , held a briefing at the scene : " At around 8:30 pm this evening , an explosion was heard near the Lev HaMifratz mall .
The explosion brought a large number of police forces to the scene , and a number of additional explosive devices were discovered inside the car .
We are currently engaged in a wide - reaching search for the person who parked the car here , " he said .
Koren said that police are working in cooperation with the Shin Bet on the case , and that the assumption at present time is that the motive for the attempted bombing is terrorism .
Police initially said that they were also exploring the possibility of a criminally - motivated attack .
Coastal Police chief Lt. - Cmdr .
Roni Atiya addressed concerns regarding the perpetrators success at planting a bomb so close to the crowded mall .
" It 's important to stress that this is an outdoor parking lot and not one of the mall 's underground or multi-story parking lots , so this is a car that did n't go through a security check and therefore the bomb was n't found in due time .
This was a big charge that could have caused a lot of damage to person and property .
We expect to meet with this mall 's administration to assess the situation and agree on future procedures , and we 'll do so with other malls in the areas as well .
An organization calling itself the ' Galilee Freedom Battalions ' claimed responsibility for the incident , however its credibility has been called into question .
In a written statement the organization said : " This bomb was intended for the Zionists who visit the mall , and bringing it in was very complicated .
At around 9:15 ( pm ) .
Immediately afterwards the cell left the area .
Due to a technical defect or technical error , the bomb did not go off .
" This operation is part of the series of operations we promised you in response to the demolition of homes in east Jerusalem and the slaughter carried out by the occupation in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank .
This operation is just the beginning . "
However the organization 's claims have been called into doubt .
In the past the group has claimed responsibility for criminal acts too , such as the murder of Justice Adi Azar .
Having dabbled with Empire : Total
War for the best part of a week , I reckon I ’ve slain enough redcoats , sunk enough sloops , and lost enough rakes to sit in judgement .
After the jump , the thoughts of a man who ’s now so enthusiastic about 18th Century warfare , he ’s bought himself a tricorn hat , a bicorn hat , and a unicorn hat .
My first hour with Empire was n’t a particularly happy one .
First , the ironically labelled Graphics Options screen vetted my system , found it wanting , and barred me from selecting certain ‘ ultra ’ settings .
I pleaded with it , suggested various compromises ( If I lower the grass and tree quality , can my troops have shapely noses and crisp uniform textures ? ) even started tampering with preference files , but it was all to no avail .
The bastard thing would n’t give an inch .
Not a good start .
Then I launched straight into ‘ The Road to Independence ’ – a kind of Kingdoms - style campaign - cum - tutorial – and , first battle , found myself confronted with a sight that made my inner grognard ( Percival Urquhart III ) recoil in horror .
There , marching down the hill towards my Jamestown militiamen were serried ranks of Iroquois braves .
Do n’t worry , I ’m not going to fill this piece with petty wargamerly complaints about musket reload times and the number of buttons on Prussian gaiters , but I do feel if you ’re going to feature native cultures in your game you should make some effort to model their approach to warfare .
Even American Conquest did a better job of representing the contrast between European and Native American tactics .
But it ’s hard to stay mad at Empire .
A short time after slaughtering those remarkably well - drilled tribesman I gazed upon the gorgeous Quebec map for the first time and my misgivings melted away like snowflakes on a hot cannon barrel .
None of the previews I ’d read or screenshots I ’d gawped at had really prepared me for the scale and beauty of the new battlefields .
Even the demo did n’t hint at it .
For years now RTSs have been palming us off with horribly shrunken topography .
When a title actually tries to represent landscape realistically , the effect is quite stunning .
The venues tend to be more interesting too .
Features like walls and fences , hovels and carts give engagements welcome personality and shape , even if they do make positioning formations a little tricky at times .
As my Bangalore AAR suggests , fighting pitched battles is usually a joy .
Percival can grumble all he likes about the shortcomings of the TacAI , – the heavy weapons it leaves unprotected , the generals it leaves motionless under missile fire , its inappropriate use of squares and miraculous use of cannons – I ’m frankly too busy soaking up the spectacle and struggling to secure victories to listen to him .
Where I concede he may have a point is in his dissatisfaction with the current state of fortress assaults .
While CA have eliminated the siege towers and battering rams that caused occasional silliness in the past ( all infantry now carry ropes and grappling irons ) their absence has n’t made those vital strongpoint - snatching scraps any more credible .
Too many times over the past seven days I ’ve watched my troops scamper up walls unchallenged , or witnessed defenders going up and down ropes like demented Indian fakirs ( actually , to be fair , some of those defenders may actually have been demented Indian fakirs ) .
Too often I ’ve occupied buildings or victory zones inside a fort and not been plausibly punished for my audacity .
The fact that very few wargamers would place a naval wargame in a personal Top Five or Top Ten says a lot about this unfashionable sub - genre .
Expanses of featureless brine do n’t make for particularly interesting arenas , and craft that can be outstripped and out - turned by dawdling dolphins do n’t make for particularly exciting combatants .
Given these inherent limitations , I think what CA has done with their new marine battle element is admirable .
Tactically they are n’t offering us anything that we have n’t seen before in titles like Privateers Bounty .
The wind gauge jockeying , the broadsides , the ammo choices , the boarding … nothing new there .
What Empire provides that you ca n’t get elsewhere is a ) a rich campaign context , and b ) a sense of just how breathtaking these battles were to behold .
First - rate warships of the time were the most impressive mobile objects on the planet – floating communities filled with activity and artillery .
The models in this game with their industrious crews , intricate rigging , and tier upon tier of death - spitting cannons , communicate this rather well .
Given the fantastic detail , I ’d love to have had a slightly more elastic camera at my disposal , and access to a Man of War II - style first - person captain ’s view .
To watch from sea level or bridge , one of these majestic monsters sail past or sink forlornly below the waves , would have been priceless .
Percival is muttering something about absurd turn rates , absent tacking , and the lack of coastal forts and naval bombardments .
Rather than get distracted by his glass - half - empty negativity , I ’ll skip onto discussion of my early , largely positive , campaign experiences .
To describe the Road to Independence campaign as an extended tutorial does it a disservice .
There ’s days of absorbing play in this semi-scripted four - part challenge covering the French and Indian Wars , the War of Independence , and beyond .
It gave me my first taste of great new features like satellite towns ( thriving territories now spawn secondary settlements that can be developed and captured in a similar way to capitals ) class politics ( citizens are now split into proles and gents ) and research .
A little part of me – my left testicle – wishes CA had come up with some devilishly clever alternative to the gnarly old tech - tree .
It ’s only when I try to picture that alternative , and fail , that I have to admit that the use of this strategy staple was probably the wisest way to go .
I am slightly missing my MTW2 agents , missions , and family tree ( superseded , appropriately enough , by a government system ) .
Rakes , gentlemen , and priests have similar talents to their Medieval equivalents , they just seem to lack some of the charm .
Maybe if the game had offered a few more outcome videos , I might feel differently .
Currently , only the duels fought by gentlemen trigger movies .
Then again perhaps I ’m just a little weary of Total War ’s study - odds - then - press - button - and - pray approach to covert capers .
Would an optional mini - game be so very wrong ?
That wet blanket Percival says ‘ Yes , it would ’ .
He ’s also badgering me to mention that the Road to Independence campaign is going to feel decidedly dubious to anyone familiar with AGEOD ’s treatment of the same subject .
The fact that Empire does n’t do logistics or weather - related attrition , means you can build a massive army and stomp around the map like a 200 - foot grizzly bear .
What Percy fails to acknowledge is just how depressing it is to watch a vast army dwindle to nothing enroute to an objective .
Who needs realism like that ?
What might have given the Road to Independence campaign a little more resonance and grit , is a more aggressive British AI and more elusive native forces .
I waited in vain for amphibious invasions that never came ( there seems little point in investing in naval strength ) and intercepted and eliminated my enemy ’s native forays with disturbing ease .
Was that just down to the difficulty setting ?
I ’ll have to play it again to find out .
That ’s part of the problem of any early Empire assessment .
There ’s just so much to see .
I ’ve been so wrapped up on the Indian subcontinent lately , I ’ve seen little of European battlefields and units .
Normally on acquiring a new Total War , one of my first ports of call would be the Historical Battle section .
For some strange reason CA seem to have left it virtually empty this time .
Where ’s Blenheim , Kolin , Plassey , Fontenoy and Panipat ?
Where ’s the Glorious First of June ?
Crikey , I ’m starting to sound like Percy .
All criticisms I level at Empire really need to be qualified with a glib - but - true “ but I ca n’t remember the last time a strategy game entertained me quite this efficiently ” .
That wonderful cheese - and - pickle balance between the real - time violence and the turn - based housekeeping is as perfect as ever , and the new elements , period , and map areas make it all feel improbably fresh .
Over the last few days I ’ve fought engagements so bloody and tense , they ’ve literally been decided by a single musket volley or cannonball .
I ’ve witnessed battle scenes so stirring they deserve to be painted in oils and hung in gloomy regimental museums .
In short I ’ve been totally captivated .
Whatever your inner Percival is telling you , I say ignore him .
Strategy games this sumptuous , subtle and suffused with history come along extremely rarely .
The drastic reinvention plan that General Motors Corp. unveiled Monday would leave the onetime world goliath a smaller , leaner company -- with its legendary Pontiac brand discontinued -- but puts the automaker on a collision course with bondholders that could still land it in Bankruptcy Court .
GM proposed a painful downsizing that would eliminate 21,000 workers , 2,600 dealers , $ 44 billion in debt and four brands -- while making the U.S. government majority owner of what was once the world ’s largest company .
Separately , employees at Chrysler are poised to become majority owners of that troubled company if they approve a deal struck Sunday between the United Auto Workers union and the carmaker .
Factory - level union leaders unanimously recommended Monday that the rank - and - file members approve a deal giving them a 55 % stake .
The U.S. government and Chrysler ’s secure lenders would together get 10 % , and Italian automaker Fiat , which is negotiating a takeover of Chrysler , would eventually end up with a 35 % stake .
Advertisement
At GM , the dramatic changes would allow the company to survive even the current woeful economic conditions , and to thrive when the market rebounds , analysts said .
First the automaker must pull off what it conceded would be a tough task : getting banks and other holders of $ 27 billion in company debt to exchange nearly all of it for GM shares -- and to do so under terms that are much worse than those offered to the U.S. Treasury and the UAW for some of the money owed to them .
The bondholders blasted the proposal , calling it “ neither reasonable nor adequate . ”
A committee representing some bondholders issued a statement saying the plan “ amounts to using taxpayer money to show political favoritism of one creditor over another . ”
And GM still is n’t done negotiating with the UAW , which is trying to preserve as much of its retirees ’ healthcare trust as possible .
Advertisement
But investors liked the plan , sending GM stock up 21 % on Monday to $ 2.04 .
Pontiac workers who faced a shutdown of the brand by the end of 2010 were nervous .
At a plant in Fremont , Calif. , that produces the Pontiac Vibe and Toyota Matrix through a joint venture between GM and Toyota Motor Corp. , employees were uncertain about their futures .
“ We always assume there will be something coming down the line , ” said David Busbee , 45 , who has worked there for more than two decades , most recently in quality assurance .
“ Car models change .
But it ’s maybe the end .
We ’ve all started to question the options we have . ”
Under a deadline set by the Obama administration , GM has a little over a month to close the deal with the bondholders and get White House approval for its restructuring plan or face an even more dramatic step : filing for bankruptcy protection .
GM plans to ask federal officials for an additional $ 11.6 billion in loans on top of the $ 15.4 billion it has already received .
Advertisement
“ The objective here is not to survive -- the objective is to develop an operating plan that helps us win , ” GM Chief Executive Fritz Henderson told reporters Monday .
“ If this can not be accomplished out of court , we will go in court and accomplish a restructuring through bankruptcy if necessary . ”
Bondholders will have to weigh GM ’s offer of a 10 % equity stake in the company against the possibility that they could get much less , or even nothing , in Bankruptcy Court , said Shelly Lombard , a debt analyst at research firm Gimme Credit .
GM warned bondholders of that possibility in a letter Monday , and Henderson said GM executives believed that would be the only option if the debt - reduction plan fails .
“ This looks like a lousy deal , ” Lombard said .
“ But I ’m not sure the bondholders have the leverage to get a much better deal . ”
Monday ’s restructuring plan , the third unveiled since November , accelerated and expanded the version proposed by GM in February .
The Obama administration auto task force rejected it last month , forced out former GM CEO Rick Wagoner and gave GM until June 1 to make more drastic changes or face bankruptcy .
Advertisement
Key elements of the new plan include :
* Eliminating 21,000 salaried and hourly jobs by the end of next year , 7,000 more than previously announced , and closing 13 plants .
* Cutting its U.S. dealer ranks 42 % , to 3,600 .
GM said it would soon begin contacting the 2,600 dealers it had selected for elimination -- 500 more than contemplated in the previous restructuring plan -- and make them offers to surrender their GM franchises .
That could cost billions of dollars .
* Shutting down Pontiac and ceasing production of three brands earlier than planned .
GM will eliminate Hummer , Saturn and Saab if it does n’t find buyers for them by the end of the year .
It will then focus on four brands : Chevrolet , Cadillac , GMC and Buick .
Advertisement
* Selling only 34 car models by 2010 , down from 48 in 2007 .
* Reducing the break - even point .
The cuts are designed to allow GM to break even in a market with industry sales in the U.S. as low as 10 million vehicles a year .
Last year , 13.2 million cars and light trucks were sold in the U.S. , but sales were on a 9.8 - million - unit annual pace through the first quarter of this year .
* Giving the government at least 50 % of GM ’s common stock in exchange for $ 10 billion of the money the government has lent the company .
The union would hold as much as 39 % , and bondholders would get a 10 % share .
Current shareholders would effectively be wiped out .
“ The administration has made no final decision regarding the treatment of its current loan to GM or with respect to any future investments in the company , ” the task force said in a written statement .
Advertisement
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs reiterated the administration ’s position that “ it is not our desire to either own or run one of the auto companies . ”
Chrysler , which has borrowed $ 4 billion from the government , has been given until Thursday to reduce its debt , cut union costs and forge a merger with Fiat .
It made progress Monday toward meeting the deadline when German automaker Daimler agreed to relinquish its 19.9 % stake in Chrysler , simplifying negotiations with Fiat , and pay as much as $ 600 million into Chrysler ’s pension fund .
On Sunday , Chrysler reached a deal with the UAW and the Canadian Auto Workers .
The Canadian union has ratified the deal , which is expected to save the company nearly $ 200 million a year in labor costs .
UAW members are expected to vote on the deal by Wednesday , a day ahead of the government ’s deadline for Chrysler to restructure .
Union President Ron Gettelfinger said it would help keep the automaker out of bankruptcy .
GM is also negotiating with those unions , but said it had not yet reached an agreement on new concessions with either and would continue talks .
Advertisement
One sticking point has been reducing by as much as half GM ’s $ 20 billion in cash obligations to a retiree healthcare trust .
The automaker said it would accomplish that goal with a debt - for - equity swap , and would also offer the same exchange to the Treasury in exchange for up to $ 10 billion in debt and to private holders of $ 27 billion in GM bonds .
A tender offer extended by the company to bondholders would trade 225 shares for every $ 1,000 in debt .
To avoid a bankruptcy filing , Henderson said , at least 90 % , or $ 24 billion , of that debt would have to be voluntarily swapped .
“ The offer is unlikely to be accepted , ” said Brian Johnson of Barclays Capital .
Calling the latest GM plan “ brinkmanship , ” he calculated that the tender would be worth zero to 5 cents per dollar of outstanding debt to bondholders , compared with 50 to 60 cents per dollar to the union .
Advertisement
Aaron Bragman , an industry analyst at IHS Global Insight , said he expected GM and the bondholders to continue negotiating as the June 1 deadline approaches .
“ It ’s going to come down to what they think can get in bankruptcy versus outside bankruptcy , ” he said of the bondholders .
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
Advertisement
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
Ellen Lee in Fremont , Calif. , and the Associated Press contributed to this report .
Microsoft has really been pushing its “ Apple Tax ” marketing message .
First we had the latest round of “ I ’m a PC ” ads .
Then we had Steve Ballmer claiming that , in the current economic climate , it makes no sense to pay a premium for an Apple logo .
And now we ’ve got a marketing brief disguised as a whitepaper from analyst Roger Kay , entitled “ What Price Cool ? ” ( which you can read in PDF form ) .
The gist of this marketing push : “ Apple computers are more expensive than Windows machines because , well , hey , wait a minute — why should you pay more for a Mac ? ”
The numbers game
Kay provides several tables in which he compares laptops and desktops feature by feature — processor , amount of RAM , hard drive capacity , graphics chips , etc .
Looking at those tables , the conclusion seems inescapable : Macs cost more .
Kay is n’t alone in that assessment .
There have been plenty of Macs - to - Windows - PCs comparisons lately .
Typical of the genre :
The recent story on our sister site , PCWorld.com , comparing $ 1,000 laptops .
Writer James Martin’s “ goal was to see what you ’d get , in terms of features and specs , if you spent $ 1,000 on a MacBook versus the same amount spent on a Windows machine . ”
( He did the same for the $ 2,000 price - point . )
James is a pro , and his story is well - documented and thorough .
His conclusion : “ If you ’ve got $ 1,000 to spend , there ’s no question :
Your dollar will go farther , in terms of specs and features , with the Dell or HP notebooks . ”
Most other reports , like Kay ’s , come to the same conclusion .
Macworld ’s Dan Frakes and Dan Moren have already posted their well - considered responses to the Mac - Windows comparisons and to Kay ’s report , respectively .
( Yes , we have a cabal of Dans here . )
My reaction is somewhat less refined : Whenever I read about the supposed advantages of Windows PCs over Macs , I find myself muttering : “ Yeah , but then you ’ve got to use Windows . ”
Read more …
Missing the point
These comparisons deliberately leave the operating system out of their considerations .
The reasoning :
The choice of operating system is too subjective to be included in such objective , numbers - based studies .
Kay even trots out the old De gustibus non disputandem est chestnut .
True , there may be no debating taste .
But that does n’t mean it ’s irrelevant to the buying decision .
In fact , I think it ’s pretty much the whole decision .
Hardware specs are fine , but they reflect a relatively minor part of the computing experience .
For example , I spend maybe five minutes a month dealing with the ports on my Macbook ( primarily to plug and unplug things when I take it home or on the road ) .
Otherwise , I do n’t touch them , and they work just fine .
If I need more USB ports , I can buy a hub .
If I need Firewire 800 , I can get an adapter cable .
When I need to read a flash - card from my camera , I use my multifunction printer .
But I spend 8 + hours a day dealing with the operating system .
OS X is , to me , pretty much the entire reason to use a Mac .
I could spell out the reasons why I prefer OS X to Windows .
There are the negative ones ( no viruses , no Registry , etc. ) , but the positive ones matter more .
The superior fit - and - finish of OS X is n’t just a matter of aesthetics ( though those do n’t hurt ) .
As the Apple mantra puts it , design is about the way things work .
OS X is a really well - designed tool .
It makes it easier for me to do virtually everything I do on a computer .
By comparison , I find Windows clunky : Configuring and troubleshooting it are painful , the security thing is a pain , and it ’s crashy .
To me , it just does n’t work as well as OS X .
And I say this as someone who , until five years ago , had spent his entire computing career using DOS and then Windows .
I worked at PC World for nine years .
I wrote about Windows 3.0 when it first came out .
And I still use Windows occasionally .
I ’ve been testing a pre-release version of HP ’s MediaSmart server , which requires Windows to set up .
( HP thoughtfully sent along a Windows Vista laptop . )
And I use VMWare Fusion ( with Windows XP ) to access some Web sites that wo n’t work properly on my Mac .
In both cases , under VMWare and on the laptop , my Windows experience has been less than stellar .
To be honest , it gave me some not very pleasant flashbacks .
It ’s not that I do n’t know Windows .
I just do n’t like it .
Stay cool , boys
That ’s why comparisons like Kay ’s get under my skin .
They ’re lots of hand - waving about stuff that , ultimately , does n’t matter that much .
And it ignores the stuff that does .
But Kay ’s Microsoft - sponsored report goes beyond that pseudo - objective fallacy and heads straight to the land of the loony .
In explaining why Apple ’s products cost more than Windows PCs , he comes up with a pretty jaw - dropping premise : Apple has survived as a company only because Steve Jobs is a “ bully ” who ’s coerced us cowering Mac users into using his products lest we not be deemed , um , cool .
No , really , that ’s what he says :
All during this time , even in the darkest of ages , when Apple hung onto a 2 % share with its fingernails , the Mac community held vigil .
Their inner belief was sheltered against the cold wind of market sentiment by secret thoughts that they were , well , better .
Fewer crashes , less clutter , and , as time wore on , fewer viruses .
But it was more than that , the Mac was just more elegantly done , nay , cooler .
And this belief only grew with the high - wire performance of the resurrected Steve Jobs , back from his stint at Next to rescue Apple , who , master prestidigitator , pulled one rabbit after another out of his hat .
Every product more amazing than the last .
It was hypnotic .
Bullying as a form of marketing .
OK , Kay , you ’ve got us : I mean , have n’t we all seen those gangs of Mac users , wearing their cool varsity jackets , roaming around town , laughing derisively at anyone they see using a Windows PC ?
But for the benefit of my Windows - using friends , I will say for the record : I do n’t use a Mac because it ’s cool .
I use it because it works better for me .
I use it because it does n’t stink .
It ’s not that I pay an “ Apple Tax . ”
I think Windows buyers get a “ Microsoft Discount . ”
The deal :
We ’ll charge you less for this computer , but you ’ve got to put up with Windows .
To me , Windows is like the People Express of operating systems .
Preferring the computer equivalent to Jet Blue or Virgin America is n’t about being cool ; it ’s about getting where I need to go efficiently and with a modicum of comfort .
But , look , this is your choice .
If Windows does n’t bug you , by all means , buy a Windows PC and count whatever savings that affords you .
Honest , I wo n’t think you ’re uncool .
I ’ll just disagree with you and go back to work .
This all started last Friday , March 27th , 2009 .
I had received a letter from Afni , Inc. , a " Settlement Offer " from an old account I had with Verizon Northwest , Inc. ( residential phone line ) .
We are making another attempt to contact you regarding your overdue account .
In an effort to resolve this matter we will accept $ 215.19 , 25 % of the current amount due .
Once paid , our records will reflect the status of your account with Afni , Inc. , as settled in full .
This is an attempt to collect a debt .
Any information obtained will be used for that purpose .
You have the right to inspect your credit .
This is a letter from a debt collector .
Now , here is where I was confused .
Yes , I had a residential line with Verizon Northwest , Inc. in 2000 - 2001 .
It was ran up by my roommate in my name and I owed them $ 860.75 .
I paid settled this account in 2002 and it was paid off .
So when I received this on Friday , I thought this had to be a mistake .
So I called Afni , Inc. on Saturday .
They explained that this money was still due .
After letting them know that this account had been paid off years ago , they asked me to send them the receipt .
Here 's where it gets hairy .
I purged those receipts because they were over 7 years old .
Afni , Inc. said that if I can't prove this was paid , I will have to pay them the money they allege I owe .
So yesterday , I call Verizon Northwest and find out why I am still reflecting money due .
Mind you , this collection account has never shown up on my credit report , never received any correspondence from this , or any other company regarding this debt .
This is the first notice I 've received regarding this old account from 2001 .
I have been actively trying to get my credit in order since 2004 by paying off old collection accounts and clearing old debt from my report .
After speaking with Verizon , they have no record of me owning any money to Verizon for this account .
It shows in their database as being paid .
After explaining to Verizon that Afni wo n't believe me that this money has been paid , I asked Verizon to conference over to Afni so we can talk to them together and get this all straightened out .
At that point , speaking with Afni , with Verizon listening in , Afni explained that since I purged my receipts , I cannot prove that this money has been paid , and therefore I will have no choice but to pay them or I will have this collection " hit " my credit .
Yes , I was just threatened by Afni at this point , with Verizon as a verbal witness .
And the burden of proof is on my shoulders , according to Afni .
Mind you , they have no proof that I even owe this money but suggested I call the post office and order a trace on a money order I paid in 2002 .
I asked how exactly I can do this when I have no money order number , or the exact date that it was paid ( let alone does the Post Office even have these records after all this time ??? ) .
This is where the scam part comes in .
When I was trying to find Verizon 's number to call them yesterday morning , I came across this site called " Rip - Off Report " where an almost identical situation occurred with a lady regarding an old account .
Out of the blue I received this so called ' settlement offer ' from afni inc. collections .
They state they are making ANOTHER attempt to collect $ 1221.65 for Verizon Northwest Inc. on a non-verizon phone number I had closed the account on 12 years ago when I moved away from that city !
WTF ???
They have MY name , MY social security
number .
1st thing odd of course is the amount .
2nd thing odd is that it is so outdated .
3rd thing is that it is for a phone number I really used to have , and closed out when we sold the house .
So now I 'm starting to get pissed .
I start researching further and found this blog showing that they have been doing this for a while .
If you ’ve come across this blog after searching for " Afni Collections " or " Afni Collections , Inc. " because you think that you ’re being scammed after receiving a collections notice for a telecommunications company such as Verizon , you ’ve come to the right Website .
Before I explain the purpose of this site , however , I have to say something to you immediately :
Do not pay a single cent to Afni Collections , Inc .
Located in Bloomington , Illinois , Afni Collections , Inc. has been sending fake collection notices to people all over the United States — possibly even to Canada — hoping that someone is willing to take the bait and give them money that is n’t actually owed .
In some cases the bill had been a legitimate one many years ago but has since been paid off ; in other cases — myself included —
Afni sent collection notices for Verizon bills that simply never existed in the first place .
" Lying to consumers about debts they do n’t owe and harassing and threatening them when they do n’t pay are illegal business practices , period , " Lydia Parnes , director of the FTC ’s Bureau of Consumer Protection , said on the FTC website .
" We will aggressively pursue companies that use these tactics to extort money from consumers . "
At ripoffreport.com , Afni is well known .
We found about 255 reports from consumers throughout the country who have been in situations similar to yours .
Afni asks them to pay bills dating back to the 1990s from different Verizon companies .
Many of the consumers said that when they protested , the collection agency backed off .
" We sue [ Afni ] all the time for failing to abide by the Fair Credit Reporting Act and the Fair Debt and Collection Practices Act , " Miami consumer lawyer Samira Ghazal said .
My blood pressure starts to rise .
I 've have been scammed !
Here this company sent me what looked like a valid collection notice for an account that has been paid .
Even after I 've told them that Verizon does not show money owed , they still threatened to go after me if I do n't pay them .
This morning I filed a complaint against them to the Federal Trade Commission and have send them a certified letter explaining that I do not owe this money and the burden of proof will be on them to show me that this debt is real :
To whom it may concern :
This letter is being sent to formally dispute the validity of an alleged debt , in its entirety , of $ 860.75 from a creditor known as " Verizon Northwest , Inc. " for an alleged disconnected telephone number of " ( xxx ) xxx - xxxx " .
Pursuant to the Fair Debt Collection Practices
Act , I am formally requesting validation — in full — of the alleged debt on which you are attempting to collect .
At this time , Verizon does not have any records of me owing any monies from past due accounts .
Be aware that this letter is not a request for address validation ; this letter is to formally dispute the validity of the alleged debt that is listed on the collection notice and demand that the debt validation is provided to me , by you , in its entirety in accordance with both federal and [ my state ] state laws .
All communications and correspondence pertaining to this matter are to be carried out via the United States Postal Service at the mailing address found below and not by way of telephone , e-mail , or any form of electronic communication .
All forms of correspondence pertaining to this matter received at and sent from said mailing address have and will be photocopied and retained for any and all future legal proceedings if necessary .
My specific dispute with the Afni Collections , Inc. alleged debt is based on the fact that I did in fact pay off this account to Verizon Northwest , Inc. and settled for an amount due in 2002 .
Be advised that the hardcopy and photocopies of the Afni Collections , Inc. collection notice and all future documentation pertaining to this matter have and will be retained and / or photocopied for use by my attorney and each agency that I am contacting regarding this situation .
I have also documented all phone conversations as well and will continue to keep records of all phone calls made / received by your company .
Furthermore , I have already been made aware of these types of scams your company runs to try to extort money from unsuspecting customers .
I have contacted the FTC on this matter and filed a complaint against your company .
If I continue to be harrassed by your company , I will be forced to file suit for your fraudulent and illegal activities .
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter .
Anyway , thanks for reading .
I feel that I should get the word out to all you guys since I know now that this is not an isolated incident .
Take care you guys .
With most of us being held hostage by our credit scores / reports , I take this kind of illegal activity very seriously as does the FTC .
Thanks ,
MT
UPDATE : Thank you all for reading and recommending this diary .
I really wanted you all to know what is going on and really appreciate Dkos support on my first diary on the rec list !
Thank you for posting your comments and stories .
You all have been so helpful .
As I said in my comment below ( possibly buried ) , I have become literally sick because of this .
I lost 5 pounds in two days from lost sleep and stress .
I can't eat , I can't focus on school .
This has made me so upset and frustrated , even talking about it makes my hands shake and my heart race .
I 've spent yesterday trying to recover from panic attacks and even reading it again now brings all those feelings back .
I want to sue them for causing all this distress .
But in the mean time , I will contact my State Attorney General , I 've reported them to the Federal Trade Commission ( above ) and will continue to log and keep records of all contact until this has been resolved .
Thank you again and take care .
We all need to be diligent in our credit ratings .
Especially when we are held hostage by these ratings .
MT
UPDATE # 2 : After reading through all the comments ( finally ! )
I wanted to update with some important facts :
Verizon admitted they do not show this account as being outstanding or that there is any money past due .
Verizon suggested I only speak with Afni regarding this matter .
They did not offer any help and would not send me anything showing that this account has been paid in full .
I 'm suspecting they are " in bed " with these goons .
This past account NEVER showed up on my credit report .
Let me say this again :
This was never on my credit report .
The reason being that this was paid off in 2002 .
Afni is alleging that they have had this in their collections since 2001 .
The account was closed in late 2001 , paid in 2002 to a company called Pinnacle Financial .
Afni is full of shit .
Afni never proved to me that they are authorized to collect this debt for Verizon .
This is where I suspected fraudulent activities .
If I pay the $ 215 to Afni , it will do nothing .
It wo n't change anything since I do n't owe Verizon anything .
It wo n't reflect my credit report since it was never on my credit report .
Afni admitted that they have only performed " inquiries " on my credit report .
The same " inquiries " credit card companies send out when they are using those " pre-approved " letters .
So , this is what I 've done so far : I 've sent Afni a certified letter stating they have 30 days to provide proof of money owed ( plus much more legal jargon ) .
I 've filed a complaint against Afni with the FTC .
I 've filed a mail fraud complaint against Afni to the USPS .
And plan on contacting both my state Attorney General 's office and the Illinois Attorney General 's office regarding this matter .
I really appreciate all your comments and helpful advice / links , etc .
Seeing some of you with the same letters out there is just scary , but shows that this is a nationwide scam that needs to be addressed .
I will let you guys know when I hear back .
Thanks ,
MT
Republican MPs criticised for taking taxpayers ' money for London residences even though they do not take their seats at Westminster
Sinn Féin 's five MPs each claimed £ 21,000 in second - home allowances from the UK parliament last year , despite refusing to take their seats in the House of Commons .
The republican movement said the money was paid for renting two houses in London used by Gerry Adams , Martin McGuinness , Michelle Gildernew , Pat Doherty and Conor Murphy when they are working in the capital .
Sinn Féin
MPs have never been allowed to take their seats in the Commons because they refuse to swear an oath of allegiance to the Queen due to the fact that they do not recognise Westminster 's authority over Northern Ireland .
In 2001 , as part of the Northern Ireland peace process , the government altered parliamentary rules to allow them access to Westminster allowances and office space despite not taking their seats .
They are not allowed the MPs ' salary of £ 64,766 , however .
The details of the Sinn Féin arrangements were criticised yesterday by the Conservative spokesman on Northern Ireland , Owen Patterson .
" It is completely unacceptable for Sinn Féin representatives , who wo n't even sit in parliament , to claim hundreds of thousands at the taxpayers ' expense , " he told the Daily Mail .
According to the latest figures , the party has claimed more than £ 400,000 on London properties since 2001 - 2 .
" This was agreed as part of the political negotiations eight or nine years ago , " a Sinn Féin spokesman in Belfast told the Guardian last night .
" We were given the same allowances that other parties are entitled to .
The MPs do not take the salaries .
We rent two houses in London .
We publish an audit of our expenses every year in Dublin . "
Martin McGuinness , Conor Murphy , Michelle Gildernew and Pat Doherty all claimed £ 21,000 of a maximum £ 23,083 from the additional costs allowance in 2007 - 08 , while Gerry Adams , the republican party 's president , claimed £ 21,131 .
A Sinn Féin spokesman said the party made no apology for refusing to sit in the House of Commons , nor for " ensuring that those people who vote for Sinn Féin get the same democratic entitlements as everyone else " .
He added : " When Sinn Féin secured expenses from Westminster in line with our democratic mandate we made it clear that we would use the facilities and resources to on one hand provide a top- quality constituency service and on the other to campaign in England and amongst MPs for Irish unity and independence .
This is exactly what we have done . "
He said that all five MPs had been active " both in providing a top - class constituency service , including fully staffed offices , and in the United Ireland campaign , which will see a major conference in London in the coming year .
This is what we are elected to do and what we will continue to be engaged in , in the time ahead . "
Unionist parties were quick to criticise Sinn Féin .
Tom Elliott , an Ulster Unionist member of the Stormont assembly , said : " It is staggering that MPs who refuse to represent their constituents in parliament are funded by the UK taxpayer to have houses in London .
At a time when jobs are being lost and public spending is being squeezed , why exactly are UK taxpayers funding absentee Sinn Féin MPs ?
Why exactly are UK taxpayers paying for Sinn Féin MPs to have residences in London when Sinn Féin MPs do no work in parliament ?
" It is essential that the review of MPs ' salaries and expenses clearly links this money from taxpayers with MPs actually doing their job in parliament . "
A spokesman for the Democratic Unionist party said : " The DUP uses any and all allowances we receive to serve the constituents we represent and to enable us to perform our parliamentary duties .
It is for others to explain how they can take Westminster allowances without actually sitting in the House of Commons and representing their constituents . "
According to Commons rules , the purpose of the additional costs allowance – known as the second - home allowance – is " to reimburse members for necessary costs incurred when staying overnight away from their main home for the purpose of performing parliamentary duties " .
All MPs except those living in inner London can claim it so they can have a base near Westminster as well as one in their constituency .
There is no suggestion the Sinn Féin MPs have broken parliamentary rules in claiming the allowance .
Additional costs allowance claims by ministers Jacqui Smith , Tony McNulty , Alistair Darling and others have all been the source of controversy recently .
Smith defended herself again yesterday for registering the house she shares with her sister in London as her main home and her family property in Redditch as her second home .
The committee on standards in public life is expected to conclude an inquiry into MPs ' pay and allowances by autumn .
Recruiters talk a lot about how to use social media / social networking to step up your recruiting game .
Let me ask you a question though – for the HR or recruiting pro who also does more than talent acquisition – let ’s say for you generalists or business partners who dabble in employee relations … what happens once you recruit someone via social networking and you ’ve got them in the door ?
Your candidates - turned - employees were on some kind of social networking site when you found them and today , as they sit 20 feet down the hall from you in their nice , little cubicle , they are still online .
They are still on LinkedIn , Facebook , MySpace , and / or Twitter .
And guess what ?
They ’re on these sites during the day – during work hours .
Does this freak you out at all ?
And is it freaking your managers out ?
We ’re more connected than ever with one another .
And this is a good thing .
Your employees are collaborating and building stronger bonds with each other in part because of social networks .
Engaged Employees have friends and strong relationships at work – and believe it or not , FB and other social networks are helping to solve the engagement puzzle .
Even if you do n’t have an employer group or network set up on FB , I guarantee your staff have still found each other and are friends on FB .
Take me , for example – of my 179 friends on FB , 29 of them are work colleagues .
And I ’m a FB novice – the average Facebook user has 281 friends … imagine what their colleagues - as - friends stats are like .
But , here ’s the flip side of the issue – we can , and we do , track each other online .
And this can cause some problems .
A few examples :
– A manager hears about their employee ’s “ status update ” on FB from someone who is friends with them on FB .
Their status update says something disgruntled , and they updated it during work hours .
The manager wants the employee to remove or change their status update .
– A colleague notices that another colleague makes a lot of updates or posts a lot on FB during work hours … and they know this because of the date / time stamp on FB ’s news feeds .
“ Why are they spending so much time online , during work hours ? ” they ask .
And should this be raised in their performance review ?
In both of these scenarios , it was a gen X or baby boomer who raised the issue about a millennial .
This should n’t be surprising to you – after all , you ’re a savvy , upscale HR pro and know that millennials do n’t distinguish between work and play during the day – the lines are blurred .
They are the ultimate multitaskers and have become adept at switching seamlessly between professional and personal throughout the day or night .
In these two situations I share , they were n’t saying anything disparaging , nor confidential on FB .
So the magical answer to both of the questions raised ?
A big fat N - O .
No , you should n’t make the employee change their status update .
No , do n’t raise FB usage in their performance review .
HR and IT pros both have struggled with the question of whether to allow access to or the use of social networks in the workplace .
Let ’s come up with a policy and regulate use or ban it !
But I ’d argue that this is n’t the appropriate response .
More rules and policies wo n’t fix the problem .
And that is , if you consider this even being a problem .
Are they getting the job done ?
If yes , well then …
Besides , to recruit using social networks and then try to ban or reprimand the use of such during work hours ?
Well , that would make you a bit of a hypocrite .
But hey , that ’s just my point of view and I ’m a millennial , after all , so maybe my perspective is colored .
You tell me what you think though and while you ’re doing that , I ’ll be over on FB checking to see what my friends are up to on the live feed .
Oliver went missing while out on a walk with his owners
An ageing and partially deaf springer spaniel has survived five weeks and two days lost in the hills .
Oliver 's owners had given him up for dead following fruitless searches after he ran off during a walk up Ben Fhionnlaidh near Glen Etive .
He went missing on 24 February , but was found curled up in a shed on 2 April - eight miles as the crow flies , but 44 by road , from his home in the glen .
His owner Deborah Wyton said Oliver had been very hungry and thirsty .
She said : " He is my wonder dog . "
We thought he had gone off to die because 12 weeks earlier he had a stroke and the vet was n't sure how long he would last
Deborah Wyton Mrs Wyton and her husband Michael spent hours looking for 12 - and - a- half year old Oliver after he disappeared while on a walk with three other of the family 's dogs .
She said : " We thought he had gone off to die because 12 weeks earlier he had a stroke and the vet was n't sure how long he would last . "
The dog was discovered at a property on the opposite side of the munro Ben Fhionnlaidh .
The man who found him gave him food and water and had to clean his tag of mud to see who the owner was .
Mrs Wyton said : " I think I almost deafened the man when he told me he had found Oliver .
I screamed .
I was so happy . "
Shark - infested
The springer spaniel 's story of survival comes amid reports that a dog which was washed overboard and believed drowned was found four months later - as a castaway on a remote Australian island .
Sophie Tucker - named after the famous US entertainer - vanished as Jan and Dave Griffith sailed through stormy waters off Queensland last November .
But unknown to her owners , the plucky dog survived a long swim across shark - infested waters to an island .
There she lived on a diet of baby goats until being found by visiting rangers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Through a series of carefully constructed themes , ranging from the boy as passive love object to soldier boys , from the boy under the female gaze to " what is a boy ? " , Greer opens our eyes and invites us to appreciate boys in all their sensuality , flirtatiousness , spontaneity and vulnerability .
Whether discussing sculptures of Cupid of Apollo , paintings by Caravaggio or Van Dyck , and photographs by Nan Goldin or Sally Mann ; whether quoting Ovid , Flaubert , Milan Kundera or Eminem ; whether describing martyred saints , the dancer Nijinsky or James Dean , Germaine Greer explores the iconic ideal of the beautiful boy , with the aid of more than 200 pictures ranging over the whole history of art .
For everyone ’s good , we need to leave the oceans well alone for a while .
That ’s the recommendation of over 100 scientific papers assessed by the Professor of Marine Conservation at the University of York , England .
All these papers suggest that the demonstrably successful marine protected area ( MPA ) scheme should be dramatically expanded until it covers at least 20 % of the world ’s oceans – and maybe even up to one - third of them .
Why ?
Because many fish stocks are in deep crisis – not just depleted but at such dangerously low levels that their ability to reproduce is threatened , making their recovery more a question of If rather than When .
In the waters around Europe , conditions are dire – some 88 % of all European fishing stocks are being overfished , and the European Union can shoulder a lot of the blame with its largely ineffective Common Fisheries Policy , doing little in practice to limit the efficiency of oversized fishing boat fleets and supporting muddleheaded subsidizing designed to help hard - hit fishermen make profits by chasing after what little is left under the waves .
The answer seems to be to ban fishing outright in the hardest - hit areas .
This worked stunningly well around the UK ’s Lundy Island – but that was small - scale .
A worldwide , large - scale fishing ban is likely to light the touchpaper for the marine food industry and prove immensely unpopular for everyone whose traditional livelihood has just been outlawed to them .
If managed badly , it ’s going to ruin lives .
But what other answer is there ?
Either fish populations are allowed to recover – or they ’re hunted until they never will again .
Image : treehouse1977
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton let slip last week that the Obama administration has finally abandoned the phrase “ war on terror . ”
Its absence had been noted by commentators .
There was no directive , Clinton said , “ it ’s just not being used . ”
It may seem a trivial thing , but the change in rhetoric marks a significant turning point in the ideological contest with radical Islam .
That is because the war on terror has always been a conflict more rhetorical than real .
There is , of course , a very real , very bloody military component in the struggle against extremist forces in the Muslim world , though one can argue whether the U.S. and allied engagements in Iraq , Afghanistan and beyond are an integral part of that struggle , a distraction from it or , worse , evidence of its subversion and failure .
But to the extent that the war on terror has been posited , from the start , as a war of ideology -- a clash of civilizations -- it is a rhetorical war , one fought more constructively with words and ideas than with guns and bombs .
The truth is that the phrase “ war on terror ” has always been problematic , not just because “ terror , ” “ terrorism ” and “ terrorist ” are wastebasket terms that often convey as much about the person using them as they do about the events or people being described , but because this was never meant to be a war against terrorism per se .
If it were , it would have involved the Basque separatists in Spain , the Hindu / Marxist Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka , the Maoist rebels in eastern India , Israeli ultranationalists , the Kurdish PKK , remnants of the Irish Republican Army and the Sikh separatist movements , and so on .
Rather , the war on terror , as conceived of by the Bush administration , was targeted at a particular brand of terrorism -- that employed exclusively by Islamic entities .
Which is why the enemy in this ideological conflict was gradually and systematically expanded to include not just the people who attacked the U.S. on Sept. 11 , 2001 , and the organizations that supported them , but an ever - widening conspiracy of disparate groups , such as Hamas in Palestine , Hezbollah in Lebanon , the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt , the clerical regime in Iran , the Sunni insurgency in Iraq , the Kashmiri militants , the Taliban and any other organization that declared itself Muslim and employed terrorism as a tactic .
Advertisement
According to the master narrative of the war on terror , these were a monolithic enemy with a common agenda and a shared ideology .
Never mind that many of these groups consider one another to be a graver threat than they consider America , that they have vastly different and sometimes irreconcilable political yearnings and religious beliefs , and that , until the war on terror , many had never thought of the United States as an enemy .
Give this imaginary monolith a made - up name -- say , “ Islamofascism ” -- and an easily recognizable enemy is created , one that exists not so much as a force to be defeated but as an idea to be opposed , one whose chief attribute appears to be that “ they ” are not “ us . ”
By lumping together the disparate forces , movements , armies , ideas and grievances of the greater Muslim world , from Morocco to Malaysia ; by placing them in a single category ( “ enemy ” ) , assigning them a single identity ( “ terrorist ” ) ; and by countering them with a single strategy ( war ) , the Bush administration seemed to be making a blatant statement that the war on terror was , in fact , “ a war against Islam . ”
That is certainly how the conflict has been viewed by a majority in four major Muslim countries -- Egypt , Morocco , Pakistan and Indonesia -- in a worldpublicopinion.org poll in 2007 .
Nearly two - thirds of respondents said they believe that the purpose of the war on terror is to “ spread Christianity in the region ” of the Middle East .
Indeed , if the war on terror was meant to be an ideological battle against groups such as Al Qaeda for the hearts and minds of Muslims , the consensus around the globe seems to be that the battle has been lost .
Advertisement
A September 2008 BBC World Service survey of 23 countries , including Russia , Australia , Pakistan , Turkey , France , Germany , Britain , the U.S. , China and Mexico , found that almost 60 % of all respondents said the war on terror has either had no effect or that it has made Al Qaeda stronger .
Forty - seven percent said they think that neither side was winning ; 56 % of Americans have that view .
It is time not just to abandon the phrase “ war on terror ” but to admit that the ideological struggle against radical Islam could never be won militarily .
The battle for the hearts and minds of Muslims will take place not in the streets of Baghdad or in the mountains of Afghanistan but in the suburbs of Paris , the slums of East London and the cosmopolitan cities of Berlin and New York .
In the end , the most effective weapon in countering the appeal of groups such as Al Qaeda may be the words we use .
SOCIALISM’S BASE ….
Last week ’s Rasmussen poll on capitalism vs. socialism raised quite a few eyebrows .
The result showed 53 % of the public supported capitalism as the superior system ; one in five backed socialism , and a surprisingly high 27 % were n’t sure .
Perhaps more important were the results for adults under 30 : 37 % backed capitalism , 33 % socialism , and 30 % are undecided .
Harold Meyerson considers these results and concludes that socialism , despite no meaningful support in the American political mainstream , is no longer linked to anti-Americanism .
That ’s especially true for those who were barely born when the Berlin Wall fell .
Twenty - somethings are more open to socialism — or social capitalism — than 30 - somethings not only because they never lived through the Soviet threat but because the economy , during the years in which deregulatory policy and Wall Street financialization were at their height , has n’t worked very well for them .
Americans under 29 scored well to the left of the general public in a recent survey by the Center for American Progress , and voters under 30 backed Barack Obama by a 34 - point margin in November , 66 percent to 32 percent .
The young may now disdain Wall Street — but what do they know of socialism , past and present ?
Who even speaks of socialism in America today ?
The answer , of course , is the demagogic right .
According to Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Glenn Beck and their ilk , Obama is taking America down the Socialist Road .
As Benjamin Sarlin has noted on the Web site the Daily Beast , the talkmeisters of the right have linked a doctrine that never commanded much support in America to a president whose approval rating hovers around 60 percent and much higher than that among the young .
Rush and his boys are doing what Gene Debs and his comrades never really could .
In tandem with Wall Street , they are building socialism in America .
The irony is rich .
The quality of the questions asked of students worries Ofqual
The new qualifications watchdog for England has made its presence known with a damning report on the standards of general science and physics GCSEs , which it says require " immediate , firm action " .
Below is a summary of its main concerns , with some illustrations of the " decline " it is concerned about .
MULTIPLE CHOICE
One of the main bones of contention for Ofqual is the prevalence of " objective testing " ( multiple choice questions ) .
Chair of Ofqual , Kathleen Tattersall , says in her letter to Schools Minister Jim Knight that the high weight given to these is a cause for concern .
They can mean that students do not really have the opportunity to demonstrate the full extent of their knowledge , particularly the requisite knowledge for a grade A .
Here are some examples taken from examining bodies offering the GCSE science paper .
GCSE Science ( Edexcel , 2006 ) Our moon seems to disappear during an eclipse .
Some people say this is because an old lady covers the moon with her cloak .
She does this so that thieves cannot steal the shiny coins on the surface .
Which of these would help scientists to prove or disprove this idea ?
A ) Collect evidence from people who believe the lady sees the thieves B ) Shout to the lady that the thieves are coming C ) Send a probe to the moon to search for coins D ) Look for fingerprints GCSE Science ( Edexcel , 2006 ) Many people observe the stars using A ) A telescope B ) A microscope C ) An X - Ray tube D ) A synthesiser GCSE Biology ( AQA 2008 ) When we sweat water leaves the body through A ) Kidneys B ) Liver C ) Lungs D ) Skin Higher paper in science GCSE , Edexcel
At the astronomical club Alec and Louise discuss the possibility of intelligent life existing on other planets .
Which of the following statements supports the possibility of existence of intelligent life in our galaxy ?
A ) The galaxy is expanding very quickly B )
The earth is over four billion years old C )
The search for extra-terrestrial intelligence has spent millions of hours analysing signals from space D )
There are so many stars in the galaxy ' COMPLEX STRUCTURE '
Essentially , GCSE science qualifications are not all the same , and not all papers within each qualification will be answered by all pupils .
For example , one paper may contain questions at foundation level , the lowest level of attainment , as well as some aimed at higher level candidates ( those expected to get grades A - C ) .
" The specifications differ considerably across awarding bodies " , Ofqual 's letter to school 's minister Jim Knight says , " making it difficult to judge , without statistical data , whether candidates ' achievements at the same grade are comparable across awarding bodies " .
Three awarding bodies are concerned - AQA , Edexcel and OCR .
Some of Ofqual 's concerns regarding standards apply to all three , it says .
These are :
The " complex structure " of some papers , the standards at grades A to C , high use of multiple choice questions , and unchallenging internally - assessed tasks .
INSUFFICIENT CHALLENGE
Ofqual 's Kathleen Tattersall said students were not being given enough opportunity to demonstrate their knowledge .
The quality of questions needs to improve , she says .
Her evaluation noted that some parts of the physics syllabus have been withdrawn from the GCSE because they are already taught at key stage 3 level ( age 14 ) , meaning some " fundamental ideas " are not tested .
Knowledge of global warming was poor
Edexcel examiner
The higher level questions are not demanding enough , Ofqual says , with a reduction in the mathematical knowledge required .
It talks of a " decline in standards of performance " between 2002 and 2007 .
It says this is " partly due to more multiple - choice questions and partly to the prevalence of shorter , more highly structured questions .
An Edexcel examiner 's report into the 2008 GCSE science exam includes the following comments : Foundation level Candidates seemed secure on some aspects of the solar system and space but over 20 % of candidates thought the Sun orbited the Earth .
Lower tier Knowledge of global warming was poor with 46 % of candidates thinking that greenhouse gases damage the ozone layer and 52 % believing that the " prevent global warming " website was likely to be less biased than the Royal Society of Chemistry website .
Only 58 % realised that solar cells receive their energy from light energy .
Higher tier Chemical equations continue to be a problem for many candidates .
Finally , once again , it has to be reported that the amazing percentage of 59 % of higher level candidates think the current in a wire is the movement of positive electrons .
Of course , the examiner continues , there are such things as positive electrons , but they are not on the specification for science or additional science and , being antimatter , most certainly do not flow in a wire .
TAKE AND TAKE AGAIN
The modular system of exams has been criticised by Ofqual .
A revision of GCSE science meant that from 2006 , qualifications became " unit - based " , with the possibility to re-take units .
But again the degree to which this is possible varies between examining bodies .
The assessment methods vary too , with different weight given to modules , internal or external assessment , or multiple choice .
This concerns Ofqual , because it means there are too many ways to achieve a grade A , for example .
AQA exam board said that the modularity offered was driven by Ofqual 's recommendations .
And it said it wanted " comparability " between exam bodies .
It offers an ' A ' paper in science , which is a multiple choice paper , and a ' B ' paper , which consists of written tests .
There are also papers in additional science and additional applied science .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I believe that the myth of the Benevolent Dictator For Life as project - omniscient prognosticator is pervasive but incorrect .
While the need for a leader with the respect and authority to make a final decision is clear , this leader needs something other than complete and authoritative knowledge about how the project will eventually work .
This leader needs good taste -- in design as well as community cultivation .
Set aside those characteristics for now .
I want to ask and answer a different question .
If the project leader does n't know exactly what the software needs to do in complete detail , where does this knowledge come from ?
I believe the only workable answer , at least for software that attempts to do new things , is " from a well - honed feedback cycle . "
Some of my most effective debugging and design sessions have come from working with other people .
In particular , I spent over a year working on a book with a close friend .
We discussed and debated organizing principles and appropriate coverage and tone and approaches frequently .
Of course we disagreed , but when we stood in his living room and rearranged sticky notes on the wall to divide topics into sections , or when we spread out index cards on my floor to separate principles by theme , we learned much more than when we produced individual plans in isolation .
You can predict what a book needs to contain and what its intended audience wants and needs ( two very different verbs ) to read at the start of a project .
That 's good business sense .
Yet you must retain the flexibility to change your plan when you realize that it's not working right , or that it could work better .
The act of working in concert with another human being with different experiences and thoughts and biases and goals helped both of us refine our approach to cover what we needed to cover .
I 'd say " Let 's use this approach , " and he'd say " That 's good , but what about this other idea you 've inadvertently neglected ? " and we 'd refine our plan until it fit .
We had the same high - level goals , but left to ourselves , the end result would have been far different .
It was better for the rapid feedback .
We asked for feedback on draft chapters , and we received often voluminous responses .
Some of our most proud ideas did n't hold up when exposed to our intended audience .
If we 'd persisted in our original plan , or if we 'd eschewed rapid feedback in favor of the traditional model of user acceptance testing at the end of the project , our book would have suffered .
I believe software development works the same way , only more so .
The person with the vision for a software project must re-evaluate the plan against reality frequently .
I believe that there is no better way to do so than to request feedback from the intended audience frequently .
That 's one reason I encourage so strongly participation in community - developed software projects , and one reason I encourage so strongly the value ( and even necessity ) of frequent , small upgrades .
Active participation brings your concerns to the attention of other participants .
Frequent feedback helps minimize churn and rework , allows smaller course corrections , and establishes guideposts to mark whether an approach works or not .
I do n't believe that this is the only way to develop modern software -- just that it is the most effective , especially considering the costs .
( After all , what 's cheaper : reeducating the world to upgrade their software more often , or changing the physical laws of the Universe to make change and risk irrelevant ? )
Prompt refund ...
International Services , Inc –
Thank you very much for your prompt attention to this refund .
I ’ll be glad do business with you guys again .
Visitors Health ...
I wish to thank you for your prompt , professional and personalized service when I consulted you for my health insurance needs .
Your website is very user friendly and offers such a wide range of options .
Your response time to any further questions that I had by phone was excellent , quick , & efficient – a return callback within minutes !
My policy and ID card arrived overnight as you promised and is easy to read & to understand .
With so much mediocrity in customer service these days , it was indeed refreshing to experience your superior assistance ; I will definitely recommend you to others that are also seeking Visitors Health insurance .
Thanks again !
Andrew C Martin , Brighton , England ( visiting USA )
When chaos calls / Bedlam abounds .
Is now a good time to unplug and move to the woods ?
Here is the good news :
We are completely doomed .
Is n't that great ?
Is n't that reassuring ?
It damn well should be , because , in some form or another and since we were knee - high to a cave painting , the apocalypse has always , always been nigh .
It is perhaps the single most wonderful and reliable aspect about being a tiny troubled biped on this tiny troubled speck of spinning space dust ; depending on whom you listen to , depending on how dialed in you are to the various nefarious signs and conspiracy theories and reruns of " The Omen " on late - night cable , we are always on the verge of imminent and unstoppable doom .
It 's just a matter of which supremely peeved deity -- God ?
Nukes ?
Bees ?
Trees ?
Peanut butter ? -- you believe is about to bring the hammer down .
If nothing else , this unfailing belief in our imminent demise makes us terribly consistent .
And consistency , aside from being a nasty hobgoblin , also provides terrific comfort .
And comfort , in times of chaos and imminent apocalypse , is always sort of nice .
See how that works ?
In the Bush Dark Times , the apocalypse took the form of various charming little munchkins , like the gay agenda , Buddha tattoos , nu-metal , female nipples , Bill O'Reilly 's adorable " culture wars , " gangsta rap , condoms , bad art , Muslim fanatics who want to confiscate your porn collection , stem cell research , Hillary Clinton and teenagers having lots of anal sex and calling it chastity .
So cute !
But now , in the Obama Enlightenment , a very strange thing has occurred .
It 's as though Armageddon finally got a glimpse of itself in the mirror , saw what the GOP and Christian right had done to it and went , " Holy hell , who put these f-- king clown shoes on me and cut my hair in a mullet and stamped this idiotic ' Left Behind ' logo on my forehead ? "
And then it went on a rampage .
Result :
The apocalypse is no longer the illegible stick - figure cartoon Dubya liked to scribble on the bathtub wall while high on whippets and too many Ding - Dongs .
Armageddon has taken on new shape and identity , ripped off its Disney costume to reveal a much darker and more sinister persona : global economic collapse , violent climate change , oceans in crisis , food shortages and water shortages and ice caps melting so quickly scientists are hauling life rafts to the research centers .
Doom is now stripped down , battle scarred , global and mean .
Accordingly , many people are looking around in increasing panic , wondering , " Now ?
Is it now ?
Should I just chuck it all and unplug the iMac and quit updating my damnable Facebook status and move off the grid , somewhere with plenty of fresh water and lots of paranoia and free guns and no one will dare mess with my potato crops , what with all the barbed wire and trained attack dogs -- like , say northern Idaho or Canada or Afghanistan ? "
Verily , every urban dweller I know has at least had the conversation , with varying degrees of seriousness .
Given the massive layoffs and surging unemployment rates , what with all those fundamental , root - chakra domains -- food , water , shelter -- now kneeling before the gods of chaos , the general consensus seems to be that it might just be an ideal time to take the burned - out husk of your 401 K and get the hell out before the water riots begin .
But really , how do you know ?
After all , it 's just terribly easy to get lost in the maelstrom , to have little or no idea exactly how bad it really is out there in Bedlamville , simply because the various sources that are supposed to tell us just how awful it is -- that is , this very major media -- are themselves undergoing such a massive upheaval that it's all they ( that is , we ) can do to stay upright and spell their own names correctly in the obituaries , much less accurately report on Japan 's breakdown or just how terrifying Eastern Europe is right now and what , exactly , that might mean for the price of your 50 - pound bag of Mexican avocados from Costco .
It 's easy to give in and let The Fear swallow you whole .
After all , if the bitchy president of the EU says President Obama 's wildly audacious master plan is a " road to hell , " who are you to argue ?
If the experts say places like LA and Nevada are about to run out of water and start feeding on their young , what can you possibly do about it ?
If the punditry points out just how silly it is to be focusing on kittenish issues like the AIG scandal while " the tiger sinks its teeth into the world 's neck , " well , who are you not to take heed ?
Here is your big picture , as wonderful and terrifying as ever : countless are the gleaming , once - thriving empires in world history , from Rome to Easter Island to innumerable Chinese dynasties to Circuit City , who 've all managed to snuff themselves out via some untenable combination of greed and power and resource abuse and not giving a damn about consequences .
There are few exceptions .
But there are a thousand cautionary tales .
Which raises the biggest question of all , perhaps never to be truly answered until it 's too late :
Are we really on the cusp ?
Are we truly teetering on the edge of the Void ?
If we chant , " The sky is falling , " frequently enough , is n't it bound to come true , eventually ?
To which I say , why stop at paranoia ?
Why not reach a bit further , thicker , more sticky and radical , and really go for the gold ring of delicious evolutionary bliss ?
Because it 's certainly possible that even the masterfully calm and assured President Obama might be too late to stem the global hemorrhaging , and will instead serve as the steady , reassuring voice that guides us back not to stability and perspective and electric cars for all , but rather into the boats of light that will carry us to a new psychic dimension in about , say , three ( 2012 ) years ( 2012 ) from ( 2012 ) now .
What , too outlandish ?
Too ridiculous ?
Are you sure ?
Meet me at my secret cabin in the woods , and let 's talk about it .
Bring wine .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
I just talked with a new coworker whose pictures of his beautiful family were flashing over his screen .
We talked about parenting , and kids .
Here ’s what he said about fatherhood :
“ My wife and I have very separate busy lives , but because we are both active in our daughter ’s life , our relationship grows stronger .
Many times I wonder how I “ turned out OK ” because my father was the typical dad of his day , and I was on my own to “ grow up . ”
Taking an active role in helping my daughter learn new things continues to teach me about myself in return !
The ability to be a part of her life and development as a person is one of the greatest gifts I ’ve been given . ”
I knew what he was talking about .
Media images from shows in the 50s and 60s ( like “ Leave it to Beaver ” and “ Father Knows Best ” ) showed pretty segregated gender roles .
Stereotypical Dads impregnated their wives , brought home the bacon , and meted out discipline when Junior did n’t obey .
Nowadays , that ’s the kind of scenario someone might bring to therapy to “ recover ” from .
Times sure have changed .
Though economic pressures weigh heavily on most families , and segregated roles still seem to be the only viable alternative in many two - parent families I talk to , many families find ways to mix things up regardless .
Some have for generations !
Here are three of the biggest benefits I see that men get when they show up and decide to take on parenting as part of who they are :
1 ) Wholeness .
The more time men spend with their families , the more perspective and balance they feel with their outside jobs ( and yes , challenge to keep that balance ) .
This results in greater ability to relax ( it ’s hard to be uptight with little ones jumping on you and giggling ) , more of an overall sense of well - being , and greater contact with the whole of their humanity , including the part that gets to relate to others .
Yes , that great guy is more than a money - making machine –he ’s a warm and wonderful DAD !
2 ) Greater closeness with partner .
If a man is partnered , and he and his partner share child responsibilities , they share a significant part of their worlds .
When two people have completely separate worlds , they have less to talk about and can become more entrenched in what ’s necessary to inhabit the world they spend the most time in .
This was most obvious in housewife - breadwinner “ Leave it to Beaver ” roles of the 1950 ’s , but still can exert influence on families today .
When those roles are more fluid , there ’s more common ground to share and bond around .
Families who share responsibilities also have a chance to share more intimacy .
And here ’s the best thing a “ Show - Up ” dad gets :
3 ) A real relationship with his children .
We get the relationships we cultivate .
When we show up and take an interest in what our kids are doing , listen to them , share in their worlds and share our worlds with them in appropriate and joyful ways , ( funny , it works this way with adults , too ! ) we form the foundation for a rich and rewarding relationship for the rest of our lives .
What do you notice and feel about fatherhood , either your own or that of someone close to you ?
Please tell us in the comment box below .
Warmly ,
Jill
She tells it like it is .
We need an INDEPENDENT COUNCIL to investigate this , NOT CONGRESS .
Because congress has their fingerprints on this torture mess , too .
Minnesotans have come to the conclusion that Norm Coleman lost the state ’s Senate race to Al Franken , and that he should soon concede .
A new Minneapolis Star - Tribune poll out today shows that 64 percent of voters believe that Coleman should accept the recount trial ’s ruling that he lost the election by 312 votes .
Only 28 percent of voters believe his appeal to the state Supreme Court – which leading Senate Democrats have been willing to grant him – is appropriate .
Nearly three - quarters of Minnesotans ( 73 percent ) believe that Coleman should concede if he loses his appeal at the state Supreme Court .
And only a narrow majority ( 57 percent ) of Republicans support Coleman ’s appeal to the state Supreme Court .
A second poll conducted by a Democratic firm shows similar majorities calling on Coleman to concede – with 58 percent would raise serious doubts ” towards GOP Gov.
Tim Pawlenty if he refuses to sign an election certificate assuming Coleman loses his appeal to the state Supreme Court .
That ’s a sharp shift in public opinion from January , when Franken took the lead in the recount .
Back then , a Research 2000 / Daily Kos poll showed 53 percent of voters supporting Coleman ’s contest of the race – or at least were n’t opposed to it .
Now Minnesota voters – including many Republicans -- believe Franken was fairly elected as the state ’s second senator , and should be sworn in as soon as possible .
comments closed
permalink
Down every street , alley and gangway , the jewel of Rogers Park can be seen .
Is it the violet ?
( the State flower of the great Illinois ) , the top stripe on the Chicago flag depicting the north side ?
or the many discarded liquer bottles from Soo's ?
( usually some form of malt liquer , Ice or 40 oz . ) or is it the voter fraud and electioneering during elections by incumbent officials ?
If you think the jewel of RP is any of these , you are sadly mistaken .
The real deal is that finger lickin ' , orange finger residue leavin ' , cheesiest of the cheesy puffed snack known as Cheetos !
Semih Sayginer , his use of ball english is masterful .
Better than Efron Reyes ?
Maybe so .
A man accused of killing an elderly couple in a traffic collision more than 16 years ago pleaded no contest today to a single count of felony hit - and - run and two misdemeanor counts of vehicular manslaughter .
According to the district attorney ’s office , Cristian Lopez Herrera drove away after striking Frederick and Ezna Crescitelli and Joan Pollack on March 22 , 1992 , as the three were crossing the street .
The Crescitellis died as a result of the accident and Pollack suffered serious injuries .
A week after the collision , prosecutors said , Herrera fled to Mexico , where he remained for several years .
He is thought to have returned to the San Pedro area as early as 2003 .
Rennison Vern Castillo thought his legal troubles were nearly over at the end of a jail stay for harassing his ex-girlfriend .
But then a U.S. immigration hold order blocked his release .
“ They think you ’re here illegally , ” a jailhouse guard said to him .
Castillo , mystified , insisted it was all a mistake .
Though born in Belize , he had come of age in South Los Angeles , spoke fluent English , served a stint in the Army and had become an American citizen about seven years earlier .
He had some legal problems , but being in the country unlawfully was not one of them .
Castillo said he was n’t worried -- not until he was shackled and transferred to a federal detention center .
He spent months in custody before an appeals panel blocked his deportation and an immigration judge finally ordered Castillo set free .
Advertisement
Although his case is an extreme example , mistaken detentions are drawing increased attention as immigration officials mount workplace roundups and jailhouse sweeps in search of undocumented immigrants .
Immigration raids of factories and other work sites often result in at least a short - term detention of lawful residents and even citizens , as agents seal targeted businesses and grill workers about their status .
Officials in Washington said last month that the Obama administration was expected to rein in the controversial workplace raids -- shifting enforcement emphasis to target employers rather than workers .
Immigrant advocates have long pushed for such a change , while others say easing workplace enforcement will encourage illegal immigration .
Castillo is one of many citizens and legal residents held for suspected immigration violations -- some for a few hours , some for much longer .
No agency tracks such incidents , so statistical totals are not available .
Advertisement
Officials at U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement downplay the problem .
“ ICE does not detain United States citizens , ” said spokesman Richard Rocha , adding that agents thoroughly investigated people ’s claims of citizenship .
“ ICE only processes an individual for removal when all available facts indicate that the person is an alien . ”
He declined to comment on Castillo ’s case or others , citing privacy concerns or pending lawsuits .
The surge in ICE workplace actions during the Bush administration spawned fierce complaints from employees caught up in dragnets at factories , slaughterhouses and poultry farms .
Advertisement
Mike Graves , a two - decade veteran of the Swift & Co. meatpacking plant in Marshalltown , Iowa , said he was handcuffed and held for eight hours in December 2006 when ICE agents raided Swift plants throughout the heartland .
“ My government treated me like a criminal , and I did n’t do anything wrong , ” said Graves , a native of Iowa .
An ICE raid last year at a Van Nuys printer cartridge manufacturer , Micro Solutions Enterprises , generated wrongful - arrest claims from more than 100 citizens , said Peter Schey , chief lawyer at the Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law in Los Angeles .
All were held for two to three hours before being released , Schey said .
Americans seldom carry proof of their legal status , which can be a factor in the confusion about detainees ’ citizenship .
There is no comprehensive database or list of all citizens for agents to check .
Advertisement
Official investigations may miss crucial documents such as birth certificates and naturalization papers .
In some cases , names have been jumbled or misfiled and records lost .
Confused detainees have signed their own removal orders .
Some in custody may even be unaware of their citizenship or unable to prove it without a lawyer ’s help .
Unlike suspects in criminal matters , however , immigration detainees have no right to government - appointed counsel -- and , in some cases , have no access to paid lawyers .
Fast - track deportation procedures enacted by Congress in recent years also limit court review once the expulsion process is underway .
In border regions like Southern California , residents on both sides of the international boundary have for generations moved back and forth without regard for passports , status or birth certificates .
Many U.S. citizens by birth or parentage have no proof of their status .
Frank Ponce de Leon , a native of Mexico who lives in La Puente , got out of ICE custody Dec. 31 after spending almost three months locked up -- all the while insisting he was a citizen .
The longtime California resident had never sought citizenship because he was the son of an American - born parent .
His father was a New Mexico native and U.S. serviceman during World War II .
Advertisement
“ I knew they could n’t hold me forever , and sooner or later they would see it my way because I had every right , ” said Ponce de Leon , 47 , whose five California - born children include a daughter , Deanne , 22 , who served in Iraq as an Army nurse .
On occasion , the uncertainty can lead to mistaken deportation , as was the case with Pedro Guzman , a mentally disabled U.S. citizen living in Lancaster .
U.S. immigration officials shipped Guzman to Tijuana in May 2007 from the Men ’s Central Jail in downtown Los Angeles , where he was being held on a misdemeanor trespassing charge .
The Los Angeles native , then 29 , spent three months rummaging for food in dumps and sleeping in the Mexican borderlands as his desperate mother , a fast - food cook , searched for him in hospitals , shelters , jails and morgues , his family said .
Eventually Guzman , a cement finisher with limited Spanish and a second - grade reading ability , was reunited with his family in the border town of Calexico .
Advertisement
The Guzman case sparked Washington hearings at which immigration authorities were chastised by Congress members and accused of “ stunning incompetence . ”
ICE officials called the case an aberration and vowed to review all citizenship claims before anyone was detained or deported .
Out of more than 1 million detentions , ICE officials say , Guzman was the only citizen known to have been shipped out of the country .
But others dispute that claim .
Rachel E. Rosenbloom , supervising attorney at Boston College ’s Post - Deportation Human Rights Project , cited at least eight cases of wrongly deported citizens and said she expected the number was substantially higher .
One such case , detailed in an upcoming report by Rosenbloom ’s group , is the curious saga of Duarnis Perez .
He is a native of the Dominican Republic who became a U.S. citizen at 15 when his mother was naturalized .
But he did n’t know citizenship had been conferred on him as well .
He assumed he was illegal , and so did everyone else .
Advertisement
Perez was deported and subsequently arrested trying to sneak back into the United States from Canada .
He spent almost five years in prison for unlawful reentry .
It was only upon his release in 2004 that an ICE official reviewed his file and informed Perez that he had been a citizen all along .
In Castillo ’s case , he was an infant when his mother left Belize and sought work in Los Angeles .
She later became a nurse and sent for her son .
Castillo attended elementary school in South L.A. and graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in 1996 .
He became a naturalized citizen in 1998 .
He joined the Army and served in Korea , then was posted to Ft. Lewis , Wash .
He was honorably discharged in 2003 .
After domestic disputes with a girlfriend , he was convicted in 2005 of felony harassment and violating a no - contact order , and was sent to Pierce County Jail in Washington state for eight months .
He was in a holding area with inmates about to be released when a corrections officer held him back .
Castillo was handcuffed and whisked off in a van to the Northwest Detention Center in Tacoma .
A federal officer said records showed he was an illegal immigrant .
Advertisement
“ Your records are wrong , ” Castillo said he replied .
He said he told the officer that he was a citizen but that his naturalization certificate had never arrived .
It was sent to the wrong address , he later learned .
Castillo went before an immigration judge , who appeared via video conference , a common procedure in the crowded immigration court system .
Again , he claimed citizenship .
The judge did n’t believe him .
He was ordered deported on Jan. 24 , 2006 .
The nonprofit Northwest Immigrant Rights Project , a legal advocacy center based in Seattle , provided a lawyer to handle Castillo ’s appeal .
The lawyer searched for Castillo ’s naturalization documents and records of his military service .
The Board of Immigration Appeals blocked Castillo ’s deportation , noting proof of his military service .
A month later , he was released without further explanation .
It turned out Castillo was the victim of a paperwork mix - up :
His name was spelled wrong in immigration records .
And he had been assigned more than one “ alien number , ” causing further confusion .
Advertisement
Castillo , now 31 , is still incredulous .
“ If it had taken 30 days to figure it out , I would n’t be upset .
But seven months ? ” he said in an interview .
He , like Guzman and others with similar experiences , has filed suit against the ICE .
“ I want them to recognize they made a mistake , ” Castillo said .
“ Something needs to change .
If it can happen to me , it ’s going to happen to someone else . ”
Advertisement
--
patrick.mcdonnell@ latimes.com
abecker@cironline.org
This story was reported and written in collaboration with the Center for Investigative Reporting in Berkeley , a nonprofit news organization .
Andrew Becker is a CIR staff reporter .
Patrick J. McDonnell is a Times staff writer .
danut Member
Join Date : Mar 2009 Posts : 620
ASA media advisory
Americans for Safe Access
For Immediate Release :* April 10 , 2009
* Federal Position on Medical Marijuana Put Before Ninth Circuit Tuesday
*/ Federal hearing is latest battle on whether policy is based on
science or politics
/* San Francisco , CA * -- Medical marijuana advocates will get to argue
before the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on Tuesday , April
14th , the right to challenge an outdated position held by the federal
government : " marijuana has no currently accepted medical use in
treatment in the United States . "
The national advocacy group
Americans for Safe Access ( ASA ) filed a lawsuit in February 2007
demanding that the federal government cease issuing misinformation
and correct its statements on medical marijuana .
" We welcome the
Obama Administration 's recently stated commitment to making policy
decisions based on science , not politics , " said Joe Elford , Chief
Counsel with ASA .
" This case is designed to ensure that the federal
government 's policy on medical marijuana is not politically motivated . "
* What : * Oral arguments in a case before the Ninth Circuit that
challenges the government 's position on medical marijuana
* When : * Tuesday , April 14 , 2009 at 9:30 am
* Where : * Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , Courtroom 4 at 95 Seventh
Street , San Francisco , CA
In order to challenge the government 's position , advocates are using
a little - known law called the Data Quality Act ( DQA ) .
The DQA
requires federal agencies such as Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and
the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to rely on sound science when
disseminating information to the public .
One of the main issues in
the case is whether citizens have a right to challenge government
information believed to be inaccurate or based on faulty , unreliable data .
" The science to support medical marijuana is overwhelming , " said ASA
Executive Director Steph Sherer .
" It 's time for the federal
government to acknowledge the efficacy of medical marijuana and stop
holding science hostage to politics . "
On March 9 , 2009 , President
Obama issued a memorandum to the heads of executive departments and
agencies stating that , " The public must be able to trust the science
and scientific process informing public policy decisions , " and
calling for " transparency in the preparation , identification , and use
of scientific and technological information in policymaking . "
The original DQA petition was filed in October of 2004 , aimed at
forcing the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) -- the
FDA 's parent agency -- to correct statements about the medical value
of marijuana .
After more than two years of delay by the federal
government and a refusal to act on the petition , a lawsuit was filed
in February of 2007 .
Despite a rejection by the federal district
court in late 2007 , Science Magazine published an editorial that year
claiming that HHS had " violated its own DQA guidelines . "
Preeminent legal scholar Alan Morrison , who founded Public Citizen's
Litigation Group and who currently teaches at American University 's
Washington College of Law , is co-counsel in the case and will be
arguing before the court on behalf ASA and patients across the
country .
" Citizens have a right to expect the government to be
transparent and to use the best available information for policy
decisions , " said Morrison .
" Unfortunately , so far , the government has
been anything but transparent and has failed to produce any evidence
for its policy statements on medical marijuana . "
In April 2006 , while
ASA was awaiting a response to the petition from HHS , the FDA issued
a statement claiming that it conducted an " inter - agency review " and
had " concluded that no sound scientific studies supported medical use
of marijuana ... "
However , none of the alleged scientific evidence
used to reach that conclusion was ever provided to ASA or the public .
* Further information :
* DQA Opening Appeal Brief :
https://americansforsafeaccess.org/do...peal_Brief.pdf
President Obama 's memorandum on scientific integrity :
https://www.whitehouse.gov/the_press_...encies-3-9-09/
DQA Background info :
--
Kris Hermes
Media Specialist
Americans for Safe Access
www.SafeAccessNow.org
1322 Webster Street , Suite 402
Oakland , CA 94612
Phone : 510-251-1856 x307
Fax : 510-251-2036
Email : *MEDIA ADVISORYAmericans for Safe AccessFor Immediate Release :* April 10 , 2009 * Federal Position on Medical Marijuana Put Before Ninth Circuit Tuesday */ Federal hearing is latest battle on whether policy is based onscience or politics /* San Francisco , CA * -- Medical marijuana advocates will get to arguebefore the federal Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on Tuesday , April14th , the right to challenge an outdated position held by the federalgovernment : " marijuana has no currently accepted medical use intreatment in the United States . "
The national advocacy groupAmericans for Safe Access ( ASA ) filed a lawsuit in February 2007demanding that the federal government cease issuing misinformationand correct its statements on medical marijuana .
" We welcome the Obama Administration 's recently stated commitment to making policydecisions based on science , not politics , " said Joe Elford , ChiefCounsel with ASA .
" This case is designed to ensure that the federalgovernment 's policy on medical marijuana is not politically motivated . " * What :* Oral arguments in a case before the Ninth Circuit thatchallenges the government 's position on medical marijuana *
When : * Tuesday , April 14 , 2009 at 9:30 am* Where : * Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals , Courtroom 4 at 95 SeventhStreet , San Francisco , CAIn order to challenge the government 's position , advocates are usinga little - known law called the Data Quality Act ( DQA ) .
The DQArequires federal agencies such as Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to rely on sound science whendisseminating information to the public .
One of the main issues inthe case is whether citizens have a right to challenge governmentinformation believed to be inaccurate or based on faulty , unreliable data .
"
The science to support medical marijuana is overwhelming , " said ASAExecutive Director Steph Sherer .
" It 's time for the federalgovernment to acknowledge the efficacy of medical marijuana and stopholding science hostage to politics . "
On March 9 , 2009 , PresidentObama issued a memorandum to the heads of executive departments andagencies stating that , " The public must be able to trust the scienceand scientific process informing public policy decisions , " andcalling for " transparency in the preparation , identification , and useof scientific and technological information in policymaking .
" The original DQA petition was filed in October of 2004 , aimed atforcing the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) -- the FDA 's parent agency -- to correct statements about the medical valueof marijuana .
After more than two years of delay by the federalgovernment and a refusal to act on the petition , a lawsuit was filedin February of 2007 .
Despite a rejection by the federal districtcourt in late 2007 , Science Magazine published an editorial that yearclaiming that HHS had " violated its own DQA guidelines .
" Preeminent legal scholar Alan Morrison , who founded Public Citizen 'sLitigation Group and who currently teaches at American University 'sWashington College of Law , is co-counsel in the case and will bearguing before the court on behalf ASA and patients across thecountry .
" Citizens have a right to expect the government to betransparent and to use the best available information for policydecisions , " said Morrison .
" Unfortunately , so far , the government hasbeen anything but transparent and has failed to produce any evidencefor its policy statements on medical marijuana . "
In April 2006 , while ASA was awaiting a response to the petition from HHS , the FDA issueda statement claiming that it conducted an " inter - agency review " andhad " concluded that no sound scientific studies supported medical useof marijuana ... "
However , none of the alleged scientific evidenceused to reach that conclusion was ever provided to ASA or the public .* Further information : *DQA Opening Appeal Brief : President Obama 's memorandum on scientific integrity : DQA Background info : https://www.safeaccessnow.org/DQA --Kris HermesMedia SpecialistAmericans for Safe Access1322 Webster Street , Suite 402 Oakland , CA 94612 Phone : 510-251-1856 x307 Fax : 510-251-2036 Email : kris@SafeAccessNow.org
One of the most glaring problems with the drunk - driving laws in this country is that they clearly discriminate against and ruthlessly penalize only one class of dangerous drivers .
Drunk drivers are subject to arrest , thousands of dollars of fines , lengthy jail or prison sentences , loss of driving " privileges , " alcohol abuse counseling , probation , et cetera .
Other dangerous drivers are not subject to these draconian penalties .
If Grandma gets pulled over by the police for careening in and out of the median , for example , she will not be wrenched from her Cadillac , handcuffed , incarcerated , counseled , or fined into bankruptcy .
At worst , so long as she has not hurt anyone , she will be escorted home and possibly lose her " privilege " to drive on government roads in the future ( she will not lose the " privilege " of paying for government roads , however ) .
Similarly , a man who chooses not to wear his DMV - mandated glasses or contact lenses while driving does not have to worry about getting stopped at " corrective lens checkpoints " manned by nightstick - wielding troopers searching for un - bespectacled drivers to humiliate , arrest , fine , and send to jail .
On the contrary , this type of dangerous driver is merely instructed to wear his glasses if he is stopped by the police , and he is issued a perfunctory ( and revenue - generating ) citation .
He certainly does not have to worry about the possibility of going to state prison for several years when he decides to drive without his glasses — unless he actually hurts someone .
This severe legal persecution of drunk drivers alone , instead of all dangerous drivers , makes a complete mockery of our legal system .
It is a situation in which one group of demonized and socially - despised drivers is mercilessly persecuted , while other non-demonized drivers are virtually ignored — even though both groups of drivers put other people ’s lives at risk .
The man who refuses or forgets to wear his glasses , when he needs those glasses to drive safely , puts other people ’s lives at risk just as much as the man who drinks five cocktails before getting behind the wheel .
Grandma is putting other people ’s lives at risk when she decides to drive to the beauty parlor lacking the requisite motor and mental abilities .
The teenager who thumbs through his CD case while flying down the highway at 65 miles per hour is putting other people ’s lives at risk .
The soccer mom who flails wildly at her children in the back seat , imploring them to stop pulling each other ’s hair while she ’s driving , puts other people ’s lives at risk .
The police officer who steers his patrol car with his knees , while he types on his on - board computer , puts other drivers at risk .
The woman who balances a bag of makeup supplies on her knees while slacking on mascara in the HOV lane puts other people ’s lives at risk .
The truck driver who leans over to search for a misplaced Twinkie under his seat , puts other people ’s lives at risk .
The list could quite literally be extended infinitely .
Do any of these other dangerous drivers face the possibility of waking up on a concrete slab in the county jail for having recklessly put other people ’s lives at risk ?
They most definitely do not ; in fact , they are almost always completely ignored by lawmakers and the police .
They might be fined a nominal amount , and they might get a point or two deducted from their licenses if they get pulled over , but they most certainly do not have to worry about going to state prison if they become " repeat offenders . "
They do not have to worry about losing their jobs or filling out job applications asking them whether they have ever been arrested for applying mascara while driving .
They do not have to worry about losing their licenses to drive for years because they were caught scrounging for a Twinkie under their seat .
And they certainly do not have to worry about the government extracting thousands upon thousands of dollars from them .
For a nation that is supposedly governed by the rule of law , this disparate treatment of people who have done exactly the same thing , ( namely , recklessly putting other people ’s lives at risk ) , is completely unjustifiable .
Indeed , for one group of people to be singled out and ruthlessly punished for having put other drivers ’ lives at risk , while other people are simply ignored or slapped on the wrist when they , too , put other drivers ’ lives at risk , makes a complete mockery of the idea of equality under the law in this country .
It is very much like what would occur if the police decided to demonize , hunt down and ruthlessly punish all shoplifters with blue eyes , while letting all other shoplifters completely off the hook .
It is a disgusting and invariably hypocritical situation in which the law is applied discriminatively against only one class of people who have been arbitrarily singled out for persecution .
The ancient idea of " equality under the law , " which has merely been paid lip service in this country since the ( illegal ) enactment of the 14th amendment , means , in part , that people who commit the same offenses shall be treated exactly the same under the law .
The principle was famously articulated by Cicero , when he wrote " Let the punishment be equal with the offense . "
According to this ancient principle , people who commit the crime of murder , for example , shall be treated exactly the same , regardless of their race , gender , political connections — or anything else .
The principle has its roots in the recognition that , since all human beings have exactly the same moral standing and have the same rights and responsibilities , the law ought to treat every single one of them equally when they commit the same offense .
Without this principle we have no basis upon which to consistently criticize state - imposed segregation racial profiling — or even slavery .
When it comes to drunk - driving laws in this country , however , the principle of equality under the law has flown completely out the window .
Men are arrested and ruthlessly punished for drunk driving only on the basis of the claim that they are " dangerous . "
Indeed , drunk drivers are arrested and punished even when they have not have actually harmed any other person .
( The same is of course true with regard to so - called " drug offenders , " who are ruthlessly punished without the existence of any actual victims of their alleged crimes ) .
Because drunk drivers are punished extremely harshly even when they have caused no harm to other people , we are forced to conclude that the alleged " crime " that they have committed is only to have put other drivers ’ lives at risk .
If this is indeed the idea motivating the ruthless persecution of drunk drivers in this country , and we are committed to the idea of equality under the law , is it not clear that all dangerous drivers must be equally mercilessly punished ?
For example , if we are going to punish people because they are statistically more likely to cause an accident , even if they have not personally hurt anyone , then should we not arrest , imprison and fine all people over 65 years of age who are caught driving at all ?
These are clearly an extremely dangerous group of drivers , after all .
As USA Today reports :
" The [ fatality statistics ] are particularly daunting at a time when the U.S. Census Bureau projects there will be 9.6 million people 85 and older by 2030 , up 73 % from today .
Road safety analysts predict that by 2030 , when all baby boomers are at least 65 , they will be responsible for 25 % of all fatal crashes .
In 2005 , 11 % of fatal crashes involved drivers that old . "
If one of these extremely dangerous elderly people should choose to drive anyway , should we not treat him in exactly the same manner as drunk drivers ; namely , set up checkpoints to catch him , handcuff him , stick him in jail for the night , fine him thousands of dollars , and send him to counseling and state prison ?
Should we not set up a foundation , ( say , Sons Against Elderly Drivers , or SAED ) that can incessantly nag us about the dangers of elderly driving , and publish unending streams of articles about sons and daughters cut down in their youth ( or in old age ) by half - crazed elderly drivers ?
After all , by choosing to get behind the wheel , this group of Americans puts other people ’s lives very much at risk .
These are extremely dangerous people , you see , and it is madness to allow them to get off the hook when they choose to put other people ’s lives at risk , and who now can get off with probations when they , say , kill ten people with their cars .
Elderly drivers are merely one menacing group of drivers that we need to ruthlessly punish " before anyone gets hurt or killed . "
Take women ( and men , I suppose ) who apply cosmetics while they drive .
These are extremely dangerous drivers , whose eyes are focused on their reflections in their visor mirror rather than on the road ahead of them .
Some of these crazy drivers do not even have their hands on the steering wheels of their cars .
If we are going to have any semblance of equality under the law in this country , we must also treat these people to the same merciless punishments that we currently dole out only to drunk drivers .
We should , in short , handcuff , arrest , humiliate , and incarcerate these horrid women .
We could start things off by making it illegal to possess an " open container " of mascara or rouge in a motor vehicle .
If the principle is that dangerous drivers need to be punished without mercy , as we currently punish drunk drivers , then we had better hire some more police officers !
We ’re not done yet , though .
We ’d better go after all people who use cellular telephones in their cars and trucks .
And I do n’t mean just giving them a slap on the wrist , like many states currently do .
I mean treating them as the dangerous drivers that they are , and treating them to a few months in state prison like we do with drunk drivers who have n’t hurt anyone .
A little stint in the joint ( as we do with the drunks ) ought to teach her not to so much as " glance " at her cell phone while driving .
We ’d better go after everyone who even so much as touches his radio or CD case in his car , because this could easily cause him to get into an accident .
Never mind that he has not hurt anyone — yet .
A couple of thousands of dollars of fines and complete social - ostracism will teach him to know better than to risk other people ’s lives .
Why stop at just playing with the radio , though , when the statistics show that certain kinds of music cause accidents as well ?
If we are going to stick to the principle of equality under the law , we had better ruthlessly punish any and everyone caught with a Metallica CD in his car before he has a chance to kill someone .
We go after drunk drivers who put other people ’s lives at risk but do n’t hurt anyone , so why should we not do the same with these dangerous drivers ?
The same goes for anyone eating in his car , talking in his car , driving in the snow , driving older cars , driving at night , driving under the influence of teenage or menstrual hormones …
By focusing on just selected group of dangerous drivers I have neglected to note that driving an automobile is itself one of the most dangerous things a man can do in the United States — for both himself and other people on the road .
If the principle is that men must be punished if they put other people ’s lives at risk , which is the guiding principle for the drunk - driving laws in this country , then we had better go all the way and prohibit driving in general .
Whenever a person gets behind the wheel of an automobile , after all , he puts not only his own life at risk , but also the lives of everyone else on the road with him .
If you object to this idea of banning driving altogether , then you are a cold - hearted bastard who has never known someone who has been killed in a car accident .
Of course , there is one way around this conclusion that is also faithful to the principle of equality under the law , and that is to only punish people if they actually hurt other people .
This applies to drivers over 65 years of age , teenagers , mascara - applying women , and also to drunk drivers .
This option can be universally applied to all human beings at all times and places , comports with the principle of equality under the law , and would not necessitate a complete police - and - nanny state .
It is also an option that recognizes man ’s God - given rights to life , liberty , and property .
It is also an option that does not involve us in the supreme hypocrisy of pointing to the beer can in our brother ’s hand with the mascara wand in our own .
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
Could this be the beginning of the end of the age of impunity ?
Fourteen years after the judicial murder of the Nigerian novelist , environmentalist and human rights activist , Ken Saro - Wiwa , Shell is about to go on trial in New York , accused of complicity in his execution .
This represents a remarkable moment in the struggle between people and multinational corporations .
Regardless of the outcome of the trial , the fact that one of the planet 's most powerful companies finds itself in the dock changes everything .
From now on , no transnational corporation involved in possible human rights abuses will feel completely safe .
Ken Saro - Wiwa , with eight other Ogoni rights activists , was executed by Nigeria 's military dictatorship in 1995 .
The men were a constant irritant to the generals , reminding the world that their lands in the Niger Delta were being wrecked and their health and livelihoods destroyed by gas flaring , oil spills and military attacks .
Imprisonment and beatings failed to shut them up .
So the government constructed false charges against these men , paid people to pose as witnesses and hanged them .
The plaintiffs claim that Shell , which still has major operations in the Niger Delta , paid Nigerian troops to terrorise the Ogoni and bribed two of the witnesses at the trial of the activists .
Shell denies these charges and claims it intervened to try to stop the executions , but there is no doubt that it worked alongside one of Africa 's most brutal regimes .
It also continues to pollute the Ogoni 's land today by burning off the gas from its oil wells and this was one of the subjects over which I clashed with Shell 's chief executive Jeroen van der Veer during our fierce exchange a little while ago .
Aside from the damage to the health of the Ogoni and their environment , gas flaring in Nigeria produces more carbon dioxide than all other activities in the whole of sub-Saharan Africa .
One day , perhaps , that might be the subject of a lawsuit too .
What this trial shows is that people like the Ogoni , though they may be poor and though they may possess little power , can no longer be treated as disposable .
For two centuries corporations and governments from the rich world have treated the people they encounter overseas as nothing but obstacles to the extraction of resources , who – when they could not be enslaved to assist that work - had to be disposed of as expeditiously as possible : by bribery , deception , terror or massacre .
The richer the resources a land possesses , the more viciously its inhabitants are treated .
Now these inconvenient people might begin to be seen as human beings .
Monbiot.com
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Related :
Michael Bay is well known for the child - like glee with which he infuses every over - the - top , ridiculous action scene he directs .
He is truly an auteur , and the naive innocence which he brings to his directing can make most any stupid movie romp enjoyable .
Unfortunately , Â hoping to cement his artistic credibility by landing that coveted writer / director credit a la Clint Eastwood , Bay also decided to try his hand at writing screenplays .
Â
And due to my elite Hollywood status as a quasi - respectable Internet comedian , I of course had access to this attempt , and due to my shaky moral compass , I of course decided to post a few excerpts of it for you here :
Find more from Robert on Twitter Facebook or his own site , I Fight Robots .
Because fine bitches jump over robots while firing giant machine guns all the goddamn time ; you just need somebody to tell you where to look .
For years , a lot of libertarians and paleoconservatives have focused a lot of attention on the Federal Reserve .
Some have gone overboard , blaming the Fed on virtually every lost freedom in America .
Others have focused too hard at the wrong time ; I remember one person speaking at a gun show looking pretty foolish because he was talking about Fed issues while everyone in the audience was concerned about the upcoming passage of Clinton ’s Assault Weapons Ban .
On the other side of the coin , our recent economic situation has raised a lot of issues about the role of the Federal Reserve , what alternatives there are to it , and how the system really works in practice .
Ron Paul supporters are particularly well - versed on these issues and the general public is becoming more interested in them , as well .
On February 26 , Ron Paul introduced legislation to audit “ the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks ” before the end of 2010 .
While bills introduced by Paul are often disregarded by the rest of Congress , this one is starting to show some legs .
According to Paul ’s website , the bill now has 71 co-sponsors .
I ’ve taken a lot of heat over the years for trying to protect the movement from being disregarded by mainstream Americans because of our internal kook factors .
When Ron Paul can obtain 71 sponsors for a bill , it ’s time for hesitant libertarians to jump on board the Federal Reserve bandwagon .
You might start by contacting your Representative today .
UPDATE : Just received the following on Twitter :
If you do n’t think the Federal Reserve issue is too arcane , then I ’m up for it !
Heard it for a while - ca n’t pretend I understand it .
Freedom !
How much of a Cheeto is Cheese , and how much is air ?
By Rob Cockerham | March 26th , 2009
Cheetos puffs are filled with delicious cheese flavor .. and air .
Not only is the bag sealed with plenty of cushioning air , the puffs themselves are packed with air .
But how much air ?
The bag would have you believe that each one contains a " puff " , but is that really true ?
How much is inside Cheetos ?
On Friday night , we decided to find out .
Cheetos are a Class 1 party snack .
Puffs are better than chips because you do n't need salsa or nacho cheese to enjoy them .
With a little ingenuity , you wo n't even need beer .
The first step was to start counting Cheetos .
We dumped them out onto the table and lined them up in groups of 10 .
Our test bag contained 240 grams of cheetos and a quick , greasy count revealed that the bag held 234 unbroken Cheetos and a small pile of broken ones ( amputeetos ) equal to 9 more puffs .
243 Cheetos in a 240 gram bag ?
Perfect !
an average weight of one gram each !
Maybe normal people do n't get excited about things like that ...
In the process of obtaining the bag count , all of us noticed that some of the cheese powder was rubbing off onto our hands .
Alicia instructed the rest of us that this oily powder was known as " Cheetos Shame " .
Built of corn , cheese , oil and air , the recipe is a modified version of big cat chow used in zoos during the 19th century .
The cheetahs still have a taste for Cheetos .
Cheetos and horsemeat .
To eliminate the trapped air and get a good idea of their actual corn and cheese mass , we needed to crush them .
First Nick tried brute force .
He was successful .
In fact , he squeezed so hard that he made a tiny corn diamond .
However , some of the puff fragments got lodged into his skin , so we had to try something else .
A hammer worked , but it made the corn powder fly all over the room .
I assumed a cheese grater would work , but in practice it failed .
We determined that Alicia was introducing too much skin and blood into the sample .
Finally , we tried this spinning blade machine .
These machines are called " cuisinart " , which is french for " robot heart " .
I dumped in all of the remaining Cheetos and hit " pulse " .
This thing has a wicked pulse .
This was the way to go !
Cheetos powder complete .
5 and a half cups of Cheetos had been reduced to a thin layer of granulated cheese .
Just like that , we had our answer .
There are two cups of cheese corn in an 8.5 ounce bag of Cheetos puffs .
The rest is just air .
Because this orange powder is essense of Cheetos , a.k.a. flavor incarnate , it is excellent for use as a seasoning .
I transferred some into a salt shaker for later use on french fries , pancakes , oatmeal , pizza , salmon , other Cheetos and in marijuana cigarettes .
Finally , it was time to clean up our mess ...
... and to enjoy some frosty Mai Tais with just a hint of cheese .
I attended a banquet in New York City April 2 , 2005 , celebrating Professor Vahakn Dadrian 's distinguished career , most notably , his singular contributions to the study of the Armenian genocide .
Dadrian 's scholarship is characterized by a unique combination of painstaking , tireless research in the face of unseemly and well financed resistance , brilliant innovation ( for example , his use of Austrian and German diplomatic sources free of either Armenian or Turkish biases ) , and , most remarkable of all in this era , an intellectual honesty oblivious to political correctness .
Regarding this latter point , specifically , Dadrian has always been unafraid to identify the uniquely Islamic institution of jihad as a critical etiologic factor in the Armenian genocide .
Indeed , the most revealing interlude of that April 2nd evening , for me , was his blunt recapitulation of a massacre as depicted in Reverend K. Balakian 's eyewitness narrative Hai Koghota ( The Armenian Golgotha ) — the major literary work [ 1 ] affecting Dadrian 's decision to study the genocide .
In a 2003 essay collection [ 2 ] , Dadrian recounted the harrowing details of this particular slaughter , its Islamic religious motifs unexpurgated .
Six thousand four hundred Armenian children , young girls , and women from Yozgad , were decamped by their Turkish captors at a promontory some distance from the city .
Then ,
To save shell and powder , the gendarmerie commander in charge of this large convoy had gathered 10,000 — 12,000 Turkish peasants and other villagers , and armed with ' hatchets , meat cleavers , saddler 's knives , cudgels , axes , pickaxes , shovels ' , the latter attacked and for some 4 — 5 hours mercilessly butchered the victims while crying ' Oh God , Oh God ' ( Allah , Allah ) .
In a moment of rare candor , this gendarmerie commander confided to the priest — author , whom he did not expect to survive the mass murder , that after each massacre episode , he spread his little prayer rug and performed the namaz , the ritual of worship , centered on prayer , with a great sense of redemption in the service of Almighty God .
The Commemoration Date
Within 24 — hours of agreeing to a secret military and political pact with Imperial Germany on August 2 , 1914 , the Ittihadist ( ' Young Turk ' ) government ordered a general mobilization , which resulted in the military conscription of nearly all able — bodied Armenian males aged 20 — 45 .
Additional calls were soon extended to the 18 — 20 , and 45 — 60 year old age groups .
The preponderance of these Armenian recruits were executed by Turkish officers and fellow soldiers after having been employed as labor battalion soldiers . [ 3 ] .
German and Austrian military and political officials — whose governments were allied with Turkey , as well as the American Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire , Henry Morgenthau — all rejected the subsequent Turkish argument during the commission of the genocide that massive deportations of the Armenians were justified due to concerns for military security .
Aleppo's veteran German Consul , Walter Rossler , in a report of 27 July 1915 to Berlin declared , ' In the absence of menfolk , nearly all of whom have been conscripted , how can women and children pose a threat ?'... German Colonel Stange , in charge of a detachment of Special Organization Forces in eastern Turkey , questioned the veracity of the argument of Ottoman military authorities .
These authorities were maintaining that the deportations were a military necessity because they feared an uprising .
In his report to his German military superiors , Stange retorted , ' Save for a small fraction of them , all able — bodied Armenian men were recruited .
There could , therefore , be no particular reason to fear a real uprising ( emphasis in the original ) ... Austrian Vice Marshall Pomiankowski , Military Plenipotentiary at Ottoman General Headquarters , provided his answer to these questions .
The Turks , ' began to massacre the able — bodied Armenian men ... in order to render the rest of the population defenseless ' .
After graphically describing the scenes of these serial massacres of conscripted Armenian men which were ' in summary fashion ' , and ' in almost all cases the procedure was the same ' , ... Morgenthau noted with emphasis the same rationale : ' Before Armenian could be slaughtered , Armenia must be made defenseless ' .
In this connection , the Ambassador notified Washington on 10 July 1915 that ' All the men from 20 to 45 are in the Turkish army ' [ 4 ]
Dadrian has argued that perhaps this initial isolation of the 18—60 year old Armenian male population in the first week of August 1914 heralds the onset of the subsequent genocide .
However , the Armenian genocide is formally commemorated on April 24 , this year marking the 90th year since the events of April 24 , 1915 .
On that date , the Turkish Interior Ministry issued an order authorizing the arrest of all Armenian political and community leaders suspected of anti—Ittihadist or Armenian nationalist sentiments .
In Istanbul alone , 2345 such leaders were seized and incarcerated , and most of them were subsequently executed .
The majority were neither nationalists , nor were they involved in politics .
None were charged with sabotage , espionage , or any other crime , and appropriately tried . [ 5 ]
As the intrepid Turkish author Taner Akcam recently acknowledged ,
... Under the pretext of searching for arms , of collecting war levies , or tracking down deserters , there had already been established a practice of systematically carried — out plunders , raids , and murders [ against the Armenians ] which had become daily occurrences ... [ 6 ]
Within a month , the final , definitive stage of the process which reduced the Armenian population to utter helplessness , i.e. , mass deportation , would begin . [ 7 ]
A True Genocide
Was the horrific fate of the Ottoman Empire 's Armenian minority , at the end of the 19th and early 20th centuries , in particular , during World War I , due to ' civil war ' , or genocide ?
A seminal analysis by Dadrian published in 2002 validates the conclusion that the Ottoman Turks committed a centrally organized mass murder , i.e. , a genocide , against their Armenian population . [ 8 ]
Relying upon a vast array of quintessential , primary source documents from the World War I allies of the Ottoman Empire , Germany and Austria — Hungary , Dadrian obviated the intractable disputes surrounding the reliability and authenticity of both Ottoman Turkish , and Armenian documents .
He elucidated the truly unique nature of this documentary German and Austro — Hungarian evidence :
During the war , Germany and Austria — Hungary disposed over a vast network of ambassadorial , consular , military , and commercial representatives throughout the Ottoman Empire .
Not only did they have access to high — ranking Ottoman officials and power — wielding decision — makers who were in a position to report to their superiors as locus in quo observers on many aspects of the wartime treatment of Ottoman Armenians .
They supplemented their reports with as much detail as they could garner from trusted informers and paid agents , many of whom were Muslims , both civilians and military ... [ 9 ]
Moreover , the documents analyzed possessed another critical attribute : they included confidential correspondence prepared and sent to Berlin and Vienna , which were meant for wartime use only . [ 10 ]
This confidentiality , Dadrian notes , enabled German or Austro — Hungarian officials to openly question the contentions of their wartime Ottoman allies , when ascertaining and conveying facts truthfully to their superiors in Europe .
Dadrian cites the compelling example of the November 16 , 1915 report to the German chancellor , by Aleppo Consul Rossler .
Rossler states ,
I do not intend to frame my reports in such a way that I may be favoring one or the other party .
Rather , I consider it my duty to present to you the description of things which have occurred in my district and which I consider to be the truth . [ 11 ]
Rossler was reacting specifically to the official Ottoman allegation that the Armenians had begun to massacre the Turkish population in the Turkish sections of Urfa , a city within his district , after reportedly capturing them .
He dismissed the charge , unequivocally , with a single word : ' invented ' . [ 12 ]
Amassed painstakingly by Dadrian , the primary source evidence from these German and Austro — Hungarian officials — reluctant witnesses — leads to this inescapable conclusion : the anti—Armenian measures , despite a multitude of attempts at cover — up and outright denial , were meticulously planned by the Ottoman authorities , and were designed to destroy wholesale , the victim population .
Dadrian further validates this assessment with remarkable testimony before the Mazhar Inquiry Commission , which conducted a preliminary investigation in the post — war period to determine the criminal liability of the wartime Ottoman authorities regarding the Armenian deportations and massacres .
The December 15 , 1918 deposition by General Mehmed Vehip , commander — in— chief of the Ottoman Third Army , and ardent CUP ( Committee of Union and Progress , i.e. , the " Ittihadists " , or " Young Turks " ) member , included this summary statement :
The murder and annihilation of the Armenians and the plunder and expropriation of their possessions were the result of the decisions made by the CUP ... These atrocities occurred under a program that was determined upon and involved a definite case of willfulness .
They occurred because they were ordered , approved , and pursued first by the CUP 's [ provincial ] delegates and central boards , and second by governmental chiefs who had ... pushed aside their conscience , and had become the tools of the wishes and desires of the Ittihadist society . [ 13 ]
Dadrian's own compelling assessment of this primary source evidence is summarized as follows :
Through the episodic interventions of the European Powers , the historically evolving and intensifying Turko — Armenian conflict had become a source of anger and frustration for the Ottoman rulers and elites driven by a xenophobic nationalism .
A monolithic political party that had managed to eliminate all opposition and had gained control of the Ottoman state apparatus efficiently took advantage of the opportunities provided by World War I .
It purged by violent and lethal means the bulk of the Armenian population from the territories of the empire .
By any standard definition , this was an act of genocide . [ 14 ]
Jihad as a Major Determinant of the Armenian Genocide
The wartime reports from German and Austro — Hungarian officials also confirm independent evidence that the origins and evolution of the genocide had little to do with World War I ' Armenian provocations ' .
Emphasis is placed , instead , on the larger pre—war context dating from the failure of the mid— 19th century Ottoman Tanzimat reform efforts . [ 15 ]
These reforms , initiated by the declining Ottoman Empire ( i.e. , in 1839 and 1856 ) under intense pressure from the European powers , were designed to abrogate the repressive laws of dhimmitude , to which non —Muslim ( primarily Christian ) minorities , including the Armenians , had been subjected for centuries , following the Turkish jihad conquests of their indigenous homelands . [ 16 ]
Led by their patriarch , the Armenians felt encouraged by the Tanzimat reform scheme , and began to deluge the Porte ( Ottoman seat of government ) with pleas and requests , primarily seeking governmental protection against a host of mistreatments , particularly in the remote provinces .
Between 1850 and 1870 , alone , 537 notes were sent to the Porte by the Armenian patriarch characterizing numerous occurrences of theft , abduction , murder , confiscatory taxes , and fraud by government officials . [ 17 ]
These entreaties were largely ignored , and ominously , were even considered as signs of rebelliousness .
For example , British Consul ( to Erzurum ) Clifford Lloyd reported in 1890 ,
Discontent , or any description of protest is regarded by the local Turkish Local Government as seditious . [ 18 ]
He went on to note that this Turkish reaction occurred irrespective of the fact that " .. the idea of revolution .. " was not being entertained by the Armenian peasants involved in these protests . [ 19 ]
The renowned Ottomanist , Roderick Davison , has observed that under the Shari'a ( Islamic Holy Law ) the '.. infidel gavours [ ' dhimmis ' , ' rayas ' ] " were permanently relegated to a status of " inferiority " and subjected to a ' contemptuous half — toleration ' .
Davison further maintained that this contempt emanated from ' an innate attitude of superiority ' , and was driven by an ' innate Muslim feeling ' , prone to paroxysms of ' open fanaticism ' . [ 20 ]
Sustained , vehement reactions to the 1839 and 1856 Tanzimat reform acts by large segments of the Muslim population , led by Muslim spiritual leaders and the military , illustrate Davison 's point . [ 21 ]
Perhaps the most candid and telling assessment of the doomed Tanzimat reforms , in particular the 1856 Act , was provided by Mustafa Resid , Ottoman Grand Vizier at six different times between 1846 — 58 .
In his denunciation of the reforms , Resid argued the proposed ' complete emancipation ' of the non —Muslim subjects , appropriately destined to be subjugated and ruled , was ' entirely contradictory ' to ' the 600 year traditions of the Ottoman Empire ' .
He openly proclaimed the ' complete emancipation ' segment of the initiative as disingenuous , enacted deliberately to mislead the Europeans , who had insisted upon this provision .
Sadly prescient , Resid then made the ominous prediction of a ' great massacre ' if equality was in fact granted to non —Muslims . [ 22 ]
Despite their ' revolutionary ' advent , and accompanying comparisons to the ideals of the French Revolution , the CUP's ' Young Turk ' regime eventually adopted a discriminatory , anti—reform attitude toward non —Muslims within the Ottoman Empire .
During an August 6 , 1910 speech in Saloniki , Mehmed Talat , pre—eminent leader of the Young Turks disdainfully rejected the notion of equality with ' gavours ' , arguing that it '... is an unrecognizable ideal since it is inimical with Sheriat [ Shari'a ] and the sentiments of hundreds of thousands of Muslims ...' . [ 23 ]
Roderick Davison notes that in fact '.. no genuine equality was ever attained ..' , re—enacting the failure of the prior Tanzimat reform period .
As a consequence , he observes , the CUP leadership '... soon turned from equality ... to Turkification ... ' [ 24 ]
Indeed , an influential member of the Ottoman Committee of Union and Progress , Sheik Abd—ul — Hack , a ' progressive ' Young Turk , made this revealing declaration writing in a Parisian Muslim review , ( Le Mecherouttiete , edited by Sherif Pasha , Paris ) , in August , 1912 :
Yes !
The Musulman religion is in open hostility to all your world of progress .
Understand , you European observers , that a Christian , whatever his position may be , by the mere fact of his being a Christian is regarded by us as a blind man lost to all sense of human dignity .
Our reasoning with regard to him is as simple as it is definitive .
We say : the man whose judgment is so perverted as to deny the existence of a one and only God , and to make up gods of different sorts , can only be the meanest expression of human degradation ; to speak to him would be a humiliation for our intelligence and an insult to the grandeur of the Master of the Universe .
The presence of such miscreants among us is the bane of our existence ; their doctrine is a direct insult to the purity of our faith ; contact with them is a defilement of our bodies ; any relation with them a torture to our souls .
Though detesting you , we have condescended to study your political institutions and your military organization .
Over and above the new weapons that Providence procures for us through your agency , you have yourselves rekindled , the inextinguishable faith of our heroic martyrs .
Our Young Turks , our Babis , our new Brotherhoods , all our sects , under various forms , are inspired by the same idea ; the same necessity of moving forward .
Towards what end ?
Christian civilization ?
Never !
Islam is the one great international family .
All true believers are brothers .
A community of feeling and of faith binds them in mutual affection .
It is for the Caliph to facilitate these relations and to rally the Faithful under the sacerdotal
standard . [ 25 ]
During the reign of Sultan Abdul Hamid , the Ottoman Turks massacred over 200,000 Armenians between 1894 — 96 .
This was followed , under the Young Turk regime , by the Adana massacres of 25,000 Armenians in 1909 , and the first formal genocide of the 20th century , when in 1915 alone , an additional 600,000 to 800,000 Armenians were slaughtered . [ 26 ]
The massacres of the 1890s had an ' organic ' connection to the Adana massacres of 1909 , and more importantly , the events of 1915 .
As Dadrian argues , they facilitated the genocidal acts of 1915 by providing the Young Turks with ' a predictable impunity . '
The absence of adverse consequences for the Abdul Hamid massacres in the 1890s allowed the Young Turks to move forward without constraint . [ 27 ]
Contemporary accounts from European diplomats make clear that these brutal massacres were perpetrated in the context of a formal jihad against the Armenians who had attempted to throw off the yoke of dhimmitude by seeking equal rights and autonomy .
For example , the Chief Dragoman ( Turkish — speaking interpreter ) of the British embassy reported regarding the 1894 — 96 massacres :
[ The perpetrators ] are guided in their general action by the prescriptions of the Sheri [ Sharia ] Law .
That law prescribes that if the " rayah " [ dhimmi ]
Christian attempts , by having recourse to foreign powers , to overstep the limits of privileges allowed them by their Mussulman [ Muslim ] masters , and free themselves from their bondage , their lives and property are to be forfeited , and are at the mercy of the Mussulmans .
To the Turkish mind the Armenians had tried to overstep those limits by appealing to foreign powers , especially England .
They therefore considered it their religious duty and a righteous thing to destroy and seize the lives and properties of the Armenians . [ 28 ]
Bat Ye'or confirms this reasoning , noting that the Armenian quest for reforms invalidated their " legal status , " which involved a " contract " ( i.e. , with their Muslim Turkish rulers ) .
This
... breach ... restored to the umma [ the Muslim community ] its initial right to kill the subjugated minority [ the dhimmis ] , [ and ] seize their property ... [ 29 ]
Kinross [ 30 ] has described the tactics of Abdul Hamid 's agents , who deliberately fomented religious fanaticism among the local Muslim populations in Turkish Armenia , and the devastating results of this incitement :
It became their normal routine first to assemble the Moslem population in the largest mosque in a town , then to declare , in the name of the Sultan , that the Armenians were in general revolt with the aim of striking at Islam .
Their Sultan enjoined them as good Moslems to defend their faith against these infidel rebels .
He propounded the precept that under the holy law the property of rebels might be looted by believers , encouraging Moslems to enrich themselves in the name of their faith at the expense of their Christian neighbours , and in the event of resistance , to kill them .
Hence , throughout Armenia , ' the attack of an ever increasing pack of wolves against sheep .'...
Each operation , between the bugle calls , followed a similar pattern .
First into a town there came the Turkish troops , for the purpose of massacre ; then came the Kurdish irregulars and tribesmen for the purpose of plunder .
Finally came the holocaust , by fire and destruction , which spread , with the pursuit of fugitives and mopping — up operations , throughout the lands and villages of the surrounding province .
This murderous winter of 1895 thus saw the decimation of much of the Armenian population and the devastation of their property in some twenty districts of eastern Turkey .
Often the massacres were timed for a Friday , when the Moslems were in their mosques and the myth was spread by the authorities that the Armenians conspired to slaughter them at prayer .
Instead they were themselves slaughtered , when the Moslems emerged to forestall their design .
The total number of victims was somewhere between fifty and a hundred thousand , allowing for those who died subsequently of wounds , disease , exposure , and starvation ...
In each of thirteen large towns the numbers of those dead ran well into four figures .
In Erzurum , the bazaar of a thousand shops was looted and wrecked by the Moslems , while some three hundred Christians were buried the next day in a single massed grave ... Cruelest and most ruinous of all were the massacres at Urfa , where the Armenian Christians numbered a third of the total population .
Here in December 1895 , after a two — months siege of their quarter , the leading Armenians assembled in their cathedral , where they drew up a statement requesting Turkish official protection .
Promising this , the Turkish officer in charge surrounded the cathedral with troops .
Then a large body of them , with a mob in their wake , rushed through the Armenian quarter , where they plundered all houses and slaughtered all adult males above a certain age .
When a large group of young Armenians were brought before a sheikh , he had them thrown down on their backs and held by their hands and feet .
Then , in the words of an observer , he recited verses of the Koran and ' cut their throats after the Mecca rite of sacrificing sheep .'... When the bugle blast ended the day 's operations some three thousand refugees poured into the cathedral , hoping for sanctuary .
But the next morning — a Sunday — a fanatical mob swarmed into the church in an orgy of slaughter , rifling its shrines will cries of ' Call upon Christ to prove Himself a greater prophet than Mohammed . '
Then they amassed a large pile of straw matting , which they spread over the litter of the corpses and set alight with thirty cans of petroleum .
The woodwork of the gallery where a crowd of women and children crouched , wailing in terror , caught fire , and all perished in the flames .
Punctiliously , at three — thirty in the afternoon the bugle blew once more , and the Moslem officials proceeded around the Armenian quarter to proclaim that the massacres were over .
They had wiped out 126 complete families , without a woman or a baby surviving , and the total casualties in the town , including those slaughtered in the cathedral , amounted to eight thousand dead .
A 1915 Ottoman Fatwa [ 31 ] believed to have been written by Sheikh Shawish ( entitled , Aljihad , and translated into English , March 10 , 1915 ) included a statement attached to its official United States consulate translation indicating , ' It was undoubtedly this and similar pamphlets which inspired the Jewish community of Alexandria ' to contact the United States Consul General 's office in Cairo .
The calls to religiously motivated violence against non —Muslims , as sanctioned by Islam — jihad war — are unmistakably clear .
If you believe in God , in his faith and apostle , hear the words of our sages as recorded by his holy prophet .
' You believers take not the Jews and Christians as friends unto you , He who loves then shall be called one of them ' .
' God shall not foster the tyrants ' .
You believers accept not unto you friends of these who abuse your faith and mock thereof .
They are called unbelievers , and you hearken unto the words of God of you believe .
Therefore if after you will put to heart to these sacred words , perhaps they have been spoken to you by God not to acquire unto us Jewish or Christian friends .
From these holy words you will realize that it is forbidden us to approach those who mock our faith — Jews and Christians , for then God forbid , God forbid we shall be deemed by the almighty as one of them God forbid ....
After all this how can we believe in the sincerity of your faith when you befriend and love unbelievers , and accept their Government without any rising without attempting to expel them from your country .
Therefore arise and purify yourselves of such deeds .
Arise to the Holy War no matter what it costs so as to carry into execution this sacred deed .
It is furthermore said in the Koran ' If your fathers if children taken unto them friends of the unbelievers , estrange yourselves even from them .'...
The Mohammedan religion enjoins us to set aside some money for Government expenses and for preparations of a holy war .
The rest of your tithes and contributions you are duty bound to send to the capital of the Caliphate to help them to glorify the name of God , through the medium of the Caliph .
Let all Mussulmans know that the Holy War is created only for this purpose .
We trust in God that the Mohammedan lands will rise from humiliation and become faithfully tied to the capital of the Caliphate until , so as to be called ' the lands of Islam ' .
This is our hope and God help us to carry through our holy aims to a successful issue for the sake of our holy Prophet ...
A holy war is a sacred duty and for your information let it be known that the armies of the Caliph is ready and in three divisions , as follows :
War in secret , war by word of mouth , and physical war .
War in secret .
This is the easiest and simplest .
In this case it is to suppose that every unbeliever is an enemy , to persecute and exterminate him from the face of the earth .
There is not a Mussulman in the world who is not inspired by this idea .
However in the Koran it is said : ' That such a war is not enough for a Mohammedan whether young or old , and must also participate in the other parts of the Holy War .
War by word of mouth .
That is to say fighting by writing and speaking .
This kind of war for example should pertain to the Mahomedans of the Caucasus .
They should have commenced this war three or four months ago , because their actual position does not permit them to but the carrying on of such warfare .
Every Mahomedan is in duty bound to write and speak against the unbelievers when actual circumstances do not permit him to assume more stringent measures , as for instance in the Caucasus .
Therefore every writer must use his pen in favor of such a war .
Physical war .
This means actual fighting in the fullest sense of the word ...
Now let us mention here the means to be adopted in carrying on this holy war , as follows : Every private individual can fight with deadly weapons , as for example .
Here is the following illustration of the late Egyptian Verdani who shot the unbelieving Butros Gal Pacha the friend of the English with a revolver .
The murder of the English police Commissioner Bavaro in India by one of our Indian brethren .
The killing of one of the officials of Kansch on his coming from Mecca by the Prophet 's friend ' Abu Bazir El Pzachbi ' , peace be unto him !
Abdallah ibn Aatick and four colleagues killed ' Abu Raafah Ibn El Hakiki ' .
The leader of the Jews of Khaybar so famous for his enmity to Islamism .
This was executed by our Prophet 's command , so did Avrala Ibn Ravacha and his friends when they killed Oscher Ibn Dawas one of the Jewish dignitaries .
There are many instances of similar cases .
Lord of the Universal
What fails us now , and why should not some of us go forth to fight this sacred war for exalting thy glorious name ?
An intrepid Protestant historian and missionary Johannes Lepsius , who earlier had undertaken a two — month trip to examine the sites of the Abul Hamid era massacres , returned to Turkey during World War I .
He again documented the results of such invocations of jihad against non —Muslims , as espoused by Sheikh Shawish , during the period between 1914 — 1918 .
Lepsius wrote :
Are we then simply forbidden to speak of the Armenians as persecuted on account of their religious belief ' ?
If so , there have never been any religious persecutions in the world ... We have lists before us of 559 villages whose surviving inhabitants were converted to Islam with fire and sword ; of 568 churches thoroughly pillaged , destroyed and razed to the ground ; of 282 Christian churches transformed into mosques ; of 21 Protestant preachers and 170 Gregorian ( Armenian ) priests who were , after enduring unspeakable tortures , murdered on their refusal to accept Islam .
We repeat , however , that those figures express only the extent of our information , and do not by a long way reach to the extent of the reality .
Is this a religious persecution or is it not ? [ 32 ]
Finally , Bat Ye'or [ 33 ] places the continuum of massacres from the 1890s through the end of World War I , in an overall theological and juridical context , as follows :
The genocide of the Armenians was the natural outcome of a policy inherent in the politico — religious structure of dhimmitude .
This process of physically eliminating a rebel nation had already been used against the rebel Slav and Greek Christians , rescued from collective extermination by European intervention , although sometimes reluctantly .
The genocide of the Armenians was a jihad .
No rayas took part in it .
Despite the disapproval of many Muslim Turks and Arabs , and their refusal to collaborate in the crime , these masssacres were perpetrated solely by Muslims and they alone profited from the booty : the victims ' property , houses , and lands granted to the muhajirun , and the allocation to them of women and child slaves .
The elimination of male children over the age of twelve was in accordance with the commandments of the jihad and conformed to the age fixed for the payment of the jizya .
The four stages of the liquidation — deportation , enslavement , forced conversion , and massacre — reproduced the historic conditions of the jihad carried out in the dar — al — harb from the seventh century on .
Chronicles from a variety of sources , by Muslim authors in particular , give detailed descriptions of the organized massacres or deportation of captives , whose sufferings in forced marches behind the armies paralleled the Armenian experience in the twentieth century .
' Double Killing ' — Ongoing Turkish Denial of the Armenian Genocide
Elie Wiesel has noted , appositely , that the final stage of genocide , its denial , is ' double killing ' .
Ignoring absurd and scurrilous allegations contained in Turkish propaganda screeds ( for example , the May 27 , 1999 eleven page document entitled , ' An Objective Look at House Resolution [ HR ] 155 ' , submitted by the Turkish ambassador in Washington , D.C. , to all United States Congressmen , which contained the mendacious claims that Armenians had murdered 100,000 Ottoman Jews , and 1.1 million Ottoman Muslims [ 34 ] ) , several persistent denialist rationales at least merit exploration and sound rebuttal , before being dismissed .
Dadrian [ 35 ] has reduced these particular attempts to characterize the Armenian genocide as ' debatable ' into the following three lines of argument ( which he aptly terms ' disjointed ' ) : ( i ) the Ottoman governments intent was merely to relocate , not destroy , the deportee population ; ( ii ) in the context of the larger global conflagration , i.e. , World War I , the Armenians and Turks were engaged in a civil war , which was itself directly responsible for heavy Turkish losses ; ( iii ) Turkish losses during the overall conflict far exceeded Armenian losses .
Dadrian poses the following logical question as a preface to his analysis of the spurious claim that the Turks engaged in a ' benevolent relocation ' of Armenian deportees :
...how did the Young Turk authorities expect to resettle in the deserts of Mesopotamia hundreds of thousands of dislocated people without securing the slightest accommodation or other amenities affording the barest conditions of subsistence for human beings ? [ 36 ]
The sham of ' relocation ' was made plain by the Chief of Staff of the Ottoman Fourth Army who oversaw the areas designated to receive these forcibly transferred Armenian populations .
He rejected the relocation pretense categorically in his memoirs stating '... there was neither preparation , nor organization to shelter the hundreds of thousands of deportees . ' [ 37 ]
This critical assessment from a key Ottoman official confirms the observations of multiple consuls representing Turkeys allies Austria and Germany ( in addition to the US Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire , Morgenthau ) .
These diplomats maintained repeatedly that dispatching the victimized Armenian populations to such desert hinterlands sealed their fate — death and ruination . [ 38 ] .
Moreover , the hundreds of thousands of deportees were not merely transferred from war zones , as claimed , but from all parts of the Ottoman Empire .
Dadrian further observes ,
As official documents unmistakably reveal ( and American Ambassador Morgenthau confirms ) only the rapid deterioration of Turkeys military situation and the resulting time constraints prevented the authorities from carrying out the projected comprehensive deportation and liquidation of the rest of the Armenian population .
In the case of Istanbul , for example , then the capital of the Empire , by November 1915 already 30,000 Armenians had been surreptitiously , and by a system of quotas , removed , according to a confidential report to Berlin by German Ambassador Metternich .
As to Smyrna , only forceful intervention of German General Liman Von Sanders , the regional military commander , stopped the completion of the deportation of that major mercantile harbor city 's Armenian population .
That intervention was triggered by the dispatch of Smyrna 's first Armenian deportee convoy as ordered by the province 's Turkish governor — general Rahmi .
This intervention proved a mere respite , however , as in 1922 the insurgent Kemalists destroyed Smyrna in a holocaust that consumed large segments of the surviving Armenian population , as well .
( emphasis added ) [ 39 ]
Were the mass killings of the Armenians merely an unintended epiphenomenon of a ' civil war ' , characterized by one apologist [ 40 ] as '... a struggle between two nations for a single homeland ' ?
Dadrian ridicules this argument by first highlighting the essential attributes of a bona fide civil war : the collapse of central government authority , creating a power vacuum filled by armed , antagonistic factions engaged in violent and sustained clashes . [ 41 ]
This basic paradigm simply did not apply to wartime Turkey , whose Ottoman state organization ,
... was not only fully functional but on account of its armed forces were able to wage for four years a multi — front gigantic war against such formidable enemies as England , France and Tsarist Russia .
The wartime emergency measures , martial law and the temporary suspension of parliament were conditions which helped invest the executive branch of the Ottoman government with enormous and concentrated power , power that was more than enough to exercise dictatorship .
Moreover , most able — bodied Armenian males were conscripted into the Ottoman Army long before Turkey intervened in the war .
What was left of the Armenian population consisted by and large of terror stricken women , children and old me desperately trying to stay alive in an environment filled with the memories of past massacres , a consuming apprehension regarding new and impending disasters and burdened with all sorts of war — related hardships . [ 42 ]
The ' civil war argument ' also hinges on the assertion that four specific Armenian uprisings —
Shabin Karahisar ( June 6 — July 4 , 1915 ) , Musa Dagh ( July 30 — September 1915 ) , Urfa ( September 29 — October 23 , 1915 ) and in particular Van ( April 20 — May 17 , 1915 ) — comprise a major , organized ' Armenian rebellion ' .
Reports by consuls of Turkeys wartime allies — Austria and Germany , debunk this argument .
The Austrian Military Plenipotentiary to Turkey during World War I , in his memoirs [ 43 ] , characterized the Van uprising as '... an act of desperation ' by Armenians who '... recognized that [ a ] general butchery had begun in the environs of Van and that they would be the next [ victims ] ' .
Germany 's consul in Aleppo , Walter Rossler , described the Urfa uprising in similar terms .
Imbued with the recent memory of the brutal 1895 massacre , and the unfolding spectacle of mas murder in their vicinity during the summer of 1915 , the Urfa Armenians made a hasty , last ditch effort to defend themselves . [ 44 ]
German Ambassador Paul Count von Wolff — Metternich filed a 72 — page report to his government in Berlin addressing all four of these uprisings .
Metternich maintained that each of these uprisings was a defensive act attempting merely to ward off imminent deportation , and he stated bluntly '... there was neither a concerted general uprising , nor was there a fully valid proof that such a synchronized uprising was organized or planned . ' [ 45 ]
As Dadrian observes ,
How could desperate groupings of people trying to stay alive by defending themselves be described as ' rebels ' supposedly bent on undermining a mighty state system intent on destroying them ?... without exception these uprisings were improvised last — ditch attempts to ward off imminent deportation and destruction .
Without exception they were all local , very limited , and above all , highly defensive initiatives ; as such they were ultimately doomed to failure .
The temporary success of the Van uprising was entirely due to a very fortuitous circumstance : the timely arrival of the advance units of the Russian Caucasus army .
A delay of one or two days in this movement might well sealed the fate of the defenders . [ 46 ]
Dadrian concedes that regardless of their justification ( underscored in wartime German , Austrian , and US consular reports of the sustained historical record of Armenian oppression and episodic massacre by the Turks ) ,
Individual Armenians and even some small groups of Armenians in very isolated cases resorted to espionage , sabotage , and other anti—Turkish hostile acts ...[ and ] ... several thousands of Armenians from all over the world , including several hundred former Ottoman subjects , rushed to the Caucasus to enroll in the ranks of the Russian Caucasus army to fight against the Turks ; the majority of them were , however , Russian subjects . [ 47 ]
In his concluding remarks on the civil war apologetic , Dadrian poses , and then addresses this ' ultimate question ' :
... does the ensemble of these facts warrant a decision to deport and wantonly destroy an entire population ?
The answer should be no for a variety of reasons but in one particular respect that answer is cast into special relief .
The reference is to a host of other ethnic and nationality groups and individuals who likewise indulged in such anti—Turkish hostile acts during the war , including sabotage , espionage and volunteering for service in the armed forces of Turkey 's enemies .
Foremost among these were the Kurds , who like the Armenians , were engaged in pro— as well as anti—Turkish activities .
On the eastern front several of the spies caught by the Turks were themselves Turks ; so were a number of Greeks operating in the west of Turkey .
Nor can one exempt the Jews who provided two distinct volunteer corps fighting the Turks at two different fronts , the Dardanelles ( in 1915 ) and Palestine ( in 1918 ) .
Moreover , one fo the largest wartime espionage networks , the NILI in Yaffa , Palestine , which was caught by the Turks , was run by a small Jewish group .
An yet , a relatively mild , if not insignificant and inconsequential treatment was accorded to them by the Turkish authorities .
These authorities at that time did not think it prudent to extend their operations of ethnic cleansing to these nationalities and minority groups and thereby compound the already existing problems arising from the ongoing mass murder of the Armenians . [ 48 ]
Lastly , Dadrian dismisses as ' blatant sophistry ' the non —sequitur Turkish claim of 2.5 million victims in the 1914 — 1922 period because it includes ( and conflates )
... disparate categories of events such as losses in World War I , losses in the post — Turkish campaign for independence , as well as losses due to epidemics , malnutrition and succumbing to the rigors of the elements ...
What is fundamental in all these losses is that overwhelmingly they are the byproducts and the results of warfare with Turkey 's external enemies .
These warfare losses are cryptically blended , juxtaposed and composed with the number of victims of an organized mass murder .
Indeed , the two categories are collapsed whereby victim and victimizer groups are subsumed under a single , undifferentiated category , having been leveled almost beyond differentiation , and no longer discernible as separate , if not antithetical , categories . [ 49 ]
Conclusion
The Ottoman Turkish destruction of the Armenian people , beginning in the late 19th and intensifying in the early 20th century , was a genocide , and jihad ideology contributed significantly to this decades long human liquidation process .
These facts are now beyond dispute .
Milan Kundera , the Czech author , has written that man 's struggle against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting . [ 50 ]
In The Banality of Indifference , Yair Auron [ 51 ] reminds us of the importance of this struggle :
Recognition of the Armenian genocide on the part of the entire international community , including Turkey ( or perhaps first and foremost Turkey ) , is therefore a demand of the first order .
Understanding and remembering the tragic past is an essential condition , even if not sufficient in and of itself , to preventing the repetition of such acts in the future ....
Yet ninety years after the events of April 24 , 1915 , the Turkish government persists in its denials of the Armenian genocide , abetted by a well — endowed network of unsavory political and pseudo — academic sycophants operating with the imprimatur of morphing geostrategic rationales — formerly , ' Turkey as a bulwark against Communism ' , and now , ' Turkey as a bulwark against radical Islam ' .
This leeway afforded Turkey is both illogical and morally indefensible .
West Germany was arguably a much more direct and important ally against the Soviet Communist bloc , while each successive post — World War II West German administration , from Adenauer through Kohl , made Holocaust denial a punishable crime .
Moreover , there is burgeoning evidence , available almost daily , that both Turkey 's government under the Muslim ideologue Erdogan ( see here as well ) and large swaths of the Turkish media and intelligentsia ( see , ' Turkish Media Project ' ) hardly qualify as ' bulwarks against radical Islam ' .
Indeed , Turkey 's contemporary Islamic ' revival ' is of particular relevance to the tragic events that transpired between 1894 and the end of World War I , because the Armenian genocide was in large measure a jihad genocide .
But most importantly , there is a compelling moral imperative which transcends the flimsy geopolitical considerations used to rationalize and sustain Turkey 's ongoing campaign of genocide denial .
Professor Deborah Lipstadt , the renowned Holocaust scholar , and author of Denying the Holocaust , and History on Trial ( which recounts her crushing defeat of Nazi—sympathizer David Irving 's ' libel ' suit ) , in conjunction with twelve other leading genocide scholars , elucidated the corrosive immorality of genocide denial in this 1996 statement :
Denial of genocide — whether that of the Turks against the Armenians or the Nazis against the Jews — is not an act of historical reinterpretation .
Rather , it sows confusion by appearing to be engaged in a genuine scholarly effort .
Those who deny genocide always dismiss the abundance of documents and testimony as contrived or coerced , or as forgeries and falsehoods .
Free speech does not guarantee the deniers the right to be treated as the ' other ' side of a legitimate debate when there is no credible ' other side ' ; nor does it guarantee the deniers space in the classroom or curriculum , or in any other forum .
Genocide denial is an insidious form of intellectual and moral degradation ... [ 52 ]
Dr. Bostom is an Associate Professor of Medicine and author of the forthcoming , The Legacy of Jihad on Prometheus Books
Notes
[ 1 ] Balakian , Reverend K. , Hai Koghkotan .
Trouakner Hai Mardirosakroutiunen .
Berlinen Tebee Zor 1914 — 1920 ( The Armenian Golgotha .
Episodes from the Armenian Martyrilogy .
From Berlin to Zor 1914 — 1920 ) , vol .
1 . Vienna , 1922 .
[ 2 ] Dadrian , V. ' The Quest for Scholarship in My Pathos for the Armenian Tragedy and its Victims ' , in Pioneers of Genocide Studies , S. Totten and S. Jacobs , editors , New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Publishers , 2002 , pp. 239—240 .
[ 3 ] Dadrian , V. ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , Journal of Genocide Research , 2003 , Vol. 5 , p. 273 .
[ 4 ] Germany Foreign Ministry Archives Turkei 183/38 , A23991 , or R14087 , K. no .
81/B.1645 ; Germany Foreign Ministry Archives Botschaft Konstantinopel 170 , J. no. 3841 , ' secret ' report of 23 August 1914 ; Joseph Pomiankowski , Der Zusammenbruch des Ottomanischen Reiches , Graz , Austria : Akademischer Druck — u. Verlag , 1969 , p. 160 . ; and Henry Morgenthau , Ambassador Morgenthau 's Story , Garden City , N.Y. : Doubleday , 1918 , pp. 302—304 .
Morgenthau 's 10 July report is in US National Archives , RG59 , 867.4016/74 ; all cited in Dadrian , V. ' The Armenian Genocide : An Interpretation ' , in Winter , J. , editor , America and the Armenian Genocide of 1914 , Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 2003 , p.63 , footnotes 18 — 21 .
[ 5 ] Uras E. , The Armenians and the Armenian Question in History , 2nd ed. , ( Istanbul , 1976 ) , p.612
[ 6 ]
Akcam T. , Turkish National Identity and the Armenian Question , ( Istanbul , 1992 ) , p. 109 .
[ 7 ]
Hovanissian R. , Armenia on the Road to Independence , ( Berkeley , CA , 1967 ) , p. 51 .
[ 8 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians as Documented by the Officials of the Ottoman Empire 's World War I Allies : Germany and Austria — Hungary ' , International Journal of Middle Eastern Studies , ( 2002 ) , Vol. 32 , Pp. 59 — 85 .
[ 9 ]
Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.60 .
[ 10 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.76
[ 11 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.76 , with specific primary source documentation , p.84 n.109 .
[ 12 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.76 , with specific primary source documentation , p.84 n.109 .
[ 13 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.77 , with specific primary source documentation , Pp.84—85 n.111 .
[ 14 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.77 .
[ 15 ] Davison R. , " Turkish Attitudes Concerning Christian — Muslim Equality in the Nineteenth Century " , The American Historical Review ( 1954 ) , Vol. 54 , Pp. 844—864 .
[ 16 ]
Bat Ye'or , The Decline of Eastern Christianity Under Islam , ( Cranbury , NJ : Fairleigh Dickinson University Press , 1996 ) 522 Pp .
[ 17 ] Dadrian V. , Warrant for Genocide : Key Elements of Turko — Armenian Conflict , ( New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Publishers , 1999 ) , p. 39 .
[ 18 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.61 , with specific primary source documentation p.79 , n.11
[ 19 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , p.61 , with specific primary source documentation p.79 , n.11
[ 20 ] Davison R. , " Turkish Attitudes Concerning Christian — Muslim Equality in the Nineteenth Century " , p.855 .
[ 21 ]
Bat Ye'or , The Decline of Eastern Christianity Under Islam , Reports by British Diplomats [ 1850 — 1876 ] , Pp. 395—433 .
[ 22 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , Pp.61 — 62 , with specific primary source documentation , p.79 n.14 .
[ 23 ] Dadrian V. , ' The Armenian Question and the Wartime Fate of the Armenians ' , Pp.61 — 62 , with specific primary source documentation , p.79 n.15 .
[ 24 ]
Davison R , " The Armenian Crisis , 1912 — 1914 " , The American Historical Review , ( 1948 ) Vol. 53 , Pp. 482—483 .
[ 25 ]
Servier , A. Islam and the Psychology of the Musulman , translated by A. S. Moss — Blundell , London , 1924 , pp. 241—42 .
[ 26 ] Dadrian V. , The History of the Armenian Genocide , ( Providence , RI : Bergahn Books , 1997 ) , Pp. 155 , 182 , 225 , 233 n.44 ; Auron Y. , The Banality of Indifference , ( New Brunswick , NJ : Transaction Publishers , 2000 ) , p. 44 .
[ 27 ] Dadrian V. , The History of the Armenian Genocide , Pp. 113— 184 .
[ 28 ] Dadrian V. , The History of the Armenian Genocide , p. 147 , with primary source documentation p. 168 n.199 .
[ 29 ]
Bat Ye'or , The Dhimmi : Jews and Christians Under Islam , ( Cranbury , NJ : Fairleigh Dickinson University Press , 1985 ) Pp. 48,67 , 101 .
[ 30 ] Lord Kinross , The Ottoman Centuries — The Rise and Fall of the Turkish Empire , New York : Morrow Quill Paperbacks , 1979 , pp. 559—560 .
[ 31 ] U.S. State Department document 867.4016/57 , March 10 , 1915 .
[ 32 ] Gabrielan M.C. , Armenia : A Martyr Nation , ( New York , Chicago : Fleming H. Revell , Co. , 1918 ) , p. 269 .
[ 33 ]
Bat Ye'or , The Decline of Eastern Christianity Under Islam , p. 197 .
[ 34 ] Dadrian , V. The Key Elements in the Turkish Denial of the Armenian Genocide : A Case Study of Distortion and Falsification , The Zoryan Institute , Cambridge , MA , 1999 , pp. 18—19 .
[ 35 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , pp. 274—275 .
[ 36 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 275 .
[ 37 ] Orgeneral Ali Fuad Erden , Birinci Dunya Harbinde Suriye Hantiralari [ Syrian Memoirs of World War I ] , Vol. 1 p. 122 ; cited in , Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 275 .
[ 38 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 275 .
[ 39 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 275 .
[ 40 ] Lewis , B. , The Emergence of Modern Turkey , London : Oxford University Press , 1961 , p. 350 .
[ 41 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 275 .
[ 42 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , pp. 275—276 .
[ 43 ] Pomiankowski , J. , Der Zusammenbruch des Ottomanischen Reiches , p. 160. ; cited in Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 276 .
[ 44 ] Germany Foreign Ministry Archives Turkei 183/40 , A35040 , Rossler 's November 8 , 1915 report ; cited in Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 276 .
[ 45 ] Germany Foreign Ministry Archives Turkei 183/40 , A25749 , September 18 , 1916 report , p. 14 ; cited in Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 276 .
[ 46 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 276 .
[ 47 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 277 .
[ 48 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 277 .
[ 49 ] Dadrian , V. , ' The Signal Facts Surrounding the Armenian Genocide and the Turkish Denial Syndrome ' , p. 277 .
[ 50 ] Kundera M. , The Book of Laughter and Forgetting , ( New York , NY : Harper Collins , 1999 )
[ 51 ] Auron Y. , The Banality of Indifference , p. 56 .
[ 52 ] Dadrian , V. The Key Elements in the Turkish Denial of the Armenian Genocide : A Case Study of Distortion and Falsification , p. 81 .
Two New Guinea tribesmen described by The New Yorker magazine as vengeful , bloodthirsty killers are settling their score with the venerable publication the nonviolent , American way : with a lawsuit .
In an April 21 , 2008 , article on blood feuds by Pulitzer Prize - winning scientist Jared Diamond , tribesman Daniel Wemp recounts how he spent three years hellbent on getting revenge for his uncle Soll ’s death .
The feud led to six battles and the deaths of 300 pigs , the story went .
Finally , a hired thug shot Isum Mandingo , the man Wemp held responsible for Soll ’s murder , in the back with an arrow , leaving him paralyzed and in a wheelchair , according to Diamond .
But Wemp and Mandingo now insist the magazine got it all wrong .
On Monday , the two men filed notice of a $ 10 million defamation lawsuit in state Supreme Court in Manhattan against The New Yorker and Diamond , claiming they were falsely accused of “ serious criminal activity and intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress , including murder . ”
Although the article was subjected to the magazine ’s famously rigorous fact - checking process , it appears The New Yorker may need to change the prescription in its monocle .
When media watchdog group stinkyjournalism.org sent a team of fact - checkers to New Guinea to check the article ’s veracity , they found Mandingo , who disputed reports of his paralysis by walking on his own two feet .
“ No matter what The New Yorker says and what Diamond says , the fact is that he is not paralyzed and is not confined to a wheelchair , ” said Rhonda Shearer , the site ’s founder .
“ It seems The New Yorker was so naive as to think that this article would not reach these supposedly primitive people in New Guinea . ”
There were no shouts and murders , but the story remains the talk of the tribes , she said .
Mandingo told the researchers he had no involvement in any blood feuds .
In fact , he ’s a peace officer in his village .
Neither Diamond nor the magazine reached out to him for confirmation , he said .
The entire article is “ untrue , ” Mandingo told the group .
As for Wemp , Diamond ’s only quoted source in the story , he initially said “ all those stories that I gave him are true stories . ”
But Wemp said Diamond ’s retelling of those stories was a lie , according to Shearer .
The New Yorker would not comment on the lawsuit , but spokeswoman Alexa Cassanos said , “ we stand by our story . ”
Diamond , a best - selling author and UCLA professor , could not be reached for comment .
The evolutionary biologist has won numerous awards for his studies as to why societies succeed or fail .
He met Wemp when the tribesman was assigned to be his driver while the scientist did research on birds more than a decade ago .
Wemp and Mandingo are representing themselves until they can find a New York attorney .
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
The Wave – ‘ The Dune ’ of Arizona
The Wave is a sandstone formation on the slopes of the Coyote Buttes in the Paria Canyon - Vermilion Cliffs Wilderness , located in northern portion of the U.S. state of Arizona , just south of the Utah - Arizona border about halfway between Kanab , Utah and Page , Arizona .
The Wave is worth exploring in great detail .
The soft sandstone is fragile , so one needs to walk carefully to not break the small ridges .
A good time for photographing the Wave is the few hours around midday when there are no shadows in the center , although early morning and late afternoon shadows can also make for dramatic photos .
When one visits the Wave after a recent rain storm , numerous pools – in which one can even bathe , and which can contain hundreds of tadpoles – can be present for several days .
The Wave itself is not easy to find .
In an effort to maintain the area ’s natural settings , there are few trails or signs to guide hikers within the area .
It is not uncommon for groups to get lost and never find the Wave .
It is therefore recommended that each group carry a GPS receiver to both find the Wave and their way back .
The Wave ’s exact GPS coordinates can be obtained from the rangers .
The domainmay be for sale .
Click here to inquire about this domain .
" An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . " - Mahatma Ghandi
While this may be true , you have to admit that these examples of revenge are pretty riveting to behold .
SAN FRANCISCO  T - Mobile is planning an aggressive push deep into the home with a variety of communications devices that will use Google ’s new Android operating software that already runs one of its cellphones .
T- Mobile plans to sell a home phone early next year and soon after a tablet computer , both running Android , according to confidential documents obtained from one of the company ’s partners .
The phone will plug into a docking station and come with another device that handles data synchronization as it recharges the phone ’s battery .
A T - Mobile spokesman , Peter Dobrow , declined to discuss the specifics of any future products but confirmed that T - Mobile had plans for several devices based on Android .
Last August , T - Mobile , the nation ’s fourth - largest wireless carrier after AT&T , Verizon and Sprint , was the first carrier to sell a cellphone , the G1 , based on the Android software , an operating system that handles the basic functions for mobile devices .
Salman Hameed in Science :
Early in 2007 , biologists and anthropologists at universities across the United States received an unsolicited gift of an 850 - page , colored Atlas of Creation , produced by a Muslim creationist , Adnan Oktar , who goes by the pen name of Harun Yahya ( Science , 16 February 2007 , p. 925 ) .
The atlas was a timely notice that , although the last couple of decades have seen an increasing confrontation over the teaching of evolution in the United States , the next major battle over evolution is likely to take place in the Muslim world ( i.e. , predominantly Islamic countries , as well as in countries where there are large Muslim populations ) .
Relatively poor education standards , in combination with frequent misinformation about evolutionary ideas , make the Muslim world a fertile ground for rejection of the theory .
In addition , there already exists a growing and highly influential Islamic creationist movement ( 1 ) .
Biological evolution is still a relatively new concept for a majority of Muslims , and a serious debate over its religious compatibility has not yet taken place .
It is likely that public opinion on this issue will be shaped in the next decade or so because of rising education levels in the Muslim world and the increasing importance of biological sciences .
More here .
And related to this , again Salman Hameed in The Guardian this time :
How should scientists respond to the rising challenge of creationism in the Muslim world ?
Despite surveys showing hostility towards evolution , there is also an overwhelmingly pro-science attitude .
This is particularly true for sciences that have practical and technological benefits .
The message about evolution in the Islamic world therefore needs to be framed in a way that emphasises practical applications and shows that it is the bedrock of modern biology .
This is the approach advocated in the US in the recent National Academy of Sciences publication Science , Evolution , and Creationism .
The arguments for evolution will have to be framed differently in each country .
The national academies of Muslim countries can tailor the specifics of the message according to the political and cultural realities of their respective communities .
For example , while evolution is included in the high school curricula of both Turkey and Pakistan , the challenges faced by schools in secular Turkey are very different from those in highly religious Pakistan .
Crucially , if a link between evolution and atheism is stressed , as some prominent scientists in the west have been advocating , this will undoubtedly cut short the dialogue and the vast majority of people in the Muslim world will choose religion over evolution .
Muslim creationists know this and they have been stressing this link in their anti-evolution works .
ARGONNE , Illinois —
In the basement of a nondescript building here at Argonne National Laboratory , nickel particles in a beaker are building themselves into magnetic snakes that may one day give clues about how life originally organized itself .
These chains of metal particles look so much like real , living animals , it is hard not to think of them as alive .
( See exclusive video below . )
But they are actually bits of metal that came together under the influence of a specially tuned magnetic field .
“ It behaves like some live object , ” says physicist Alex Snezhko .
“ It moves .
It crashes onto free - floating particles and absorbs them . ”
Based on the huge reader reaction , Drs. Snezhko and Aronson put together a special supplementary letter for Wired readers with deeper explanations of the effects described in this article .
On the spectrum of scientific endeavor , this is very far upstream in the realm where people are just trying to figure how stuff works and why .
There is some talk of applications , but at the heart of it , this is really just pure research .
Snezhko and fellow physicist Igor Aronson — both tall , thin men who have matching Russian accents and familial rapport — have discovered something really cool , and they ’re trying to simply figure out what ’s behind it .
Along the way , they could learn something fundamental about how the world works .
Looking at how their particles self - organize , the scientists see echoes of herds of sheep and schools of fish .
It seems that there might be some common rules that underpin the behavior and movement of groups of things , but it ’s not clear what those rules are .
It took a couple of years of exhaustive research to figure out how the systems emerge , some of which will be published next week in Physical Review Letters .
Perhaps , by studying this simple system , they can understand what Aronson calls “ the fundamentals of self assembly , how nature can organize itself into ordered states . ”
The idea is that if they can determine how magnetic fields and water tension can excite these particles into complex emergent behavior , they will get closer to understanding more complicated , messier systems — like the primordial soup from which life arose on Earth .
“ We still do n’t know what physics is appropriate for biology .
This is a wonderful intermediate , ” Iain Couzin , who heads Princeton ’s Collective Animal Behaviour Laboratory told Wired.com in a phone interview .
“ There ’s nothing biological about the interactions between the surface swimmers , but their collective dynamics can give us insight into how we can begin to study real biological systems . ”
Back at Argonne , this is physics for the fun of physics .
Though Snezhko tried hard to kill the snakes when they first started forming during an unrelated experiment , they soon became more interesting than the experiment they were ruining .
Now he and
Aronson can’t stop smiling as they talk about discovering something so unexpected .
The system exhibits new , dynamic behavior every time they turn it on .
It ’s mesmerizing .
The exciting science stands in stark contrast to the drab appearance of the Argonne campus .
The low - slung , plain buildings look more like a middle school — complete with linoleum floors and fluorescent lighting — than a prestigious national lab doing world - class research .
But inside his basement lab , Snezhko shows us a captivating video of what looks almost like a line drawing of a small man — one larger “ head ” particle trailed by a “ body ” of skinny chains of particles — swimming around a beaker .
As it starts heading for other chains of particles in an unpredictable and eccentric way , it ’s nearly impossible not to anthropomorphize the structure .
It just acts too much like life .
The damn thing practically has … personality .
“ It also has a very bad temper , ” Aronson jokes , noting that this creature , this figment of nature , appears to “ hunt ” the other particles .
Indeed it does .
As you can see in the video , the metallic monster , technically known as a “ surface swimmer , ” acts hungry .
As it snatches more particles , it swims faster and faster .
The experimental setup is simple : just a liquid - filled beaker surrounded by a magnet .
That magnet is hooked up to alternating current , which creates a magnetic field that can flip direction very quickly .
Most of the time , when the scientists sprinkle particles into the liquid and turn on the current , nothing really interesting happens .
Maybe the particles link together in static strings .
But when the magnetic field is tuned just right , something strange happens .
The particles snap into chains that just start swimming around .
“ We call this structure Snake , ” Snezhko says , pointing to one of the simple structures , and indeed , it looks like that game you used to play on your pre-iPhone Nokia .
( You can see a slew of other clips of the snakes at Wired Video . )
The snakes ’ motion , Snezhko says , is a kind of “ resonance . ”
As the magnetic field flips back and forth , the particles ’ movement changes the surface of the water , which changes how the particles move , which changes the surface of the water , and so on .
The simulation they ’ve developed , in the video below , helps show how the process starts .
By slightly changing the parameters — the frequency of the current , or the mixture of particle sizes — they can generate different types of systems .
Besides the hunter , they ’ve generated single - and multiple - snake systems , chains that stay still but pump water , and others that just shimmy in place .
“ You have a deliberately nonbiological system , but it ’s behaving a bit like a biological system , ” says Iain Couzin , who heads Princeton ’s Collective Animal Behaviour Laboratory .
“ I just like the way that it spans across biology and physics in quite a beautiful way . ”
And the research may one day have practical applications .
Some day , the swimmers may be used to help scrub the surfaces of materials — or maybe they ’ll hook up one of the snakes to a cell and drag it around .
Wai Kwok , the head of the superconductivity and magnetism group at Argonne , calls attaching magnetic particles to living cells “ feasible . ”
“ If you can do that , you can control an actual living organism , ” Kwok says .
At the very least , the work could help biologists understand how tiny microorganisms propel themselves .
Aronson runs another Argonne lab that tries to apply some of the snake work to single - celled organism locomotion .
Going to an even small smaller scale , self - assembled , self - propelled nanoscale swimmers could clean surfaces or deliver medications , but the scientists agree that there would be serious engineering challenges at that scale .
And in any case , standing next to his self - assembling snakes in a beaker , Snezhko has a response for reporters asking typical questions about applications .
He points to a sign that ’s taped over his bench .
It ’s a famous quote from Richard Feynman : “ Physics is like sex .
Sure , it may give some practical results , but that ’s not why we do it . ”
10:12 AM : Updated to link Physical Review Letters and clarify Kwok ’s position at Argonne .
See Also :
Image : Betsy Mason / Wired.com .
Videos : Alex Snezhko and Igor Aronson / Argonne National Laboratory .
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Jack Cover , the physicist who invented the Taser stun gun , the police weapon that subdues its targets with jolts of electricity , died Feb. 7 in Mission Viejo , Calif .
He was 88 and lived in San Clemente , Calif .
The cause was pneumonia brought on by Alzheimer ’s disease , said his wife , Ginny .
Mr. Cover ( pronounced KOH-ver ) , who worked as an aerospace scientist and was affiliated with NASA ’s Apollo moon landing program , came up with the idea for a nonlethal weapon for use in law enforcement in the 1960s as a response to emergencies in the news , including airplane hijackings .
The scientific inspiration , Ms. Cover said , was a newspaper article about a man who had inadvertently walked into an electrified fence and survived , though he was temporarily immobilized .
“ When he read that had happened , he knew an electric current could be used without danger , ” Ms. Cover said .
Steven P. Jobs , Apple ’s co-founder and chief executive , told the company ’s employees in a letter on Wednesday that he would take a leave of absence through June in order to focus on his health .
Mr. Jobs said last week that he was being treated for a hormone problem .
Here is the text of his letter as released by Apple .
Team ,
I am sure all of you saw my letter last week sharing something very personal with the Apple community .
Unfortunately , the curiosity over my personal health continues to be a distraction not only for me and my family , but everyone else at Apple as well .
In addition , during the past week I have learned that my health - related issues are more complex than I originally thought .
In order to take myself out of the limelight and focus on my health , and to allow everyone at Apple to focus on delivering extraordinary products , I have decided to take a medical leave of absence until the end of June .
I have asked Tim Cook to be responsible for Apple ’s day to day operations , and I know he and the rest of the executive management team will do a great job .
As CEO , I plan to remain involved in major strategic decisions while I am out .
Our board of directors fully supports this plan .
I look forward to seeing all of you this summer .
Steve
Colliers said speculators have already left the market
Property prices in Dubai plunged 41 % during the first three months of this year , a report has calculated .
The decline is from the last quarter of 2008 , said global real estate consultancy Colliers International .
It is just the latest indication of the extent to which Dubai 's property boom of recent years has come to an end in the face of the worldwide recession .
Colliers said prices had fallen as global finance has dried up and job opportunities in Dubai have declined .
Speculators exit
The firm 's report measured property prices in parts of Dubai where foreign workers have been allowed to buy homes since the market was opened up in 2002 .
The heat has gone out the market completely
John Davis , Colliers International
The 41 % drop in prices between January and March followed an 8 % fall in the previous three - month period .
Colliers added that speculators - people who had bought property in Dubai as an investment - had already left the market .
It said prices were now likely to continue to fall , but it was too early to predict when the market would hit rock bottom .
" The heat has gone out the market completely , " said Colliers ' Middle East chief executive John Davis .
Dubai has enjoyed rapid economic growth over the past decade , led by a construction boom , as its ruler Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum sought to diversify the economy away from its diminishing oil reserves .
It is one of the seven states that make up the United Arab Emirates .
The Los Angeles Police Department waged an aggressive behind - the - scenes campaign to convince coroner ’s officials to change their finding that a SWAT officer ’s bullet killed a 19 - month - old girl held hostage by her father three years ago , according to records reviewed by The Times .
The intense lobbying effort , which involved one of the department ’s highest - ranking officials , led to significant friction between the LAPD and coroner ’s office .
It also raises questions about whether the LAPD crossed an ethical line in pushing so hard , some medical and law enforcement experts said .
Ultimately , the LAPD ’s campaign led nowhere .
The coroner has stood firmly behind its conclusions .
But the Police Department ’s unusual attempt to have the case reopened underscores the deep , lasting effect the death of the child , Suzie Pena , has had on the officers involved and on SWAT as a whole .
The elite special weapons and tactics unit had never before killed a hostage in thousands of operations over nearly 40 years and had long operated as an insular , seemingly untouchable group shrouded in mystique .
The shooting exposed SWAT , used largely to serve warrants on dangerous suspects and handle standoffs involving barricaded people , to vigorous scrutiny by a panel of consultants convened by LAPD Chief William J. Bratton that conducted a top - to - bottom review of how it operates .
Out of the review came changes aimed at making the unit less isolated from the rest of the department and reforms in the way members are selected .
Advertisement
Through a spokesman , Bratton refused to comment for this article and refused to allow other LAPD officials to respond , citing ongoing lawsuits regarding the Pena shooting .
Coroner ’s officials also declined to comment .
Tragic shooting
By all accounts , the shooting on July 11 , 2005 , ended tragically .
Armed and high on cocaine , a suicidal Jose Raul Pena faced off with police at his used - car dealership in Watts .
Pena traded fire with officers who had surrounded the lot , then barricaded himself and his daughter in a cramped office .
SWAT members , under the mistaken belief that a sniper had wounded Pena , stormed the office .
Holding his 19 - month - old child in one arm , Pena opened fire on the officers through a thin wall as they approached , setting off a fierce fire - fight .
When the shooting stopped , Pena was dead .
Advertisement
So was the little girl .
A single bullet had struck her in the head .
The tragedy drew intense scrutiny .
Bratton angrily defended the actions of his officers , laying the blame at Pena ’s feet .
He promised , however , that the department would not shy away from the truth .
“ It is quite likely our officers killed both the suspect and the baby , ” he said at an emotional press conference two days after the incident .
“ We ’re not going to hide that . ”
The next day the Los Angeles County coroner ’s office -- the agency legally responsible for determining the cause of all deaths in the county -- confirmed Bratton ’s fears .
The wound to the girl ’s head had been caused by a high - velocity bullet fired from one of the rifles SWAT members used that day , the coroner concluded .
A grim - faced Bratton again expressed “ deep regret . ”
Internal LAPD and coroner records recently reviewed by The Times , however , show that Bratton ’s public acceptance of responsibility quickly gave way to something far more complicated .
For more than a year afterward , the records show , the LAPD quietly and aggressively pursued its own theory that Suzie Pena ’s father -- instead of a SWAT officer -- had shot the infant .
Advertisement
The idea that Pena had killed his daughter came from a 32 - year - old criminalist in the LAPD ’s crime laboratory .
With four years on the job , Amy Driver had been assigned to the forensic team examining the ballistic evidence left behind by the dozens of bullets fired by Pena and the SWAT officers .
Within days of the shooting , records show , Driver reviewed the coroner ’s detailed photos and X - rays of Suzie Pena ’s injuries and became convinced that the fatal wound had likely been caused by a bullet fired at close range from the father ’s handgun .
Driver , who has since left the department , took her idea about Pena to her supervisor , Doreen Hudson .
The theory resonated enough with Hudson that she bought an infant mannequin in an unsuccessful attempt to re-create the gunshot wound , according to an internal LAPD case log of the investigation and Hudson ’s testimony in a suit brought by the Pena family .
She also began looking for outside “ qualified medical experts , ” according to the log .
The LAPD ’s criminalists are civilian employees trained to examine physical evidence , but did not have the medical qualifications to prove Driver ’s theory .
Copies of the LAPD log and other documents were provided to The Times by someone closely involved in the case .
Driver ’s claims gathered momentum within the LAPD as Hudson informed the detectives in the department ’s Internal Affairs office , who were investigating the shooting .
A month after the shooting , Hudson , Driver and several of the detectives met with top coroner ’s office personnel , records show .
Advertisement
It was a tense meeting .
LAPD officials went into it believing that the coroner ’s autopsy of the toddler had been done poorly , according to records and interviews .
Using a PowerPoint presentation , they tried to convince the coroner ’s forensic pathologists , who are doctors responsible for determining the cause of a death , that the bone fractures , lacerations and brain injuries the little girl had sustained were not consistent with a rifle bullet .
According to court records and the coroner ’s detailed notes of the meeting , they argued that the injuries were more likely caused by Jose Raul Pena firing his handgun at close range in a downward direction as he held his child .
X - rays of the toddler , they said , showed bullet fragments that could prove Driver ’s theory .
Each point refuted
When the police finished their presentation , Dr. James Ribe , the senior deputy medical examiner who had performed the autopsy , and another forensic pathologist who had assisted him responded , according to Ribe ’s notes from the meeting .
They refuted each of Driver ’s points and explained how they had come to their conclusion .
Advertisement
At the end of the meeting , the coroner ’s chief medical examiner , Dr. Lakshmanan Sathyavagiswaran , informed LAPD officials that he saw no reason to reconsider the coroner ’s office ’s findings .
He urged the police hire an outside medical expert to review the case , records show .
Ribe , an 18 - year veteran of the coroner ’s department , was not pleased with LAPD ’s suggestion that he and his colleagues had made a mistake .
In his notes , he referred to Driver ’s argument as “ weak , ” said it was filled with “ glaring technical errors ” and dismissed her “ ridiculous attempt to postulate a gunshot wound extending downward . ”
He also expressed dismay that the LAPD had not sought the expert opinion of an independent doctor and had allowed a criminalist without the necessary medical training to put forth her thoughts in a case involving the actions of officers in her own department .
“ It was scientifically and ethically irresponsible , ” he wrote .
“ All this raises extremely disturbing questions about the integrity of the LAPD ’s approach to this investigation . ”
Advertisement
Ribe had been a source of controversy before , coming under scrutiny in 2003 for a pattern of changing his findings .
At that time , Sathyavagiswaran backed Ribe staunchly , praising him for his willingness to reexamine his conclusions and calling him “ an honest , top - notch forensic pathologist . ”
The LAPD did not let the issue drop .
Police officials drew up a “ fact sheet ” that summarized Driver ’s ideas , addressed it to Sathyavagiswaran and again asked him to reopen the case .
When that led nowhere , Michael Berkow , then LAPD ’s deputy chief in charge of internal affairs , requested another meeting with Sathyavagiswaran on Oct. 13 , 2005 .
At the meeting , the deputy chief urged the coroner to reconsider but was again rebuffed , according to Ribe ’s notes and testimony by Hudson in a lawsuit filed by Pena ’s family .
In a recent interview with The Times , Berkow , who has since left the LAPD , defended the department ’s actions , saying that it was the responsibility of his investigators to pursue every possible explanation of what had happened during the shootout .
Bratton had approved of the effort , he said .
The department tried repeatedly to find a pathologist to review the case , according to the LAPD ’s case log , which shows that Hudson tried to contact at least eight outside experts .
One of the requests was made to the U.S. military ’s pathology institute .
When the institute refused to accept the case , Berkow formally appealed to the Department of Defense and was turned down again , records show .
Advertisement
The LAPD ’s search led eventually to Dr. William Oliver , a forensic pathologist at the Georgia Bureau of Investigation .
For a $ 2,000 consulting fee , Oliver agreed to review the case in the summer of 2006 , according to the LAPD ’s internal case log of the investigation .
His conclusions , however , were not what the LAPD wanted to hear .
“ There is little or no good evidence that the wound is from . . . a handgun , ” he wrote .
Although Oliver ’s findings apparently brought an end to the LAPD ’s lobbying effort , the fallout from the shooting went on .
The panel convened by Bratton after the incident delivered a sharp critique of the unit .
Since then , Bratton has made several changes to SWAT , some of which deeply angered some SWAT officers .
Most controversial were changes to the selection criteria , which the consultants said over - emphasized physical prowess .
Officers cleared
Advertisement
The civilian body that oversees the LAPD eventually cleared the SWAT officers who stormed Pena ’s office of any wrongdoing .
But the incident continued to hang heavily over the unit , and some LAPD officials said the department hoped that Driver ’s theory would absolve the officers of any guilt they felt .
Some law enforcement watchdog groups and medical experts , however , said it was appropriate for the LAPD to pursue Driver ’s theory but questioned the way in which the department went about it .
Dr. Gregory J. Davis , a professor of pathology at the University of Kentucky and a member of the ethics committee at the National Assn. of Medical Examiners , said the LAPD should have consulted with an outside expert before approaching the coroner and that it was “ certainly inappropriate ” to have a deputy chief spearhead the lobbying .
“ It has the intimation of bringing pressure to bear on the coroner , ” Davis said .
Advertisement
Peter Bibring , a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California , said he was concerned with the extent of the LAPD campaign .
“ It seems unlikely that they would have gone to such lengths to challenge the coroner if they had found that the father had killed the baby , ” he said .
“ It is so important that [ investigations into police shootings ] are impartial and unbiased .
Even if this is just a problem of perception , the public has to be able to have faith that when the department goes the extra mile like this that it is about accuracy instead of exonerating officers . ”
--
joel.rubin@latimes.com
They were the biggest land animals ever , but how did sauropod dinosaurs get so huge ?
( Image : Christian Darkin / SPL )
Find out more about sauropods in our gallery
BEFORE my visit to Argentina , I had no real grasp of how large the very biggest dinosaurs could be .
In the end , all it took was a glance at a single bone .
I was in the Argentine Museum of Natural Sciences in Buenos Aires when I came across a vertebra from a dinosaur ’s back .
What to compare it with ?
A human vertebra would fit comfortably in the palm of your hand .
An elephant ’s would take two hands .
At 1.6 metres tall , the vertebra in front of me was on another scale entirely – it would need a forklift truck to shift it .
The vertebra belonged to argentinosaurus , a 100 - million - year - old dinosaur that , as far as we know , was the biggest land animal that ever lived .
In life it was 35 metres long and weighed around 80 tonnes .
Argentinosaurus is a member of the sauropods , an instantly recognisable group that includes diplodocus , brachiosaurus and apatosaurus .
Sauropods had long necks , long tails , barrel - shaped torsos and trunk - like legs .
They were n’t all enormous , but the big ones were extraordinary .
No land animal has come close to the size of argentinosaurus and its ilk ( marine animals are a different story – see “ The whales ’ tale ” ) .
The biggest land animal today is the African elephant , with a large male weighing in at around 6 tonnes .
The largest land mammal ever was a 6 - metre - tall hornless rhino known as Paraceratherium , which lived 30 million years ago and would have tipped the …
" Since I went through this with Lennar , I 've had advice from some of the best intellectual property lawyers , and I know exactly what I can and can't do .
We 're not going to back down from this , " he promises .
Google 's ' Street View ' service , which gives users the ability to take a virtual tour of cities mapped from thousands of specially - taken photographs , has launched today in the UK .
The service , which will initially launch in 25 British cities including Manchester , London and Belfast , was originally unveiled in May 2007 , and has since been expanded to nine countries , including Japan , Australia , France and Spain , as well as the US where it launched .
Images were taken by specially modified Google Street View cars , which are fitted with 360 - degree photographic equipment , and are estimated to have travelled 22,369 miles in the process of mapping the UK cities available to view today .
Accessible via Google Maps , Street View captures not only the landmarks of the cities covered ; it also gives a snapshot of everyday life , with other cars and pedestrians photographed in the same detail as the streets around them .
This has led to concerns over whether the mapping constitutes an invasion of privacy , and even allegations that it may aid potential criminals to plan crimes .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
As an acknowledgement of these concerns , Google has employed special techniques to obscure faces and number - plates in the images .
The service has also partnered with a number of UK organisations to provide extra content , including Visit Britain , FancyaPint.com and the Tate , all of whom have contributed suggestions to a series of Street View galleries highlighting some of the country 's tourist hotspots .
As a cheeky sidenote to the launch , Google have hidden popular children 's book character Wally from Martin Handford 's ' Where 's Wally ? ' series somewhere in today 's release , challenging users of the site to find the forgetful traveller , who is wearing his trademark jumper , walking stick and red and white striped bobble hat .
Street View UK : Google explains
Linux 0.01 remake
Linux 0.01
0.01 is the first version of linux ( also called freax ; ) ) , released on september 1991 by linus .
You can download the original version here
You can't do too much with this os , exept learning how os work .
So do n't try to run X application on it :)
If you want more information then read this
Linux - 0.01 is realy too old , so you can't build it in your modern computer .
If you really want , then you will have to :
- install an old version of minix with Bruce Evan 's patch .
( you should find more info thank ' to google ) .
( you can use an emulator )
- Install gcc-1.40 and install it on your patched minix
- build your old linux and enjoy !
( you will have to update include / config.h , inclulde / linux / hdreg.h , init / main.c and kernel / hd.c )
- you shoul be able to install an old version of bash .
I never try to build the original version of this linux .
I started linux - 0.01 - remake in order to build it directly on my computer using debian etch instead of minix 1.x
Linux 0.01 - remake
The main goal of this project is :
- to build linux 0.1 from modern linux ( I use debian etch for bootstrap )
- to use gcc - 4.x
- to run binary in userland .
( I use elf format because I had some problem with a. out with gcc - 4.x
- more inportant : learning lot of things about OS dev .
Do n't forget that linux 0.01 is really no too difficult to understand , and code source is not too big :)
For now the kernel can be executed .
Linus used gcc-1.40 which is too old , and I have done sevral change in order to compile it on newer gcc .
Note :
- I have not yet tested it on real hardware !
I 'm runing qemu emulator for testing .
- They may be some bug , if you find one , plese let me know
- I have probably done some thing the wrong way : I 'm not a kernel hacker .
hdd
linux - 0.01 use old CHS : head value is coded in 6 bit so you can't have more than 63 head ( 1023 for cylinder , and 63 for sector )
If you HDD has too much head , sector or cylinder , then use fdisk to adjust them .
userland program
Ok it "s cool to run the kernel alone , but it 's better to run on it some " userland " program :)
more seriously , you will have to build the program :
- in elf binary format
- do n't forget to do a static link , because linux do n't use shared library ;)
- do n't forget to use option - nostdlib and - nostdinc .
We ca n't use the std lib of the host !
- you can use function which are in lib folder , and in include folder .
- you can use dietlibc ( and maybe uclibc )
screenshot
" basic command " trying to build linux 0.01 ... vimvim in action
Zaidi has always insisted he was making a legitimate protest
The Iraqi journalist who hurled his shoes at former US President George W Bush has had his sentence cut from three years to one year on appeal .
Muntadar al - Zaidi's lawyer argued that the charge should be changed from assault to insulting a foreign leader .
The judge agreed and reduced the term in line with the less serious offence .
An official for the court said the presiding judge had also taken into account the fact that Zaidi had no prior criminal history .
" The appeal court issued its decision today ... taking into consideration that he [ Zaidi ] is still young and does n't have any previous convictions , " said Abdul Sattar al - Birqdar , the spokesman for the Iraqi judicial council .
Grave insult Zaidi's lawyer , Yaha al - Ittabi , said the decision showed " the independence and the integrity of the Iraqi judiciary " .
Shoe hurling is a grave insult in Arab culture , but Mr Bush - who was on a farewell trip to Iraq at the time - shrugged off the attack .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The shoe attack happened in mid-December 2008 during a news conference Mr Bush was holding with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki .
Zaidi , of al - Baghdadiya TV , called Mr Bush " a dog " and threw his shoes as a " farewell kiss " from Iraqis who had been killed , orphaned or widowed since the US - led invasion .
" I had the feeling that the blood of innocent people was dropping on my feet during the time that he was smiling and coming to say bye - bye to Iraq with a dinner , " Zaidi said during his trial in March .
Hero or criminal ?
He was overpowered and arrested and his actions were condemned by the Iraqi government as " shameful " .
Zaidi had faced a potential 15 years in jail , now slashed to one year
But the shoe attack , at a globally televised news conference , was celebrated across the world by critics of the outgoing US president , who ordered the 2003 invasion of the Iraq .
An opinion poll carried out for the BBC and ABC - the full results of which appear next Monday - suggested 62 % of the Iraqis polled considered Zaidi a " hero " .
Some 24 % of the sample said they viewed him as " criminal " , while 10 % thought he was a hero and criminal equally .
Taking into account pre-trial custody and the customary reductions of sentences , Zaidi is set to be released on 14 September .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Pasta is displayed in San Sebastian , November 21 2007 .
REUTERS / Vincent West
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - U.S. researchers have found a gene responsible for turning a plate of pasta into fat , offering new clues about how the body metabolizes carbohydrates and how they contribute to obesity .
The gene , called DNA - PK , appears to regulate the process in the liver that turns carbohydrates into fat , the University of California , Berkeley team reported on Thursday in the journal Cell .
“ We hope that this research will one day help people eat bread , pasta and rice and not worry about getting fat , ” Roger Wong , a graduate student who worked on the study , said in a statement .
When they bred mice with a disabled version of this gene , the mice stayed slim even when fed the equivalent of an all - you - can - eat pasta buffet .
“ The DNA - PK disabled mice were leaner and had 40 percent less body fat compared with a control group of normal mice because of their deficiency in turning carbs into fat , ” Wong said .
He said the mice who lacked this gene did not get fat when they ate high - carb food and they had lower levels of blood cholesterol , which can reduce the risk of heart disease .
Since humans have the same gene , the team thinks it may serve as a potential target for drugs to prevent obesity .
Some serious proof has been uncovered by the Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany .
The group has learned that wild female chimpanzees copulate more frequently with males who share meat with them over long periods of time .
In other words , men that share , get it more often .
( Can you imagine the guy sitting out in the wild counting how many times Rosy the Ape copulated this month ? )
Scientists ( ahem ) have long puzzled about this .
They believe that men who are more successful hunters get more wives and a larger number of offspring .
Let ’s see .
Men who do their jobs well get better wives .
And people study this over while sitting in bushes ?
Come on !
Studies on wild chimpanzees show that male hunters share meat ( not that meat ) with females who did not participate in the hunt .
One hypotheses proposed is meat - for - sex .
But evidence does n’t really support the claim though males , both humans and chimpanzees want the support .
In research conducted in the Tai National Park , Coted ’Ivoire , it was found that females copulate more frequently with males who share meat with them on at least one occasion .
Males who never shared never had sex .
Well , duh !!
Gomes said : “ Our results strongly suggest that wild chimpanzees exchange meat for sex , and do so on a long - term basis .
Males who shared meat with females doubled their mating success , whereas females , who had difficulty obtaining meat on their own , increased their caloric intake , without suffering the energetic costs and potential risk of injury related to hunting . ”
“ Previous studies might not have found a relationship between mating success and meat sharing because they focused on short - term exchanges ; or perhaps because in those groups access to females was driven by male coercion so females rarely chose their mating partners , ” she added .
The conclusion : “ Our findings add to the ever - growing evidence suggesting that chimpanzees can think in the past and the future and that this influences their present behavior . ”
So , “ where ’s my meat ? ”
Many ParkPennies readers have asked for more information about Disneyland " error coins " .
As long time collectors know , error coins are few and far between .
That makes them all the more fun to collect and write about .
They usually are worth more than non -error coins also .
The MatterNhorn coin was first at the park on a very crazy day for yours truly .
( Do you sometimes think that the new penny presses wait until you are going to be gone for a couple of weeks before they make their appearances ?
I do ! )
So I stopped at Disneyland on the way to the airport just to check on new machines one more time before I left on Friday , July 2 , 2004 .
Luck was with me .
The DL0236 " MatterNhorn " coin was on - stage !
I pressed a few and was at 30,000 feet before I even thought there might be an error in the spelling !
You know , in some lands they do spell " Matternhorn " with two " n’s " ... just not Disney - land .
By the afternoon of Sunday , July 4 , 2004 the coin was off - stage and retired .
It was replaced by the DL0250 " Matterhorn " coin on Wednesday , July 28 , 2004 .
( Click on the catalog numbers to see and compare images in the top frames or view a close up comparison of the Matternhorn and Matterhorn coins here )
Even given it ’s short stay on - stage , several lucky ParkPennies.com readers read about this new machine in plenty of time to press a set or ask a friend to press one for them .
At least one set of these coins was sold on eBay shortly after the set was taken off stage .
The winning auction bid was about $ 25.00 for the set .
Given the interest that followed the discovery , in my opinion , a set offered for sale today may very well bring a higher price if offered .
As long time collectors will attest , best to " get while the gettin ’ is good " .
You just never know how long a pressed coin will be available .
You may also want to read about the " Disneyland Tower of Terror " Pressed Penny Error coins or the " The Chip N Dale " Pressed Penny Error Coin .
Get government out of marriage business Share This :
Get government out of marriage business
In his [ Montreal Gazette ] article , " It 's inevitable : The courts will legalize polygamy " ( Opinion , April 7 ) , David Warren laments the foregone conclusion that courts will legalize polygamy , and rails against the constitutional climate that has made it possible .
But why is polygamy criminalized in the first place and why are conservatives like Warren so adamant in keeping it that way ?
A 2006 study by three law professors at Queen 's University concluded that criminalizing polygamy serves no useful purpose ; polygamy is rarely prosecuted , and anti-polygamy laws likely violate the guarantee of freedom of religion .
Polygamy also has a history that predates monogamy by thousands of years , yet polygamists remain unfairly persecuted in North America .
It is present in many cultures , and given its past religious importance there 's no doubt it 's a legitimate religious belief , Warren 's misgivings notwithstanding .
If the arrangement is among consenting adults then the government has no legitimate authority in interfering in the relationship .
It 's extremely problematic for the state to wield its coercive power against polygamy without clear evidence of an actual crime .
If two men or two women wish to marry each other and it infringes on no one else 's rights , then the government should n't stop them .
Same thing goes for polygamy .
Consensual adults should be free to marry whomever they please .
The contradictions are apparent and polygamists see it as an issue of unequal treatment under the law .
When the Utah ban on polygamy was challenged in 2004 ( a challenge that was eventually dismissed ) , Dani Eyer , executive director of the ACLU of Utah , said the state will " have to step up to prove that a polygamous relationship is detrimental to society .
...
There 's no denying that thousands and thousands are doing that here and will maintain that it 's healthy .
...
The model of the nuclear family as we know it in the immediate past is unique , and may not be necessarily be the best model .
Maybe it 's time to have this discussion . ''
The practice might be frowned on but one does n't have to condone the practice to recognize the heavy - handed senselessness of criminalizing it .
The more important argument for polygamy is that government should stay out of marriage .
Polygamists have refused to acknowledge the state and its intrusion into their private affairs , and so they should .
There 's no legitimate reason for the government to dispense morality edicts on what is properly the private sphere .
The impending court battle allows pro-family advocates who were against same - sex marriage to bring up the same public - policy talking points , but someone 's private marriage is n't a matter for public debate .
This is something gays did n't comprehend when they begged the government to legally recognize their relationships and it's something the traditionalists miss when they want to be the only ones to have their marriages granted state legitimacy .
A legal marriage should be between those involved in a committed relationship without state interference .
David Boaz , executive vice - president of the Cato Institute , had this to say in an 1997 article calling for the privatization of marriage : " If they wanted to contract for a traditional breadwinner / homemaker setup , with specified rules for property and alimony in the event of divorce , they could do so .
Less traditional couples could keep their assets separate and agree to share specified expenses .
Those with assets to protect could sign prenuptial agreements that courts would respect .
Marriage contracts could be as individually tailored as other contracts are . "
Consenting adults choose relationships that work for them whether they are monogamous or polyamorous .
Maybe Warren is wrong and the anti-polygamy law eventually will be considered valid because it protects women and children and promotes " Canadian values . "
British Columbia Attorney - General Wally Oppal might also be right when he claims that most Canadians find polygamy morally repugnant .
But neither personal feelings nor constitutional parsing should dissuade us from this essential point : Government should stay out of the marriage business - and that includes marital structures the majority disapprove of .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
The polygamists ' claim for legal recognition is bolstered by same - sex marriage .
Winston Blackmore will cite gay marriage laws in his defence , which is a scenario that was predicted by many critics - such as David Warren - when same - sex marriage was legalized .
If two men or two women wish to marry each other and it infringes on no one else 's rights , then the government should n't stop them .
Same thing goes for polygamy .
Consensual adults should be free to marry whomever they please .
The contradictions are apparent and polygamists see it as an issue of unequal treatment under the law .
When the Utah ban on polygamy was challenged in 2004 ( a challenge that was eventually dismissed ) , Dani Eyer , executive director of the ACLU of Utah , said the state will " have to step up to prove that a polygamous relationship is detrimental to society .
...
There 's no denying that thousands and thousands are doing that here and will maintain that it 's healthy .
...
The model of the nuclear family as we know it in the immediate past is unique , and may not be necessarily be the best model .
Maybe it 's time to have this discussion .
'' The practice might be frowned on but one does n't have to condone the practice to recognize the heavy - handed senselessness of criminalizing it .
The more important argument for polygamy is that government should stay out of marriage .
Polygamists have refused to acknowledge the state and its intrusion into their private affairs , and so they should .
There 's no legitimate reason for the government to dispense morality edicts on what is properly the private sphere .
The impending court battle allows pro-family advocates who were against same - sex marriage to bring up the same public - policy talking points , but someone 's private marriage is n't a matter for public debate .
This is something gays did n't comprehend when they begged the government to legally recognize their relationships and it's something the traditionalists miss when they want to be the only ones to have their marriages granted state legitimacy .
A legal marriage should be between those involved in a committed relationship without state interference .
David Boaz , executive vice - president of the Cato Institute , had this to say in an 1997 article calling for the privatization of marriage : " If they wanted to contract for a traditional breadwinner / homemaker setup , with specified rules for property and alimony in the event of divorce , they could do so .
Less traditional couples could keep their assets separate and agree to share specified expenses .
Those with assets to protect could sign prenuptial agreements that courts would respect .
Marriage contracts could be as individually tailored as other contracts are .
" Consenting adults choose relationships that work for them whether they are monogamous or polyamorous .
Maybe Warren is wrong and the anti-polygamy law eventually will be considered valid because it protects women and children and promotes " Canadian values . "
British Columbia Attorney - General Wally Oppal might also be right when he claims that most Canadians find polygamy morally repugnant .
But neither personal feelings nor constitutional parsing should dissuade us from this essential point : Government should stay out of the marriage business - and that includes marital structures the majority disapprove of .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Saturday 11 April 2009 - 12:15:52 - Permalink
I have just posted to ifeminists .
net a guest editorial by Bruce Korol entitled " Get government out of marriage business . "
I encourage you to visit ifeminists .
net regularly to browse the newsfeed and other site content that is updated on a daily basis .
The article is also reprinted below ....
In his [ Montreal Gazette ] article , " It 's inevitable : The courts will legalize polygamy " ( Opinion , April 7 ) , David Warren laments the foregone conclusion that courts will legalize polygamy , and rails against the constitutional climate that has made it possible .
But why is polygamy criminalized in the first place and why are conservatives like Warren so adamant in keeping it that way ?
A 2006 study by three law professors at Queen 's University concluded that criminalizing polygamy serves no useful purpose ; polygamy is rarely prosecuted , and anti-polygamy laws likely violate the guarantee of freedom of religion .
Polygamy also has a history that predates monogamy by thousands of years , yet polygamists remain unfairly persecuted in North America .
It is present in many cultures , and given its past religious importance there 's no doubt it 's a legitimate religious belief , Warren 's misgivings notwithstanding .
If the arrangement is among consenting adults then the government has no legitimate authority in interfering in the relationship .
It 's extremely problematic for the state to wield its coercive power against polygamy without clear evidence of an actual crime .
The veterans of the logo design industry have achieved their success for a reason .
Sure , it 's partially due to the years of practice , blood , sweat , tears and inky fingers .
But mainly , it 's because they stuck to the ten solid - gold principles of world class logo design .
Bonus trivia : can you guess which logo the image for this post is taken from ?
It ai n't that hard , but you still get a cookie for getting it right , just because we 're fans of yours .
1. Ensure a thorough design brief is received – David Airey
As with all design projects , the brief outlines the plans , desires and expected outcomes of the job .
With logo design , the design brief is a valuable piece of documentation which directs the designer towards the correct goal .
David Airey , a well known logo designer from Ireland says :
A solid logo design brief ensures that no time is wasted , and that you receive targeted logo options as soon as possible .
The logo brief also helps me focus my attention on the areas that best serve your business , making you much happier with the final result .
When you ’re dealing with a graphic or logo design project , it ’s vital to write a detailed design brief at the very beginning .
There are two main reasons for this :
Firstly , it ensures that you , as a business owner or in - house manager know exactly what you want to achieve from your project .
Second , the brief acts as a point of reference for designers , giving them key points to focus on .
2. Research the client ’s industry – Jon Sandruck
A comprehensive knowledge of the client ’s business and industry plays a key role in the creation of a logo that not only portrays the correct message , but also helps the client stand out in their sector .
Jon Sandruck is a freelance graphic designer living and working in Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex .
In his article on the creation of the Alliance Business Insurance logo , his research into the company led to a well - targeted idea for the logo design :
It struck me that a big part of what an insurance company like Alliance provide their customers is assembling the best mix of products for their clients ... or build an Alliance .
To that end , I focused on the idea of assembling multiple pieces into a whole .
Because the company 's name is Alliance , and the capital A is a triangle , and the triangle is THE most visually stable shape , and stability is a key attribute in the insurance industry , I decided to focus on icons that formed the letter A .
3 . Use a sketchpad to quickly flesh out initial ideas – Dainis Graveris
With computers being the centre of all design in the modern world it is often easy to get stuck in with the digital creation , although this sometimes results in a vague direction for the logo design process .
Sketching out initial ideas can help you quickly consider and review various ideas .
Dainis Graveris is a designer from Latvia .
In his Logo Creation Process article , he talks about the use of inspirational sketching :
Sketching is n’t time consuming and is a really good way to put your ideas from your head right on the paper .
After that it ’s always easier to actually design it on the computer .
Sketching helps to evolve your imagination - once you understand it , you always will start from just white paper .
4. Design the logo to work in a single color – Patrick Winfield
Logos are used in a huge range of environments , some of which require the logo to be reproduced at small scale or in limited colors , therefore it is important to ensure that the logo design works in mono format .
As an author of the 10e20 blog Patrick Winfield shares his inspirations and ideas with his readers .
In his article , The Logo Design Process , from Concept to Completion he deals with the topic of color in design :
I like to work first in black and white to ensure that the logo will look good in its simplest form .
Color is very subjective and emotional .
This can distract from the overall design - say if you saw your logo in all red that color may be the first thing that you respond to and not the composition of the design elements .
I will not even consider submitting color suggestions to a client for review until they have signed off on a final black and white logo .
5 . Create the logo in vector format – Chris Spooner
Vector applications such as Adobe Illustrator create artwork based on mathematical equations , whereas raster based applications such as Adobe Photoshop rely on the underlying pixels of the document .
In order for a logo design to be scaled without the quality of the imagery being affected the logo must be in vector format .
Chris Spooner is a freelance graphic and web designer .
In his article ' How to Design a Logotype from Conception to Completion ' he talks about the need for vector graphics in logo design :
Always design your logos in a vector application such as Adobe Illustrator , rather than a raster application such as Photoshop , the reason being the logo must be scalable without losing quality and needs to appear crisp when printed on anything from business cards to 20ft vinyl banners .
6 . Present only the best concepts to the client – Angela Ferraro - Fanning
Once a range of design concepts have been created , it is time to select the best examples for presentation to the client for review .
This stage is a halfway point in the overall process and determines whether the project is on the right track .
Angela Ferraro - Fanning , the owner of 13 thirtyone talks about some of her processes in her walkthrough of the logo creation for shoe boutique ; Kick :
It is my policy when working on a client ’s logo that I present them with three concepts .
I try to create three entirely different looks while utilizing the three different types of logo formats : just type , image only , and a combination of both .
Just because my client sees three logos though , does n’t mean that ’s all it takes .
With Kick ’s logo conception , I literally created 35 different logo ideas .
In choosing the logo designs for Kick to consider , I first have to decide which ones I truly feel are my best work .
It is important that I present clients with pieces that I ’d feel happy about showing in my portfolio .
Work that is published is work that will be seen by prospective clients as well .
Therefore , I must be sure each concept given to the client is of the utmost quality .
7 . Show how the logo would work in context – Veerle Pieters
A logo can be used for a range of purposes , from business stationery to vehicle graphics .
Knowing the proposed use of a clients logo can help tailor the concepts to give a preview of how they would work in context .
Veerle Pieters is a graphic / web designer living in Belgium and one half of the design team Duoh !
In a recent blog article she outlined the process of her logo design for Scroll magazine :
Since this logo's main purpose is to fit on the cover of a magazine I thought I ’d present it to my client using a fictive cover photo .
Depending on the cover illustration or photo I thought of using the logo either in black or in white .
8. Keep it Simple ( Stupid ) – Jeff Fisher
A popular principle in the world of design is the acronym KISS , which stands for Keep It Simple , Stupid .
The idea being to aim towards simplicity in a design rather than unnecessary complexity .
Master logo designer and book author Jeff Fisher makes some in depth points on the use of simplicity in logo design :
While in college in the mid-70's an instructor introduced me to the K.I.S.S. Principle of design ; which translates to : Keep It Simple , Stupid .
It does convey a very important design consideration .
Simple logos are often easily recognized , incredibly memorable and the most effective in conveying the requirements of the client .
A refined and distilled identity will also catch the attention of a viewer zipping by signage at 70 miles per hour , on packaging on the crowded shelves of a store , or in any other vehicle used for advertising , marketing and promotion .
Remember , the basis of the hugely effective international branding for the world ’s largest shoe manufacturer is a very simple graphic swoosh .
9 . Make educated choices when it comes to color – Ryan Nichols
Color is one of the key aspects of any design , the psychology and impressions that each color gives can dramatically alter the message and overall appeal of a design .
With logo design being closely related to presenting key values , color choice is of high importance .
Ryan Nichols worked as Creative Director during the branding of the popular Future of Web conferences from Carsonified .
In an in - depth article exposing the process behind the branding project he talks about the color choices behind the FOWA , FOOA and FOWD conferences :
We believe color is a very important communicator .
It contributes a lot to the tone and intended message of a brand .
From the information we gathered in the design strategy phase , I knew that we wanted to create a palette that had some energy and boldness to stand out against the bland competitors .
Our first step was to put together a mood board to take a look at some palettes that had this quality .
Eventually , we decided on using a single energetic color for each conference paired with a conservative chocolate brown .
This would give each brand a fresh look , while the brown balanced it and kept it from being too wild or energetic .
This also allowed the brown to act as a unifying thread throughout the conferences , effectively tying them all together .
10 . Rebrand with care – David Turner , Michael Bierut
Logos should be designed to avoid trends , making them timeless pieces of design that will look great today or years in the future .
Every now and again however a brand needs a refresh .
Two popular rebrands of this year include Metallica and Saks Fifth Avenue .
It is of utmost importance when rebranding to pay particular attention to the history and established views of the original design , especially when taking into consideration brands such as Metallica , who have a die hard fan club to please who may have the original logo tattooed on their arm !
David Turner was the designer behind the Metallica rebranding , whose studio Turner Duckworth also worked on the famous Coca Cola rebrand and designed the logo for Amazon .
During an interview on his thoughts behind the Metallica logo he says :
The logo itself was a big deal and it convinced me that we were a good fit with Metallica .
We looked at their history , how they ’d adapted a logo they ’d originally created , but it had been taken beyond recognition .
It runs parallel to the Coke identity work we did where people had designed the soul out of it .
Lars said that he would love it if we would look at the old logo and see if there was something in it ; an authentic quality to it .
The interesting thing was , once we put the logo on the web , the response from fans was great .
It ’s very important to them .
And there ’s an iconic M that works with the title of the new album .
It all fits together .
Similarly , Michael Bierut , partner of Pentagram , talks about the research into the history of the Saks Fifth Avenue brand and takes inspiration from the original logos :
Examining their history we found the store had used literally dozens of logos since its founding .
Of these , one stood out , the logo drawn in 1973 by Tom Carnese , adapted from a signature introduced almost twenty years before .
In many people 's minds , this still was the Saks logo .
But simply reinstating a 30 - year - old logo would n't be enough .
Saks was happy to emphasize its heritage , but it was even more eager to signal that it was looking to the future , a place of constant change and surprise with a consistent dedication to quality .
Extra Resources
Looking for more ?
Why not look into Identity Design with Tuts + Courses .
If you 're interested in getting some help with your logo project , Envato Studio has a great collection of logo services that you might like to explore .
You could also take a look at the logo section on Envato Market .
The Obama administration , wading deeply into the U.S. auto industry , is weighing a fix for General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC that would divide their " good " and " bad " assets and send the auto makers into bankruptcy to purge their biggest problems .
The potential move would transform two companies that have helped define U.S. industrial power over the past century .
Following the ouster of GM Chief Executive Rick Wagoner , it would represent one of the biggest - ever government incursions into private enterprise .
And ...
Her bra was stuffed with just enough cash to absorb most of the impact , although she still had to be taken to hospital to have the bullet removed .
THE corporate regulator has widened a split between Australia 's banks and the rest of the finance sector after extending its ban on the short selling of financial stocks .
The ban 's detractors called on the Australian Securities and Investments Commission , headed by Tony D'Aloisio , to clarify what it has learnt since it imposed the ban six months ago , why it has decided to keep it , and what needs to happen for it to be lifted .
The regulator extended the ban yesterday to the end of May .
It was first imposed in September .
A ban on short selling companies with no links to the finance industry has already been lifted .
ASIC said it was pursuing a " cautious approach " amid " potential damage from aggressive or predatory practices " in volatile markets .
It had conducted " extensive research and analysis " before making its decision .
But the chief executive of the Investment and Financial Services Association , Richard Gilbert , drew attention to the vagueness of ASIC 's statement .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
CLASSROOM executioner Tim Kretschmer was a woman - hater who killed to take revenge on the whole female sex , a neighbour claimed last night .
Twelve of Kretschmer 's 15 victims were women .
Eight of the nine pupils he killed at his old school were girls and all three of the teachers he gunned down were female .
Locals in the sleepy German town of Winnenden said Kretschmer , 17 , could not relate to women and had never had a girlfriend .
And one former friend said the killer harboured an obsessive grudge against one of the women who taught him at the town 's Albertville technical school .
The source said : " He always complained about one of his teachers .
" He said that she bullied him and threatened him that if he continued as he was he would end up on the rubbish heap .
" He completely hated her , as he did all women in general . "
It 's not known whether the teacher was among Kretschmer 's victims .
The teenage misfit walked into the school in black combat gear and started shooting with his dad's 9 mm Beretta .
He walked coolly from classroom to classroom , reloading as he went , and returned to one room to ask the survivors : " Are n't you all dead yet ? "
Kretschmer fled after police stormed the building , stopping briefly to kill a gardener at a nearby psychiatric clinic where he used to be a patient .
Later , he hijacked a car and headed for the town of Wendlingen .
There , he shot dead a salesman and a customer at a car showroom before police finally cornered him in a car park .
After a marksman shot Kretschmer in the leg , he turned the Beretta on himself .
Two cops were seriously wounded in the final shootout .
Kretschmer was never happy at the Albertville school , where he graduated last year with mediocre grades .
He often moaned to acquaintances that the kids teased him and the teachers ignored him .
He spent hours in his bedroom , where 30 replica weapons hung on the walls , playing a " first - person shooter " video game called Counter Strike .
A friend said : " He was good . "
The police who searched Kretschmer 's computer found other violent games , Gothic horror films and a stash of pornography .
Kretschmer also enjoyed shooting people in real life .
He owned several " soft pellet " air pistols and had a habit of taking potshots with them at other boys .
A 19 - year - old neighbour said : " My parents know his parents and asked me to play with him because he had no friends .
" He always shot at us with the airsoft pistol .
He would n't stop .
It really hurt .
Because of that , we did n't want to play with him any more . "
After leaving school , Kretschmer went to college to study sales .
But his family knew he was having mental problems .
He was treated for depression last year and visited a psychiatrist five times .
The treatment was due to continue at another clinic but Kretschmer stopped showing up for his appointments .
A youngster who knew Kretschmer said he wrote a letter to his parents three weeks ago to tell them he " could n't go on " .
" He was teased by others , felt bullied , " the child said .
" He stored it all up . "
Police said Kretschmer had a crush on one local girl , but " it did n't work out " .
Kretschmer inherited his love of guns from his dad Joerg , a wealthy paper factory owner who kept a collection of weapons at home .
Most of the guns were locked away but Joerg kept the Beretta in his bedroom .
A young neighbour of Kretschmer said : " Tim wanted his father 's Beretta more than anything . "
Police said Joerg could be prosecuted for failing to keep the gun secure .
One senior officer said : " Everything here points to negligence of the father . "
Detectives were questioning Kretschmer 's mum , Ute , yesterday .
Joerg is a gun club member and Kretschmer often went to the club 's firing range for target practice .
Kretschmer fired the Beretta more than 60 times at the school , shooting all his victims in the head .
The first kids killed were still working at their desks when Kretschmer shot them down .
Police chief Ralf Michelfelder , who witnessed the aftermath of the massacre , said : " Children were sitting at their tables , with pencils still in their hands , their heads fallen over on the table . "
At least seven kids were wounded .
One of them , Patrick Schneider , 15 , told how Kretschmer walked into his German class at about 9.30 am .
He said : " He had a bulletproof vest on .
I thought it was a joke .
Then he opened fire .
" We flipped over the desks to duck behind for cover .
I saw that I was hit - in the back , in the arm and in the cheek .
" Suddenly he was gone and we barricaded the door , and then I saw my classmate Chantal .
She sat at the door , dead . "
Chantal Schill , 16 , was named yesterday as one of Kretschmer 's victims , along with Jana Schober , 14 , and a 16 - year - old named only as Steffi .
As Germany struggled to take in the scale of the massacre , some of the survivors went to the school to lay flowers .
The note on one bouquet asked simply : " Why . "
Flags are flying at half mast at all government buildings and the nation 's football stars will wear black armbands at the weekend 's Bundesliga matches .
Police said the death toll would have been far higher if the school 's head teacher had not used a coded warning to tell staff a gunman was on the loose .
The head broadcast a tannoy message : " Frau Koma is coming . " " Koma " is " amok " backwards .
The system was put in place after a school shooting in the town of Erfurt in 2002 , when an expelled 19 - year - old pupil murdered 16 people .
What sort of country sends a dozen uniformed officers to haul innocent sleeping children out of their beds ; gives them just a few minutes to pack what belongings they can grab ; pushes them into stinking caged vans ; drives them for hours while refusing them the chance to go to the lavatory so that they wet themselves and locks them up sometimes for weeks or months without the prospect of release and without adequate health services ?
My country , apparently .
Reading the report ( The Arrest and Detention of Children Subject to Immigration Control [ 2.4MB PDF ] ) from England 's Children 's Commissioner , Sir Al Aynsley - Green , into the treatment of children and young people at the Yarl 's Wood Immigration Removal Centre near Bedford will leave many feeling ashamed .
Of course , there are no easy answers as to how Britain ensures that foreigners do n't abuse our benevolence by claiming asylum without good reason .
But can this conundrum ever necessitate our treating children with such cruelty ?
Sir Al went into Yarl 's Wood almost a year ago and spoke to staff , families and children .
The centre is where many failed asylum - seekers are held before deportation .
Each year , around 2,000 children are locked up there .
The testimony from the youngsters who find themselves unwittingly ensnared at the sharp end of the immigration system tells a story more resonant of a totalitarian state than of contemporary Bedfordshire .
The arrest
According to the children 's accounts , some were still asleep when the arrest teams arrived - large numbers of uniformed officers who on occasion hammered on the door or even smashed it down and ran into their homes shouting .
One boy of 11 told the children 's commissioner :
" There was this woman , just shouting , shouting at my sister to get up .
She was in bed asleep and she 's only five so she was crying and the woman just kept shouting at her .
She did n't have to do that .
The search was bad .
Why did they have to search my sister ?
She is only five , what is she going to have ?
They touch you all over and they 're rough .
It 's rude . "
The report explains how some children described officers as taking pleasure in the family 's distress , including telling them that they were " going back to their own country " and laughing and making fun of them when they showed signs of distress or anxiety .
One child said that an officer had called his mother " stupid " and laughed at her crying and distress , while others were told that it was " tough " if they did n't like the officer 's attitude .
The children and young people revealed that some immigration officers had used force to control and restrain them - a finding that the children 's commissioner describes as " a significant cause for concern " .
Imagine what it must be like if you are a young child who has lived in the UK for many years , perhaps all your life , to be woken one morning and told you have just a few minutes to pack your stuff and get out .
That , apparently , was a common complaint of the children and families in Yarl 's Wood , a procedure that the report describes as " one of the most de- humanising aspects of the arrest process " .
Children were forced to leave behind their most treasured possessions such as shoes , school books , toys and music .
Many would never be reunited with their belongings .
A single woman told Sir Al that she had been handcuffed in front of her children , aged one and three , after " panicking " when she was told that she had only three minutes to pack .
Another family with two children suffering from sickle - cell anaemia was prevented from collecting antibiotics and folic acid needed by the children .
The UK Border Agency , which is responsible for the system , " accepts the need to do more work around the topic of belongings that are left behind " and is reviewing the use of force and guidance on medication .
The journey
According to Lin Homer , head of the UK Border Agency speaking on BBC Radio 4 Woman 's Hour last September : " we do not use caged vans , we use people carriers " .
The " Enforcement Instructions and Guidance " states :
" Families should not be transported in caged vans unless the risk assessment dictates otherwise . "
But that is not what the children said .
And when challenged , the agency admitted to the commissioner that " contractors do sometimes use caged vans during the ' second stage ' transport of families from the reporting centre to Yarl 's Wood " .
This is often the longer part of the journey , with children imprisoned in vehicles " stinking of urine " and " stained " with vomit .
No wonder some said that the journey made them feel like criminals or animals .
What 's more , many of the children complained about the lack of " comfort breaks " on the long journeys to detention .
This had led to " accidents " in some cases .
A chance to go to the lavatory was apparently denied " even when the vans stopped for petrol and , on at least two or three occasions , access to a toilet was denied throughout the whole journey despite urgent requests to stop . "
If a parent treated their children like this , they might well be charged with neglect .
Treatment at Yarl 's Wood
Unsurprisingly , children locked up in Yarl 's Wood described it as being " like a prison " .
Their emotional state was often fragile , their having been ripped from the life they had known with no idea what had happened to their belongings or the pets they have been forced to leave behind and without the chance to say goodbye to their friends .
" One child asked us what the time was .
When we replied with the time and the day he appeared sad and told us , " Oh , I thought it was a Saturday .
If it was a Saturday I would be swimming with my friends now . "
This picture , drawn by one young child and reproduced in the report , says that it is 0900 , " it 's a Sunday and I want to play football and I support Liverpool " .
The healthcare of the children at Yarl 's Wood was also found to be poor , in particular the need to ensure that youngsters are protected from disease when they are returned to their country of origin .
" Preventative healthcare arrangements prior to removal , for example immunisations and the provision of malaria prophylaxis , were found to be so inadequate as to endanger children 's health . "
Since the visit , the private contractor which runs Yarl 's Wood , Serco , has appointed a head of clinical governance and a paediatric nurse .
Sir
Al 's findings relate to a visit almost a year ago , a year in which the government has agreed to adopt fully the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child ( see previous post , UK to give up child rights opt- outs ) .
Article 37 of the convention states that the detention of a child " shall be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time " .
The children 's commissioner believes that this means that the government must put an end to the detention of children " for administrative purposes " .
He wants " an urgent review " of the system but accepts that nothing can happen immediately .
( You can listen here to Sir Al on this morning 's Today programme . )
The government , on the other hand , signed up to the convention confident that it would not prevent them arresting and detaining children of immigrants who were due for deportation .
While today 's report welcomes recent improvements and ongoing reviews into the way children are treated by the UK Border Agency , it is not easy to see how the Home Office is going to square its obligations under the convention with its determination to be " tough " on failed asylum seekers with children .
In the end , I suspect , lawyers will argue it out and a judge will decide .
UPDATE , 17:07 : Following this post , the Border and Immigration Minister Phil Woolas has commented :
From the ' things you see at Black Hat ' files :
People talk about all kinds of things at a Black Hat event , sometimes even unreleased commercial products .
Nearly a month ago , I was in a session at Black Hat DC where HP security researcher Prajakta Jagdale talked about the security risks associated with Flash .
Buried in that presentation was the discussion of a tool called SWFscan -- a new under development tool from HP that decompiles flash code and looks for vulnerabilities .
InternetNews.com has now learned that HP plans to officially announce a Flash security tool on March 23 .
In her Black Hat presentation , Jagdale gave an overview of SWFscan that showed some interesting capabilities .
Unfortunately , the Black Hat presentation link to Jagdale 's slides is no longer operational .
Fortunately for me ( and for you good readers ) I got a CD copy from the conference and I took decent notes while sitting in the presentation .
I ’m in San Francisco this week on a surprise trip to collect an award for a product I designed and built over a decade ago .
The fact the early work of FrontlineSMS is still being recognised twelve years on speaks volumes to the approach , and the impact it had – not only in the hands of users themselves , but also in the minds of others looking to apply technology for social good .
It struck a chord with an emerging narrative that said we should build appropriate tools that genuinely empowered the people closest to the problem , and that our job was , if anything , to build those tools , hand them over and then get the hell out of the way .
If you look at the tweets from the many ICT4D and social innovation conferences today , this remains an approach popular within our sector .
But while tweeting and speaking are one thing , doing is another .
Sure , for me this week should be about celebration , but I remain frustrated with a sector which claims to be hungry for learning , and hungry to scale ‘ what works ’ , yet very little of what made FrontlineSMS successful has been made use of in any meaningful way .
This is not just disappointing on a professional level , but a personal one , too .
Nothing quite matches the energy and excitement of grassroots organisations building out their own ideas and solutions off the back of a platform you ’ve created .
The idea that you might stop what you ’re doing and others will continue the work is something we should all aspire to .
In the global development sector we call this ‘ sustainability ’ .
Yet , how often do we see it ?
Nothing quite matches the organic growth that becomes possible when you build genuinely open , empowering platforms .
I ’m immensely proud of the way our users embraced it , and equally proud of the smart , young innovators such as Josh Nesbit and Ben Lyon who were drawn to our work , and whose early efforts with FrontlineSMS : Medic and FrontlineSMS : Credit lead to the creation of two incredibly exciting and innovative organisations in Medic Mobile and Kopo Kopo .
Kevin Starr once told me that he was fascinated by how FrontlineSMS had become an incubator for so many other ideas and initiatives .
Sadly I ’m not sure what I can point to today that does anywhere near the same thing .
While we were clearly doing something right , funding remained a constant struggle , and the lessons we were learning and sharing were falling on deaf ears .
Only two studies of note examined the impact and approach of FrontlineSMS – a paper by Medic Mobile , and a brilliant chapter in Bits and Atoms written by Sharath Srinivasan .
For a project which had such a high profile , and one that powered grassroots interventions in over 170 countries , the lack of interest in trying to understand what truly made it succeed is a huge disappointment .
After all , as a sector we ’re hardly blessed with success stories of initiatives that scale .
From what I can tell , the sector is just too busy chasing the next big thing at the expense of existing opportunities right under its nose .
When I look around today , I still see tools being built far away from the problem with little understanding of the users or their context ( except for the odd trip some projects take so they can tick the ‘ HCD ’ box ) .
Challenges and competitions are the new big thing , with entries voted up or down like a beauty competition by others with little idea of the problem or those effected by it .
You do n’t stop someone on the street and ask for medical advice , so why do the same with an idea to solve a medical problem in a developing country ?
I recently wrote about the madness of innovation challenges here .
So , as I attend the awards ceremony this coming weekend I ’ll quietly thank all those unsung heroes who helped turn FrontlineSMS into the breakthrough story that it first became all those years ago .
And I ’ll continue to hope that we can be brave enough as a community to work through many of the problems hindering our ability to build yet more tools that genuinely put the power to change in the hands of those who need it most .
Unfortunately , experience tells me to not hold out too much hope .
( Recent Entries ) ( Archive ) ( Friends ) ( Profile ) ( Crisper Than Thou )
12:55 am - Signpost Says : " Welcome to the 21st Century "
I am going to assume that you have n't been encased in a solid block of ice for the last year and have therefore heard that there is a pretty significant global economic crisis in full swing at the moment .
And probably for a great many future moments as well .
If you 've been reading up on the whole mess instead of hiding your face from the news in shock and horror - and I 'm not judging you if you 've taken the latter route because frankly I do n't think it 's any less valid a response - you may have also heard about Iceland and how it 's sort of turned out to be a poster child for the whole financial catastrophe .
You may have read somewhere that the country more or less reinvented itself a few years ago as an investment banking juggernaut ; unrestrained by rules and regulations and economic theories of history , they were the shining example of just how fast and far the Totally Free Market could take people who were ambitious , smart , and unafraid of risk .
You may have known that Icelanders were making themselves insanely wealthy engaging in a sort of spiraling money - speculation trade involving their own currency , the ISK ( Icelandic króna ) , and foreign currencies .
If so , you are probably also aware that on the 10th of October last year , the ISK collapsed so completely ( as the last of the Icelandic banks was put under government control ) that it was suspended from world currency trade and effectively ceased to be recognized as valid money anymore .
The country now owes something like nine times as much money as it - the whole population and government and all the nation 's resources - are capable of producing , and it has nothing to pay that debt with except fish .
Unless you are a computer nerd type , you may not have heard of a thing called EVE Online .
It is , to be perfectly blunt , an internet spaceship game .
You have a spaceship .
You fight other people 's spaceships and take their stuff .
You team up with other players so that you can all beat up other people 's spaceships more effectively and take more stuff .
Or you can try to legitimately accumulate valuable resources and sell them for a profit in other parts of the universe that need them ... so long as nobody comes along and beats you up and takes your stuff .
In most of the game 's universe , the only laws are those that the players make and enforce for themselves and each other .
There is nothing preventing a very powerful group of players with very powerful spaceships from taking and controlling the entire supply of a vital in - game resource and driving its price into the ceiling ( or the floor ) except other players .
It is the ultimate expression of the Totally Free Market as a computer game .
It probably wo n't surprise you to learn , at this point , that the software company that developed EVE Online is Icelandic .
That company , CCP hf , continues to draw in revenue of several tens of millions of dollars annually from a subscriber base that is almost entirely outside of Iceland .
Which means they are paying to play the game in almost any and every currency on the planet that is not the ISK .
It would not surprise me if CCP hf , at this point , is the single largest influx of actual hard , usable currency into the Icelandic economy .
EVE
Online has its own in - game currency .
Virtually all such games do .
And with in - game currency comes real - world speculation - because if there 's one thing every multiplayer internet game develops , it 's a market in which people with real - world money can acquire whatever they want in the game by simply paying someone else for it .
Warcraft has " gold farmers " , players who play the game for no other reason than to amass wealth that is then sold in huge batches for cash through eBay - like channels .
It 's their job - quite literally in many cases , especially in China , where entire facilities are staffed around the clock with game - players who play all day and all night to earn the rare items and mountains of money , so that their boss can then sell it all to Westerners who just want to win without actually playing first .
The in - game currency of EVE Online is the ISK .
That 's right , the Icelandic króna .
And where most multiplayer games have attempted to ban the translation of in - game assets to and from real - world money , EVE Online has not only permitted it but actively embraced it - so much so that daily speculation on world / game financial leverage is conducted openly on the official game web boards .
As a result , the EVE Online ISK has remained fairly stable against virtually all the real currencies of the world for a few years now , fluctuating but not spiking , not crashing .
There are people out there making an income , a real - life income , just handling the trades on the " floor " .
All of which is to say : Iceland has collapsed so thoroughly that at this point , its only economically viable export may very well be an internet spaceship game , and that internet spaceship game 's króna is for all intents and purposes a more real and valid and valuable currency than the actual country 's actual money .
------
For consideration :
You may have also heard of Second Life , a multiplayer game that lets people turn themselves into a six - breasted moose and build their own private dungeon where hairy flying penises shoot fire at them all day and all night .
Second Life 's in - game currency is , of course , the dollar .
In the third of his special reports looking at the current state of the US economy beyond Wall Street , BBC correspondent Matthew Price reports how education may be the key to reviving Detroit .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
It was another normal day in one of the most economically deprived cities in the United States .
Mearon Lewers asked one of her pupils why he had not done his homework .
BBC correspondent Matthew Price is travelling across the US , reporting from a new city every day , to assess the state of the economy as President Obama approaches 100 days in office .
See the Beyond Wall Street route here .
Enlarge Map
" I was fussing at him and he said , ' Mrs Lewers , I could n't do my homework because we do n't have any lights and it was dark in the house ' , " Mrs Lewers recalls .
" I was crushed . "
This is just one story in a city where poverty and economic decline are rampant .
" We 're mum , dad , doctor .
We 're social workers , psychologists , " says Mrs Lewers , who teaches at Joyce Elementary Public School in Detroit .
" We have to know when there 's a communicable disease . "
Teachers pay Teachers are trying to fill in the gaps in Detroit , even the budget gaps .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Outside Derrick Holland 's classroom is a sign stating that education is a " priority " .
Once inside he switches on the four computers the class has .
The start of another day teaching fifth graders , aged nine and 10 .
Mr Holland hopes to be able to buy " some pens , pencils , chalk , sometimes a different type of computer program " , for the class .
" Most of the things that I can use to supplement whatever the curriculum is .
The teachers have to dig into their pockets . " he says with a shrug .
Closing schools
The old wooden floors at Joyce Elementary Public School are gleaming ; a result of layers of varnish applied during its 80 years ' history .
Light blue metal lockers line the corridors .
You can almost hear the decades of education echoing down the hallways .
This year , though , will most likely be Joyce Elementary 's last .
It is one of 23 public schools to be closed .
Another 30 to 40 will be shut after next year .
600 teachers are likely to lose their jobs .
Out of a total 194 public schools in the city , about a quarter will be lost .
The city 's public school system is $ 306 m ( £ 210 ) in debt .
Dwindling population Detroit Public Schools is to close 23 schools and lay off 600 teachers .
Detroit 's problem is rooted in the transformation that the US economy is undergoing .
Old manufacturing regions such as this have been declining for some time .
There is a budget crisis .
Rising unemployment and population loss have reduced the amount of tax revenue coming in .
Vehicle sales are falling in an area whose economy is dominated by the so - called " Big Three " car manufacturers .
House prices have been tumbling .
In Detroit , the population too has been falling for years .
In the middle of the last century almost two million people lived in the city .
Today it is less than a million , as people have moved out to the suburbs .
Detroit 's challenge is to manage the loss of people , jobs and revenue , without allowing the city to fall further into despair .
It is a tough job .
Valuable education
The fabulous art - deco Fisher Building in downtown Detroit was built in richer times .
The high vaulted ceilings make the foyer feel like a cathedral .
The brass in the elevator gleams during a ride to the 14th floor , where Robert C. Bobb , the Emergency Financial Manager for Detroit Public Schools , can be found .
Mr Bobb was recently appointed to find a way out of the financial mess .
It is his plan to slim down a school system that was built for a population twice the size .
His bigger plan is to use education to re-launch this city 's economy .
" What children are being taught today may not be giving them the kind of skills that they require to compete in the global and worldwide economy , " he says .
That means , he says , " a large focus on world languages and world history .
It means a much greater focus on technology " .
How , though , to make up the huge debt the system faces ?
That is where President Barack Obama 's stimulus spending plan comes in .
Many of the billions of dollars that have been appropriated to kick - start the US economy will be spent on infrastructure projects .
Mr Bobb wants to spend some $ 200 m of Michigan 's share on education .
" We want to use the public school system as an important vehicle to improve the quality of life , " he says .
Education is key Down the road , as Detroit basks in the spring sunshine , Don Witt is driving his clean black and white taxi , a Ford Crown Victoria .
The only blemish ; a small cigarette burn on the back seat .
Mr
Witt is a softly spoken man who was born in this city in 1937 when the Fisher Building was less than a decade old .
As Mr Witt grew up , so did Detroit .
The car industry boomed .
No one had to worry about a job .
Now people have to worry about everything .
Mr Witt 's eyes are sunken , and a little sad as he speaks of the city he loves , which has changed so much .
" In 1955 - I know this for a fact - 95 % of all young black males had a high - school education .
We 'd better go to school [ or ] our mothers would kill us . "
And now ?
" They come home and tell a lie on the teachers , the parents go up the teachers and beat them up .
Education now , it 's bad . "
As he drives , Mr Witt says he believes education is the key to rebuilding this city .
The teachers and the administrators would not disagree .
How have you been affected by the recession in the US ?
Send us your stories and experiences using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please note that I do not allow anonymous comments unless you inform me who you are .
I am continuing to allow you to choose the option of anonymous or " Name / URL " so my family and friends with no log - in can leave me comments .
If you choose not to be known to the public when you leave a comment , that is fine , but if you do n't email me or let me know it was you , it will not be posted .
Parliamentarian Shukria Barakzai says she has an innovative amendment to Washington 's planned injection of up to 30,000 new troops here .
" Send us 30,000 scholars instead .
Or 30,000 engineers .
But do n't send more troops – it will just bring more violence . "
Ms. Barakzai is among the growing number of Afghans – especially in the Pashtun south – who oppose a troop increase here , posing what could be the biggest challenge to the Obama administration 's stabilization strategy .
" At least half the country is deeply suspicious of the new troops , " says Kabul - based political analyst Waheed Muzjda .
" The US will have to wage an intense hearts - and - minds campaign to turn this situation around . "
The lack of public support could provide fertile recruiting ground for the Taliban and hinder US operations , Mr. Muzjda says .
After a year that saw the highest number of civilian and troop casualties since the war began in 2001 , officials in Washington recently pledged to send 17,000 soldiers to stem the growing violence .
The move has broad support among the American public – a recent ABC News / Washington Post poll found that 64 percent back the new deployments .
Much of the Afghan opposition comes from provinces dominated by the Pashtun ethnic group , which include areas that have seen the most fighting and where the new troops will be deployed .
A group of 50 mostly Pashtun members of parliament recently formed a working group aimed at blocking the arrival of new troops and pushing for a bilateral military agreement between Kabul and Washington , which currently does not exist .
Pashtun support is crucial
Although any proposed legislation or motion condemning the troop increase would be purely symbolic – the Afghan government does not have direct say over the operations of Western forces – observers say that the development is an important gauge of public opinion in Pashtun areas .
Dozens of interviews with tribal elders , parliamentarians who are not part of the working group , and locals in Pashtun areas have revealed similar sentiments .
" I can't find a single man in the entire province who is in favor of more troops , " says Awal Khan , a tribal leader from Logar province , just south of Kabul .
" They do n't respect our tradition , culture , or religion . "
" The majority of my people disagree with this increase , " says Hanif Shah Hosseini , an MP from Khost province who is not part of the working group .
" More troops wo n't bring more security , just an increase in the fighting . "
US supporters targeted
Many cite civilian casualties and house raids as the main reason for their opposition .
Recently in Logar , armed locals blocked the highway into Kabul for hours , in protest of a night raid where US forces killed one and detained three others .
According to local reports , the nearly 2,000 protestors burned tires and chanted anti-US slogans .
In Kandahar Province , villagers recently placed the bodies of two children who were killed by mines in front a government office , shouting anti-Western slogans .
They alleged that unexploded Canadian ordnance killed the children .
Many locals also fear the reprisals of the Taliban in areas where troops operate .
Recently in Wardak Province , locals saw two boys practicing their fledgling English with American soldiers who were passing by .
The Taliban later executed the children , accusing them of being spies .
Some feel that the US should focus its efforts solely on reconstruction and the building of Afghan security forces .
" The Americans spend thousands of dollars every month on a single soldier , " says Khost MP Mr. Hosseini .
" With this huge amount of money , they can train our soldiers more effectively . "
Others say that if the troops must come , they should coordinate with the Afghan government .
" Without such coordination , I do n't think sending more troops will change anything , " says Kandahar tribal leader Agha Lalai Dastageri .
He adds that if troops were under the control of the Afghan government , they would be deployed near the Pakistani border and away from populated areas , diminishing the chance of civilian casualties .
Many
Afghans believe that the source of insecurity partly lies in Pakistan , where the leadership of the insurgency allegedly takes refuge , and that policing the border will improve security throughout Afghanistan .
American military officials say that although the goal is to eventually transfer all security responsibilities to Afghans , troops are still needed now for development and security .
" Our intent is to use the troops to secure rural areas , " says Capt .
Elizabeth Mathias , spokeswoman for US forces in Afghanistan .
" The Afghans are showing great promise , but they need us here for now . "
Snowmelt ups urgency
The injection of forces still enjoys support outside the Pashtun belt .
Other ethnic groups , such as the Tajiks and the Hezaras , who predominantly hail from the country 's relatively peaceful north and west , back the notion .
" We need these troops to strengthen security in the unstable provinces , " says Mirwais Yassini , chair of the Afghan Parliament and a Tajik .
" We also need them [ to provide security ] for the upcoming presidential elections . "
Support for more troops is higher in the non-Pashtun areas because residents there have experienced less violence , and because they may view US forces as a buffer between them and the Taliban , analysts say .
The memory of the Taliban 's harsh rule is still fresh in many non-Pashtun communities , who suffered greatly during that time .
But winning support in the rural Pashtun villages , where the war is being fought , is crucial for the plan , analysts say .
Development will be a key component to this war .
Military planners intend to continue focusing on projects meant to boost economic activity , which they say will show locals the benefits of US presence in the region .
" A couple of months ago Arghasan district in Kandahar was controlled by insurgents , " says Kandahar provincial council member Hajji Qasim .
" But ever since USAID started a road project there , the economic situation improved and the insurgency lost influence . "
Military officials say that such development projects can only succeed if they are accompanied by a corresponding troop increase , since insurgents often attack reconstruction teams .
Officials in Washington and Pashtun villagers agree on one thing :
They expect the violence to increase this summer as the new forces attempt to root out insurgent strongholds .
" I know once the snows melt , things will start to get much worse , " Logar resident Nasar Ahmad says .
" The fighting will be intense , and a lot of us villagers are talking about fleeing to Kabul . "
" We are worried our families will be caught in the middle , " he adds .
Posted 17 April 2009 - 10:04 PM
007 Quantum of Solace
Alone in the Dark
Blitz 2
Bolt
Bourne Conspiracy
C&C 3 : Kanes Wrath
C&C : Red Alert 3
Clive Barkers Jericho
Condemned 2
Devil May Cry 4
Enemy Territory Quake Wars
Fracture
Golden Compass
Hellboy
Infinite Undiscovery
NBA Ballers Chosen One
NFL Head Coach 09
NFL Tour
NHL 2k9
Operation Darkness
Pure
Ratatouie
Rock Revolution
Silent Hill : Homecoming
Solder of Fortune 3
Soul Calibur 4
Spiderwick Chronicles
TNA Impact
Too Human
Turning Point
Turok
Universe at War
Unreal Tournament 3
Wall -
E
Warhammer Battle March
WWE 2008
007 : Quantum of Solace
Blitz 2
Bolt
Bourne Conspiracy
Cliver Barker 's Jericho
Disney Sing
It w/ Mic
Enemy Territory : Quake Wars
Ferrari Challenge
Fracture
Guitar Hero 3
Guitar Hero Aerosmith
Hail to the Chimp
Lost Planet : Extreme Conditions
MLB 08 : The Show
NBA Ballers Chosen One
NFL Head Coach
NFL Tour
Overlord : Raising Hell
Pure
Rock Band
Rock Revolution
Singstar ABBA
Singstar Vol 2
Soul Calibur 4
TNA Impact
Battle Of The Bands
Naked Brothers Band W / Microphone
Petz Crazy Monkeyz
Popstar Guitar
Rubiks World
Samba De Amigo
Tales Of Desperaux
The Mummy : Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor
Cheetah Girls : Passport
Disney : Cory in the House
Energy Dance Squad
Engergy Gym rockets
Igor
Imagine Ballet Star
Imagine Movie Star
Imagine Rock Star
Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon
My Fashion Studio
Naked Bros Band
Neopets
Ninja Gaiden : DS
Ninja Reflex
Petz Rescue Endangered
Prince of Persia
Quantum of Solace
Rock Revolution
Tales of Desperaux
Tecmo Bowl
Ultimate Band
WWE 2009 Smack
Dancing with the Stars
Disney 's High School Muiscal
( It ends there , so I 'm not sure if it's 2 or what )
Disney Sing
It w/ Microphones
High School Musical 3
( Two versions are listed ? ? )
Monster Lab
Naked Brothers Band w/ microphone
Shrek 's Carnival Craze
Singstar Country Bundle
The Golden Compass
The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor
Think Fast with controllers
Post trade requests in here :
http://www.cheapassg...ad.php?t=222404
Starting 4/26
The actual date to start to sticker is 4/19 but the sale is 4/26 .
AGAIN THIS STARTS 4/26 !!
For those looking to get rainchecks :
Ive looked into the stock and the BB 's around all have none of these games coming in any time soon .
You might be able to get a raincheck but the chance of seeing the title again in a BB might be very slim .
You can ask your local BB employee to see if any are coming in this week / month / etc ... but I would recommend doing this before you get a raincheck .
Click the console links to see what 's in - stock online or click the Show List buttons to see all the games eligible in - store .
BB has marked down tons of titles at 9.99 $ .
This list includes over 50 titles for 360 , PS3 , Wii , and DS .
Stock is YMMV but the list is the same throughout all BB .
Its Best Buy , my details are scarce with this .
They did not give me much info but its not YMMV as it was said throughout the company .
Edit : Removed Starting , my resource said all titles at 10 $ .
Edit 2 : I have no word that they are at risk stock but i assume they will be so they wish to get rid of them at said price .
I do work for themEdit 3 : Ok I have more information for everyone .
Below will be the actual list i have pulled and many stores may have started placing stickers on the games ( look for a Best Buy logo sticker on the game ) .
PS3:007 : Quantum of SolaceBlitz 2BoltBourne ConspiracyCliver Barker 's JerichoDisney Sing It w/ MicEnemy Territory : Quake WarsFerrari ChallengeFractureGuitar Hero 3 Guitar Hero AerosmithHail to the ChimpLost Planet : Extreme ConditionsMLB
08 : The ShowNBA Ballers Chosen OneNFL Head CoachNFL TourOverlord : Raising HellPureRock BandRock RevolutionSingstar ABBASingstar Vol 2Soul Calibur 4TNA Impact360:007 Quantum of SolaceAlone in the DarkBlitz 2BoltBourne ConspiracyC&C 3 : Kanes WrathC&C : Red Alert 3 Clive Barkers JerichoCondemned 2 Devil May Cry 4 Enemy Territory Quake WarsFractureGolden CompassHellboyInfinite UndiscoveryNBA Ballers Chosen OneNFL Head Coach 09NFL TourNHL 2k9Operation DarknessPureRatatouieRock RevolutionSilent Hill : HomecomingSolder of Fortune 3Soul Calibur 4Spiderwick ChroniclesTNA ImpactToo HumanTurning PointTurokUniverse at WarUnreal Tournament 3 Wall - EWarhammer Battle MarchWWE 2008 Wii:BATTLE
OF THE BANDSNAKED BROTHERS BAND W/MICRPETZ CRAZY MONKEYZPopstar GuitarRUBIKS WORLDSAMBA
DE AMIGOTALES OF DESPERAUXTHE MUMMY : TOMB OF THE DRAGON EMPERORPS2 : BoltDancing with the StarsDisney 's High School Muiscal ( It ends there , so I 'm not sure if it's 2 or what ) Disney Sing It w/ MicrophonesHigh School Musical 3 ( Two versions are listed ?? )
Monster LabNaked Brothers Band w/microphoneShrek's Carnival CrazeSingstar Country BundleThe Golden CompassThe Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon EmperorThink Fast with controllersDS : Cheetah Girls : PassportDisney : Cory in the HouseEnergy Dance SquadEngergy Gym rocketsIgorImagine Ballet StarImagine Movie StarImagine Rock StarMummy : Tomb of the DragonMy Fashion StudioNaked Bros BandNeopetsNinja Gaiden : DSNinja ReflexPetz Rescue Endangered Prince of PersiaQuantum of SolaceRock RevolutionTales of DesperauxTecmo BowlUltimate BandWWE 2009 Smack
Edited by Guidrage , 26 April 2009 - 08:53 PM .
The international criminal court is considering whether the Palestinian Authority is " enough like a state " for it to bring a case alleging that Israeli troops committed war crimes in the recent assault on Gaza .
The deliberations would potentially open the way to putting Israeli military commanders in the dock at The Hague over the campaign , which claimed more than 1,300 lives , and set an important precedent for the court over what cases it can hear .
As part of the process the court 's head of jurisdictions , part of the office of the prosecutor , is examining every international agreement signed by the PA to decide whether it behaves - and is regarded by others - as operating like a state .
Following talks with the Arab League 's head , Amr Moussa , and senior PA officials , moves have accelerated inside the court to deliver a ruling on whether it may be able to insist on jurisdiction over alleged war crimes perpetrated in Gaza , with a decision from the prosecutor 's office expected within " months , not years " .
The issue arises because although the ICC potentially has " global jurisdiction " to investigate crimes which fall into its remit no matter where they were committed , Israel - despite having signed the Rome statute that founded the court and having expressed " deep sympathy " with the court 's goals - is not a party .
The ICC , which has 108 member states , has not so far recognised Palestine as a sovereign state or as a member .
The latest moves in The Hague come amid mounting international pressure on Israel and a growing recognition in Israeli government circles that it may eventually have to defend itself against war crimes allegations .
The Guardian has also learned that a confidential inquiry by the International Committee of the Red Cross into the actions of Israel and Hamas during the recent conflict in Gaza is expected to accuse Israel of using " excessive force " - prohibited under the fourth Geneva convention .
The Red Cross has been collecting information for two parallel inquiries , one into the conduct of Israel and a second into Hamas , both of which will be presented in private to the parties involved .
In the case of Israel , the Red Cross is expected to highlight three areas of concern : the Israeli Defence Forces ' " use and choice of weapons in a complex and densely populated environment " ; the issue of " proportionality " ; and concerns over the IDF 's lack of distinction between combatants and non-combatants during Operation Cast Lead .
Hamas is likely to be challenged over its use of civilian facilities as cover for its fighters ; its summary executions and kneecappings of Palestinians during the campaign ; and its indiscriminate firing of rockets into civilian areas .
Meanwhile , sources at the ICC say it is considering two potential tracks that would permit it to investigate what happened in Gaza .
As well as determining whether the PA is recognised internationally as a sufficiently state - like entity , the head of jurisdictions in the office of the international criminal court 's prosecutor , Luis Moreno - Ocampo , is looking at whether the court can consider war crimes allegations on the basis of the dual nationality of either victims or alleged perpetrators whose second passport is with a country party to the court .
The court 's deliberations follow more than 220 complaints about Israel 's actions in Gaza .
" It does not matter necessarily whether the Palestinian National Authority is in charge of its own borders , " said a source at the court .
" Right now the court is looking at everything from agreements it has signed on education to the constitution of its legal system . "
Yesterday , Ehud Olmert , Israel 's prime minister , warned Palestinian militants their continuing rocket attacks on Israel would not go unpunished .
He said further strikes would " be answered with a painful , harsh , strong and uncompromising response from the security forces " .
More than 100 rockets and mortars have exploded in Israel in the six weeks since it ended its air and ground assault on Gaza , to which the government has responded with airstrikes .
Olmert 's warning came as Israel 's attorney general notified the prime minister that he was considering indicting him on charges of allegedly taking cash - stuffed envelopes from a Jewish - American businessman .
Five corruption cases are pending against Olmert , although he has denied all wrongdoing .
His spokesman said yesterday the charges against the prime minister would " disappear in the end " .
I would love that , if the bands were all original and not just Nirvana copies .
But to be honest , i'm not sure grunge would make a comeback with great bands like the first time round .
MQ : In Utero , it 's amazing and my favorite album ever
Rachel Maddow interviews Dennis Herrera after today ’s hearing to determine the fate of Proposition 8 .
Post by ILO on 03/05/09 at 10:02 pm
J.J. Abrams must have some sort of geographical boner for places that start with “ AUS , ” because he debuted “ Star Trek ” in AUStralia a month before it ’s US release ( complete with a Wonkaesque Golden Ticket contest ) and held a sneak preview in AUStin , TX .
The Austin this was actually really cool .
The fans thought they were showing up for “ Wrath of Kahn ” and a 10 minute sneak preview of “ Star Trek . ”
Instead “ the film broke ” and Leonard Nimoy came out , bitched about the technical snafu then they showed the new film in its entirety .
Harry Knowles was there and you can read his account HERE .
You might want to bring a book because his review is LONG .
I love what he does for the geek community in general but that dude can’t write a review without retelling his entire life .
He ’s kind of like a fatter , red - headed Dewey Cox that way .
I suppose if I get desperate I can travel down I - 35 , find one of the lucky Austinites , then tie them up in a mini storage unit and mind meld with him to get a taste of the movie .
That kind of shit happens in Austin all the time .
Also weed .
Weed happens in Austin all the time .
I had a really hard time writing this comic , so I thought I would throw in some extra art juice to even it out .
I felt like I ’d already done a vegemite joke , but I could n’t find it in the archives .
Maybe it was a comment from a while back .
I was also pretty sure I ’d done a “ The Core ” joke before but then I realized the joke was on me … because I had seen “ The Core . ”
Today , I was getting it on with my cute guy friend in his candlelit bedroom and we had just started tearing each other 's clothes off .
I decided to be coy and sexy and flip my hair to the side .
As I did so , my long hair caught in the flames of his lit candles and caught half of my head on fire .
FML
Microsoft has released pictures of the Exclusive Red Xbox 360 Resident Evil Limited Edition Console , which was confirmed earlier tonight and mentioned officially by Microsoft earlier this month .
Advertisement
The Xbox 360 Elite console is bundled with a red wireless controller , black Xbox 360 headset , 120GB hard drive , via-LIVE - downloadable - Resident - Evil - theme , Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix and a copy of Resident Evil 5 .
All this is priced at US$ 399 .
Oh go on , we will only alert you when we have new reviews for you to review , now that ’s a lot more reviews in one sentence , probably more than the number of reviews you will get sent to your inbox !
We go with quality over quantity .
Pierre Goldman
Dot Com is behind this site if you are looking to build a site get in touch with them .
Like this one that they built for Online grocery shopping .
It was n’t all that long ago that the guys from Hyperkin released the FC Mobile , a portable gaming system that could play original cartridges from your old NES console .
Now , they ’re getting set to release an update to the system that makes it just that much more compelling .
The FC Mobile II improves upon the original FC Mobile by bundling a pair of wireless joypads and a wireless light gun so you can use it as both a handheld and a full - fledged Nintendo Entertainment System ( clone ) that you can hook up to your television and even play two - player games on .
And of course , you ’ll finally be able to play Duck Hunt the way it was meant to be played .
In addition to the wireless controllers , the FC Mobile II will get a design upgrade that makes the system a little less like a bubbly Sega Game Gear , and a little more in line with the classic NES aesthetic .
Sure , there are plenty of cheap - o emulator systems out there that can run bootlegged ROM files , but the FC series is your best bet if you happen to have a stack of legit 8 - bit carts lying around , or frequently troll the flea markets looking for elusive golden Nintendo World Championship cartridges .
Or maybe you just like your games to be bigger than your consoles .
Hyperkin expects to start shipping the FC Mobile II in early May , and you can pre-order one now over on eBay for around $ 60 USD .
How the IMF helped create
and worsen the Asian financial crisis
The late 1990s Asian meltdown was caused in large part by South Korea , Thailand , the Philippines , Malaysia and Indonesia 's heavy reliance on short - term foreign loans and openness to hot money -- a reliance that came from following advice proferred by the U.S. Treasury Department , the IMF and other international sources of " expertise . "
When it became apparent in 1997 that private enterprises in those nations would not be able to meet their payment obligations , international currency markets panicked .
Currency traders sought to convert their Asian money into dollars , and the Asian currencies plummeted .
That made it harder for the Asian countries to pay their loans , and it made imports suddenly very expensive .
There were other underlying causes for the financial crisis , including overinvestment in real estate and other speculative and unnecessary ventures , but almost everyone agrees the currency crash and financial disaster were vastly disproportionate to the weaknesses in the Asian economies .
Having contributed in important ways to the development of the crisis , the IMF proceeded to make it worse .
The IMF treated the Asian financial crisis like other situations where countries could not meet their balance of payment obligations .
The Fund made loan arrangements to enable countries to meet foreign debt payments ( largely to private banks in these cases ) on the condition that the recipient countries adopt structural adjustment policies .
But the Asian crisis differed from the normal situation of countries with difficulties paying off foreign loans .
For example , the Asian governments were generally not running budget deficits .
Yet the Fund instructed them to cut spending -- a recessionary policy that deepened the economic slowdown .
As former World Bank Chief Economist Joseph Stiglitz explains in a New Republic article , " I thought this was a mistake .
For one thing , unlike the Latin American nations , the East Asian countries were already running budget surpluses .
In Thailand , the government was running such large surpluses that it was actually starving the economy of much - needed investments in education and infrastructure , both essential to economic growth .
And the East Asian nations already had tight monetary policies , as well : inflation was low and falling .
( In South Korea , for example , inflation stood at a very respectable four percent . )
The problem was not imprudent government , as in Latin America ; the problem was an imprudent private sector -- all those bankers and borrowers , for instance , who 'd gambled on the real estate bubble . '
The Fund also failed to manage an orderly roll over of short - term loans to long - term loans , which was most needed ; and it forced governments , including in South Korea and Indonesia to guarantee private debts owed to foreign creditors .
In retrospect , even the IMF would admit that it made things worse in Asia .
Malaysia stood out as a country that refused IMF assistance and advice .
Instead of further opening its economy , Malaysia imposed capital controls , in an effort to eliminate speculative trading in its currency .
While the IMF mocked this approach when adopted , the Fund later admitted that it succeeded .
Malaysia generally suffered less severe economic problems than the other countries embroiled in the Asian financial crisis .
The result of the Fund 's bungling has been intensified and needless human
suffering .
In South Korea , a country whose income approaches European levels , unemployment skyrocketed from approximately 3 percent to 10 percent .
" IMF suicides " became common among workers who lost their jobs and dignity .
In Indonesia , the worst hit country , poverty rates rose from an official level of 11 percent before the crisis to 40 to 60 percent in varying estimates .
GDP declined by 15 percent in one year .
In September 1998 , UNICEF reported that more than half the children under two years old in Java , Indonesia 's most populous island , were suffering from malnutrition .
At one point , the food shortage became so severe that then - President B.J. Habibie implored citizens to fast twice a week .
Many had no choice .
Perhaps the most memorable slogan to emerge from the 2008 presidential campaign was the inspiring phrase , “ Yes We Can . ”
This utterance alone embodied the inspirational spirit of a new and hopeful political age .
However , as Barack Obama himself admits ( albeit belatedly ) , the mantra was coined over forty years ago in the hot and dusty agricultural fields of California ’s central valley by a Mexican - American man , obscure , but nonetheless determined to transform history : Cesar Chavez .
Do an online search for Cesar Chavez and you have to drill down quite a bit before you get to any information at all about the religious dimension of Chavez ’s life and work .
It is an odd omission , but while Chavez may have been a revolutionary , he was no materialist .
Chavez first captivated global attention on Valentine ’s Day in 1968 when ( taking his cue from Gandhi ) he began his famous “ love fast , ” abstaining from solid food for 25 days .
The expressed reason was to re-commit his movement , La Causa , or simply “ The Cause , ” to the religious practice of nonviolence .
The result was to launch his effort to organize a farm workers union into a national crusade for social justice .
Upon breaking the fast , Chavez received a telegram from Martin Luther King Jr. declaring that his and Chavez ’s movement were actually one — the struggle for human equality .
On July 4 , 1969 , Chavez ’s bronze face and dark eyes adorned the cover of Time .
The accompanying story dubbed him the “ earthy ” and “ mystical ” leader of the new American left — comparing him to the late Dr. Martin Luther King .
Chavez is mostly remembered as a Latino hero , community organizer , and labor leader , yet he galvanized passionate support — across the United States and around the globe .
At his funeral , politicians , celebrities , and religious leaders including Los Angeles Cardinal Roger Mahoney joined a chorus of voices who , like many before , declared him the “ Latino Gandhi . ”
These apt comparisons ring true historically , for Chavez looked to both Gandhi and King in his spiritual organization of the hearts and minds of Americans .
Like Gandhi and King , Chavez ’s appeal was largely moral , ethical , and religious .
He began his work in the early 1950s , focusing on community improvement , working with Saul Alinsky ’s Community Service Organization .
In San Jose , he registered voters to influence local and national politics — adding 300,000 Latino Democrats to the California voting rolls , and providing the edge for John Kennedy in 1960 .
In 1962 , Chavez struck out with Dolores Huerta to form a union despite over one hundred years of attempts thwarted by the powerful agribusiness industry , the biggest source of revenue in California .
In 1965 , Chavez called a general agricultural labor strike that stretched over five years .
Chavez and Huerta ’s fledgling United Farm Workers ( UFW ) was dwarfed by the Goliath of the California Grower ’s lobby .
Still , Chavez never lost faith and , yes he did indeed form a successful union .
His movement was a Latino mirror image of King ’s Southern Christian Leadership Conference .
But while King was based in the black church , Chavez ’s movement was adorned with the religious rites and symbols of Mexican culture .
Chavez ’s marches were deemed “ Peregrinations ” or pilgrimages — including his most famous , a march that crossed California and arrived at the steps of the Capital in Sacramento on Easter Sunday , culminating in an interfaith ceremony with more than 10,000 celebrants .
Chavez ’s religiosity was always broadly cast , involving rabbis , Catholic priests and nuns , mainline Protestant ministers , and Pentecostal preachers .
He wanted to create mass appeal ; La Causa was in a very real sense a broadly religious movement that pivoted on the faithful declaration “ Yes We Can ! / Si Se Puede . ”
In the tradition of Gandhi and King , Chavez appealed to the better angels of Americans , to a nonviolent , compassionate spirit .
Like King , Chavez ’s work held Americans accountable for beliefs they already professed .
He capitalized on the knowledge that Americanism requires a faith all its own , what Jean - Jacques Rousseau named “ civil religion , ” defined as “ a spiritual dimension ” of the republican state .
Chavez , while no less human than the rest of us , possessed a prophetic identity ; he spoke as if bringing a fresh revelation from God , and channeled this momentum into “ fixing a lot of things that are wrong with this society . ”
Toward this end , he worked for the rights of all workers to earn a living wage and human dignity .
He was also involved with minority civil rights — for African and Asian Americans as well as Latinos .
He even traveled to Mexico to advocate for workers there .
But perhaps the most commonly forgotten component of Chavez ’s nonviolent struggle was for the rights of gays and lesbians .
In 1987 , Chavez addressed a crowd of 200,000 at a march for gay rights and for funding to combat AIDS in Washington DC .
There , he claimed : “ Our movement has been supporting lesbian and gay rights for over 20 years .
We supported lesbian and gay rights when it was just a crowd of 10 people . ”
In 2006 , during an interview with the Human Rights Campaign , Dolores Huerta explained : “ Yes , there were farm workers who were gay and lesbian .
Cesar Chavez had a ‘ comadre ’ [ close friend ] , who was a lesbian and baptized his oldest son , Fernando .
She owned a little bar called People ’s .
For the strikers , that was our hangout because there was so much discrimination against us that People ’s was a place that we all went to because there was never any hostility .
If fact , it was part of our movement . ”
Hence , Obama ’s reiteration of the phrase , “ Yes We Can , ” not only articulated and inscribed a new hope onto the American psyche , but it also captured the spirit of a political revival and religious transformation :
Chavez once rightly declared that “ we need a revolution not only in art , but in the realm of the spirit . ”
Obama ’s campaign conjured this revolutionary spirit , while leaving Chavez ’s ghost in veiled repose .
Obama ’s choice of Rick Warren to lead the inaugural prayer was not at all in the spirit of Chavez ’s prophetic call .
The popular pastor had lobbied in favor of amending California ’s constitution to prevent gay marriage , comparing it to bestiality and pederasty .
By contrast , Chavez ’s theology was humanistic , advocating for the rights of lesbians and gays while leaving judgment and condemnation for God alone .
More , the UFW together with Chavez ’s granddaughter , Christine Chavez , lobbied in favor of California ’s 2005 Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Protection Act , which would have legalized gay marriage .
Certainly Obama ’s use of Chavez ’s charisma as expressed in his signature narrative , “ Yes We Can , ” does not bind the president to the late prophet ’s every political position , but he has acknowledged the authorship of his slogan .
On Chavez ’s birthday , Obama released the following statement :
Cesar Chavez ’s legacy as an educator , environmentalist , and as a civil rights leader who struggled for fair treatment and fair wages for America ’s workers is important for every American to remember .
Having begun as a farmworker , Cesar Chavez eventually co-founded the United Farm Workers and struggled to provide hundreds of thousands of people with better working conditions and the chance to live a better life .
The cause of fair treatment and fair wages for America ’s workers lives on today through the work of countless others .
Chavez ’s rallying cry , “ Si Se Puede / Yes We Can ” was more than a slogan , it was an expression of hope and a rejection of those who said farm workers could not organize , and could not take on the growers .
Through his courage , Cesar Chavez taught us that a single voice could change our country , and that together , we could make America a stronger , more just , and more prosperous nation .
Now safely ensconced in the White House and enjoying high approval ratings , the president can give Chavez his due credit .
By contrast , just last year at this time , candidate Obama had not yet cited Chavez as the author for his campaign slogan , but he had in some ways gone farther ; the candidate had proposed that Chavez ’s birthday become a national holiday — a cause supported by millions :
His cause lives on .
As farm workers and laborers across America continue to struggle for fair treatment and fair wages , we find strength in what Cesar Chavez accomplished so many years ago .
And we should honor him for what he ’s taught us about making America a stronger , more just , and more prosperous nation .
That ’s why I support the call to make Cesar Chavez ’s birthday a national holiday .
It ’s time to recognize the contributions of this American icon to the ongoing efforts to perfect our union .
Chavez did not copyright his phrase “ Yes We Can , ” and Obama can not be held accountable to the many noble justice movements it animated .
But a democratic citizenry can and should hold politicians accountable for declarations they clearly made to win support .
Sadly , the president seems to have forgotten his promise to declare a national holiday in honor of the man whose legacy continues to influence our politics , and our lives .
This week , in my crescendoing tirade against journalism , we shall review the evidence that the media actually kills people .
The suicide of Sylvia Plath 's son has filled the news .
The media obsessed - understandably - over genetics , when mental illness is probably the single biggest risk factor , but the coverage has been universally thoughtful , considerate , informed , and responsible .
This is not always the case .
But before we get there , one important cause of suicide seems to have been missed .
In The Sorrows of Young Werther by Goethe the hero shoots himself because his love is unattainable .
The book was banned after men throughout Europe were reported to be dressing like Werther , copying his affectations , and taking their own lives in the same style .
But a myth about a book is not enough : you need research .
And it has been shown repeatedly that suicide increases in the month after a front page suicide story .
There is also evidence that the effect is bigger for famous people and gruesome attempts .
Overdoses increased by 17 % in the week after a prominent overdose on Casualty ( watched by 22 % of the population at the time ) .
In 1998 the Hong Kong media reported heavily on a case of carbon monoxide poisoning by a very specific method , using a charcoal burner .
In the 10 months preceding the reports , there had been no such suicides .
In November there were three ; then in December there were 10 ; and over the next year there were 40 .
And it 's not pie in the sky to suggest the media should be careful in how they discuss suicide .
After the introduction of media reporting guidelines in Austria , there was a significant decrease in the number of people throwing themselves under trains .
So organisations such as the Samaritans suggest that journalists avoid crass phrases such as " a successful suicide attempt " .
They suggest that journalists avoid explicit or technical details of suicide methods , for reasons you can now understand .
They suggest that journalists include details of further sources for help and advice , since an article about suicide represents a great opportunity to target people at risk with useful information .
And they recommend avoiding simplistic explanations for suicide .
From the weekly mass of reports that trample on this perfectly good common sense , one article from the Telegraph at the tail end of last year particularly sticks in my memory .
It is very different from the coverage of Plath 's son .
" Man cut off own head with chainsaw " was the headline .
" A man cut off his head with a chainsaw because he did not want to leave his repossessed home . "
What the Telegraph published was a horrific , comprehensive , explicit and detailed instruction manual .
This information was so appallingly technical and instructive that after some discussion we have decided that the Guardian will not print it , even in the context of a critique .
It gives truly staggering details on exactly what to buy , how to rig it up , how to use it , and even how to make things more comfortable while waiting for death to come .
Suicidal thoughts are common .
They pass .
Journalists get these kinds of stories from inquests , which are open to the public because we decided as a community , centuries ago , that it was important to be transparent about the judicial process .
Perhaps Plath 's son will have a public inquest .
Perhaps the media will cover it in the same way that the Telegraph covered the chainsaw case .
I doubt they will , and I very much hope they wo n't .
It 's just hard to tell which is the journalist 's true voice : the caring , compassionate , informed consolation , or the murderously detailed chainsaw voyeurism .
In the interview , Mr. Holder said he was sending an additional 100 agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives to the southern border to crack down on the so - called straw gun purchases — in which one person submits to the federal background checks to obtain guns for someone else — that fuel much of the southbound smuggling .
And with marijuana sales central to the drug trade , Mr. Holder said he was exploring ways to lower the minimum amount required for the federal prosecution of possession cases .
[ New York Times ]
The officials who met with Holder today quizzed him on a variety of local concerns .
For example , Barbara LaWall , the Pima County , Ariz. , attorney , said that federal prosecutors in her state were refusing to take cases involving cross - border marijuana seizures of 500 pounds or less .
The result , she said , has been no convictions for hundreds of smugglers caught with about 490 pounds of marijuana .
[ Baltimore Sun ]
In discussing strategies to reduce drug war violence in Mexico , Attorney General Eric Holder made this troubling remark :
It 's a disturbing comment that provoked curiosity from Pete Guither and Eric Sterling , but the back - story helps to qualify exactly which type of marijuana offenders we 're talking about .
From a meeting with prosecutors in Baltimore : So when Holder says he 's " exploring ways to lower the minimum amount required for the federal prosecution of possession cases , " he 's responding to complaints that major traffickers are currently being allowed to walk .
Obviously , he 's dreaming if he thinks lowering the threshold will intimidate traffickers who 've already made it clear that they fear nothing .
Our failure to prosecute cases under 500 pounds just shows how ridiculously outmatched we are and any attempt to rectify the situation will only serve to further prove that point .
Regardless , Holder 's comment should n’t be read as a declaration of war against American marijuana users .
He 's not saying there will be an effort to increase arrests .
They are aiming to put more people in prison for pot , however , rather than continuing to systematically pass on cases involving hundreds of pounds .
If Holder wants to reduce Mexican drug war violence , he needs to reduce the drug war itself , not the thresholds for marijuana prosecutions .
Believe me , Americans would be happy to grow their pot at home and defund the marijuana cartels entirely .
The government ’s racketeering case against supermarket mogul George Torres went to a federal court jury Wednesday , with jurors essentially being asked to decide whether Torres is a legitimate businessman who surrounded himself with criminals -- or is a criminal himself .
During a three - week trial before U.S. District Judge Stephen V. Wilson , prosecutors sought to portray Torres as a ruthless entrepreneur who made millions in the grocery business by hiring illegal workers , failing to pay taxes , bribing a public official and arranging to have people killed when they crossed him .
“ George Torres did n’t let anyone or anything stand between him and success , ” Assistant U.S. Atty .
Evan Davis told jurors , “ certainly not the law . ”
Defense attorneys , on the other hand , cast Torres as a hard - working businessman who was targeted by an overzealous Los Angeles Police Department detective and lying informants who were enticed with promises of cash and early release from prison in exchange for their testimony .
Advertisement
By some measures , the trial has not been going well for the prosecution .
After the government presented its case , Judge Wilson dismissed the charges against Torres ’ brother , Manuel , who had been a co-defendant .
The judge also ordered the jury not to consider testimony regarding one of three killings
Torres is accused of orchestrating because there was insufficient evidence linking him to the crime .
The remaining killings are the most sensational allegations against Torres , whom prosecutors charged with racketeering under the theory that he ran a “ shadow organization ” to promote the success of his supermarket chain .
For instance , when a local gang member claiming to have ties to the Mexican Mafia tried to shake him down , Torres turned to Ignacio “ Nacho ” Meza , a member of his criminal enterprise , to take care of the problem , prosecutors allege .
Advertisement
Prosecutors say Meza carried out the killing Feb. 2 , 1994 , gunning down Jose “ Shorty ” Maldonado and wounding his pregnant girlfriend as they crossed the street near the main Numero Uno supermarket on Jefferson Boulevard south of downtown Los Angeles .
Years later , after Meza became deeply involved in the drug trade , and allegedly stole $ 500,000 from a safe in one of Torres ’ stores , Torres arranged to have Meza killed , prosecutors say .
Meza was last seen Oct. 5 , 1998 , after being lured to one of Torres ’ markets on the promise that he could resume working there , they say .
The allegations rely heavily on the testimony of two witnesses , Raul Del Real and Derrick Smith .
Both men were associates of Torres , and both are serving lengthy prison sentences for distributing cocaine .
Smith , who grew up with Meza and dealt drugs with him , testified that he was present when Torres told Meza that “ Shorty needed to be taken care of . ”
Advertisement
Del Real , a major drug trafficker who admitted importing 2 tons of cocaine and marijuana into the United States , testified that Torres twice asked him to kill Meza as punishment for stealing the money but that he refused .
He said Torres later implied that he had Meza taken care of without Del Real ’s help .
But neither Smith nor Del Real fared well under cross-examination by Torres ’ lead attorney , Steven G. Madison .
Madison , a former federal prosecutor , got both to admit that they had been promised reduced sentences , cash payments and other favors in exchange for their testimony , despite having earlier testified before a federal grand jury that no such promises were made .
Advertisement
Madison also played tape recordings of Smith talking with Los Angeles Police Det. Greg Kading , whom defense attorneys accuse of improperly manipulating both Smith and Del Real into implicating Torres .
“ It ’s always this way , man , ” Kading says , according to one recording that was made where Smith was in custody and subpoenaed by the defense .
“ I always have to come up with the answers and tell you and then you just say , ‘ Yeah , you ’re right . ’ ”
Kading could not be reached for comment late Wednesday .
During his final comments to the jury , lead prosecutor Tim Searight seemed to acknowledge that Del Real and Smith had credibility problems .
But he reminded jurors of what he called “ the 500 - pound gorilla ” in the case : wiretapped phone conversations in which a foul - mouthed , fast - talking Torres appears to be up to no good with Del Real and others .
Advertisement
At one point , Torres asks for Del Real ’s help when Torres ’ son ’s car is stolen from a Numero Uno store in El Monte .
Torres tells Del Real to check with his street sources to see who may have committed the crime .
And he appears to tell Del Real to bring a gun .
“ You got one on you , ” Torres says .
“ Bring one . ”
--
Advertisement
scott.glover@latimes.com
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel ’s military was rocked on Thursday by Gaza war veterans ’ accounts of soldiers ’ killings of civilians and allegations that deep contempt for Palestinians pervaded its ranks .
The soldiers , alumni of a military academy , gathered last month to discuss their experiences in the 22 - day Israeli offensive that ended in January , a campaign that Palestinians and human rights groups have said warranted war crimes probes .
Disclosing details of the session , the institution ’s director said the soldiers pointed to an atmosphere within the military of “ unbridled contempt for , and forcefulness against , the Palestinians . ”
“ They talked about unwarranted fire on Palestinian civilians .
There was also talk of vandalism to property , ” Danny Zamir , head of the Yitzhak Rabin pre-military program , told Israel Radio .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak responded to the accusations by repeating Israel ’s description of its armed forces as the most moral in the world .
The military said its judge advocate - general had ordered an investigation of the alleged incidents .
Excerpts from the veterans ’ discussion appeared on Thursday on the front page of the left - leaning Haaretz daily .
It said the airing of the “ dirty secrets ” would make it more difficult for Israelis to dismiss such allegations as Palestinian propaganda .
It has been rare for Israeli soldiers to speak out about the killing of Palestinian civilians in the operation that Israel launched in the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip in December with the declared aim of halting militants ’ cross - border rocket attacks .
WRONG TURN
One of the soldiers , an infantry squad leader , recalled an incident in which he said an army sharpshooter killed a Palestinian mother and her two children who turned the wrong way after troops ordered them out of their house .
“ The platoon commander let the family go and told them to go to their right .
One mother and her two children did n’t understand and went to the left ...
The sharpshooter saw ( them ) approaching him , closer than the lines he was told no one should pass .
He shot them . ”
The squad leader said most of the men under his command felt “ the lives of Palestinians ... is something very , very less important than the lives of our soldiers , so as far as they are concerned , they can justify it that way . ”
Zamir said he conveyed the veterans ’ accounts to the Israeli military .
Israeli leaders have said Hamas bears ultimate responsibility for civilian deaths because its fighters operated in crowded Palestinian areas .
Another squad leader who attended the academy said at the gathering that a company commander had ordered an elderly Palestinian woman shot as she walked on a road about 100 metres ( yards ) from a house that troops had taken over .
Israeli soldiers before crossing the border into the Gaza Strip , January 12 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ronen Zvulun
meters Describing vandalism carried out by soldiers , the squad leader said : “ To write ‘ death to the Arabs ’ on the walls , to take family pictures and spit on them , just because you can -- I think this is the main thing , to understand how much the IDF ( Israel Defense Forces ) has fallen in the realm of ethics . ”
The Palestinian Center for Human Rights ( PCHR ) has put the Palestinian death toll during the war at 1,434 -- 960 civilians , 235 fighters and 239 police officers .
Israeli officials have disputed the figures .
Thirteen Israelis were killed .
On Thursday , an Israeli think - tank , the International Policy Institute for Counter - Terrorism , challenged the conclusion that close to 1,000 civilians were killed .
It said that a statistical analysis of PCHR ’s list of civilian casualties showed a disproportionate number of young men of fighting age .
The Israeli army has given no figure for Palestinian dead .
Zamir said that while veterans at the alumni session had not directly taken part in war crimes , “ they felt uncomfortable because they could not prevent them . ”
If a carefree childhood is a goal , Western society seems to be failing miserably .
And the media is n't helping , some suggest .
A trio of new surveys indicates kids are worried about modern problems and fearing things that were n't even in youngsters ' vocabularies in generations past .
And an alarming number appear to be bored to death .
A survey of 500 U.S. children aged 6 to 11 found that one - third fear Earth wo n't exist when they grow up .
And 56 percent believe the planet will not be as good a place to live .
( The truth : Earth may indeed become less hospitable in the next few decades as the climate warms and seas rise , but barring a surprise cosmic catastrophe — with odds that are astronomically long — the planet will be around for a few billion years .
Feel free to share that with your kids . )
The study was conducted by Opinion Research for Habitat Heroes , an environmental charity , and a report on it by Treehugger .com has been widely cited .
It should be noted that the findings suggest the questions had an environmental bent that might have influenced the answers in a manner that is not representative of kids in general .
That said , other results from the survey :
50 percent of the kids said hurricanes and tornadoes are the natural disasters that scare them most .
28 percent said they fear extinction of animals , such as polar bears and penguins .
The overall worries were most profound among black and Hispanic children .
Girls worry more than boys , and urban kids worry more than those in suburbia .
The Habitat Heroes press release on the survey asks a worthy question : " Has all of the attention on saving the planet these days actually created more anxiety about the state of the Earth for our children ? "
Few are carefree
A separate study of UK children , also announced this week , found only 11 percent are carefree , or free from worry .
The research , which involved interviews with 200,000 children aged 6 to 14 and 18,000 of their teachers , did find 82 percent are happy most of the time .
Girls are slightly happier than boys .
But 51 percent of the UK kids worry about their parents divorcing or arguing , and more than half also worry about violence and street crime .
“ Children ’s well - being should be the top concern of any society , and a good measure of well - being is how safe children feel and how happy and fulfilled they feel , ” said study leader Karen Pine of the University of Hertfordshire .
“ I find it surprising that over half of the children surveyed worry about their parents arguing or divorcing .
This shows how , when marriages are going through difficulties , children are more often aware than many parents might think they are . "
( A three - year - long study published last fall in the journal Child Development found that young grade - school children who worry about how their parents are getting along do worse in school and are more likely to have psychological problems . )
The biggest factor for unhappiness among UK children , according to the researchers : boredom , cited by 74 percent .
“ The children have told us that boredom is the biggest downer , along with adults who expect too much of them and having to work too hard , " said Robert Hart , whose firm Intuitive Media Research Services conducted the survey .
" Children want more freedom to play , relax , pursue their hobbies and be creative . "
Modern worries
In previous generations , it was not uncommon for young children to be shielded from many of the world 's problems .
Be that good or bad , those days are largely gone .
Another study announced over the weekend found 61 percent of British children say they have been affected by the recession .
The study of 9 - to 12 - year - olds also found 14 percent fear getting stabbed or shot .
These studies all come on the heels of a newly presented theory that children — and adults — need to play more .
Society depends on play , the thinking goes , and we 've gotten away from it .
Our early ancestors were good at it , the theory 's proponent says .
Another kids - related idea presented this month — perhaps the most fleshed out research of any discussed in this article — suggests that children and adults need to spend more time with nature , a communion that is good for our brains .
Playing outside vs. playing a video game gives the mind a much - needed rest , the researchers argue , by letting our brain sense things it is naturally attuned to .
The big question on my mind : Does any of this indicate that childhood is truly changing , that the shift in play from outdoors and make - believe to long hours at day care , the increasingly unavoidable news reports about impending apocalypse , the availability of electronic games and online social networking — that all of this is making kids less happy and more fearful ?
It might be just differences in how questions were asked , but back 1999 , Ohio State University researchers asked 86 children aged 8 to 12 several questions , including : " Most people are afraid of something .
What are you afraid of ? "
The results : Boys reported that they fear snakes ( evolution can explain that one ) , monsters and scary theme park rides more often than girls did .
Girls tended more to fear thunderstorms and the dark .
Ah , the good ol ' days of routine fears !
Robert Roy Britt is the Editorial Director of Imaginova .
In this column , The Water Cooler , he looks at what people are talking about in the world of science and beyond .
Gobsmacking .
There 's no other word for it .
What else can you call it when a national TV network 's most popular anchor goes onscreen and reports a story that not only completely inverts reality , but does it by unleashing a camera crew that engages in the behavior of stalkers , actually tracking down a woman blogger on her weekend getaway and ambushing her at her hotel ?
It 's not just hypocrisy :
This is a psychotic perversion of press rights in a way that violates basic American privacy rights .
And it 's dangerous as hell .
That 's what Bill O'Reilly did tonight on the O'Reilly Factor .
Here 's the report from O'Reilly 's own sector of Planet Wingnuttia :
O'Reilly : Now , for the evil part .
Last month , after the charitable event was announced , a bunch of far - left loons picked up some propaganda from the hate group Media Matters , that said I am unsympathetic to the plight of crime victims -- a preposterous lie .
Along with America 's Most Wanted , the Factor has done more for the victims of crime in America than any other television program on the air .
The loons pointed to a Radio Factor episode from three years ago .
We 've posted the entire commentary on BillOReilly.com .
Elements at NBC
News then encouraged the loons to protest the Alexa Foundation , causing Alexa and her family major grief .
That 's right : O'Reilly is claiming that these reports actually harmed rape victims , since the Alexa Foundation was probably acutely embarrassed by the reports .
So to prove his sensitivity to rape victims , he sent out a news crew to stalk a woman on her private weekend getaway .
What so infuriated O'Reilly was a Think Progress report -- itself a pickup from NewsHounds , and which in turn was picked up by MSNBC -- pointing out that while O'Reilly was going to give a speech before the Alexa Foundation , which benefits rape victims and their families , he had something of a history of gross insensitivity to the victims of rape himself .
Here 's what Amanda Terkel at Think Progress actually reported :
Our post — which never criticized the Alexa Foundation — highlighted the fact that in the past , O’Reilly has implied that women who dress in a certain way or consume too much alcohol should perhaps expect to be raped .
Here is what he said on his radio show on Aug. 2 about Jennifer Moore , an 18 - year - old woman who was raped and murdered : Now Moore , Jennifer Moore , 18 , on her way to college .
She was 5 - foot - 2 , 105 pounds , wearing a miniskirt and a halter top with a bare midriff .
Now , again , there you go .
So every predator in the world is gonna pick that up at two in the morning .
She ’s walking by herself on the West Side Highway , and she gets picked up by a thug .
All right .
Now she ’s out of her mind , drunk .
O’Reilly ’s comments about Moore were part of a larger segment about the dangers of drunkenness .
His other example was Mel Gibson going on a drunken tirade and yelling anti-Semitic comments .
“ I think it ’s safe to say that if Mel Gibson did n’t get drunk , he would n’t be in this terrible situation he finds himself in , ” said O’Reilly .
“ And if a young woman , 18 - year - old Jennifer Moore of Harrington Park , NJ , did n’t get drunk , she ’d be alive today . ”
No doubt O'Reilly is still reeling from the embarrassment of a previous case where his grotesquely insensitive remarks came back to haunt him : namely , the Shawn Hornbeck incident , in which O'Reilly first suggested that a boy who had been kept a captive of a child molester for years had somehow " wanted it . "
As it happened , he was scheduled to speak before a conference for the families of missing kids .
The ensuing uproar did n't subside until his appearance was cancelled .
In other words , the guy who should have at some time apologized for belittling the victims of sexual assault -- and never has -- instead is claiming that his critics " hurt a rape victim and her family . "
The Alexa Foundation is sticking with O'Reilly ( a spokesperson was on afterward to fiercely denounce the protests ) .
There apparently were pickets outside O'Reilly 's appearance , and a groups called Concerned Women Against Sexual Violence created a petition of protest as well -- which got a big shout - out from Keith Olbermann .
So of course , Bill O'Reilly sent out his flying monkeys -- namely , the same ambush news crews , headed by an uber - cretin named Jesse Watters , who have attacked other hapless miscreants who had the audacity to bother O'Reilly 's august ego -- in swift and nasty retaliation , as Terkel describes :
- The Stalking : Watters and his camera man accosted me at approximately 3:45 p.m. on Saturday , March 21 , in Winchester , VA , which is a two - hour drive from Washington , DC .
My friend and I were in this small town for a short weekend vacation and had told no one about where we were going .
I can only infer that the two men staked out my apartment and then followed me for two hours .
Looking back , my friend and I remember seeing their tan SUV following us for much of the trip .
– The Ambush : Shortly after checking into our lodgings , we emerged and immediately saw two men walking toward us calling out my name .
Watters said he was from Fox News , but never said his or his companion ’s name , nor did he say he was with The O’Reilly Factor .
Read the rest to see how the rest of the encounter went .
Then compare it to O'Reilly 's version above .
This whole episode itself is a gross bit of hypocrisy , considering that O'Reilly himself has complained about journalists invading celebrities ' privacy -- a point for which he was recently slammed by Jon Stewart .
And that raises an important point about press ethics .
O'Reilly 's ambush crews claim to be " investigative journalists " acting in the crusading tradition of the old ' 60 Minutes ' crews of the ' 70s and ' 80s .
And indeed those journalists did excellent and serious work tracking down various official miscreants .
But they did it at their offices or their places of work .
They did n't invade their homes .
Moreover , there is a big difference between people who anger you , or people with whom you disagree , and public officials or powerful people who have abused their positions .
I think we all can understand why it 's ethical for journalists to pursue the latter , and why everyone who has a shred of ethical decency as a journalist pauses long and hard while considering the former .
The power of the press is very easily abused , especially against ordinary private citizens who are n't celebrities , and whose privacy is every bit as sacred as Bill O'Reilly's .
If this kind of harassment continues , however , then it may comes time to turn the tables -- and they 've picked a set of victims more capable of fighting fire with fire than they reckon .
O'Reilly and his crew may not like it when bloggers start camping out on their lawns and demanding answers to insultingly partisan questions , shouted aggressively , as they try to get to their cars .
Jesse Watters , what 's your address ?
In the meantime , here 's John 's now - classic guide for dealing with O'Reilly .
We recommend frequent if not constant repetition of the words , " Andrea Mackris . "
UPDATE : Amanda Terkel chimes in on tonight 's BillO report .
As noted above , there was a lot edited out by O'Reilly .
September 18 , 2008 : Edge of Collapse
When Bob Woodward slaps together his next instant - history book about the Panic of ’08 ( c’mon , you just know he ’s going to ) , I imagine the book will open with the events of September 18 - 19 , 2008 .
Just using public sources , it ’s now easy to glean that on those two days , a run on money - market funds brought the financial system to the edge of collapse , and Hank Paulson was threatening members of Congress with martial law if they did n’t pass a bailout .
The collapse revelation came a few days ago from Rep. Paul Kanjorski ( D - Pennsylvania ) when he was interviewed on C - Span .
On Thursday [ the 18th ] , at about 11 o’clock in the morning , the Federal Reserve noticed a tremendous drawdown of money market accounts in the United States to a tune of $ 550 billion being drawn out in a matter of an hour or two .
The Treasury opened up its window to help .
They pumped $ 105 billion into the system and quickly realized that they could not stem the tide .
We were having an electronic run on the banks .
They decided to close the operation , close down the money accounts , and announce a guarantee of $ 250,000 per account so there would n’t be further panic and there .
And that ’s what actually happened .
If they had not done that their estimation was that by two o’clock that afternoon , $ 5.5 trillion would have been drawn out of the money market system of the United States , would have collapsed the entire economy of the United States , and within 24 hours the world economy would have collapsed .
Now we talked at that time about what would have happened if that happened .
It would have been the end of our economic system and our political system as we know it .
Couple this with the remarks of Rep. Brad Sherman ( D - California ) on the House floor just days after the first bailout bill went down in flames .
“ Many of us were told in private conversations that if we voted against this bill … that the sky would fall , the market would drop 2000 - 3000 points the first day , another couple thousand the second day , and a few members were even told that there would be martial law in America if we voted no . ”
Careless bloggers have jumped to the conclusion this threat was delivered the same day there was a run on the money - market funds .
But by the recollection of Sen. James Inhofe — who confirmed to a Tulsa radio station it was Hank Paulson himself who delivered that threat — the discussion took place on Friday the 19th .
It ’s possible Paulson resorted to such dire language because the Dow popped 400 - plus points in the final hours of trading the day before on rumors that Treasury and the Fed were hatching one of their many rescue plans — a rally that continued into the first hours of trading Friday .
Ordinary scare language would n’t do under those circumstances .
Or it ’s possible Inhofe ’s memory is fuzzy and the threat came the same day that everything nearly melted down .
Well , I ’m sure Bob Woodward can make a few phone calls and clear up any discrepancies on the time frame .
In the meantime , I ’m more concerned about the potential for another Black Swan to show up before the month is out .
A British minister warned leaders of the world 's biggest economies yesterday that they must produce more than empty rhetoric at the crucial G20 summit in London next week .
Lord Malloch - Brown , the plain - speaking Foreign Office minister who is playing a key role in the negotiations ahead of the meeting , said : " We can't again engage in meaningless , empty commitments which do n't survive the flight home . "
Leaders risked fuelling public dissent if they did not agree on action to tackle the recession , with dire consequences for the poorest nations .
But he said Thursday 's summit may not have an immediate impact .
" The global economy is going to go on descending on 3 April , the massive destruction of wealth that is going on is not going to be stopped by any leaders ' communique .
Stock markets may be arrested and turned around but we are in for a very tough 2009 under any circumstances – including a successful G20 summit . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In Brazil , Gordon Brown continued his pre-summit tour but there was embarrassment when his host , President Luiz Inacio Lula Da Silva , said the financial crisis was caused by " white people with blue eyes " .
He told a joint press conference with Mr Brown that he had never met a black banker .
" This is a crisis that was caused by people , white with blue eyes .
And before the crisis they looked as if they knew everything about economics , " he said .
" Once again the great part of the poor in the world that were still not yet [ getting ] their share of development that was caused by globalisation , they were the first ones to suffer .
" Since I am not acquainted with any black bankers , I can only say that this part of humanity that is the major victim of the world crisis , these people should pay for the crisis ?
I can not accept that .
If the G20 becomes a meeting just to set another meeting , we 'll be discredited and the crisis can deepen . "
Downing Street sources suggested the controversial remarks were meant for " domestic consumption " .
Mr Brown called on G20 leaders to set up a $ 100 bn ( £ 69 bn ) fund to revive trade and said that levels of trade credit , which exporters and importers use to settle accounts , must be increased .
He said worldwide trade was set to fall for the first time in 30 years : " Literally thousands of businesses who want to trade around the world are being prevented from doing so by the absence of trade credit available to them . "
Today Mr Brown will attend a conference of centre - left parties in Chile on the last leg of his tour .
James Purnell , the Work and Pensions Secretary , will tell the meeting : " Over the last decade the British government has done more redistribution than any other developed nation .
It [ the crisis ] means ... we can't create equality in the old way .
" While we will always have a moral duty to tackle poverty as we find it we can't simply take money from one set of people and give it to another , and call that equality .
That is a palliative .
" Instead , the left needs to remember that it started off as a movement about power .
We need to recognise that income inequality is just part of a wider struggle against the inequality of power .
The greatest injustice is when people cannot achieve their goals because someone else with power stops them . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Spot the banker : Workers told to ditch suits
City workers have been told by their employers to wear casual clothes instead of suits next week in anticipation of violent protests across London during the G20 summit .
Financial institutions including Barclays , Credit Suisse , JPMorgan , Citi and Deloitte have emailed employees instructing them to wear plain clothes to work to avoid being targeted by demonstrators , sources told The Independent yesterday .
Workers have also been told not to carry sensitive data and electronic equipment , and to consider postponing important meetings until the following week .
Demonstrators plan to stage a carnival in the Square Mile on Wednesday , featuring live music , street theatre and the hanging of banker effigies outside the Bank of England .
On Thursday they will march through London 's other financial centre , Canary Wharf , heading for the ExCeL Centre where the G20 summit is being held .
Police are said to be more worried about the protests in the City since Canary Wharf is covered by an extensive network of CCTV cameras .
One investment banker said yesterday : " When you tell a bunch of bankers to dress down , they wear a shirt , jumper , chinos and deck shoes .
It makes us stick out more than if we we 're wearing suits . "
Language learning is essentially fun , or should be , if it is done naturally , in line with how the brain learns .
We learned our first language quite well , without explicit instruction .
Unfortunately , the teaching of second languages has been turned into a complex classroom ceremony , consisting of obtuse grammar rules , annoying drills , rote memory and tests .
The result is that many people are discouraged from learning languages .
Maybe they would not learn their first language if it were taught in this way .
One of the most innovative thinkers on language learning is Stephen Krashen , who has pointed out that languages are acquired through meaningful input and not deliberate instruction .
His insights are being confirmed by the latest research on how the brain learns , as described in an excellent book by German brain researcher , Manfred Spitzer , Learning : The Human Brain and the School for Life .
As Spitzer says , learning takes place in the brain , not at school .
Here are seven concepts of natural language learning that reflect the most recent research on how the brain learns .
1 . The brain can learn languages , trust it .
The brain learns all the time , and , in fact , is designed to learn .
Throughout our lives the brain retains “ plasticity ” , creating neurons , and neural connections , in response to what it sees , hears and experiences .
The brain draws its own conclusions from the input it receives , and is better at forming its own rules than understanding logical explanations .
The brain is always at work , consuming over 20{ 54c12dad2cc2b53ae830e39915b1a3e70288dbcbbeb8bbf8395437c5dc3c512c} of the body ’s calories .
We can learn languages right into old age , and in fact it is good for the brain to do so .
The brain develops its own rules , naturally , from the observation of the input it receives .
The brain takes its time to learn , requiring continued exposure to meaningful and interesting content .
The brain can prioritize what to learn , dealing with easier subjects first , and more difficult ones later .
2 . The brain needs stimulus .
Give it massive amounts of meaningful input .
The brain likes things that are relevant and interesting .
So if the task is language acquisition , the most important condition is massive and continuous exposure to interesting and relevant language content .
At first , when the language is new , it is helpful to reinforce what has been learned by repetitive listening and reading .
As we progress we need to find new , fresh , interesting , stimulating and meaningful content .
We learn better from stories , real conversations , examples and episodes than from rules and facts .
We learn best from content that matters to us .
It is easier to listen to and read content is at the right level of difficulty , however the interest and relevance to the learner is the most important consideration .
3 . The brain will miss things .
We can help the brain notice the language .
The brain learns naturally by observing , constantly labeling and creating its own rules .
But the brain can miss things .
We should , from time to time , review grammar rules and tables , focus on mistakes we have made , or study specific words and phrases that we have learned .
We should also attempt to write and speak , if we feel like it .
These activities , which dominate traditional language learning , are , however , optional and minor activities in a natural language learning system .
They increase attentiveness but should not take away from the main activities of listening and reading .
Good language output can only come from absorbing massive amounts of language input .
When we practice output , speaking and writing , or review vocabulary and grammar rules , we increase our attentiveness to the language .
Heightened attentiveness increases the ability of the brain to notice the patterns and sounds of the language .
4. Learn to engage your emotions in order to increase learning efficiency .
Positive emotions energize the brain , and increase the efficiency of learning .
An interesting story , a powerfully narrated audio book , a person we like – these are the things that will engage our emotions .
Uninteresting learning tasks , or negative tension , decrease learning efficiency .
We should stay with content we like , and discard content we do not like .
We should do those learning tasks we enjoy doing .
We should always combine audio with text , and choose narrators whose voice we enjoy .
This will make it easier to listen repetitively .
We need to like the language we are learning and at least some aspects of its culture .
5 . When you learn naturally , you will feel motivated by your own success .
Motivation is the basic motor of learning .
Success is motivating , as is praise .
Any teaching activity which creates frustration , such as traditional grammar based language learning , can demotivate the learner .
In a natural learning environment , the main task of the teacher is to encourage the learner to become independent of the teacher , rather than to impose tasks or explanations on the learner .
Many of us want to learn another language but are skeptical of our ability to do so , because we have not done it before .
As the strange language starts to acquire meaning through our listening and reading , our brain feels a sense of reward at this new and unexpected experience .
This is highly motivating .
Give language learning a chance , the results will be better than you think .
6 . When we learn , we change .
We need to accept this change .
When we learn , our neural networks change , physically .
When we learn a new language , we adopt some of the behaviour patterns of another culture and our personalities and our perceptions change .
Many of the difficulties that grown - ups face in language learning , come from the a resistance to change .
It is often more comfortable to follow the patterns and pronunciation of our own language , rather than to commit to fully imitating the new language .
Children are not afraid to change .
Moving to a new country , they learn the language of their new friends without hesitation .
Older learners have a stronger vested interested in their own identity , and in what they already know .
All learners benefit from the help of an encouraging tutor and an enthusiastic group of fellow learners , in order to overcome these barriers to learning .
7 . The Internet – the new world of natural learning at our finger - tips .
The internet offers a wide range of content in many languages , many low - cost websites with efficient learning methodologies , online tutors , and people from around the world with whom to talk and interact .
The internet becomes the classroom , the library , the source of content , the language laboratory , and the support community .
The Internet is the home of the language learning revolution , the natural language learning revolution .
Internet learning is available whenever we want , at no , or little , cost .
The iPod or MP3 player and other language resources on the Web have created a natural language learning revolution .
Join a language learning community on the Web today !
Steve Kaufmann is a former Canadian diplomat , who has had his own company in the international trade of forest products for over 20 years .
Steve is the founder and CEO of LingQ.com an online language learning system and Web 2.0 community .
Steve speaks ten languages , having recently learned Russian at LingQ .
Steve maintains a blog on language learning .
I have been programming small games in Java for the past 3 years or so and would like to expand my horizons by learning functional programming .
Is it possible to make games using something like Lisp ( or another functional language ) ?
Would there be any benefits as opposed to OOP ?
For instance : say I want to make a pacman game .
In java , you just have a bunch of objects that keep their state and thus globally keep the state of the game .
Then you check for collisions etc .
But in Lisp , you do n't have state - so would that be possible to make pacman purely functionally ?
If so , how ?
And would there be any benefits ?
Advertisements
The New York Times is reporting that the ol ’ gang from the Bush administration is getting together for a reunion and a brainstorming session for the George W. Bush Policy Institute , but the one person who wo n’t be there is former VP Dick Cheney who is still upset that W. would n’t pardon his best boy , Scooter Libby .
Over 20 former Bush administration officials are getting together for the reunion , and brainstorming session , but according to the NYT , “ Not coming to next week ’s session is former Vice President Dick Cheney , who in the final days of the administration argued with Mr. Bush about his failure to pardon Mr. Cheney ’s former chief of staff , I. Lewis Libby Jr. , who was convicted of perjury and other counts for his role in the leak of Valerie Wilson ’s employment with the Central Intelligence Agency .
Mr. Cheney later went on television to air his grievances with Mr. Bush , while also accusing Mr. Obama of endangering the country . ”
The grudge that Cheney seems to be holding against Bush is obvious .
Both men have taken a different approach to discussing the Obama administration .
Bush has taken the high road by saying that Obama deserves his silence , but Cheney has been in the media criticizing Obama in every interview that he has given .
The post administration rift between the president and vice president is not an uncommon occurrence .
Things are still frosty between Bill Clinton and Al Gore , because for a long time Gore thought that Clinton ’s Monica scandal cost him the 2000 election .
Advertisements
Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush were n’t exactly a buddy movie waiting to happen , and JFK and LBJ flat out did not like each other .
What makes the George W. Bush / Dick Cheney situation unique is that Cheney ’s anger is based on expectation that the president would violate his own principles , and use the presidential pardon .
Even worse , Cheney wanted a pardon for a crime that brought shame to the president ’s administration .
If Bush would have granted the pardon of Libby , it would have been a final abuse of his power while he was on his way out the door .
Can you imagine what this brain storming session is going to sound like for the George W. Bush Policy Institute ?
He is getting together a group of people who ran out of ideas in 2002 , so they spent the next six years recycling the same four ideas that they came in to office with .
Is the Bush foreign policy institute going to hold seminars on the Constitution and how to violate it ?
Maybe they hold working groups on disaster preparedness ?
How about putting out position papers with titles like Preemptive War , It ’s not as easy as You Think .
Dick Cheney needs to get over it , and President Bush should go buy another baseball team , and for the sake of the nation , stay as far away from politics as possible
This just in : A federal judge in New York has approved settlements in 92 of the 95 cases filed on behalf of those injured or killed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
The total amount paid was close to $ 500 million , according to the mediator in the case , Sheila Birnbaum , of Skadden , Arps .
Click here for the early AP story ; here for a copy of Judge Alvin Hellerstein 's order , which attaches Birnbaum 's report .
The lawsuits were brought by those who chose not to participate in the Victim 's Compensation Fund , a special fund Congress ...
READER COMMENTS ON
" You Too Can Have a Ball Hanging With Tea Baggers ! "
( 40 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/11/2009 @ 5:43 pm PT ...
Stern listeners nevva missa joke . . .
Teabagging Tea baggers , tea bag a frialator ...
~
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 4/11/2009 @ 6:17 pm PT ...
I do n't know what all the fuss is - if the party of that gave a homosexual prostitute , jeff gannon / guckert fake press credentials and allowed him to come and go as he saw fit on overnights ...
And the party of " wide stance " larry craig want to put testicles in their mouths ...
Why is this news ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 4/11/2009 @ 6:31 pm PT ...
No no no ... you misunderstand !
First they 're going to make us into teabaggers then they 're going to make us marry a teabagger ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 4/11/2009 @ 6:46 pm PT ...
I still do n't get it - as long as these are consenting adults putting each other 's testicles into their mouths , why should dems be concerned ?
Should n't the real question be :
What homosexual acts are Obama and the dems going to publicly perform in order to demonstrate that they also support gays ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Adrian said on 4/11/2009 @ 7:36 pm PT ...
I think that the serious point is being missed that the Republicans want to put out imagery that questions Obama 's masculinity and sexuality .
This whole exercise is just a series of codewords .
We all know that , so why do n't we confront them on their own terms and fucking get mad at these assholes rather than laughing along with their supposed naivety ?
Sometimes - most times with the republicans , jokes and supposed slips of the tongue are acts of concerted politics .
Between this and Glen Beck ...
I look around and its as if we 've forgotten already that the last eight years have even happened !
Have n't we learned these lessons already ?
c-mon Brad , let 's get back to business !!!
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/11/2009 @ 9:34 pm PT ...
Well , I am way radically not a Republican , but I definitely question his manhood .
I also do n't understand how people can object to the use of certain colorful epithets , in print or on the air , when they will read and write and speak about this filthy stuff without turning a hair .
The fact is : Obama is doing as bad a job as * did , and in many ways worse .
Who cares what the Republicans are yimmering about ?
Pay attention to what 's going on with our Constitution , what President Glib Cinderella is doing to it .
Pay attention to Obama widening the girth of plutocrats while Americans get thrown out of their jobs and homes .
Pay attention to the brown people he is murdering and helping to murder .
Snap out of it .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Gos said on 4/11/2009 @ 9:52 pm PT ...
Agent 99 for prez in ' 12 !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:21 am PT ...
The fact is : Obama is doing as bad a job as * did , and in many ways worse .
Surely you jest .
While our current elected inhabitant of the White House clearly has disappointed , just imagine for a moment if Shrub had somehow maintained his presidency up until now .
Even imagine if McTeabag had been elected last year .
Where would we be now ?
Far worse would have been committed in our country 's name , I guarantee .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... bob said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:29 am PT ...
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... TinkyWinky said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:46 am PT ...
It sure is funny , but it's also interesting in a way - I was just listening to an episode of The Joan Kenley Show ( progressive Bay Area podcast ) called The Media : What ’s True , What ’s
Not that addressed how the right - wing corporate media will use catch phrases ( like " socialism " ) and single - line branding to manipulate the information we hear .
After getting in touch with all the ways that 's worked for them , it 's kinda nice to see this entry about a way it clearly is working against them !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 4/12/2009 @ 10:09 am PT ...
Hey Bob ( nice handle btw ) - thanks for that link .
Pretty much nails the whole thang .
Pity that O'Bummer and his masters are allergic to that topic .
That Dane is way cool ...
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... michelle l. said on 4/12/2009 @ 11:02 am PT ...
The tea - bagging movement is a coward 's way of false - threatening revolution in a cutsie - kind - of - way .
This country has become a nation of cowards , wimps and whiners , and there 's probably not one tea - bagger who would n't buddy up to those running this kleptocracy if they thought there was some money there .
The media is just happy to contain the rant , and therefore control the masses .
The media is , afterall the fourth branch of this government , and the same money that elects politicians steers the news .
It is n't just Fox news .
None of the MSM are reporting the likes of ongoing mafia trials or ongoing Jack Abramoff corruption , because if they were Americans would be informed .
Most Americans never heard the name Abramoff–– well - heeled - in with Rove and the rest .
Why did n't they put Abramoff 's trials on tv like they did O.J. Simpson , or Anna Nichole 's dilemma ?
Because it might expose some of Abramoff 's friends , associates , and conspirators ?
Who 's ever heard of Kyle Foggo or Duke Cunningham ?
And while Americans whine and complain , lose their jobs and homes , those running the banks , the criminals in charge are laughing all the way to the deposit box .
Privatization began before Reagan when the railroad managers & execs .
moved in and ran the trains during the strike .
Reagan followed firing air traffic controllers .
Clinton initiated NAFTA , and then Bush began the privatization that 's eventually going to sell out the country and structures to American and foreign investors to create their privatized global strategy .
Twenty years of G.O.B. ( good ole boy ) Southern Presidents , and now we have .... Chicago !
Judicial Watch and groups like Common Cause and CREW should be commended because at least they 're trying .
This is all about " TRUTH " and how well the MSM and government and courts can dodge it and / or cover it up .
In January , Obama learned the game .
When he was outside - the - loop , he made all kinds of promises , but now on the inside he 's learning which ones he can keep .
As for the government being involved in the business of marriage , would you feel your union was particularly blessed if sanctified by this government ?
Marriage , love , trust , loyalty , generosity , families , children : is one business the government should get out of altogether , and find someone other than the tax services , lawyers and courts to profit from it 's success or destruction .
It 's really time to redefine government altogether , because no matter which way politically the pendulum swings , the same people monopolize it all .
I would have thought the liberals would be the tea bag people , because conservatives would run straight for ammunition and guns , or at least threaten it .
Tea bags wo n't make any difference for the underlying plans that have already been made– –for next week , next month , and next year , even for the next Presidential election––or two , or three .
Tea Bagging is a cute little gesture , and at least preoccupies the valuable time of people " who really care . "
Ending career politics , cronyism , and family dynasties profiting from government affiliated jobs and appointments ; setting term limits .
These are some of the things that would put an end to the nonsense in Washington DC and every state government in the union .
Even Obama could n't imagine that kind of CHANGE .
" Kicking the bastards out " has been threatened by Americans before , but never accomplished .
It 's the simplest , most peaceful and most productive form of revolution–– to start a new " leadership " game with all new players .
But Americans just can't seem to get there .
Why not ask tea - baggers about that ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 12:27 pm PT ...
Lora
If you follow my link you will see I was not jesting .
I agree McCain would have been far worse .
I think Hillary would have been worse .
That does n't mean Obummer is n't worse than * in a lot of ways .
It does n't mean that the one hope we had to get our constitution back is n't showing us he does n't care about it .
Listen to the audio at my link .
Listen to Glenn Greenwald tell it like it unequivocally is .
That Obama was the best of the bunch says pretty much bubkes about what we 've got .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 1:38 pm PT ...
He 's broken his oath !
Already .
He 's pissing on the rule of law .
Determinedly .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/12/2009 @ 2:14 pm PT ...
Michelle L. @ 12 : Please see my comments in reply to yours on the Beck post at : https://bradblog.com/?p=7059#comment-389827
And , btw , plase be careful about falling for the phony " conservative vs. liberal " paradigm as I 've seen you reference it several times .
It 's a scam .
I hope you 'll reconsider the use of such labels in your commentary .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/12/2009 @ 2:16 pm PT ...
Agent 99 @ 6 said :
The fact is : Obama is doing as bad a job as * did Absolute and utter falderall .
While there is much to be critical of Obama for , to suggest he's " doing as bad as BUSH did " is utterly laughable , without substance or merit , and --- had I not bothered to comment on it --- unworthy of comment .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 2:42 pm PT ...
Go listen to Greenwald at the link I gave , Brad , and yer continued bullshit about the laughability or silliness of my comments is childish and ugly .
If you do n't agree , just say so like a man , but quit with the insults because I can beat you on those .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/12/2009 @ 4:07 pm PT ...
Why is it either " childish " or " ugly " ?
I disagree with you .
I believe you 're wrong in saying that Obama is " doing as bad as [ Bush ] did " and that the argument is without merit .
Had you said he 's " as bad as Bush on wire - tapping " or " as bad as Bush on habeas corpus " ( as Greenwald argued in the article you linked to ) , I 'd not have said your argument was without merit , even though I 'd still have quibbled on the " as bad as Bush " part , since I do n't believe he is , even as I 'm disappointed ( but not surprised , which is one of the reasons I did n't vote for him ) in how he 's handling those issues .
If Obama 's job was limited to only the points mentioned above , your arguments might also have some merit .
But his job is * far * bigger than that , and the difference from Bush is beyond question .
So to paint him with the hysterically broad " is doing as bad a job as Bush did " brush is lazy , and without substance or merit as I originally argued .
Nothing " childish " or " ugly " about it , even if you do n't agree with my argument .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 5:02 pm PT ...
It is childish and ugly to try to demean a cogent statement when voicing your disagreement without that action would suffice , especially when it 's someone you know and whose other statements in support of their position are known to you .
Seems to me you 're just trying to make sure nobody associates this place with an anti-Obama blog , without saying so .
Hey , everybody , this is not an anti-Obama blog .
I am just apocalyptically disappointed with the shitty , shitty , shitty start to this administration and think Obama is performing abysmally pretty much across the board .
Doing my best to make people aware that Obama is essentially carrying on where * and Fudd left off , while posing as the new hope for America in the world .
Stop listening to what he only SAYS and start looking at what he DOES .
A flood of foreclosures are coming down on our heads because the moratorium on them was only through the winter , not as advertised until new contracts could be negotiated to keep people in their homes .
This administration continues to fatten the bankers rather than put a safety net under the masses going jobless and homeless .
Pakistani civilians are being murdered by drones on Obama 's orders .
Palestinian civilians are being exterminated with Obama 's help .
The swift withdrawal of troops from Iraq Obama promised has grown less swift over the last few months and even the Iraqi deadline he told the troops last week was going to be met has been countered by Odierno .
Though we 're not 100 % certainly not attending Durban II next week , it has been an ugly , ugly process so far and there seems to be agreement there is little chance he 's going to get the courage to attend .
He has appointed a bunch of officials with egregious conflicts of interest or who are noted enemies of the people with whom they are slated to deal .
He has put persons largely responsible for the economic meltdown in charge of melting it down further .
He is actively working against the integrity of the Constitution .
He is practically jumping out his own asshole to avoid the administration of justice to criminals of the worst sort .
His much heralded decree against torture turns out to have had a loophole you could drive a truck through and none of it covers Bagram .
I could go on , but I 've been going on about it for quite a while , and if you want some support for my assertions , they 're all here .
So , no , it was not in jest , and , no , it is no laughing matter , and I 'm in no mood for obnoxiousness about stuff that is this dire .
We used to have the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence and the Federalist Papers linked here for easy reference .
We used to pitch fits about the slaughter out there .
We used to drive trucks around Washington , DC with signage screaming for the impeachment of these criminals , and now we have this silver - tongued politician working hard to keep them safe from prosecution , and you say my statement is " laughable " ?
Ca n't you just say , " Sorry , 99 , " and be done with it ?
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/12/2009 @ 7:08 pm PT ...
Ana Marie Cox is Hawt ( tm )
The rest is juvenile noise ( by that , I mean everything about the right - wing , of course ) .
And Obama is screwing up by not shutting down these banks and instead giving them trillions .. he 's screwing up by playing games in Afghanistan instead of bringing home all of our troops NOW and worrying about US instead of big-oil and other major mega-corps and their profits .
He 's at least _trying_ to do the right thing on some fronts , and moving focus to probably more rational targets ( Afghanistan instead of Iraq , but that remains to be seen in implementation ) .. but the laughing at Hemp / Pot as a way to fix some of our issues , that flies in the face of reason , and is done for political expediency and " image " , or to maintain some sense of vanity and keep up a front .
I had hoped ( byhond hope ) that Obama might help to fix things , but 90 % of what he 's doing is just more of the same , and we 'll all suffer in the long run for it .
The ruling elite is too entrenched , and I fear Obama is just another puppet stooge in the grander scheme of things .
http://www.thezeitgeistmovement.com .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 4/12/2009 @ 7:40 pm PT ...
99 - Yes , writing that " Obama is doing as bad a job as * did , and in many ways worse . " is a laughable suggestion .
Had you made the cogent argument you just made , without taking the lazy shortcut to offer false equivalency between Bush ( 8 years of evil and / or utter incompetence ) and Obama ( barley 3 months in and still naive , lacking courage and finding sea legs ) I probably would n't have said a thing .
Writing , as I did , that your lazy false equivalency was " utterly laughable , without substance or merit " , as I did , is neither childish or ugly .
Perhaps your confusing that with my opinion ?
I 've now read my original comment about 5 times , and sorry , but I just can't find anything childish or ugly in it .
Nonetheless , as you were clearly disturbed by it , I apologize for that , as disturbing you with my opinion was certainly not my intent .
( And I similarly reject the silly suggestion that I have some secret motivation in " trying to make sure nobody associates this place with an anti-Obama blog . "
That is similarly silly and without merit .
And , if it troubles you that I feel that way , I am sorry in advance for troubling you as , again , that is neither my interest nor intent . )
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:09 pm PT ...
... some people thinks ya can stop a freight train or a turn around a ship on a dime . . .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:11 pm PT ...
Your boorish response does n't make any sense because Obama certainly lived through those eight years with us , and can hardly be called naïve , unless you 're Hillary Clinton , and except maybe that he did n't realize his daughters would be held at gunpoint if he did n't go along with certain programs ... or whatever it is that would make a Constitutional scholar behave this way .
I do n't think you can equate my not wishing to belabor it further while linking to a very lengthy article with a long audio with laziness either .
And pardon me for assuming you were up to date enough not to come back at me with your idiotic piece about " laughable " .
You asshole !
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:12 pm PT ...
A flood of foreclosures are coming down on our heads because the moratorium on them was only through the winter , not as advertised until new contracts could be negotiated to keep people in their homes .
This administration continues to fatten the bankers rather than put a safety net under the masses going jobless and homeless .
Pakistani civilians are being murdered by drones on Obama 's orders .
Palestinian civilians are being exterminated with Obama 's help .
The swift withdrawal of troops from Iraq Obama promised has grown less swift over the last few months and even the Iraqi deadline he told the troops last week was going to be met has been countered by Odierno .
Though we 're not 100 % certainly not attending Durban II next week , it has been an ugly , ugly process so far and there seems to be agreement there is little chance he 's going to get the courage to attend .
He has appointed a bunch of officials with egregious conflicts of interest or who are noted enemies of the people with whom they are slated to deal .
He has put persons largely responsible for the economic meltdown in charge of melting it down further .
He is actively working against the integrity of the Constitution .
He is practically jumping out his own asshole to avoid the administration of justice to criminals of the worst sort .
His much heralded decree against torture turns out to have had a loophole you could drive a truck through and none of it covers Bagram .
99 , I have no argument with you here .
However I still cannot see how you can say he 's worse than Shrub .
Not yet , anyway .
He reversed some of the more egregious stuff under Shrub , for example this ( Global Gag Rule ) : http://us.oneworld.net/a...g-rule-key-womens-health
You 'd NEVER find Shrub doing that .
And Obama actually seems to have a care for the environment .
So ... yeah he 's bad , real bad in some ways .
But compared to Shrub ?
Believe me , put the two side by side , and who ya gonna pick ?
Yeah , that 's right .
The tall one , every time .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:28 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~
I 'll bet she would have much rather seen Captain Phillips Executed Too . . .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:38 pm PT ...
Lora
Some ways he 's worse : [ 1 ]
We expect more from him , and will take too long recognizing we 're not getting it ... which sums up to lives lost . [ 2 ]
He has surpassed * in outrageousness of indefensible legal arguments . [ 3 ]
* did not ignore eight years of solid Constitution shredding and war crimes behind him . [ 4 ]
The entire world has been desperate for Obama to come in and halt the perfidies perpetrated and perpetuated by * and Fudd , and instead he is continuing them , only speaking suavely about it instead of belligerently .
He 's put millions off their guard with his mouth alone ... which , again , sums up to lives lost .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:41 pm PT ...
I guess I should add that , since the election is over , we do n't have to pick one evil over another anymore .
We can just go bloody postal to tune this one up .
Or lay back and let the ruin be wreaked without a peep .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:52 pm PT ...
Well , and I agree , the women 's health thing rocks , but taxing smokers to pay for SCHIP is fucked up ... the one thing * accidentally got right .
Obama 's ideas about health coverage suck , even if his ideas about healthcare are better , because he is bent on leaving the profit mongers in place when millions need and deserve complete coverage and can't afford the premiums he will impose on them .
This is not because he believes this way is better , but because the corporate big boys are less likely to kick .
He never even bent a hair toward single payer during all the close attention I have paid to him since 2004 .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:55 pm PT ...
The problem , 99 , as I see it , is that you 're saying " trying to move forward and make change " is " as bad " as the Shrub and his war crimes .
While I 'm very pissed that Obama is n't going after the Shrub , I understand that it would be political fodder ( for those silly ignorant right - wing types ) and would distract from moving forward .
The problem I have is we 're not moving forward .
That , to me , is not the same as 8 years of Constitution shredding and wanton war for profits for friends ..
Obama may be lacking , but he 's no Shrub .
not to my thinking .
And that is WITH his following the Shrub on " national security " and these illegal syping games ..
THAT pisses me off , and it's more of the same , but Obama has already been 1000 x better than the Shrub , and that 's after 3 months .
do n't get me wrong , that 's no where near enough to make me happy .. walking a straight line after the most fucktarded drooler in history left office does n't impress me as " change " ....
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/12/2009 @ 8:58 pm PT ...
Seriously , follow that link I provided .
The entire system is corrupted , and Obama is just a cog in that machine .
He is n't about really changing it , he 's about trying to make the impossible , possible .
That is n't going to work .
We 've evolved past menial labor ; menial labor only benefits the precious few .
We should have been on the moon , and now mars , 10 to 15 years ago .. instead , we 're just now promoting ( sorta ) e-cigs ( http://www.e-cigarette-forum.com you might want to google that , too .. it will supplant the tax soon enough ) .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:04 pm PT ...
No , no , trying to move forward and make change rocks , Savantster .
That 's not what he 's doing , as you point out .
You just have to check to see how silly the whole moving forward argument is against prosecuting war criminals .
You DO NOT move forward and make change when rapists and murderers commit crimes without prosecuting them in the bargain .
Neither do you move forward and make change without prosecuting * administration crimes .
As Greenwald pointed out at the link I gave when I started in here , it 's completely illegal for the Obama administration to be trying to snake out of such prosecution .
There is already evidence out there that is illegal to ignore .
And what kind of change are we getting ?
More shredding of the Constitution , more troops deployed and more innocent civilians slaughtered .
That 's not moving forward , except if you mean moving forward as we have been moving forward for the last eight years .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:18 pm PT ...
illegal versus immoral or unethical ..
I do n't know that it's " illegal " not to prosecute crimes , but I sure know it 's immoral .
That aside , if you follow the paradigm that " terrorists are out there " , and we have some kind of " enemy " , then Afghanistan is logical .. sorta ..
Compared to what the Shrub did ?
And a lot of the domestic spending and the like , does a LOT to undo the damage by the Shrub and the right - wing over the past 8 years .. that can't be denied .
Now , is that enough ?
Does that " fix things " ?
no .. but , again , you have to follow that link to see why .
Obama is just another of those put in power FOR US , not BY us , because the status quo wants to project change without making real change .
Do I think Obama is " intentionally " screwing us ? .. I do n't know , he might just be a patsy ..
After all , most humans are pretty simple ..
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:23 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ... ~
Humans crack me ... some actually think their shit do n't stink . . .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 4/12/2009 @ 9:27 pm PT ...
Savantster , I think you forgot to give the link ... or I can't find it anyway .
It 's also my position that even if he were a prince domestically , which he absolutely is not , and does n't appear to want to be , not badly enough to fight for it anyway , the hardship and destruction and injury and death we are causing around the world are more important to the whole world , all humankind , the planet , and he 's getting a D- already on that stuff .
Food for thought .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/13/2009 @ 11:29 am PT ...
up at 20 , sorry ..
http://www.thezeitgeistmovement.com/ or there .. heh
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/13/2009 @ 8:23 pm PT ...
Mmmmmm ..... sea legs ......
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 4/13/2009 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
Dem 's good eatin ' !!!
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... oldturk said on 4/14/2009 @ 3:40 am PT ...
Clabs , crams , and Alaskan King Lobsta - a buffet goers delight .
Would you like a complementary steaming pot of hot tea ( bags ) with that ?
Hold the Hollandaise sauce if you would , .. please , .. the Fascists have a tendency to get over excited , .. then it is so difficult to get them to re-focus , .. on anything but their or somebody else 's genitals .
There ought to be some kind of a law about that , .. that is less hedonistic and more in accordance with " Family Values " .
~ Amen ~
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Damail said on 4/16/2009 @ 9:49 pm PT ...
A quarter of a million Americans came out and spoke out against the insane fiscal policy that is being propagated , and so MSLSD thinks it can belittle the whole operation by cracking lewd sexual slurs ?
Wo n't work .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 4/17/2009 @ 2:20 pm PT ...
The Bread Art Project
FIGHTING HUNGER ONE SLICE AT A TIME
CHALLENGE
Hunger in our nation is an often forgotten problem .
The Feeding America campaign educates the public about the impact of hunger through investment in marketing and communications , advocacy and cutting - edge research .
A lack of awareness is the biggest hurdle in the battle to fight and end hunger .
INSIGHT
In 2008 , in the midst of the economic downturn and resulting recession , nearly 17 million children , or 22.5 percent , lived in households in which food at times was scarce — 4 million children more than the year before .
And the number of youngsters who sometimes were outright hungry rose from nearly 700,000 to almost 1.1 million .
STRATEGY
GFF and its members wanted to find a way to give to those in need .
Rather than simply write a check , GFF used social media tools to raise awareness of the issue of hunger in America while generating consumer engagement and sharing through a fun and interactive campaign .
CREATIVE SOLUTION
GFF created BreadArtProject.com where consumers could create a personalized piece of bread art at no cost by uploading a favorite drawing or photo , or designing a new one online using a digital slice of bread as a canvas .
For each piece of bread art created , GFF donated $ 1 to Feeding America .
One dollar provides seven meals or four bags of groceries to the 25 million people served by food banks annually .
RESULTS
The campaign drove consumer participation with GFF to unprecedented levels .
In 2009 , visitors to BreadArtProject.com created more than 25,000 pieces of Bread Art and helped raise $ 100,000 for Feeding America .
The campaign is still widely recognized in the industry and amongst GFF investors as one of the most successful in the organization ’s history .
Media Coverage
Social
Creative
Check Rio Tinto share price
The world 's third - largest mining firm , Rio Tinto , is cutting 14,000 jobs as part of plans to reduce its debt by $ 10 bn ( £ 6.8 bn ) by the end of next year .
It also plans to defer some of its planned spending on exploration and combine its two London offices .
Rio Tinto , which is listed in the UK and Australia , currently employs 97,000 people worldwide .
It said it was responding to " the unprecedented rapidity and severity of the global economic downturn " .
In the past few months , Rio Tinto has been fending off a takeover approach from rival BHP Billiton , which finally abandoned its offer in November .
Price moves Rio Tinto said that closing one of its London offices would not necessarily lead to job cuts .
Less than 2 % of its workforce are based in the UK .
Those attempts by Rio to generate cash and thus reduce its massive borrowings of $ 39bn will cause disappointment and indeed hardship in many communities all over the world
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
Read Robert Peston 's blog
It said that the job cuts would comprise 8,500 contractors and 5,500 employees .
As a global miner , Rio Tinto is very sensitive to commodities prices and exchange rates .
It benefited from soaring metals prices in the first half of the year , but has since suffered as they have fallen back .
But falling oil prices have been good news for it - a $ 1 - a - barrel fall in the price of oil adds about $ 11 m to the group 's earnings .
Debt problems Rio Tinto 's shares ended Wednesday trading up 256 pence to just above £ 15 , although they are still well off the year 's high above £ 70 a share .
Analysts say the level of its debt has been one of the factors depressing the company 's value .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme " Their share price has been really slaughtered because of that debt and the BHP bid falling over , " said Peter Chilton at Constellation Capital Management in Sydney .
" Probably the biggest issue is the net debt they have got . "
Its net debt stands at almost $ 40bn , which will be more expensive to finance in future as a result of the credit crunch .
But there is some concern that cutting back on spending on exploration will hit growth prospects .
" This goes a long way to ensuring they have enough cash over the next two years to make their debt payments , " said Glyn Lawcock at UBS in Sydney .
" The question now is which projects they have to give up .
That will determine the growth prospects for the company and its relative attractiveness . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Oxfam warns the current relief system can barely cope
The number of people hit by climate - related disasters is expected to rise by about 50 % , to reach 375 m a year by 2015 , the UK - based charity Oxfam says .
Current humanitarian systems are barely able to cope , an Oxfam study contends .
It warns agencies are in danger of being overwhelmed by events such as flooding , storms and drought .
The group called for a radical shift so that humanitarian aid is sent impartially , instead of on the basis of political or other preferences .
Oxfam 's Rob Bailey told the BBC a big increase was needed in aid spending , but that the problem was not just about the amount of money .
" We need to see that money spent in better ways , " he said .
" At the moment , poor people in the developing world who are facing up to these disasters , they are almost facing a kind of lottery on a global scale . "
He said that in 2004 , the equivalent of more than $ 1,200 ( £ 823 ) was spent on each victim of the Asian tsunami , compared with just $ 23 per person for the recent crisis in Chad .
" There 's a huge mismatch in where the money goes , " said Mr Bailey .
Oxfam is also calling for a greater focus on helping countries and communities to prevent , and prepare for the suffering that climate change will cause .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This is a tit - based spoof of Street Fighter 2 .
Karate women face off in a pit fighting tournament where the winner takes home naked pictures of other women .
Like in all fighting games , they come from varied backgrounds and cultures .
There 's a girl in a swimsuit and matching bird - shaped hat , a fat pro wrestler , a ballerina in her lingerie and a woman who 's just wearing a snake .
Unlike other games where they come together for the glory of victory or the conquering of some retarded combat - dimension - thing , the fighting spirit that binds these noble warrior souls together is the fact that most of their martial art techniques revolve around showing their panties to one other .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Eroticism : 3/10
There were a lot of half - naked people already in Street Fighter 2 , so the actual game does n't even seem unusually erotic .
Yes , I understand there is something wrong with an industry when a group of women kicking the crap out of each other in thongs is totally normal , but fuck that ; I 'm not a sociologist .
I 'm just telling you that probably nothing in this game is going to turn you on until you win a picture of a naked girl .
If you can get off to this , I hope you 're reading from
inside something with a good lock on it .
Unfortunately , that 's when it gets a little bit creepy .
Before the camera pans down her strategically blurred body , there 's an inept attempt by the graphic artists to make it look like the girl 's winking at you .
A stupid graphic of an eyelid slides over one eye then disappears .
And I do n't know if you 've ever seen anyone wink without moving the rest of their face , but it looks less like flirting and more like a horrible sleepy - waky baby doll with a broken eyeball .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Gah !
Nudity Challenge : 7/10
You only earn pictures of naked women if you beat the game on a high level of difficulty , and the fact that each character has a total of three possible attacks makes it hard to keep your enemies guessing .
And Strip Fighter 2's controls are so unresponsive , you usually can't tell which of the women you 're supposed to be controlling .
I forgot , am I the fatty or the bird - headed Indian ?
And more importantly , how in the name of balls can I masturbate to either ?
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The missile North Korea is expected to launch as soon as this weekend appears to have a bulb - shaped nose cone consistent with a satellite payload , rather than a warhead , U.S. defence officials said on Tuesday .
A commercial satellite image of the Musudan - ri missile test site showed a Taepodong - 2 missile with a bulb - shaped payload cover , said the officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
The image was posted March 29 on the Web site of the Institute for Science and International Security , or ISIS , a Washington - based group devoted to informing the public on security issues including nuclear weapons .
The bulb shape is similar to the current nose cone standard for military and commercial satellite launches , concluded officials including analysts at the U.S. Air Force ’s National Air and Space Intelligence Centre in Dayton , Ohio .
The same design is used by the United States , Russia , China and the European Space Agency , the analysts said .
North Korea said it will launch a satellite into space April 4 - 8 and issued a notice to mariners about potentially hazardous conditions in the North Pacific between 3 a.m. and 8 a.m.
British time each day beginning on Saturday .
One official said the bulb shape gives credence to North Korea ’s contention that it intends to launch a satellite .
The nose of a missile with a warhead design would be more likely to be cone - shaped .
North Korea is under mounting international pressure over the launch plan because neighbouring countries and the United States view it as the test of a ballistic missile capable of reaching Hawaii .
A Taepodong - 2 test in 2006 failed .
The United States , Japan and South Korea are deploying missile - interceptor ships in the area .
“ They probably are launching a satellite .
But the issue is that the steps they ’re going through to do that run parallel to them being able to have other capabilities , ” senior ISIS analyst Paul Brannan said .
Brannan said he did not believe the image on the ISIS Web site showed definitively that the missile carries a bulb - shaped payload cover but suggested defence analysts could be comparing it to classified images of far greater clarity .
“ The significance of the photo is that it ’s the first time you could really see the missile itself .
Leading up to then , you could n’t see it , ” Brannan said .
“ The fact you can see it so clearly on one photo versus the past ones indicated to us that they ’d probably been shrouding it . ”
U.S. defence officials said a successful satellite launch , expected as early as late Saturday morning in Korea , would bolster Pyongyang ’s ballistic missile program .
“ It would mean they can use multistage boosters to get a payload to a certain point .
That ’s half way to bringing a re-entry vehicle back into the atmosphere , ” said one official .
Proliferation experts believe the North does not have the technology to miniaturize a nuclear device for a warhead , but might be able to place a biological or dirty bomb in a conventional warhead .
Pyongyang ’s only nuclear test in 2006 was seen as a partial success .
MTV released Eminem ’s new “ We Made You ” music video yesterday on their site , and I must say this has got to be one of his most funniest videos to date .
The “ We Made You ” song is the first single to be released off his upcoming album entitled “ Relapse ” .
It also features a chorus that is sung by a soulful newcomer , Charmagne Tripp .
This is his first solo single in the past five years .
It is produced by none other than Dr. Dre .
The video was produced by Joseph Kahn who also shot his Grammy award winning video “ Without Me ” from one of his previous albums entitled “ The Eminem Show ” back in 2002 .
The video was shot in Las Vegas and has cameo appearances from Dr. Dre , 50 Cent , Kon Artis , Vanilla Ice , Bobby Lee , pornographic actress Lisa Ann , and The Palms hotel owner George Maloof .
The video premiered on several MTV channels , April 7,2009 .
The video was shot in the Palms hotel and casino on April 3,2009 and contains a lot of funny spoofs on big celebrity names like : Jessica Simpson , John Mayer , Jennifer Aniston , Lindsay Lohan , Kim Kardashian , Bret Michaels , Amy Winehouse , Britney Spears , Sarah Palin , Ellen DeGeneres , Portia de Rossi , Blake Fielder - Civil , Tony Romo , the Rock Band games and more .
The video is extremely halarious , and the song also sounds pretty good .
It has a very unique beat to it along with Eminem ’s very talented lyrical ability .
Check out Eminem ’s “ We Made You ” music video below :
Days after the Baghdad government decided it no longer wanted the company then known as Blackwater in Iraq , the State Department signed a $ 22.2 million deal in February to keep the embattled contractor working there through most of the summer , contract records show .
The decision keeps Blackwater - since renamed Xe - in Iraq months longer than anyone has suggested publicly , while raising questions about why the U.S. would pay a contractor for work in Iraq if it may not be able to operate there legally .
The State Department has been under pressure from Blackwater critics , including several in Congress , not to renew the company ’s contracts in Iraq .
Much of the concern stems from a 2007 incident that left 14 Iraqi civilians dead and six former Blackwater guards facing manslaughter charges .
One of the guards pleaded guilty , but the company was accused of no wrongdoing in the incident .
In late January , the Iraqi government said it would not renew Blackwater ’s operating license and that the company would have to leave as soon as a joint Iraqi - U.S. committee completes its work on guidelines for the operation of private security companies .
State Department officials said they would honor the decision .
On Feb. 2 , a department spokesman was asked whether officials planned to renew one of Blackwater ’s contracts past May .
The spokesman , Robert Wood , said the department had told Blackwater “ we did not plan to renew the company ’s existing task force orders for protective security details in Iraq . ”
But records available through a federal procurement database show that on that same day , the State Department approved a $ 22.2 million contract modification for Blackwater “ security personnel ” in Iraq , with a job completion date of Sept. 3 , 2009 .
“ Why would you continue to use Blackwater when the Iraqi government has banned the highly controversial company and there are other choices ? ” asked Melanie Sloan , executive director of the nonpartisan Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
State Department spokesman Noel Clay said the contract modification involves aviation services .
“ The place of performance is Iraq , but it is totally different than the Baghdad one that expires in May , ” he said .
Ms. Sloan called the State Department ’s explanation of the Feb. 2 deal a “ parsing of words ” and said “ they should just be straight with us . ”
Xe spokeswoman Anne Tyrell declined to comment on the status of the company ’s work in Iraq or the Feb. 2 contract modification .
She said the company was aware that the State Department had indicated that it did not plan to renew its contracts in Iraq but that Xe officials had not received specific information about leaving the country .
“ We ’re following their direction , ” she said .
The Iraqi Embassy in Washington had no comment on the Blackwater contract when contacted on Monday .
The State Department has given clear indications for months that the Iraqi government might not be renewing Blackwater ’s operating license .
Harold W. Geisel , the State Department ’s inspector general , told the congressionally mandated Commission on Wartime Contracting at a Feb. 2 hearing that officials were awaiting the outcome of an FBI report into the 2007 shooting incident before deciding whether to keep Blackwater in Iraq .
“ The issue is not only one of , well , what we would like to do , but it also is to some extent what the department can do , ” Mr. Geisel said of decisions about the future of Blackwater ’s role in Iraq , according to a transcript of the hearing .
“ Blackwater had certain assets that the department determined the other contractors did not have , ” he said , citing the company ’s 24 aircraft as an example .
Nonetheless , Mr. Geisel said his office did “ advise the department that they better start planning for when the Iraqis say this is it with Blackwater .
And without getting into diplomatic negotiations , I believe the department is planning for this eventuality , which is clearly not too far off . ”
Scott Amey , general counsel for the Project on Government Oversight , a nonprofit group that investigates federal contracting , said the State Department ’s decision to continue paying Blackwater for security in Iraq raises broader questions about federal procurement practices .
“ This case highlights the fact that the U.S. government over - relies on contractors and that it is n’t in a position to hold them accountable , ” he said .
“ Continuing to do new business with questionable actors flies in the face of spreading trust , peace and democracy around the world . ”
The contractor , based in North Carolina , recently underwent a big shake - up .
The company changed its name to Xe , pronounced “ zee , ” last month .
Also , a subsidiary , Blackwater Lodge and Training Center , which secured the State Department ’s $ 22.2 million contract modification , was renamed .
Blackwater founder Erik Prince and company President Gary Jackson have resigned .
Mr. Prince has donated nearly a quarter - million dollars over the years to political causes .
More than half of the donations went to the National Republican Congressional Committee and the Republican National Committee , according to a 2007 Democrat - led House committee report , citing data from the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
Blackwater also had spent hundreds of thousands of dollars lobbying Congress , according to Senate records .
It contributed between $ 10,001 and $ 25,000 to former President Bill Clinton ’s charitable foundation .
Mr. Clinton released the donor information last year to avoid conflict - of - interest questions about his fundraising activities and the duties of his wife , Hillary Rodham Clinton , as President Obama ’s secretary of state .
Despite any political good will that the company might have generated from its lobbying and political activities , it was unable to dodge fallout from the Sept. 16 , 2007 , shooting incident in Baghdad , in which prosecutors said six former guards went on an unprovoked rampage , shooting innocent Iraqi civilians .
Five of the former guards have pleaded not guilty to manslaughter charges , while a sixth pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter .
Attorneys for the former guards say they fired in self - defense .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Farmer Tom Chino tends to his family farm in the early morning hours in Ranch Santa Fe , California in this October 5 , 2007 file photo .
REUTERS / Mike Blake
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Secretary of Energy Steven
Chu warned climate change could wipe out California ’s farms by the end of the century by destroying snowpack that supplies vital water to the nation ’s top agriculture state , the Los Angeles Times reported on Wednesday .
In his first interview since taking office last month , the Nobel Prize - winning physicist said his home state would suffer some of the most devastating effects of global warming if the nation did not act to slow its advance .
“ I do n’t think the American public has gripped in its gut what could happen , ” Chu told the newspaper .
“ We ’re looking at a scenario where there ’s no more agriculture in California .
“ I do n’t actually see how they can keep their cities going , ” he added .
Chu , renowned for his work on clean energy , is pivotal in President Barack Obama ’s plan to fight climate change by promoting alternative , renewable energy and cutting use of fossil fuels that produce heat - trapping greenhouse gases .
Chu said in a worst case , up to 90 percent of the Sierra snowpack could disappear , all but eliminating the natural storage system that feeds the valleys at the heart of the state ’s $ 35 billion farm industry .
California supplies more than half of America ’s fruits , vegetables and nuts .
Last week , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger told California ’s farmers to prepare for a third straight year of drought due to low Sierra snow levels and some of the state ’s top farming counties may get little or no deliveries of water .
It emerged today that more than 5 million copies of a series of books based on Instruction Manual for People with Type B Blood­ appealing in particular to women in their twenties and thirties - have reportedly been bought so far this year , according to its distributors Tohan .
PREVIOUS POST
From the Annals of Fauxprundity : THIS STORY IS ABOUT GRANT MORRISON WRITING THIS STORY !
Two or three years back , tomemos and I were discussing Grant Morrison 's
The Invisibles and he said something like , " Morrison is the ultimate ' either / or ' author writing today : you either love and appreciate him or hate and are incapable of understanding why other people appreciate him . "
Until this week , I never understood quite what he meant .
With most polarizing literary figures — Pynchon , Barthelme , Acker , Wallace , and so forth — even when a person chokes on the air of consuete affectation , he still understands why other readers happily inhale it .
Pound might not be your bag , for example , but you understand why someone else would stick his head in it .
It also works the other way around : I love Ulysses , but I can understand why an intelligent person would just as soon chute the book as read it .
Except with Grant Morrison .
The chapter Wolk devotes to him in Reading Comics scans like a fanboy 's paean to a body of work he barely understands :
It 's smart and complicated , and sometimes rushed and baffling , but mostly it 's awesome , and where The Invisibles occasionally kicks back to indulge in its metaphysical side , Seven Soldiers starts hammering the FUN !!!
button on its first page and never really stops .
Still , it 's loaded to the gills with subtext .
It doubles as a Kabbalistic parable that also discusses the relationship between two - dimensional and three - dimensional existence and features symbolic correspondences with the chakras and the elements and planets — nearly every character , object , and incident in it has some kind of distinct allegorical value .
The symbolism , as clear as it is , is almost never made explicit , but if you 're looking for it , it 's there on every page .
( 278 ) What can a critic do with a paragraph in which someone praises Morrison for writing an obliquely - allegorical new - age amphibian with a fun-button ?
Nothing .
So this past week I sat down and read reams and reams of Morrison ( about 70 percent of the material on this bibliography ) and came to the conclusion that tomemos knows of what he speaks — because now I both hate Grant Morrison and am incapable of seeing why anyone appreciates him .
Why ?
Because in the end every Grant Morrison story is about Grant Morrison writing stories .
Consider the final issue of his run on Animal Man ( 1990 ) : Morrison inserts himself into the story so his character , Animal Man , can learn he 's a character in the comic Animal Man .
This scene works because for two years the book had relentlessly fiddled with its meta-fictional conceit .
( As with , for example , the Passion of Wiley E. Coyete . )
Moreover , the consequences of this meta-fictional interaction work within the confines the of the narrative : Buddy Baker had been distraught over the murder of his wife and children , and as a result of his conversation with Morrison , they are resurrected ( none the wiser for their grisly murders ) and returned to him by the end of the issue .
The narrative ruptures draw attention to the conventional features of comics as a genre .
They differ in degree from the sort of formal ...
Today we are introducing Amazon Elastic MapReduce , our new Hadoop - based processing service .
I ’ll spend a few minutes talking about the generic MapReduce concept and then I ’ll dive in to the details of this exciting new service .
Over the past 3 or 4 years , scientists , researchers , and commercial developers have recognized and embraced the MapReduce programming model .
Originally described in a landmark paper , the MapReduce model is ideal for processing large data sets on a cluster of processors .
It is easy to scale up a MapReduce application to jobs of arbitrary size by simply adding more compute power .
Here ’s a very simple overview of the data flow in a typical MapReduce job :
Given that you have enough computing hardware , MapReduce takes care of splitting up the input data into chunks of more or less equal size , spinning up a number of processing instances for the map phase ( which must , by definition , be something that can be broken down into independent , parallelizable work units ) apportioning the data to each of the mappers , tracking the status of each mapper , routing the map results to the reduce phase , and finally shutting down the mappers and the reducers when the work has been done .
It is easy to scale up MapReduce to handle bigger jobs or to produce results in a shorter time by simply running the job on a larger cluster .
Hadoop is an open source implementation of the MapReduce programming model .
If you ’ve got the hardware , you can follow the directions in the Hadoop Cluster Setup documentation and , with some luck , be up and running before too long .
Developers the world over seem to think that the MapReduce model is easy to understand and easy to work in to their thought process .
After a while they tend to report that they begin to think in terms of the new style , and then see more and more applications for it .
Once they start to show that the model has a genuine business model ( e.g. better results , faster ) demand for hardware resources increases rapidly .
Like any true viral success , one team shows great results and before too long everyone in the organization wants to do something similar .
For example , Yahoo ! uses Hadoop on a very large scale .
A little over a year ago they reported that they were able to use the power of over 10,000 processor cores to generate a web map to power Yahoo !
Search .
This is Rufus , the “ first dog ” of our AWS Developer Relations team .
As you can see , he ’s scaled up quite well since his debut on this very blog three years ago .
Your problems may start out like the puppy - sized version of Rufus but will quickly grow into the full - scale 95 pound version .
Over the past year or two a number of our customers have told us that they are running large Hadoop jobs on Amazon EC2 .
There ’s some good info on how to do this here and also here .
AWS Evangelist Jinesh Varia covered the concept in a blog post last year , and also went into considerable detail in his Cloud Architectures white paper .
Given our belief in the power of the MapReduce programming style and the knowledge that many developers are already running Hadoop jobs of impressive size in our cloud , we wanted to find a way to make this important technology accessible to even more people .
Today we are rolling out Amazon Elastic MapReduce .
Using Elastic MapReduce , you can create , run , monitor , and control Hadoop jobs with point - and - click ease .
You do n’t have to go out and buys scads of hardware .
You do n’t have to rack it , network it , or administer it .
You do n’t have to worry about running out of resources or sharing them with other members of your organization .
You do n’t have to monitor it , tune it , or spend time upgrading the system or application software on it .
You can run world - scale jobs anytime you would like , while remaining focused on your results .
Note that I said jobs ( plural ) , not job .
Subject to the number of EC2 instances you are allowed to run , you can start up any number of MapReduce jobs in parallel .
You can always request an additional allocation of EC2 instances here .
Processing in Elastic MapReduce is centered around the concept of a Job Flow .
Each Job Flow can contain one or more Steps .
Each step inhales a bunch of data from Amazon S3 , distributes it to a specified number of EC2 instances running Hadoop ( spinning up the instances if necessary ) , does all of the work , and then writes the results back to S3 .
Each step must reference application - specific “ mapper ” and / or “ reducer ” code ( Java JARs or scripting code for use via the Streaming model ) .
We ’ve also included the Aggregate Package with built - in support for a number of common operations such as Sum , Min , Max , Histogram , and Count .
You can get a lot done before you even start to write code !
We ’re providing three distinct access routes to Elastic MapReduce .
You have complete control via the Elastic MapReduce API , you can use the Elastic MapReduce command - line tools , or you can go all point - and - click with the Elastic MapReduce tab within the AWS Management Console !
Let ’s take a look at each one .
The Elastic MapReduce API represents the fundamental , low - level entry point into the system .
Action begins with the RunJobFlow function .
This call is used to create a Job Flow with one or more steps inside .
It accepts an EC2 instance type , an EC2 instance count , a description of each step ( input bucket , output bucket , mapper , reducer , and so forth ) and returns a Job Flow Id .
This one call is equivalent to buying , configuring , and booting up a whole rack of hardware .
The call itself returns in a second or two and the job is up and running in a matter of minutes .
Once you have a Job Flow Id , you can add additional processing steps ( while the job is running ! ) using AddJobFlowSteps .
You can see what ’s running with DescribeJobFlows , and you can shut down one or more jobs using TerminateJobFlows .
The Elastic MapReduce client is a command - line tool written in Ruby .
The client can invoke each of the functions I ’ve already described .
You can create , augment , describe , and terminate Job Flows from the command line .
Finally , you can use the new Elastic MapReduce tab of the AWS Management Console to create , augment , describe , and terminate job flows from the comfort of your web browser !
Here are a few screen shots to whet your appetite :
I ’m pretty psyched about the fact that we are giving our users access to such a powerful programming model in a form that ’s really easy to use .
Whether you use the console , the API , or the command - line tools , you ’ll be able to focus on the job at hand instead of spending your time wandering through dark alleys in the middle of the night searching for more hardware .
What do you think ?
Is this cool , or what ?
— Jeff ;
Some 15 % believe in fortune telling or Tarot The majority of Britons believe in heaven and life after death , new research suggests .
The survey of 2,060 people showed 55 % believe in heaven , while 53 % believe in life after death and 70 % believe in the human soul .
The study was carried out between October and November last year for the public theology think tank Theos .
It also suggested that nearly four in 10 people , 39 % , believe in ghosts and 27 % believe in reincarnation .
A further 22 % believe in astrology or horoscopes and 15 % believe in fortune telling or Tarot .
The think tank said the findings were " especially striking " when compared to the 1950s .
Then only 10 % of the public told Gallup that they believed in ghosts and just 2 % thought they had seen one .
More sceptical
In 1951 , only 7 % of people said they believed in predicting the future by cards and 6 % by stars .
But the latest research showed an increase in scepticism about certain aspects of the supernatural , the organisation said .
In a 1998 Mori poll , 18 % of the public said they believed in fortune telling or tarot , and 38 % in astrology .
A further 40 % said they believed in ghosts , and 15 % said that they had personal experience of ghosts .
Theos director Paul Woolley said : " The enlightenment optimism in the ability of science and reason to explain everything ended decades ago .
" The extent of belief will probably surprise people , but the finding is consistent with other research we have undertaken .
" The results indicate that people have a very diverse and unorthodox set of beliefs .
Our research may point to a slight increase in scepticism about aspects of the supernatural over the last 10 years . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The game of LIFE as model of artificial life illustrates that simple rules can have complex consequences :
If a cell has less than 2 neighboring cells , it dies of loneliness and boredom .
If a cell has more than 3 neighboring cells , it dies of overpopulation .
If an empty grid is surrounded by 3 cells , a new cell is born on that grid .
Invented by British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970 ; LIFE has been a frequent subject of study in computer science .
Ideally , LIFE should be played on an invinite plane , so that the lifeform can grow infinitely .
Since we have no such luxury , this implementation assumes a limited 2D space which wraps around the edges .
But Summers , a leading architect of the administration ’s economic policies and response to the global recession , appears to have collected the most income .
Financial institutions including JP Morgan , Citigroup , Goldman Sachs , Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch paid Summers for speaking appearances in 2008 .
Fees ranged from $ 45,000 for a Nov. 12 Merrill Lynch appearance to $ 135,000 for an April 16 visit to Goldman Sachs , according to his disclosure form .
-- via Summers Raked in Speaking Fees from Wall Street .
So I guess that $ 45,000 speaking fee from Merrill Lynch was n’t technically a bribe because Summers was n’t named to Obama ’s Economic Transition Team until November 24 — a full twelve days later .
I ’m sure Summers had absolutely no inkling whatsoever that he was going to be one of the key advisers to the new administration back on November 12 .
It likewise makes perfect sense that Merrill Lynch , a company just months removed from having to be rescued from bankruptcy by an eleventh - hour , pseudo - state - subsidized buyout by Bank of America , would decide to spend $ 45,000 on a speaking appearance by Larry Summers because , well , they really valued his economic expertise and his proven ability to rally the troops with his stirring rhetoric .
It certainly had nothing to do with the fact that a ) it was eight days after a Democrat was elected to the presidency , and b ) Summers had a long history of being one of the key policymakers in Democratic Party politics , and c ) Merrill was absolutely not going to survive more than a few more months unless taxpayers forked over another twenty billion or so to cover the giant hole in Merrill ’s balance sheet that was , at that time , still being hidden from Bank of America and its shareholders .
And how about that $ 135,000 appearance for Goldman , Sachs back in April , when Summers was already involved with Democratic Party politics again ?
That was n’t a surreptitious campaign contribution at all !
But you have to give Goldman credit : they sure are thorough .
They literally leave no stone unturned .
One has to love the sequence of events here .
Back in 2004 , then - Goldman chief Hank Paulson goes to then - SEC - chief William Donaldson and petitions to have lending restrictions relaxed for the top - five investment banks .
Donaldson rolls over , the restrictions are relaxed , and it ’s a disaster , as the top five banks immediately overleverage themselves — two of the five , Bear and Lehman , would actually collapse , at least partially as a result of being insanely overleveraged .
In this midst of this disaster , Paulson is named Treasury Secretary .
He does nothing about the worsening financial crisis until it is far too late , then allows one of Goldman ’s biggest competitors , Lehman , to fail while at the same time intervening on a huge scale to save AIG , which just happens to owe Goldman a ton of money .
When AIG is bailed out , its government regulator is not in the room , but the new chief of Goldman , Lloyd Blankfein , is .
In fact , Goldman Sachs ultimately receives about $ 13 billion of the money paid to AIG by the government in the bailout , reportedly getting paid 100 cents on the dollar for its AIG exposure , despite the fact that the bank claimed it was n’t going to suffer severe losses if AIG collapsed .
Later , another former Goldman executive , Ed Liddy , is installed as head of AIG — which just happens to get bailed out twice more , the last time to the tune of an additional $ 30 billion .
The last two bailouts of AIG take place after a former Goldman chief , Robert Rubin ( who incidentally helped start this mess by ramming through a series of i-banker wet dream deregulatory moves as Treasury Secretary for Clinton in the 90s ) , is named to the Obama transition team , joining Summers ( who has already taken $ 135 K from Goldman that year ) and Timothy Geithner ( a protege of another Goldman alum , former president and COO and notorious scumbag John Thain ) .
When it comes time for new Treasury Secretary Geithner to name a chief of staff , he chooses Mark Patterson , who is less than a year removed from working as a lobbyist for …
Goldman , Sachs .
Patterson ’s great contribution to society as a Goldman lobbyist was opposing a 2007 measure introduced in the Senate by then - presidential candidate Barack Obama to rein in executive compensation .
I remember watching Obama the presidential candidate give a speech in Mason City , Iowa back in 2007 .
Obama had made a big show of not having registered lobbyists working for his campaign and he promised that lobbyists “ wo n’t work in my White House . ”
The line was a hit and became part of Obama ’s stump speech .
I must have heard it two dozen times .
A little over a year later , he put a registered lobbyist of a bailed - out investment bank in a job whose primary responsibility is adminstering bailout money .
It gets worse .
According to a Glenn Greenwald piece I just read , even Gary Gensler is a former Goldman employee .
That absolutely blows my mind .
Genlser is Obama ’s choice to head the Commodities Futures Trading Commission , whose purview is the derivatives market .
The CFTC was the battleground where ages ago Rubin , Summers , and then - Rubin - aide Gensler teamed up to whack then CFTC chief Brooksley Born , who had serious concerns about the burgeoning derivatives market , in particular the credit - default swap market .
Rubin overturned Born ’s recommendations and derivatives were freed from most regulation .
That economic Alamo led almost directly to the AIG disaster .
Think about this for a moment .
A former Goldman chief , Rubin , presses the CFTC to deregulate a type of derivative contract whose chief benefit to an investment bank like Goldman is that it allows it to lend more — the CDS being most useful as a tool to move investment risk off a bank ’s balance sheet .
Then another Goldman chief , Paulson , pushes for further relaxation of lending limits .
Then Goldman jumps head - first into the housing bubble , buying tens of billions in CDS protection to hedge their crazy investments .
This massive explosion in lending by banks like Goldman , fueled in part by the use of derivatives like CDS and fueled still more by the 2004 change in rules , puts an enormous strain on the economy , leading to giant holes blown in its hull by the end of 2007 and on through 2008 .
It follows that when Goldman ’s chief partners in those CDS deals , AIG , collapses as part of this wave of crashes , Paulson — now Treasury Secretary — rushes to the rescue , pumping billions in taxpayer money into AIG that is quickly funneled to Goldman .
Then a Goldman alum is put in charge of AIG while another bunch of Goldman alums funnels still more bailout money to AIG , and yet another Goldman alum is put in charge of regulating the derivative market that is the focus of most of the bailout efforts .
In the midst of all of this , something amazing happens .
Goldman Sachs , along with Bank of America , Morgan Stanley , and a host of other “ troubled ” banks , reports a profit for its first quarter in 2009 !
How and why that happened is another fascinating story , for another time .
For now the only thing to remember is that all the same people who got us into this mess — Rubin , Summers , Goldman in general — are now being put in charge of the cleanup by a president who spent most of 18 months on the campaign trail pledging to end the influence of money in politics .
Add this together with the obscene giveaway that is the Toxic Asset program Geither has just devised ( Goldman Sachs “ expressed interest in participating in the plan as an investor , ” according to the WSJ ) , and you have an amazing situation .
Between the Bush and Obama administrations , you have a bailout program that has now figured three ways to funnel money to Goldman , Sachs : via AIG , via TARP , and now via this trillion - dollar “ Public - Private Investment Program , ” which basically lends huge amounts of money to investors and provides guarantees against heavy losses .
It ’s free money , state - subsidized profiteering at its most naked .
I hear all the time from people who complain that it ’s naive to wonder why we put Wall Street executives in charge of policing Wall Street — that this is actually quite a sensible policy , because we need people with experience in that world making these decisions .
The reason people say this has nothing to do with reality and everything to do witht he fact that the financial markets are intimidatingly complex .
When Enron buys a seat at the table to conduct energy policy under the Bush administration , everyone knows what that is .
When Reagan hires notorious union - busters to run the NLRB , everyone knows what that is .
And when we hire investment bankers to run banking policy , and put investment bankers in charge of handing out bailout money to investment banks , we ought to know what that is .
But for some reason we do n’t seem to see it the same way , not as clearly .
In my mind this officially ends the Obama honeymoon .
I can maybe see one or two of these creeps in key positions .
But this many — it ’s an undeniable pattern .
He put William Lynn , a former Raytheon lobbyist , in the Pentagon as Deputy Defense Secretary .
A lot of people squawked about Obama ’s early lean towards John Brennan as CIA director because of his role in establishing the “ enhanced interrogation ” policies , but to me more significant was the fact that Brennan was the former chair of INSA ( Intelligence and National Security Alliance ) , which is sort of like the Chamber of Commerce of intelligence contractors .
Most importantly , I ’m sensing in these economic appointments a kind of drearily cynical parsing of the approval - rating situation here —
Obama knows he ’s still flying high with the “ Yes We Can ! ” t- shirt crowd , and knows that most people simply are not going to give a shit if he packs his Treasury Department with Goldman alums and lobbyists , despite the fact that he explicitly promised to do otherwise .
How are all those CHANGE posters looking now ?
_______
About author I 'm a political reporter for Rolling Stone magazine , a sports columnist for Men 's Journal , and I also write books for a Random House imprint called Spiegel and Grau .
My main ambition in life is to someday strangle that chick in the Progressive Insurance commercials who is always waving her hands back and forth and screaming , " Discount ! ! ! "
Anyone who has suggestions for how to dump her body without being caught is welcome to write to me .
I already have plenty of plastic and a staple - gun .
Leahy Bails on ' Truth Commission ' Plan Editor ’s Note : The U.S. government seems paralyzed at the prospect of holding ex-President George W. Bush and other senior officials accountable for war crimes , even as Spanish investigative judge Baltasar Garzon initiates an inquiry under international law regarding torture sanctioned by Bush ’s lawyers .
In this guest essay , investigative journalist and former candidate for Vermont attorney general , Charlotte Dennett , describes a meeting with Sen.
Patrick Leahy in which he acknowledges the failure of his plan for a “ truth commission ” :
Those of you following the George W. Bush prosecution trail will be interested to know that Patrick Leahy ’s “ truth commission ” is a no - go .
I was in a meeting with Leahy and four other Vermonters on Monday when he broke the news to us .
Email
Printer friendly
We had asked for the meeting to learn why he supported a truth commission over the appointment of a special prosecutor .
Halfway through the allotted 30 minute meeting ( with him taking up much of the time explaining why he was not generally opposed to prosecution , since he had been a DA for eight years and had the highest conviction rate in Vermont ) , he told us that his truth commission had failed to get the broad support it needed in Congress , and since he could n’t get one Republican to come behind the plan , “ it ’s not going to happen . ”
It was a sobering exchange .
The meeting had begun with our expressing serious concerns about ongoing dangers to our democracy , with the trend going to executive power while damaging our Constitution .
“ We are a nation of laws , ” said Dan DeWalt , who had helped organize 36 Vermont towns to vote for impeachment of Bush on town meeting day .
“ If we have a system of justice , why not let it take its course ?
It seems to many Americans that the rich and powerful do n’t have the same system of justice , and they ’re getting away with torture , murder , fraud , and Ponzi schemes . ”
By the end of the meeting , we were beginning to wonder whether anything at all was going to done – by Congress , by Attorney General Eric Holder , by President Barack Obama – to hold the Bush team accountable for its crimes .
Leahy ’s own aversion to appointing a special prosecutor appeared to be more practical than philosophical .
” We do n’t want another Abu Ghraib , ” he said .
“ You know , ‘ Boy , did we get those privates and corporals . ’
So many up on high will never get touched .
It ’s like the war on drugs – ‘ let ’s get those black kids on cocaine . ’”
So it ’s not that Leahy had a problem with prosecutions per se .
“ I just worry that the prosecutions will be done only on middle - level people , ” he said .
Well then , what would happen to the higher - ups ?
Leahy had said , on previous occasions , that the purpose of his truth commission was to grant immunity to those willing to testify – presumably middle - level people – and we could infer from that that they , in turn , would spill the beans on their superiors .
If any of the witnesses lied under oath or were less than thorough in their answers , Leahy had told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow a month ago , they could be prosecuted for perjury .
But that still left the fate of high government officials uncertain .
Leahy had hinted to Maddow that if officials refused to honor subpoenas , they , too could be prosecuted .
But in the real world , as Monday ’s news suggests , the people most responsible for the crimes will continue to get off free .
We should at least be content , Leahy said , with his success in forcing former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ’s resignation in 2007 .
After Leahy left the meeting , his aide , Chuck Ross , assured our group that there was no one more devoted to protecting the Constitution than Leahy .
“ He has been persistent in the face of obfuscation , ” Ross said .
“ He got rid of Gonzales .
I would challenge you to find someone who has done more to defend the Constitution . ”
Then Ross let out a memorable one - liner : “ He ’s all you ’ve got . ”
What ?
Leahy ’s all we ’ve got to protect the Constitution ?
And we have to accept Gonzales ’s resignation as the only punishment for years of gutting the rule of law ?
It took about five minutes for all this to sink in .
Then fellow Vermonter John Nirenberg spoke , I think , for all of us : “ If he ’s the only guy , this is not a healthy situation . ”
It is , perhaps , no coincidence , that the same time Leahy downplayed the truth commission , congressional aides were quoted by reporter Jason Leopold of Consortiumnews.com that “ the focus has shifted to the economy and that pressure for a special prosecutor to bring criminal charges over the Bush administration ’s past actions could become a distraction to that focus . ”
Leahy ’s aide Ross had said the same thing .
Everyone was focusing on the economy .
So now , it seems , the wrecked economy – complements of the Bush administration -- is becoming the excuse for congressional inaction after eight years of unremitting malfeasance by the Bush administration .
This is serious , folks .
Appointing a special prosecutor had been the top issue on President Obama ’s Web site when he took office .
Either he ’s not listening any more , or his supporters are “ looking forward , not backward , ” just as he prefers – and just as his right flank ( the CIA , the neocons , and everyone else who has something to hide ) desperately want .
It remains to be seen if Obama ’s huge base can get through to him on this issue , now that he occupies the White House .
If they cannot , then the failure to hold even a truth commission , let alone prosecutions , signals a return to the same old way of doing things .
Deterrence be damned .
Charlotte Dennett is a lawyer and investigative journalist .
She recently ran for Attorney General in Vermont on a pledge to prosecute George W. Bush under state criminal statutes for murder ( i.e . for sending troops to their deaths in Iraq under false pretenses ) .
She also promised , if elected , to appoint legendary Manson prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi as her special prosecutor .
She lost the election but has continued to keep abreast of developments within the accountability movement .
Dennett is the author of the forthcoming book : The People v Bush : One Lawyer ’s Campaign To Bring the President to Justice and the National Grassroots Movement She Encountered Along the Way , to be published by Chelsea Green in September 2009 .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Bush 's Torture Rationale Debunked
President Bush in September 2006 : " We knew that Zubaydah had more information that could save innocent lives , but he stopped talking .... so the CIA used an alternative set of procedures . "
( Rich Lipski -- The Washington Post )
Abu Zubaida was the alpha and omega of the Bush administration 's argument for torture .
That 's why Sunday 's front - page Washington Post story by Peter Finn and Joby Warrick is such a blow to the last remaining torture apologists .
Finn and Warrick reported that " not a single significant plot was foiled " as a result of Zubaida 's brutal treatment -- and that , quite to the contrary , his false confessions " triggered a series of alerts and sent hundreds of CIA and FBI investigators scurrying in pursuit of phantoms . "
Zubaida was the first detainee to be tortured at the direct instruction of the White House .
Then he was President George W. Bush 's Exhibit A in defense of the " enhanced interrogation " procedures that constituted torture .
And he continues to be held up as a justification for torture by its most ardent defenders .
But as author Ron Suskind reported almost three years ago -- and as The Post now confirms -- almost all the key assertions the Bush administration made about Zubaida were wrong .
Zubaida was n't a major al Qaeda figure .
He was n't holding back critical information .
His torture did n't produce valuable intelligence -- and it certainly did n't save lives .
All the calculations the Bush White House claims to have made in its decision to abandon long - held moral and legal strictures against abusive interrogation turn out to have been profoundly flawed , not just on a moral basis but on a coldly practical one as well .
Indeed , the Post article raises the even further disquieting possibility that intentional cruelty was part of the White House 's motive .
The most charitable interpretation at this point of the decision to torture is that it was a well - intentioned overreaction of people under enormous stress whose only interest was in protecting the people of the United States .
But there 's always been one big problem with that theory :
While torture works on TV , knowledgeable intelligence professionals and trained interrogators know that in the real world , it 's actually ineffective and even counterproductive .
The only thing it 's really good as it getting false confessions .
So why do it ?
Some social psychologists ( see , for instance , Kevin M. Carlsmith on NiemanWatchdog.org ) have speculated that the real motivation for torture is retribution .
And now someone with first - hand knowledge is suggesting that was a factor in Zubaida 's case .
Quoting a " former Justice Department official closely involved in the early investigation of Abu Zubaida , " Finn and Warwick write that the pressure on CIA interrogators " from upper levels of the government was ' tremendous , ' driven in part by the routine of daily meetings in which policymakers would press for updates ...
" ' They could n't stand the idea that there was n't anything new , ' the official said .
' They 'd say , " You are n't working hard enough . "
There was both a disbelief in what he was saying and also a desire for retribution -- a feeling that ' He 's going to talk , and if he does n't talk , we 'll do whatever . ' " '
The Post story also makes it clear that some people with great reality - denying skills remain at the upper levels of the government : " Some U.S. officials remain steadfast in their conclusion that Abu Zubaida possessed , and gave up , plenty of useful information about al - Qaeda , " Finn and Warwick write .
" ' It 's simply wrong to suggest that Abu Zubaida was n't intimately involved with al - Qaeda , ' said a U.S. counterterrorism official , speaking on the condition of anonymity because much about Abu Zubaida remains classified .
' He was one of the terrorist organization 's key facilitators , offered new insights into how the organization operated , provided critical information on senior al - Qaeda figures ... and identified hundreds of al - Qaeda members .
How anyone can minimize that information -- some of the best we had at the time on al - Qaeda -- is beyond me . ' "
But who are these people ?
How can they still possibly believe this given all the evidence to the contrary ?
What are they doing still in government ?
Author and investigative reporter Suskind first exposed the rampant fallacies of the administration 's Zubaida narrative in his explosive June 2006 book , The One Percent Doctrine .
See my June 20 , 2006 column for a summary .
But mainstream news organizations , unable to match Suskind 's sources , largely refused to acknowledge his reporting .
Indeed , in September 2006 , when the White House for the first time publicly acknowledged the existence of a secret CIA detention and interrogation program , Bush had no qualms about putting Zubaida front and center .
In a major speech , he proudly described how Zubaida -- " a senior terrorist leader and a trusted associate of Osama bin Laden " -- was questioned using the CIA 's new " alternative set of procedures " and then " ' began to provide information on key al Qaeda operatives . "
All lies and euphemisms .
But all reported pretty much straight at the time by a mainstream media that , if it noted Suskind 's reporting at all , did so as an afterthought .
There 's no doubt that Zubaida 's capture in spring 2002 was what sent the administration down the path to state - sanctioned torture .
Last April , ABC
News reported that starting right after his capture , top Bush aides including Vice President Dick Cheney micromanaged his interrogation from the White House basement .
" The high - level discussions about these ' enhanced interrogation techniques ' were so detailed , " ABC 's sources said , " some of the interrogation sessions were almost choreographed -- down to the number of times CIA agents could use a specific tactic . "
Bush has acknowledged he was aware of those meetings at the time .
Techniques that created damage short of " the level of death , organ failure , or the permanent impairment of a significant body function " were later authorized in an August 2002 Justice Department memo , known as the Torture Memo .
Just two weeks ago , in a New York Review of Books article based on a confidential report from the International Committee of the Red Cross , Mark Danner described the techniques used on Zubaida in harrowing detail .
Here is what Zubaida told the ICRC , via Danner : " ' I was taken out of my cell and one of the interrogators wrapped a towel around my neck ; they then used it to swing me around and smash me repeatedly against the hard walls of the room . '
" The prisoner was then put in a coffin - like black box , about 4 feet by 3 feet and 6 feet high , ' for what I think was about one and a half to two hours . '
He added :
The box was totally black on the inside as well as the outside ....
They put a cloth or cover over the outside of the box to cut out the light and restrict my air supply .
It was difficult to breathe .
When I was let out of the box I saw that one of the walls of the room had been covered with plywood sheeting .
From now on it was against this wall that I was then smashed with the towel around my neck .
I think that the plywood was put there to provide some absorption of the impact of my body .
The interrogators realized that smashing me against the hard wall would probably quickly result in physical injury . ' "
It goes on and on .
Waterboarding -- and Zubaida is one of three detainees known to have been subjected to that notorious torture technique -- was only a part of it .
Bush 's personal investment in Zubaida was obvious even in public statements .
As early as April 9 , 2002 , Bush bragged to fellow Republicans at a political fundraiser : " The other day we hauled in a guy named Abu Zubaydah .
He 's one of the top operatives plotting and planning death and destruction on the United States .
He 's not plotting and planning anymore .
He 's where he belongs . "
In a June 6 , 2002 , address , Bush called Zubaida al Qaeda 's " chief of operations " and said that " [ f ] rom him and from hundreds of others , we are learning more about how the terrorists plan and operate , information crucial in anticipating and preventing future attacks . "
At a Republican fundraiser on October 14 , 2002 , Bush called Zubaida " one of the top three leaders in the organization . "
But according to Suskind , even as Bush was publicly proclaiming Zubaida 's malevolence , he was privately being briefed about doubts within the intelligence community regarding Zubaida 's significance -- and mental stability .
Suskind quotes the following exchange between Bush and then - CIA director George Tenet :
" 'I said he was important , ' Bush said to Tenet at one of their daily meetings .
' You 're not going to let me lose face on this , are you ? '
" ' No Sir , Mr. President . ' "
And on the Guardian Web site today , Brent Mickum , an attorney who represents Zubaida , writes : " For many years , Abu Zubaydah 's name has been synonymous with the war on terror because of repeated false statements made by the Bush administration , the majority of which were known to be false when uttered ....
" [ T ] he man described by President Bush and others within his administration as a ' top operative ' , the ' number three person ' in al - Qaida , and al - Qaida 's ' chief of operations ' was never even a member of al - Qaida , much less an individual who was among its ' inner circle ' . "
I 've written extensively about Zubaida before , and about how the facts of his case as unearthed by Suskind thoroughly undermine the Bush administration 's arguments .
See , for instance , my Dec. 18 , 2007 column , Exhibit A for Torture , in which I suggested that " Bush 's Exhibit A in defense of torture may in fact be an exhibit for the prosecution . "
We learned in December 2007 that the CIA had destroyed videotapes of its secret interrogations -- 92 in all , it turns out , 90 of them of Zubaida .
In February 2008 , I wrote about how the White House 's torture argument had now officially become that the ends justify the means .
Over the years , I 've made something of a point of debunking the Bush White House 's unsupported assertions that any really useful information was gleaned from torture .
And earlier this year , I got into a back - and - forth with one of the remaining torture apologists , former Bush speechwriter Marc Thiessen .
Thiessen wrote a particularly strident Washington Post op - ed on January 22 , in which he asserted that President Obama 's torture ban would " effectively kill a program that stopped al - Qaeda from launching another Sept. 11 - style attack . "
I explained that Thiessen was making stuff up .
Thiessen posted a heated response on the National Review Web site , which I debunked in this post .
Thiessen unsurprisingly responded yesterday to the Post story , calling it a product of " The Left 's assault on the CIA program " and warning darkly that " if America is attacked again , those responsible for the disclosure of this information will bear much of the blame . "
His attempted rebuttal to the Post 's reporting , however , is laughable .
" [ W ] hat Abu Zubaydah disclosed to the CIA during this period was that the fact that KSM [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ] was the mastermind behind the 9/11 attacks and that his code name was ' Muktar ' , " Thiessen writes .
" This information provided by Zubaydah was a critical piece of the puzzle that allowed them to pursue and eventually capture KSM ....
" This fact , in and of itself , discredits the premise of the Post story – to suggest that the capture of KSM was not information that ' foiled plots ' to attack America is absurd on the face of it . "
But Thiessen 's case falls apart under even the mildest scrutiny .
According to the 9 - 11 Commission report , for instance , the CIA had connected KSM to the alias " Mukhtar " on August 28 , 2001 -- seven months before Zubaida was captured , and two weeks before 9/11 .
Of course the prime torture apologist remains Cheney , who as recently as two weeks ago asserted in a CNN interview that the administration 's interrogation tactics had saved lives .
Asked to prove it , he replied lamely : " I 've seen a report that was written based upon the intelligence that we collected then that itemizes the specific attacks that were stopped by virtue of what we learned through those programs .
It 's still classified .
I can't give you the details of it without violating classification , but I can say there were a great many of them . "
And , finally , in other torture - related news , Marlise Simons writes for the New York Times : " A Spanish court has taken the first steps toward opening a criminal investigation into allegations that six former high - level Bush administration officials violated international law by providing the legal framework to justify the torture of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , an official close to the case said ....
" The move represents a step toward ascertaining the legal accountability of top Bush administration officials for allegations of torture and mistreatment of prisoners in the campaign against terrorism .
But some American experts said that even if warrants were issued their significance could be more symbolic than practical , and that it was a near certainty that the warrants would not lead to arrests if the officials did not leave the United States . "
The complaint names former attorney general Albert Gonzales , fomer Justice Department officials John C. Yoo and Jay S. Bybee , former under secretary of defense for policy Douglas J. Feith , former general counsel for the Department of Defense William J. Haynes II , and former vice presidential chief of staff and legal adviser David S. Addington .
Hacker News is a site where users vote on links .
When someone clicks on an up or down vote , their browser sends a GET request that looks like this :
GET /vote?by=joesmith&dir=up&for=8765309
A user can only vote if the by parameter matches their Hacker News login cookie .
So for a third party to fake votes , they would need to get a visitor 's login name .
That turns out to be very easy to do .
I made a form that looks like this :
Clicking " Generate " goes to a page that embeds an image with a HREF of the upvote link , creating a fake vote .
People did n't hesitate to submit their info in the hopes of getting a nifty graphic .
After submitting it to Hacker News , and making it upvote itself when triggered , the link got over 50 ( fake ) upvotes in the 10 minutes before it was killed .
People were confused .
Until this is fixed , I do n't recommend giving out your Hacker News username .
update Here 's the Hacker News discussion of this issue .
" We deliberately do n't put that much effort into security , because this is a community based on trust , not a bank . "
update Some people have asked how this could be prevented .
One technique is to compute the cryptographic hash of the parameters concatenated with some secret value :
secret is " fribble dibble "
hash is sha1 ( " fribble dibble?by=joesmith&dir=up&for=8675309 " ) update : do n't use this ; use hmac
link is " /vote?by=joesmith&dir=up&for=8675309& hash=f3a8c2241 "
" when processing requests to /vote , recompute the hash independently from the request parameters and compare to what was submitted ; if it matches , accept the action .
It would be difficult for a third party to compute the hash and make it part of an unwitting request .
Using POST alone would n't help .
It 's pretty trivial to put a form in the HTML and submit it with JavaScript .
Artwork : Chip Taylor Microsoft announced plans to open retail stores , hoping to boost visibility of many of its products and its brand .
The move seems to be an effort to mimic the success that Apple has had with its retail stores .
The news is just too tempting not to have some fun with .
So here are some yet - to - be- officially - revealed details about the Microsoft stores .
1 ) Instead of Apple 's sheer walls of glass , Microsoft 's stores will have brushed steel walls dotted with holes -- reminiscent of Windows security .
2 ) The store will have six different entrances : Starter , Basic , Premium , Professional , Enterprise , and Ultimate .
While all six doors will lead into the same store , the Ultimate door requires a fee of $ 100 for no apparent reason .
3 ) Instead of a " Genius Bar " ( as Apple provides ) Microsoft will offer an Excuse Bar .
It will be staffed by Microsofties trained in the art of evading questions , directing you to complicated and obscure fixes , and explaining it's a problem with the hardware -- not a software bug .
4 ) The Windows Genuine Advantage team will run storefront security , assuming everybody is a thief until they can prove otherwise .
5 ) Store hours are undetermined .
At any given time the store mysteriously shuts down instantaneously for no apparent reason .
( No word yet on what happens to customers inside ) .
6 ) Stores will be named Microsoft Live Retail Store with PC Services for Digital Lifestyle Enthusiasts .
7 ) Fashioned after Microsoft's User Account Control ( UAC ) in Vista , sales personnel will ask you whether you 're positive you want to purchase something at least twice .
8 ) Xbox 360 section of the store will be organized in a ring -- which will inexplicably go red occasionally .
9 ) DreamWorks will design a scary in - store theme park ride called " blue screen of death . "
10 ) Store emergency exits will be unlocked at all times so people can get in anytime they want even if the front doors are locked .
Do you know something we do n't about the Microsoft stores ?
Please let us know in the comments .
The Brits suddenly love squirrel !
And so will we , probably : the critters run $ 3 each , and the Times concedes they seem perfect for a recession .
Writes the paper :
One might think that because of easy availability , squirrel would be the perfect meal - stretcher for these economically challenged times , but it takes a lot of work to get the meat off even the plumpest squirrel .
Ah , but labor gets cheap fast in a collapsed economy , and squirrels are plentiful .
In fact , there are so many American squirrels they 've invaded Britain , which is why the locals there so delight in smearing Yank - squirrel patê and gobbling roast Yank - squirrel in jus .
( They do n't eat the cute red native squirrels . )
Environmentalists will pay extra because the animal is local ; less conscientious consumes can take advantage of the fact that squirrel slaughter is likely far less regulated in the U.S. than in the U.K. and thus cheaper .
My Texan great - great grandmother , already middle - aged by the time of the Great Depression , was legendary within the family for her butchery of squirrels and various other small mammals .
Who would have imagined I 'd need the same skills ?
( Plus pigeon - plucking tips as well , actually .
They tend to be more plentiful in urban environments . )
The New York Civil Liberties Union has issued an impressive report calling for the repeal of the REAL ID Act .
“ No Freedom Without Privacy : The REAL ID Act ’s Assault on Americans ’ Everyday Life ” is a thorough look at the federal government ’s national ID law , which states have refused to implement .
Less than a year ago , when it was clear that no state would be in compliance with the national ID law by the May 2008 deadline , then - DHS secretary Michael Chertoff granted waivers until December of this year , even to states that have statutorily barred themselves from complying .
One of those states was South Carolina , whose governor Mark Sanford ( R ) has been a leading REAL ID opponent .
The report cites him favorably for that .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Last year , bills to repeal the national ID law were introduced in both the Senate and House .
With President Bush sure to veto , and Secretary Chertoff sure to demagogue a REAL ID repeal , the bills did not move .
The political dynamics have changed since then , of course .
“ Though the Real ID Act is not a household name , ” the report says , “ it is a central component of the Bush Administration ’s assault on Americans ’ liberty and privacy rights , and one that if not repealed now would forever change the fabric of American life . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
In its finite wisdom , the federal government often doubles down on bad policies , but the REAL ID Act is ripe for repeal .
The law ca n’t be fixed , and there is no such thing as an acceptable national ID card .
undefined
An investigation by a group of former Israeli soldiers has uncovered new evidence of the military 's conduct during the assault on Gaza two months ago .
According to the group Breaking the Silence , the witness statements of the 15 soldiers who have come forward to describe their concerns over Operation Cast Lead appear to corroborate claims of random killings and vandalism carried out during the operation made by a separate group of anonymous servicemen during a seminar at a military college .
Although Breaking the Silence 's report is not due to be published for several months , the testimony it has received already suggests widespread abuses stemming from orders originating with the Israeli military chain of command .
" This is not a military that we recognise , " said Mikhael Manekin , one of the former soldiers involved with the group .
" This is in a different category to things we have seen before .
We have spoken to a lot of different people who served in different places in Gaza , including officers .
We are not talking about some units being more aggressive than others , but underlying policy .
So much so that we are talking to soldiers who said that they were having to restrain the orders given . "
Manekin described how soldiers had reported their units being specifically warned by officers not to discuss what they had seen and done in Gaza .
The outlines of the evidence gathered comes hard on the heels of the disclosure by the Oranim Academy 's pre-military course last week of devastating witness accounts supplied by soldiers involved in the fighting , including the " unjustified " shooting of civilians .
The claims appear to add credence to widespread claims of Israeli soldiers firing on civilians , made by Palestinians to journalists and international investigators and lawyers who entered Gaza at the end of the conflict and in its aftermath .
With Israeli newspapers threatening new disclosures , the New York Times has weighed in with an interview with a reservist describing the rules of engagement for the Gaza operation .
Amir Marmor , a 33 - year - old military reservist , told the newspaper that he was stunned to discover the way civilian casualties were discussed in training talks before his tank unit entered Gaza in January .
" Shoot and do n't worry about the consequences " was the message from commanders , said Marmor .
Describing the behaviour of a lieutenant - colonel who briefed the troops , Marmor added : " His whole demeanour was extremely gung - ho .
This is very , very different from my usual experience .
I have been doing reserve duty for 12 years , and it was always an issue how to avoid causing civilian injuries .
He said that in this operation , we are not taking any chances .
Morality aside , we have to do our job .
We will cry about it later . "
These are not the first allegations of war crimes levelled at the Israeli military .
Last Thursday , the special rapporteur to the UN Human Rights Council , Richard Falk , said that the assault on Gaza appeared to be a " war crime of the greatest magnitude " and called on the UN to establish an experts ' group to investigate potential violations .
Attempts by the Israeli media to publish the rules of engagement for the Gaza campaign have been blocked by the military censor , but in the past couple of weeks the contents of those rules have begun to to emerge in anecdotal evidence - suggesting strongly that soldiers were told to avoid Israeli casualties at all costs by means of the massive use of firepower in a densely populated urban environment .
Worrying new questions have also been raised about the culture of the Israeli military , indicating a high level of dehumanisation and disregard for Palestinians among the chain of command and even among the military rabbinate .
An investigation by reporter Uri Blau , published on Friday in Haaretz , disclosed how Israeli soldiers were ordering T - shirts to mark the end of operations , featuring grotesque images including dead babies , mothers weeping by their children 's graves , a gun aimed at a child and bombed - out mosques .
Another T - shirt designed for infantry snipers bears the inscription " Better use Durex " next to a picture of a dead Palestinian baby , with his weeping mother and a teddy bear beside him .
A shirt designed for the Givati Brigade 's Shaked battalion depicts a pregnant Palestinian woman with a bull 's - eye superimposed on her belly , with the slogan , in English , " 1 shot , 2 kills " .
The claims have sparked a bitter debate within Israel 's defence forces and wider society over the " morality " of the IDF and its behaviour in Gaza .
Since the first claims appeared , other Israeli media have run articles criticising the head of the military academy who revealed the soldiers ' testimony , while others have run interviews with soldiers denying that the IDF had been involved in any wrong - doing and questioning the motives of those who had come forward .
" I do n't believe there were soldiers who were looking to kill [ Palestinians ] for no reason , " 21 - year - old Givati Brigade soldier Assaf Danziger was quoted by Yedioth Aharonot .
" What happened there was not enjoyable for anyone ; we wanted it to end as soon as possible and tried to avoid contact with innocent civilians . "
The WATERCONE ® system can be referred to as a one step water condensation process with a 40 % effectiveness degree ( GTZ Germany ) .
Based on evaporation levels of 8.8 Liters per square meter ( average solar irradiation in Casablanca , Morocco ) , the WATERCONE ® ( with a base diameter of 60 - 80 cm ) yields between 1.0 to 1.7 Liters of condensed water per day ( 24 hours ) .
The salty / brackish Water evaporates by way of solar irradiation and the condensation from that Water appears in the form of droplets on the inner wall of the cone .
These droplets trickle down the inner wall into a circular trough at the inner base of the cone .
By unscrewing the cap at the tip of the cone and turning the cone upside down , one can empty the potable Water gathered in the trough directly into a drinking device .
Based on this concept , the cone does indeed apply innovative solutions to a problem , which has been a curse to mankind for millennia : turning salt water into potable water in an uncomplicated , cheap and swift manner .
The following graph shows the year - over - year change in nominal and real retail sales since 1993 .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
To calculate the real change , the monthly PCE price index from the BEA was used ( December PCE prices was estimated as the same as November ) .
Although the Census Bureau reported that nominal retail sales decreased 10.2 % year - over - year ( retail and food services decreased 9.8 % ) , real retail sales declined by 11.3 % ( on a YoY basis ) .
This is the largest YoY decline since the Census Bureau started keeping data .
There is the Census Bureau report :
The U.S. Census Bureau announced today that advance estimates of U.S. retail and food services sales for December , adjusted for seasonal variation and holiday and trading - day differences , but not for price changes , were $ 343.2 billion , a decrease of 2.7 percent ( ±0.5 % ) from the previous month and 9.8 percent ( ±0.7 % ) below December 2007 .
Total sales for the 12 months of 2008 were down 0.1 percent ( ±0.4 % ) * from 2007 .
Total sales for the October through December 2008 period were down 7.7 percent ( ±0.5 % ) from the same period a year ago .
The October to November 2008 percent change was revised from - 1.8 percent ( ±0.5 % ) to - 2.1 percent ( ±0.3 % ) .
Retail trade sales were down 2.7 percent ( ±0.5 % ) from November 2008 and were 10.8 percent ( ±0.7 % ) below last year .
Gasoline stations sales were down 35.5 percent ( ±1.5 % ) from December 2007 and motor vehicle and parts dealers sales were down 22.4 percent ( ±2.3 % ) from last year .
Retail sales are a key portion of consumer spending and real retail sales have fallen off a cliff .
Jonathan Torgovnik 's photo series is emotionally taxing .
A description :
An estimated twenty thousand children were born of rapes that occurred during the 1994 Rwandan genocide .
Fifteen years later , the mothers of these children still face enormous challenges , among them , being stigmatized within their communities for bearing a child fathered by a Hutu militiaman .
Over the past three years , photographer Jonathan Torgovnik has made repeated visits to Rwanda to document the experiences of these women , allowing them to tell their stories .
Last night Lateline reported John Howard ’s Hillsong address to churches around Australia .
JOHN HOWARD : Parable of the Talents , to me has always been , has always seemed to me to be the “ free enterprise parable ” .
The parable that tells us that we have a responsibility if we are given assets to add to those assets .
He ’s got it completely wrong .
Here ’s a sermon I preached a couple of months ago :
The Parable of the Talents
Matthew 25:14-30
[ The congregation was first asked what the parable means and which figure represents God . ]
I have some problems with the interpretation you have just given me , with the Master representing God [ or Jesus ] , the first two slaves as good and the third slave as wicked .
To begin with , is this what God is like ?
“ I knew that you were a harsh man ” “ You knew , did you ? ” “ throw him into the outer darkness , where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth ” .
Is God like a harsh man ?
One who throws the lazy into the outer darkness ?
Hey , God may be cruel , but he ’s fair !
Is that the God of peace and love and justice proclaimed by Jesus ?
Secondly , the Master is pleased with 100 % return on an investment .
And if you ca n’t get that , at least get some interest for it .
Does
God support usury , the lending of money at interest ?
It is forbidden elsewhere in the bible .
Has God changed his mind ?
And is it just , to double your money with investments ?
Who pays the price for this ?
And what do we make of this phrase :
“ For to all those who have , more will be given , and they will have an abundance ; but from those who have nothing , even what they have will be taken away . ”
How easily this can be used to say I deserve my wealth , whereas those without deserve their fate .
And my final problem is that this is not the way you tell a story .
It is always the third person who provides the lesson .
We should be drawn in by the first two characters , people who behave as expected , and then the third person should surprise us with something unexpected and teach us the lesson .
The story of the good Samaritan is like this , the first person , not unreasonably , passes by on the other side .
The second person does the same , as would we .
But the third person – The Samaritan , of all people – provides the lesson and teaches us who our neighbour is .
Any good joke follows the same pattern .
But with the parable of the talents , we get the lesson straight away .
The first slave does the right thing – he uses his talents wisely and is rewarded .
Good on him .
The second slave does the same thing … ok , we get the idea .
And the third slave … does the wrong thing and is punished .
The good are rewarded and the bad are punished .
Where ’s the twist ?
The surprise at the end , that gives the lesson ?
Sounds like a fairly mediocre parable .
Now I do n’t want to throw away the parable , but I do want to throw away this interpretation and find a better one .
And to find that , let ’s first look more closely at what this parable is about , before we decide what it means .
So , the parable of the talents is about … talents .
So , what was a talent ?
Well , it was an amount of money , but how much money ?
Now if you ’re like me , your main cultural reference for the worth of a talent is a scene in “ The Life of Brian ” .
A beggar comes up to Brian and his mother and says : “ Spare a talent for an old ex-leper ” .
Brian ’s mother replies : “ A talent !
That ’s more than he earns in a month ! ”
Unfortunately this is highly misleading .
Who would have thought that Monty Python was not historically accurate , but there you go .
A talent certainly was more than Brian earned in a month .
A talent was about 15 years wages .
In today ’s terms , taking a wage of say , $ 65000 , a talent comes out to one million dollars .
Hardly the amount a beggar would be asking for on the street , unless he were very ambitious .
Now , what exactly was the household described in the parable ?
The Master has five , plus two , plus one , talents .
Do any of you have eight million dollars lying around and need other people to look after it for you ?
This is not a household like the ones we live in today .
In fact , at the time , power was concentrated in cities .
And the cities controlled the surrounding countryside .
But within the cities power was held by large households – the Packers and Murdochs of their day .
It is in these households that you would find a master with eight talents , lying around needing looking after , while the Master went away searching for other business opportunities .
So we ’ve looked at the talents , looked at the household , now , what about the slaves ?
Who are these slaves ?
Well , any sizable institution , like a household , needs a sizable bureaucracy to manage it .
And at the top of the bureaucracy are these slaves , entrusted with looking after the household ’s vast wealth .
The slaves have played the game to rise to this position , and must maintain it if they wish to stay where they are .
Let ’s leave the parable for a while and see if we can make some connection with these slaves .
What have a I got here in my hand ?
A credit card .
But this is no ordinary credit card .
It is an Australian Government Purchasing credit card , and it ’s got my name on it .
What does this allow me to do ?
It lets me spend someone else ’s money – in this case the Federal Government ’s money , tax payers ’ money .
Now could you put your hand up – this is the interactive part in case you ’ve tuned out – put your hand up if you have ever had control over money that was not yours , not part of a business you owned , not a relative ’s , but someone else ’s money .
The money of a Government , your employer , a church , a school , a community organisation .
Ok , everyone with a hand up – like the slaves in this parable , you are a manager of other people ’s money .
This parable is about you and me .
You can put your hands down now .
We often have parables about the poor , but we ’re not poor .
We have parables about the rich , and again , we ’re not rich , that ’s somebody else , we ’re off the hook .
But this parable , it ’s about the managers .
And at Ringwood Uniting , we should pay attention , because for many of us , this … is a parable about us .
Now if you did n’t have your hand up .
If you ’re a worker , a small business owner , a student , unemployed , looking after children full time , you ’re off the hook today .
You can just glance at all the managers and look smug .
Now , back to the parable .
Let me suggest that it ’s not a parable about the Kingdom of God at all .
It does n’t begin with ‘ The Kingdom of God is like ’ as many other parables do .
No , this is a story about the world , and what the world is like .
The Master is not God .
The Master is just a master .
The Master is harsh , he believes those who have , should get more .
And how do they get more ?
Well , one of the ways large households doubled money , was to lend it out to farmers and charge them exorbitant interest .
The real money was not in the interest , but in foreclosing on the loan .
Getting the land and crops when the farmer could no longer pay the loan back .
People who no longer had land , had to go to the city and sell their labour , and would be the sort of people hearing this parable as Jesus told it .
A parable about the people who had ripped them off .
What would Jesus ’ audience think of the slaves ?
Not very nice things , I reckon .
So how do we see the parable now ?
The head of a large and powerful household goes away leaving three able slaves , his Senior Management team , in charge of 8 million dollars .
The first two slaves do what it takes to double their money .
“ Those evil so and sos .
We all know someone who ’s lost their land to them ” is what we ’re meant to be thinking .
But such unpleasantness is avoided in the polite conversations between the Master and the first two slaves .
“ I have made five more talents ” , “ Well done good and trustworthy slave ” .
No mention of people thrown off their land .
The slaves just enjoy their master ’s happiness that the finances have gone so well .
The third slave is the hero is this story .
For whatever reason , he decides he cannot partake of this any longer .
He decides to become what is now called a “ whistle blower ” .
Instead of using the money to make more money , instead of entrusting it to bankers , he takes it out of the system , burying it in the ground , where it can do no harm .
When the master returns , it no polite chat .
Rather , the third slave says the unmentionable , making plain where the Master ’s wealth comes from .
Telling it straight to the Master . “ I knew that you were a harsh man , reaping where you did not sow , and gathering where you did not scatter seed ” – a description of reaping a harvest sown by others who have been thrown off their land by the Master .
The Master does not take kindly to this , giving the usual slander of idleness and immorality that accompanies any whistle blower : “ You wicked and lazy slave ! ” .
The third slave is stripped of all of his responsibilities and they are given to the other slaves .
No longer part of the bureaucracy that has supported him , the slave will soon be destitute , living in the world of the poor – the outer darkness , as the Master sees it – where people do indeed gnash their teeth , whether in anguish , or chattering from the cold .
Having looked at what this parable is about , I will now close by looking at what it means .
For managers like many of us , it is a call to be awake to the realities of the institutions we manage .
Is injustice kept hidden behind polite language and euphemisms ?
Is it time to say “ no more ” ?
Do you have the courage to risk the consequences of speaking out ?
Possibly losing your employment , your reputation ?
Now we do n’t do altar calls in this church .
But I ’m tempted to say “ Do you feel the spirit is prompting you to reveal the truth with us today ?
If so , come on down and share with the congregation . ”
Maybe you do feel this way .
But that would be unfair because there is one final bit to this parable .
Government whistle blower Andrew Wilkie has said , “ Some would have followed me out the door before the [ Iraq ] war , if only they felt they could have .
But in reality most people find themselves constrained either by their sense of duty or by financial consideration – they cannot afford the instant loss of a career with little immediate prospects of another .
Or else they feel powerless to make a difference and are overwhelmed with despair . ”
Yes , the fate of the whistle blower can be harsh as this parable attests .
But it is not the end of the story .
The hearers of Jesus ’ parable would detest the manager - slaves , but this story encourages empathy for the third slave .
Not “ one of those so and sos has finally got what they deserve ” , but rather “ he ’s now in the outer darkness with us .
How should we treat him ? ”
With no support the whistle blower would be hungry , thirsty , he would be a stranger , lacking clothes , he could get sick , possibly imprisoned .
Do you see where I ’m going with this ?
Yes , the very next passage in Matthew is the “ Last Judgment ” , the one with the sheep and the goats , where we are encouraged to feed the hungry and thirsty , welcome the stranger , clothe the naked , visit the sick and imprisoned , because that is where we meet Jesus .
So there is a message here for the church as a whole .
You non-managers do n’t get off scott free today after all .
Whistle blowers may end up in the outer darkness , but that is where the church should already be .
With Jesus , providing the necessary resources to those outside of the system .
If the managers of our society really believed that the church would support them spiritually and economically , they would be more inclined to act like the third slave and blow the whistle when they see injustice .
Delivered Sunday April 22nd 2007
Ringwood Uniting Church , 9 am Service
References :
William R. Herzog II , Parables As Subversive Speech : Jesus As Pedagogue of the Oppressed , Westminster / John Knox Press , Louisville , Kentucky , 1994 , Chapter 9 , “ The Vulnerability of the Whistle - blower : The Parable of the Talents ” .
Ched Myers and Eric DeBode , “ Towering Trees and Talented Slaves ” , The Other Side , May - June 1999 .
Andrew Wilkie , Axis of Deceit : The Story of the Intelligence Officer who Risked All to Tell the Truth about WMD and Iraq , Schwartz Publishing , Melbourne , 2004 , p 146 .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
Our first weekly case mod winner is 23 - year - old David Barry , of Brooklyn , New York .
David ’s Star Wars TIE
Figher mod blew us away .
David gets 120 free downloads from eMusic.com .
You can read about it below in his own words .
–ed .
My case mod is a scale model of a Star Wars TIE Fighter , with a computer built right into the cockpit .
And , it ’s also a desk !
The whole case is built from scratch .
As a die - hard Star Wars fan , I knew my first mod would have to incorporate something from Star Wars , and I could think of nothing cooler than a TIE Fighter .
I got the blueprints online and got to work .
Click here to enter your own mod .
I started with the side panels ( wings ) , which were cut from plywood .
The cockpit of the TIE Fighter was most problematic part to build .
After several failed attempts to create a ball out of Bondo , I finally found the perfect sphere — a Jolly Ball ( a pet store item ) .
A plywood cutout that I installed inside the ball holds all the computer components , and PVC piping connects the cockpit to the wings .
Accurate detailing was created using wood filler , wood strips , glues , paints , and caulking .
The whole thing was painted , and the desktop surface ( Plexiglas ) was attached .
The wood cutout allowed me to divide the cockpit into two chambers .
The front chamber includes a FlexATX motherboard and an Athlon XP 1800 +.
All other components , including an 80GB hard drive , the power supply , and a CD ROM drive that pops out the bottom , are fitted into the rear chamber .
The green laser canons on the front of the cockpit are the power - on and HDD activity LEDs .
Power and reset buttons are built into a side panel .
Red LEDs light up the interior of the case .
A 12 cm fan draws air out of both chambers .
The entire project cost me about 300 dollars to complete ( sans computer components ) , and I spent four months working on it .
David Barry
Read more case modding articles on ExtremeTech .
Related articles :
The US is concerned about militants in border areas
The US military says it has evidence elements within Pakistan 's military intelligence , the ISI , continue to provide support for the Taleban .
Officials said that this support for militants had to end .
The chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff said the ISI had links with militants on both Pakistan 's borders with Afghanistan and India .
US President Barack Obama has announced a new strategy for the " increasingly perilous " situation in Afghanistan .
He said an extra 4,000 US personnel would train and bolster the Afghan army and police , and he would also provide support for civilian development .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he was " in full agreement " with the US review .
' Very damaging '
Two senior figures in the US military have spoken about the links they believe exist between elements in Pakistan 's Directorate for Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) and Taleban and al - Qaeda militants .
People in Islamabad give their views about Mr Obama 's speech
In pictures
" There are certainly indications that 's the case , " said Admiral Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , in a CNN interview .
" Fundamentally that 's one of the things that has to change . "
In another interview , the head of the US Central Command , General David Petraeus , said some of the militant groups had been established by the ISI and that their links continued .
He said there was evidence that " in the fairly recent past " the ISI had tipped off militants when their positions were in danger .
" It 's a topic that is of enormous importance , because if there are links and if those continue and if it undermines the operations [ against militants ] , obviously that would be very damaging to the kind of trust that we need to build , " said Gen Petraeus in a PBS interview .
Wearing thin American officials , speaking anonymously to the New York Times , have given more detail .
So I want the American people to understand that we have a clear and focused goal : to disrupt , dismantle and defeat al - Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan
Barack Obama
Obama breaks with Bush policy Pakistan pessimism at revamp Hope for Obama in fortress Kabul They said the strengthening Taleban campaign in southern Afghanistan was being made possible by military supplies from Pakistan .
The newspaper said electronic surveillance and informants had shown that the level of co-operation was deeper and more extensive than earlier thought .
Pakistani leaders have publically denied any links with the militants .
The BBC's Charles Scanlon says patience in Washington appears to be wearing thin .
' New strategy '
On Friday US President Barack Obama said growing radical forces in Afghanistan and the border area in Pakistan posed the greatest threat to the American people and the world .
Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari said it would strengthen democracy in his country , while the Afghan government said Mr Obama had recognised that the al - Qaeda threat came mainly from Pakistan , and that it was a regional problem .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In a speech to parliament on Saturday , Mr Zardari said Pakistan would not allow use of its soil for terrorist activity , and would not let anyone violate its sovereignty .
But he did not specifically criticise US missile attacks on Pakistani territory as he has done in the past .
Cross - border operations by US - led forces have angered Pakistani authorities in recent months .
President Obama said his " comprehensive new strategy " was an outcome of a " careful policy review " in which military commanders and diplomats , regional governments , partners , Nato allies , NGOs and aid organisations were consulted .
US troops carry out joint operations with the new Afghan security forces
He painted a bleak picture of the situation , with insurgents increasing their control of territory in the region around the Afghan - Pakistan border - which he termed " the most dangerous place in the world " for the American people - and attacks rising .
He said American strategy must relate directly to the threat posed to the Americans by al - Qaeda and its allies - who , he reminded his listeners , were behind the 9/11 attacks on American soil eight years ago .
But he said targeting al - Qaeda was not only in the interests of American people , but populations around the world and Afghans themselves .
" This is not simply an American problem .
Far from it , " Mr Obama said .
" It is instead an international security challenge of the highest order . "
In Pakistan , Mr Obama said American help would be needed to go after al - Qaeda , which Mr Obama admitted was " no simple task " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" The fish lost their orientation , they became completely confused and looked as if they were about to vomit .
In the wild such a " seasick " fish would become prey for others because they are incapable of fleeing from danger . "
Several legislatures of states with nuclear power plants are considering stopping or reducing payments to the federal government for nuclear waste management until the proposed Yucca Mountain , Nev. , repository opens or another solution to the waste problem emerges .
Since the February release of President Obama 's budget blueprint , which signaled the likely demise of the Yucca Mountain plan , pro-nuclear lawmakers in Congress have grumbled about the uncertainty such a move would bring .
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , for one , threatened to promote a measure to return waste - removal fees paid by electric ratepayers .
But at least four states are trying now to take matters into their own hands .
Maine lawmakers passed a resolution yesterday asking the federal government to immediately reduce fees paid by electricity customers for managing spent nuclear fuel .
The resolution also urges the expedited establishment of two federally licensed interim storage facilities that would take possession of the waste and create an independent panel to assess the long - term prospects for handling military and civilian nuclear wastes .
Since 1982 , U.S. nuclear - power ratepayers have paid a tenth of a cent per kilowatt - hour into a federal fund that now holds about $ 30 billion .
The fund can be used only to build the repository .
The Department of Energy has spent about $ 13.5 billion on the Yucca Mountain project since 1983 and had contracted with utilities to begin taking spent fuel in 1998 .
The partial breach of contracts leaves DOE liable for about $ 11 billion based on plans for the repository opening in 2020 .
That liability would escalate for each year the waste is not removed from nuclear plant sites , DOE says .
So far , Maine has paid $ 65.5 million of its $ 185 million obligation for its only nuclear plant , the Yankee Nuclear Power Station , which the state closed in 1997 .
There are currently 64 casks of used nuclear fuel on the decommissioned site awaiting disposal , says the Nuclear Energy Institute ( NEI ) , the nuclear industry 's policy arm .
NEI said Maine 's frustration may be just the beginning of a national revolt .
" We were pleased to see this resolution adopted by the Maine Legislature .
It clearly recognizes the important issues now facing the country in light of the situation with the Yucca Mountain repository , " said John Keeley , an NEI spokesman .
" We hope Maine calling for a reduction of the waste fee and movement on interim storage will incentivize the administration and Congress to take up those issues , " he said .
" It 's easy to understand the frustration that led to this resolution . "
Other state proposals
Other states , which are obligated to pay much more than Maine , are considering even stronger measures to pressure the Obama administration and Congress .
There are about 55,000 tons of civilian high - level waste in more than 120 locations in 39 states waiting for disposal .
Minnesota state Rep. Joe Atkins introduced legislation that would hold Minnesota waste - fee payments -- about $ 13 million per year -- in escrow until DOE " can show that a federal repository is operating and currently accepting such material . "
Minnesota has paid about $ 659 million , including interest , into the fund .
Atkins ' proposal has passed the energy committee and is awaiting consideration by the state House of Representatives .
Atkins wants all lawmakers in nuclear states and the National Conference of State Legislatures to support similar measures .
" If enough states follow suit , we might finally get an answer on Yucca Mountain -- moving 55,000 tons of nuclear waste to a safe and permanent storage place we 've been waiting on for decades , " he said in a statement .
The Michigan Senate also has a bill that would establish a nuclear waste escrow account .
The state Senate has another resolution urging DOE and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission " to do everything necessary to allow the Yucca Mountain repository to begin accepting high - level nuclear waste . "
Michigan has paid $ 656 million into the waste fund .
" The construction of new nuclear power plants , which are needed to provide clean and reliable baseload power , is being hampered by the unresolved issue of spent nuclear fuel , " the Michigan bill , S.R. 9 , says .
" In order to realize the many benefits of nuclear power , the nation must address the issue of high - level nuclear waste . "
A proposed South Carolina resolution , meanwhile , supports the qualification of a repository at Yucca Mountain .
South Carolina currently holds commercial waste and defense high - level waste at the Savannah River Site -- a DOE laboratory specializing in the nuclear fuel cycle -- and the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Plant is being built there .
The state could be a prime candidate for an interim or long - term repository if Yucca is abandoned .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
An analysis of ADHD studies conducted by Gregory Fabiano has shown that behavioral treatment works as well as drugs for children with the condition .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Behavior treatment works as well as drugs for children with ADHD and bypasses the risk of medication 's side effects , a meta- analysis of 174 studies on ADHD treatment conducted at the University at Buffalo , has shown .
The results , published in the March issue of Clinical Psychology Review , found that teaching parents and teachers how to respond when children do things the right way -- as well as when they display harmful or aggressive behavior -- is effective , and in some cases more effective , than medication for ADHD .
" This review shows that behavioral treatments work , and in general work well , " said Gregory A. Fabiano , Ph.D. , assistant professor in the Department of Counseling , School and Educational Psychology in UB 's Graduate School of Education , and first author on the paper .
" For the past couple of decades , there has been considerable professional controversy about the role and adequacy of behavior modification treatments in the care of children with ADHD .
The next step is to figure out how to make them work for individual families over the long run , because we now know that ADHD is a lifelong condition . "
Through use of behavior modification , children could bypass the risk of side effects from ADHD drugs and achieve the same or better results as drug treatments , Fabiano noted .
William Pelham , Jr. , Ph.D. , UB Distinguished Professor of Psychology , Pediatrics and Psychiatry , is co-author on the study .
Fabiano noted that ADHD is one of the most common mental health disorders among children .
" Prevalence rates place at least one child with ADHD in every classroom in America , highlighting the need for effective interventions .
" Our results suggest that efforts should be redirected from debating the effectiveness of behavioral interventions to dissemination , enhancing and improving the use of these programs in community , school and mental health settings . "
In the future , Fabiano plans to work with teachers , parents , pediatricians and clinicians in the community to emphasize the effectiveness of behavior modification treatments .
His additional research includes developing strategies to get fathers more involved in the treatment of children with ADHD , and use of driving simulators to help teens with ADHD learn to drive , while also helping parents learn to provide effective driving instruction to their teens .
Provided by University at Buffalo ( news : web )
Explore further Couples with children with ADHD at risk of higher divorce rates , shorter marriages
Fidel Castro says his country is not afraid of talking to the US Members of the US Congress have held a rare meeting with the Former Cuban President Fidel Castro , describing him as very engaging and energetic .
The event was his first known meeting with US officials since he underwent emergency intestinal surgery in 2006 .
Mr Castro has not been seen in public since he was taken ill , and ceded power to his brother Raul last year .
Analysts say the meeting indicates an increased willingness on the part of Cuba and the US to resolve tensions .
The three members of the Congressional Black Caucus said the 82 - year - old revolutionary leader asked how Cuba could help President Barack Obama normalise relations between the two countries .
" Of course , he has been ill , " said the delegation 's leader , Congresswoman Barbara Lee .
" But I think we will agree that he was very healthy , very energetic , very clear thinking . "
Congresswoman Laura Richardson added : " He looked directly into our eyes , quite aware of what was happening , and said to us ' How can we help President Obama ? ' "
Changing times
A seven - strong team of congressional Democrats is currently in Cuba , looking into ways to improve US - Cuban relations , but only three of them attended the meeting with Mr Castro .
The delegation met Raul Castro on Monday .
The BBC's Kim Ghattas in Washington says the visit is a sign of the changing times in Washington and in Havana .
President Obama is expected to announce soon that he is easing restrictions imposed in 2004 by George W Bush on travel and remittances for Cuban - Americans .
Last week , a bill was introduced to Congress which would allow unrestricted travel to Cuba for all Americans .
Meanwhile , in an article published on Sunday , Fidel Castro said his country was not afraid to talk to the US .
But no - one is yet expecting the lifting of America 's 50 - year - old trade embargo on Cuba , our correspondent adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zherdevka , a dead - end town seven hours ' drive from Moscow , is the sort of place where nothing ever happens .
Almost all the cars are old , battered Ladas ; the few cafés reek of cheap frying oil and are populated with friendly but tragic - faced people ordering large early morning glasses of vodka .
Amid this quiet provincial decay , an extraordinary drama has been unfolding in recent weeks , unseen to the world .
On a bitter April morning under cold grey skies , two days after the start of the new trial of oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky in Moscow , six defendants were brought , amid heavy security , to a hearing in Zherdevka 's small local courthouse .
Outwardly , the case is nothing special .
Five men from Dagestan and Chechnya , Russia 's restive Caucasus regions , are accused together with one ethnic Russian of an armed robbery which is alleged to have taken place early last year on a nearby stretch of road .
But the Russian man on trial is no ordinary criminal .
His name is Andrei Yakhnev , and until his arrest in early 2008 he was a high - ranking operative in Russia 's secret war on terrorism .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
His friends and associates say there 's no way he could have done it ; his lawyer says the case against him is absurdly weak .
People like Yakhnev are not usually put on trial for something as trifling as robbery in today 's Russia .
Even if he had committed the crime , his superiors , if they wanted to , would have had little problem in hushing up the whole affair and quietly releasing him .
So why has he been left to rot in a provincial prison , facing a sentence of up to 12 years ?
Did he know too many secrets about his superiors ?
Did he get too close to a Russian - born British woman who has past links to Vladimir Putin 's London - based enemies , and with whom he was having a cloak - and - dagger love affair ?
Khodorkovsky is known across the world , but few people have heard the name of Andrei Yakhnev .
While the trial of the former Yukos oil boss is taking place in the glare of the world 's media , not a single journalist has covered Yakhnev 's trial .
But the background to his case reveals just as much about modern Russia as does the Khodorkovsky trial , providing a rare insight into the world of Russia 's secret services straight from the pages of a John le Carré thriller .
It 's a dizzying tale of conspiracy theories , terrorists , secret agents , and a love affair across boundaries that are not normally crossed .
***
The slightly overweight , sleepy - eyed figure , hunched up inside a grey hoodie and perched on a wooden bench inside the metal cage at Zherdevka 's courtroom , might not seem like a Russian Jason Bourne , but for more than a decade , that 's exactly what he was ; an elite field operative fluent in several languages sent on extremely dangerous top - secret missions .
Andrei Yakhnev was born in the southern Russian city of Mozdok in 1975 , and after four years of training at a top military academy , he joined the Russian special forces , passing the rigorous selection process for the elite Vityaz unit – a section of the army specifically devoted to the fight against terrorism and often thrown into the front line of the Chechen wars on particularly dangerous missions .
It was not possible to meet Yakhnev in prison , but through his lawyer he provided detailed answers to my questions , written from his cell , and starting with his biography .
According to Yakhnev 's responses , he began his professional career as a deputy commander , and later commander of a counter - terrorism Vityaz company , thrown into combat situations with Chechen rebels .
By 2001 he had moved into a role in the Interior Ministry that combined field operations with investigations and office - based intelligence work , and in 2003 he moved into a newly created special department of the ministry , T Centre .
This department , one of the most secret in Russia , worked together with the state spy agency – the FSB – and was at the forefront of preventing terrorist attacks and investigating their aftermath .
Yakhnev held the rank of major , was due to be promoted to lieutenant - colonel in 2008 , and his official title was " senior operative on very important matters " , which , despite the comic book ring to it , meant that he was involved in the most important Interior Ministry missions .
According to Andrei Soldatov , one of the leading independent experts on the Russian security services , this is the highest rank that it is possible for a field operative to hold .
Yakhnev was a specialist in the Caucasus regions of Chechnya and Dagestan , the focal points of Muslim insurgency against Moscow 's rule .
In his written answers , he specifies that he also took part in missions in Belarus , Ukraine and Kazakhstan , as well as other countries " further abroad " which he declined to name .
He speaks fluent English and Chechen .
" The FSB 's task is to monitor suspicious activity , whereas the Interior Ministry had the task of carrying out missions to kill prominent terrorist leaders , " says Soldatov , " special , top - secret groups , known internally by the abbreviation VSOG [ temporary specialised operative groups ] would be dispatched on missions to trouble - spots to eliminate terrorists and fighters .
They were so secret that even the local Interior Ministry people would n't know about them , in order to prevent information leaks . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Yakhnev had an identity card that would send shivers down the spine of any bribe - hungry traffic cop who happened to stop his BMW .
The permit underlined his importance and said that nobody was allowed to search him or his car .
Documents provided to the court also confirm that his work had given him several different number plates with which he could disguise his car , and those who know him suspect that he was given several fake passports on which to travel for missions abroad .
His job also involved office work and investigative duties , and his friends painted a picture of a man who was far more than just a hard - nosed killer .
" He is an incredibly intelligent and well - read guy , " says Sergei Badamshin , a Moscow lawyer and friend of Yakhnev's .
Most of Yakhnev 's friends are too scared to talk , but Badamshin , a chatty man with a wry sense of humour , agrees to meet me late in the evening at a north Moscow café .
The pair met through mutual acquaintances several years ago , and soon struck up a close friendship .
" He made friends easily ; everybody liked him .
He was just as able to find a common language with oligarchs and paupers ; generals or privates .
Everyone saw him as an equal ; he was just one of those people who you 're immediately drawn to . "
Yakhnev would disappear on long missions to the Caucasus , sometimes for several months , but when back in Moscow , the pair would meet up and unwind , hitting bars and clubs and making the most of the city 's nightlife until the sun came up .
" Even when he was off duty , he would always have a weapon on him , a Stechkin pistol , " says Badamshin .
" I 've only seen the man in a suit about twice , but he 'd always have his gun .
He was a real warrior .
He did n't talk about the concrete missions he was on but it was obvious he was involved in big things . "
On 19 January 2008 , according to Yakhnev 's responses , scrawled in the dark of his prison cell with black ballpoint pen on squared sheets of paper torn from an exercise book , he returned to Moscow from a mission in Dagestan that had lasted several months .
He was given a week off , but on the night of 21 January was called in to help with an operation to track down and detain a bomb - maker from Karachayevo - Cherkessia , one of the southern Russian republics close to Chechnya , who was hiding in Moscow .
On 25 January , he received a call from Arsen Muidov , the man who acted as his ears in Moscow 's Dagestani community , and whom he had used as an intelligence source since 1999 .
Muidov told Yakhnev that he had heard about a huge sum of money that was due to be transferred from Dagestan to Moscow – 25 million roubles ( £ 500,000 ) in cash .
This is where accounts diverge .
According to the prosecution in the court case , Yakhnev agreed to become part of a criminal group with Muidov and others , to steal the money .
According to Yakhnev himself , he agreed to drive to the meeting spot with Muidov and find out who was transporting the money and why .
Because he did n't know where the money was from , he left a file on his desk at work , explaining where he was going and with what intelligence .
A bit more than 24 hours later , he was under arrest .
" People with his kind of position ; people with the documents that he had – those people do n't end up behind bars in Russia , " says Badamshin , who , as a lawyer , knows the country 's court system well .
Others who specialise in Russia 's secret services agree .
Russia 's bureaucratic apparatus , and especially its secret elements , is notoriously corrupt , yet few important officials are held to account for making money on the side .
If a high - ranking officer from the FSB or other secret services is put on trial in Russia , the reason for the criminal proceedings is usually to be found somewhere other than in the charges presented to the court .
So why is Andrei Yakhnev in prison ?
***
Natalia Pelevine drags on slim cigarettes nervously as she talks .
Pelevine is a garrulous 32 - year - old woman with long hair , dyed jet - black , and a penchant for blood - red lipstick .
In a series of meetings at Moscow cafés and restaurants during the past few months , she recounted her story in full for the first time .
" There was never any intention to go public with this , but it 's got to the stage where there seems little other choice , " she says .
Tottering in high heels and wearing a bright purple jacket , she looks every inch the glamorous Russian woman , but w hen she speaks in English , the words come out in an Anglo - American lilt .
Born in Moscow , she moved to London with her parents at the age of 11 , just before the Soviet Union entered its death - throes .
The family stayed in Britain , and Pelevine started a career as an actress , but returned frequently to Russia .
She knew many Chechens in Moscow and followed with horror the Chechen wars of the 1990s .
When Chechen rebels laid siege to a Moscow theatre in October 2002 , she knew straight away that she wanted to write a play about it .
The Nord Ost siege , when hundreds of theatregoers were taken hostage by a heavily - armed gang of Chechens , was among the darkest hours of Vladimir Putin 's eight - year presidency .
The Russians pumped toxic gas into the theatre and thus avoided any explosions , but at least 130 hostages died , mostly because they were given no antidote to the gas .
The Russian authorities presented the operation as a victory , but many survivors were angry that no proper investigation was ever held into the decisions taken to storm the theatre , and the apparent unpreparedness to deal with people who had been incapacitated by the gas .
Pelevine spent time in Moscow interviewing survivors of the attack and their relatives , making notes on how it had felt to be inside the theatre during the 57 hours of the siege .
She met several times with Anna Politkovskaya , an investigative journalist who had written many articles on the siege and its aftermath .
Wanting to know more about the decisions that had led to the storming of the theatre , she tried to set up interviews with people from the secret services who had been involved .
In the spring of 2005 , she managed to secure a meeting with three retired FSB colonels who had been in the command centre during the siege .
They met with Pelevine in the cafeteria of the Moscow city parliament , where one of the colonels , by then retired , had become an MP .
" They were very rude to me , asked me what I was trying to do by digging into this , and gave me absolutely nothing , " says Pelevine .
" It was more like them interviewing me than the other way round . "
Indeed , along with a series of suspicious apartment block explosions in 1999 that preceded the second Chechen war and Vladimir Putin 's rise to power , the events surrounding Nord Ost have always been something of a no - go area .
The government investigation was cursory , and independent journalists who tried to get to the bottom of the story had a habit of meeting sticky ends .
Many things about the Nord Ost siege did n't seem to make sense .
Why did the terrorists not blow themselves up when they realised that the theatre was being gassed ?
They had time before the deadly gas took effect to go out in a blaze of glory .
Why did the special forces storming the building have an order to shoot to kill , not leaving a single terrorist alive for questioning ?
Why did the testimony from survivors suggest that the terrorists did not seem nervous and did not seem like they were ready to die – chatting to each other and painting their nails ?
Six months after the siege , Anna Politkovskaya met with a Chechen man , Khanpash Terkibayev , who claimed that he had been part of the group that had staged the siege but had left before the storming of the theatre started .
Terkibayev was a shadowy figure who had close links both to Chechen separatists and to top Kremlin officials , on occasion even travelling to Europe in official Russian delegations .
Politkovskaya was certain that the Terkibayev story proved that at some level , elements in the secret services collaborated with the terrorists to abet the theatre siege .
Not long before Politkovskaya met with Terkibayev , the Russian politician Sergei Yushenkov was shot dead in Moscow .
Alexander Litvinenko , a former FSB agent by then living in London , claimed to have passed a dossier on Terkibayev on to Yushenkov just a few days before his murder .
Terkibayev died in a car crash in Chechnya in 2004 .
Politkovskaya was gunned down in the entrance of her apartment block in late 2006 , just a few weeks before Litvinenko was poisoned with polonium and died in London .
There is no evidence that any of these deaths were related to Nord Ost investigations ; Litvinenko and Politkovskaya were mired in a whole range of controversial topics , and there are persuasive alternative versions for Yushenkov 's death .
Terkibayev himself claimed that Politkovskaya had made the story up .
Others note that the authorities were very sensitive about the details of the military operation at the theatre , keen to avoid what they saw as a victory being presented as a disaster ; but most observers doubt that the FSB could have been involved in the preparations : " I never saw any evidence that would suggest the FSB was involved in any way with the organisation of Nord Ost , " says Andrei Soldatov .
But what is certain is that nobody has ever carried out a proper independent investigation into what happened .
Pelevine wanted to change that .
In addition to her play , she began to plan a book about the events .
" The more I investigated it , the more I realised it was n't how it was made out to be , " she says .
***
A contact in Moscow suggested that he might know someone who knew someone who had been involved in the government response to the siege .
Phone calls were made , and a meeting place was agreed .
After midnight one night in June 2005 , says Pelevine , she was driven for about 40 minutes out of Moscow through darkened backstreets to a small restaurant tucked away in a wooded clearing .
There were several tables outside , but no other people in sight .
She sat down to wait with her contact , and after some time another car arrived and a big sturdy man with cropped sandy hair sat down across from her .
It was Andrei Yakhnev .
He began to speak , quietly , without looking her in the eye .
At that first meeting he did n't give away any major secrets about the way that the authorities handled Nord Ost , but he told her his side of the story with an honesty she had n't encountered from anyone else who had been involved on the government side .
Yakhnev had been in the command centre for part of the siege , and had entered the theatre during the storming .
He had also been involved in the investigations that followed .
His story rang true and tallied with stories of victims of the siege , and in contrast to the dour FSB colonels she had questioned previously , Yakhnev was clearly emotionally involved in the tragedy and personally affected by it .
Some of the things he told her seemed to reinforce suspicions that had been forming in her mind about what had really happened at Nord Ost .
The meeting moved Pelevine to tears , and she asked if she might take his contact number .
He agreed , and the two said their goodbyes .
After a decent period of time had elapsed , she called Yakhnev and asked if they might meet again .
The two began to meet on a regular basis and a friendship blossomed , based on mutual interests to start with , which in time turned into a romance .
They spoke on the phone regularly but saw each other rarely .
Pelevine was often away , in London or New York , and Yakhnev would go dark for days or weeks on end when he was out of Moscow on a mission .
When they both happened to be in Moscow at the same time , he would call her and name a time and central Moscow location where they should meet .
He would pick her up in his car and they 'd spend a few hours together .
There was no doubt that the Russian authorities knew about the relationship between Andrei Yakhnev and Natalia Pelevine .
They also almost certainly knew that Pelevine had links to figures in London that were committed to the overthrow of the Russian regime .
Pelevine was close to many in the anti-Kremlin circle of Russian émigrés in the British capital , led by Boris Berezovsky , the oligarch who helped raise Putin to the presidency but then fell out of favour and fled .
It was Akhmed Zakayev , the former Chechen rebel wanted by Moscow and currently living in Britain , who first introduced her to the group , after she had contacted him to talk about the play she was writing .
Moscow has repeatedly demanded that Britain extradite both Berezovsky and Zakayev to face criminal proceedings in Russia , but the requests have been refused .
With Zakayev , Pelevine has remained on friendly terms , but she fell out with Berezovsky and his inner circle .
" I believe his fight is all about personal vengeance rather than a desire to make this country better , " she says .
( Berezovsky was asked to comment on his relations with Pelevine through a London - based spokesman but did not respond . )
The final break , says Pelevine , came when Alexander Litvinenko , with whom she had been acquainted , was murdered in London in late 2006 .
Pelevine suspected that there might be more to the story than met the eye at first glance .
But the falling - out was far in the future when Pelevine and Yakhnev 's relationship started .
The security services would have kept a close watch on a man in Yakhnev 's position , and they certainly would have known about Pelevine and her links to Berezovsky .
She was just the sort of person that the FSB would want to keep away from someone like Yakhnev .
Why , then , did they allow the meetings to continue ?
It is possible that the Russian authorities told Yakhnev to keep the relationship going , curious to see if they had found a link to Berezovsky that could be exploited .
Amid what seemed to be the start of a serious relationship , both Pelevine and Yakhnev were always , at least partially , on their guard , never knowing if the other might have ulterior motives .
Yakhnev may have suspected that Pelevine was a honeytrap , working for MI6 or Berezovsky and keen to glean as much information from him as possible not for the innocent project of writing a play about Nord Ost , but for darker purposes .
Pelevine did n't know if Yakhnev had been told by his superiors to work her as a potential source on Berezovsky and Zakayev .
The bizarre relationship continued .
They seemed to be falling in love but , for obvious reasons , neither could fully trust the other .
Early one evening in the summer of 2006 , according to Pelevine , Yakhnev called her and said they needed to meet at the Metropole , a swish , palatial hotel , a stone 's throw from the Lubyanka , the infamous building where the KGB performed interrogations and executions , and which now serves as the headquarters of the FSB .
He led her into the casino , and sat her down at a table in a side - bar where a man was reading a copy of Kommersant , one of Russia 's leading daily newspapers .
At several of the other tables , lone men were seated , and in the corner some musicians were playing mood music .
" Can we really talk here , with all these people around ? " she asked him .
" It 's OK , everyone here is one of us , " replied Yakhnev , " Except the musicians . "
He gave a little laugh .
" There is someone I need you to meet . "
The third person at the table lowered his newspaper and introduced himself as a general lieutenant of the FSB , one of the top anti-terrorism officers in Russia 's sprawling spy network .
Yakhnev left .
The general was drinking a coffee , and Pelevine ordered a white wine to calm her nerves .
" The whole set - up was ridiculous , like something out of a movie , " recalls Pelevine .
" He asked me , in a very jokey way , how long I had been working for MI6 .
I did n't know what to say , so I replied , in the same manner , that I 'd been recruited while still at school . "
The conversation continued in a similar vein , with barbs disguised as jokes .
She asked if he wanted to recruit her ; he responded that they did n't just recruit anyone , but that she might just pass the test .
He then asked if she realised the significance of being recorded as having met with him , and soon after told her to leave .
She departed the meeting confused , scared , and furious with Yakhnev , and quickly left Moscow for London .
Something about the way they interacted with each other felt genuine , however , and the phone conversations , and then real - life meetings soon resumed .
They had the same sporadic , hastily - arranged character as before .
The meetings were intense , although it was rare that they could really be alone .
" The sexual life was pretty much non-existent ; things only happened on a few occasions , " says Pelevine .
" He twice took me back to a flat that was extremely basic , with a bed , a small kitchen and an empty fridge .
It was a place to recharge batteries , not to live . "
She never saw his real home or even knew where it was , nor did she even know his surname or how old he was .
Those were questions that could n't be asked .
What was clear was that they had found common ground .
For Pelevine , it was refreshing to meet someone in Yakhnev 's position who was so open and thoughtful about the consequences of his work .
For Yakhnev , many of Pelevine 's complaints about Russian policy in the Caucasus fell on understanding ears .
" I disagreed on the most fundamental issues , " he writes , in response to the question of whether he approved of the way Russia was fighting against terrorism .
" I always said that the people who participated in illegal terrorist forces in Chechnya and Dagestan did so for various reasons , and the same with those who supported them .
I constantly told my superiors that to solve these problems we needed not punitive measures , but socio-economic ones .
I also tried to explain that terrorists in Russia were n't financed from abroad , but by local political clans fighting for power in the north Caucasus republics , and wanting to secure power , administrative resources , and federal financing for themselves . "
In short , he completely disagreed with the official Russian line on terror in the Caucasus – that it was part of the international jihad movement and needed to be crushed mercilessly .
He also noted with distaste that some of the generals who were supposed to be fighting terrorism seemed more concerned with enriching themselves than with protecting Russia 's security .
One night in November 2007 , the pair of them went for dinner at a restaurant near the Luzhniki Stadium in the south - west of Moscow .
Yakhnev kept getting calls on his mobile phone and eventually they had to interrupt the meal and leave ; it seemed he was being called onto a mission .
" He drove me back home , and as we were driving down Prospekt Mira , on the way to my apartment , he said , ' I 'm thinking about leaving the service ' , " remembers Pelevine .
" I said ' What ?
How is that even possible ? '
He asked me if I 'd still be interested in him if he was n't an agent , and I said that of course I would . "
Yakhnev dropped Pelevine off at her apartment , and disappeared off into the night , as he always did .
It was the last time she saw him as a free man .
Aside from the research project about Nord Ost that had been germinating in Pelevine 's mind , there was the initial undertaking that had got her interested in the theatre siege – the play .
With the script finished in 2005 , she asked around her friends in the Moscow theatre world , to see if it was possible to stage a production in the city .
The script was controversial , with masked gunmen marauding down the aisles , and actors playing hostages scattered around the audience .
Many people she spoke to thought it was a brave idea , but nobody wanted anything to do with it .
Putting on a play like this in Russia , so soon after the siege , seemed like a dangerous idea .
In the end , the play opened for a short run at the small New End Theatre in Hampstead , London , in the autumn of 2006 .
It received lukewarm reviews from British critics , but some of the Russian siege survivors flew to London for the premiere and were impressed .
Coming from a country that tried its hardest to cover up the circumstances of the rescue operation , the victims were supportive of anything that would help keep the tragic events in the limelight .
Later , just before the arrest of Yakhnev , Pelevine heard through a friend that a Dagestani theatre director was interested to stage the play in Makhachkala , the capital of Dagestan and one of the most dangerous cities in Russia , where shoot - outs between Russian forces and militants occur on a frequent basis , and where some of Yakhnev 's trickiest missions had been .
It was a bold move to put on a play with this subject matter in such a place , but after negotiations , Pelevine wrote a Russian translation of the script and rehearsals began in earnest early in 2008 , around the time of Yakhnev 's arrest .
On 4 April , the day of the premiere , the cast and crew were told at the last minute that the president of Dagestan , Mukhu Aliyev , would be attending the performance with his entourage .
Hasty negotiations were made for a post - performance banquet , and a clever individual thought to inform the president 's security detail that the play featured actors dressed as terrorists .
" Lucky you told us , " said one , " or we would have shot them dead immediately . "
For the premiere , Pelevine had flown into the city , which sits on the Caspian Sea , near the majestic peaks and valleys of the Caucasus , home to the militants whom Yakhnev had been tasked to exterminate .
At 5.30 pm , the performance started .
At 7 pm the curtain fell ; videos of the performance show some of the audience in tears and many giving a standing ovation .
But while the audience applauded , the Dagestani president got up and swept out of the theatre with his entourage of government officials and security .
Shortly afterwards , the director got a phone call saying that the play should never be put on again .
President Aliyev claimed the play glorified terrorism , and accused Pelevine of being part of a London - based plot to destabilise Dagestan .
Then , just minutes after the curtain fell on the play in Russia for the first and only time , an explosion tore through Pelevine 's Moscow apartment block .
" I was on the phone to friends at Novaya Gazeta , telling them about what had happened with the play .
They knew roughly where I lived , and asked what street my apartment was on .
I told them .
They asked the number of the apartment block .
I told them .
' There 's just been a bomb , ' they said . "
An explosion had ripped through neighbouring apartments , killing three and causing huge damage to the home of Pelevine 's grandparents , where she stayed when she was in Moscow .
( Her Russian passport bears a stamp stating that she is registered at that address . )
Pelevine 's grandparents were not injured .
The city authorities initially claimed there had been a gas explosion ; later it was revealed that it had indeed been a bomb .
Two of her dead neighbours were linked with a far - right nationalist group whom , the authorities suggested , might have been trying to make an explosive device which had detonated by accident , killing them .
Although the Russian far right does not have a history of using bombs , preferring fists and knives , this is the version of events that has been sustained until now , with no proper investigation into the incident .
As so often in Russia with events such as these , there is no way of knowing if there was more to the incident than the official explanation suggests .
But bombs do not explode with regularity in Moscow ; and the timing was suspicious , to say the least .
A huge explosion , metres away from Pelevine 's grandparents , just minutes after the curtain had fallen on the first night of her play ; it seemed like a sign from someone that she should shut up and go away .
***
I first met Natalia Pelevine almost exactly a year ago .
I had heard about the fate of her play in Dagestan and asked to meet her to discuss the details for an article about the play which later appeared in The Independent .
We stayed in touch , and over time , she slowly began to reveal details about her relationship with Yakhnev and his arrest .
To start with , it sounded fantastical , but the more I heard the more interested I became , and in early April I decided to travel to Zherdevka to see the court case for myself .
I hitched a ride with Vladimir Samarin , the lawyer representing Yakhnev , and we left Moscow the morning before the hearing in his blue Land Rover .
As we drove south - east , through a monotonous pancake - flat landscape of birch trees sprouting like stubble from the last vestiges of the winter snow , he filled me in on the details of the trial so far .
Samarin , a wiry diminutive man , is an immensely likeable character , who likes to pepper his speech with jokey non-sequiturs .
After years in the Soviet navy , working in underwater special operations in the Pacific , he trained as a lawyer in the 1990s , and appears to have struck up a personal bond with Yakhnev during his time on the case .
We arrived in Tambov , the drab regional capital , famous for little except creating one of Russia 's most unpleasant mafia groupings , late in the afternoon .
The pre-trial detention centre where Yakhnev was being held was here , and Samarin left me with a bowl of borscht in a cafe across the road while he went off to meet his client .
While I slurped down the purple soup , a blonde girl in knee - high boots sung saccharine pop songs to the accompaniment of a Casio keyboard , and a few bored looking prostitutes sipped beers at the bar .
Early the next morning , we set off on the two - hour drive from Tambov to Zherdevka .
En route , we passed the place where the armed robbery is meant to have taken place , a nondescript petrol station with a few blue - painted pumps and a small shop , just before the turn - off from the main road to Zherdevka .
I would later receive answers from Yakhnev explaining exactly how he 'd ended up here .
The prosecution claims that a man in the Dagestan town of Kaspiisk , Ali Magomedov , had found out that two locals were due to transport a large sum of cash to Moscow .
He called his friend Arsen Muidov in Moscow , and suggested that they rob the two men during their journey .
Muidov recruited Yakhnev into the scheme to give them official cover , and another three men also joined the plot .
Late on the night of 26 January 2008 , Magomedov spotted the two men leaving , and called Muidov , who set out from Moscow with Yakhnev .
The two cars met near the turnoff to Zherdevka , about halfway between Moscow and Dagestan , and agreed they would ambush the third car at a nearby petrol station .
When the car approached , they cut off its path , shot at the car a few times , took the money and drove off .
Yakhnev tells it differently .
Arsen Muidov was a trusted contact who had worked with him since 1999 and provided many leads .
" In 2007 he [ Muidov ] introduced me to Ali Magomedov , resident of Kaspiisk , who was in Moscow at the time , " writes Yakhnev .
" During one of my trips to Dagestan in the summer of 2007 I met with Ali in Makhachkala .
I decided to recruit him as an information source .
After I became convinced of his loyalty to the federal forces , and the fight against the rebel forces , I started getting him involved . "
Magomedov became part of the shadowy network of agents and informers that secret services used to gather information in the north Caucasus , acting as a driver for Yakhnev on occasion and providing information on terrorist plots against the government .
When he met Muidov on 25 January , says Yakhnev , Muidov mentioned Magomedov 's tip - off about the money being transferred and asked him to go along with him .
Muidov claimed not to know where the money was from or who it belonged to , but asked Yakhnev to help .
" What is happening in the Caucasus is a war , " says Samarin , Yakhnev 's lawyer .
" In a war you have to trust the people you are working with , and Muidov and Magomedov were trusted contacts . "
" I decided to go with him because he asked me as a friend , " continues Yakhnev .
" He did n't tell me what was going to happen , and I do n't think he knew himself .
One of the reasons for me going was to find out who was transporting this kind of money and with what purpose .
It was professional interest . "
Nevertheless , it all sounded very suspicious , so Yakhnev left a file on his desk explaining where he was going .
He went out drinking with Sergei Badamshin and a couple of other friends , and late the next night , the call came from Magomedov , and so he left Moscow with Muidov and one of the latter 's Chechen acquaintances , and began the drive south towards the Caucasus .
He claims that during the incident , he did not even get out of his BMW or know what was happening .
Muidov returned with the money and they began to drive towards Moscow .
The car was apprehended not long after .
The police who stopped the vehicle , terrified when they saw his documents and realised who he was , told him to wait while they radioed Moscow .
From somewhere high up , the order came to ignore Yakhnev 's right not to be searched and arrest him .
Yakhnev 's version of events does sound odd , but it was exactly this sort of illicit money transfer that funded the terrorism that it was his job to prevent .
From the rumours I had heard about the corrupt activities of Russia 's secret services , it struck me that there were much easier and safer ways for a man in Yakhnev 's position who wanted to make money on the side to do so than by driving hours through the night to ambush some unknown Dagestanis .
Yakhnev himself was puzzled by the accusations , says Samarin .
" He said to me , ' If I 'd wanted to steal the money , it would have been so easy .
I would have just showed my papers to any traffic police post ; the policemen there would have been obliged to obey my commands , and stop the car , and I could have searched it and walked off with the money without firing a shot . ' "
When Yakhnev later said that everything would be cleared up if only his employers could produce the report he claims to have written before leaving Moscow , he was told that no such report was found – it had gone missing .
He also offered to take a lie - detector test , something that is allowed in some cases with special operatives , but his request was declined .
I asked him what he himself thought was behind his detention .
" Given the fact that I was a high - class specialist in my field , with huge operative abilities and contacts , I was able to talk with the leadership as an equal , and always give my opinion .
When everything was OK , they were forced to deal with me being inconvenient , but when this happened , they decided to get their own back , and pretended that this employee never existed .
At work , people were told that I had been the boss of a group that carried out contract killings , and had 10 or 20 murders on my hands . "
When I tried to make contact with some of Yakhnev 's former colleagues , I was told that nobody was willing to talk to me , even anonymously .
" Contact with my former colleagues has been completely cut off , " writes Yakhnev .
" They were threatened with being fired and put in prison .
The DSB [ internal security department ] got to work on those who were particularly ' eager ' to help . "
" Acquaintances who enquired in Tambov about getting involved in the case were told to stay away , " says Sergei Badamshin .
" People have been told in Tambov that if they so much as take an interest in the case , they will meet with the same fate . "
***
The courthouse was surrounded by police wielding Kalashnikovs , and riot police in their sky - blue fatigues .
One did rounds of the building with a sniffer dog .
Inside the small courtroom , eight policemen stood watch , two of them holding automatic weapons .
The six accused were led into the courtroom handcuffed , before being padlocked inside a metal barred cage and the handcuffs removed .
Yakhnev sat squashed together with the five Caucasians also accused ; there was only one other person sitting on the public benches .
The court hearing I attended revolved around a video recording of the interrogation of Magomedov , Yakhnev 's contact and also on trial , shortly after he had been arrested .
The Dagestani , who appears not to fully understand Russian , is asked about the robbery .
The interlocutor , off camera , peppers his sentences with swear words , and tells the Dagestani that he is " 100 per cent – no , 1,055 per cent – sure that you have committed other crimes which we"ll find out about , " so he better co-operate with this case .
The name of Yakhnev is mentioned by the investigator several times , suggesting what he might have been doing , but the Dagestani does n't admit to anything or implicate Yakhnev .
The investigator does n't ask about any of the others involved .
Strangely , the video is being offered not by the defence as an example of how absurd the investigation was , but by the prosecution as a key piece of evidence .
Samarin stands up and argues that , given the video recording was made without prior authorisation , it is inadmissible as evidence anyway .
The trial is adjourned for 10 days in order for the defence to prepare a statement to this effect , and the suspects are led out of the courtroom and into a police bus to make the two - hour journey back to the prison in Tambov .
" It 's pretty obvious your Yakhnev was set up , " says one of the local lawyers defending the other accused , as an aside to Samarin as they all leave the courtroom .
The presiding judge , says Samarin , has so far behaved impeccably , treating the defence arguments with respect and following all due procedures , far more than is common at Moscow courts .
At a subsequent hearing , the video evidence was duly disqualified .
But nevertheless , he doubts that this will lead to an acquittal .
" You have to remember that in Russia , only 0.8 per cent of cases end in acquittals , " he says .
Once a case has been brought to court , however weak the evidence may appear , it 's as good as over .
***
It 's a fact that the Nord Ost siege is one of the most sensitive episodes in recent Russian history , and there are many powerful people who would be anxious to keep a lid on what really happened .
So the kind of employee who told the truth about the nature of terrorism in the Caucasus , however useful he was in the field , may well have become regarded as an inconvenience .
In the end , the case throws up far more questions than it answers .
It 's impossible to know for sure if Andrei Yakhnev is facing jail because of his relationship with Pelevine , because of the things he told her , because of his attempts to stand up against his shadowy masters – or simply because he knew too much .
And that , above all , is a dangerous thing in today 's Russia .
The Super Nintoaster , like its predecessor , is a fully - functioning SNES case that does actually start games when the toast lever is pushed .
Advertisement
It does n't appear to toast bread anymore , but that 's probably for the best .
[ Craziest Gadgets ]
At least 10,000 protesters gathered and police fired water cannon but were unable to stop the crowd from breaking into the buildings .
Watch video
Credit : AP
" This is a very interesting concept which has potential to impact treatment of many conditions including erectile dysfunction if it can be translated from the animal lab to clinical practice , " said Ira D Sharlip of the AUA .
JOHANNESBURG , 12 March 2009 ( IRIN ) -
The international humanitarian community 's most important tool for raising resources for action in Zimbabwe , the Consolidated Appeals Process ( CAP ) , is out of date and in need of revision .
The question is whether appealing for more funds to keep pace with worsening conditions will actually translate into enough money to remedy them .
The CAP 2009 was launched in November 2008 , but " the situation in [ Zimbabwe ] has obviously moved on , " Catherine Bragg , UN Assistant Secretary - General for Humanitarian Affairs and Deputy Emergency Relief Coordinator , told IRIN .
Discussions were underway to ensure the CAP 2009 document better reflected the current humanitarian crisis in Zimbabwe , Bragg noted after leading a UN assessment mission to the country at the end of February .
" The cholera epidemic is still ongoing and the humanitarian situation has gotten much worse . "
By early March cholera had claimed more than 4,000 lives and nearly 90,000 Zimbabweans had been infected since the outbreak began in August 2008 .
The food security situation is still deteriorating rapidly : the original CAP 2009 projected 5.1 million Zimbabweans depending on food aid in the first quarter of 2009 , but that number is now closer to 7 million .
Growing hunger , growing needs
Halfway through 2008 , the humanitarian community in Zimbabwe estimated it would take around US$ 350 million to address immediate needs in the country ; by November the figure in the CAP had grown to US $ 550 million .
The new numbers were mainly a reflection of rising food insecurity - the food component shot up from US $ 173 million at the beginning of 2008 to US $ 411 million by the 2008 mid-year review .
" A 137 percent increase , " Luke McCallin , the Flash Appeal Coordinator of the Consolidated Appeals Process ( CAP ) at the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) , told IRIN .
In January 2009 the sharp increase in the number of emergency food aid beneficiaries lead to a halving of cereal rations , which were already cut in late 2008 in the face of donor funding shortfalls .
By March 2009 the collapse of Zimbabwe 's health sector and the unprecedented outbreak of cholera caused the CAP to balloon to well over US $ 570 million .
Expectations are that the latest revision will lift the required amount beyond that , but the exact figure remains unclear .
" It is difficult to tell at this stage .
There is an agreement to conduct inter-agency assessments that will inform the CAP Review , " said Muktar Ali Farah , the Officer in Charge at OCHA in Zimbabwe .
Asking for money is one thing ; getting donors to shell out is another .
As of 12 March 2008 , commitments to the 2009 CAP covered a mere 18 percent of requirements .
CAPs are notoriously underfunded , particularly early in the year .
The average level of funding for all CAPs worldwide in 2009 so far is at 25 percent .
" Zimbabwe is not far off the pace in terms of other African CAPs , either percentage - wise or in dollar amounts , " McCallin said .
Having the money at the right time is often crucial .
" One of the problems we have in general with CAPs is that donor financial years vary widely , and so their decisions on when and how much to fund do not always correspond to the needs as we identify them .
For example , we often get increased funding towards the end of the year as donors look to spend their annual amounts . "
' Lifesaving ' semantics
Competing priorities mean the spread of limited finance across the various sectors of intervention has reached a critical point .
" Zimbabwe is facing a multisector crisis .
Food , health , water supply and Sanitation , and protection remain the main priorities at the moment , " Muktar noted .
" The problem in Zimbabwe ... is that funding has not been going to sectors of the emergency which critically need it , such as agriculture and economic recovery , " McCallin said .
Sectors usually not perceived as ' life - saving ' had long been downplayed due to their developmental nature .
The CAP is a strictly ' humanitarian ' financing tool , and thus traditionally restricted to short - term emergency needs , but does make provision for including support to communities requiring emergency early recovery to strengthen coping mechanisms and sustainable livelihoods - this is a grey area between humanitarian and development work .
The CAP 2009 document noted the need to bridge the gap between what is humanitarian and what is developmental : " Support to development sectors and activities in Zimbabwe has traditionally been poor .
" Considering that the CAP remains one of the few funding frameworks for donor engagement in Zimbabwe , and despite the prevailing political uncertainty , it will require more donor support to essential sectors that were critically underfunded in 2008 . "
Getting the message out
The humanitarian community has consistently advocated emergency funding for agriculture , watsan [ water and sanitation ] , education , and HIV and AIDS .
" Although they represent underlying causes and require mid- to long - term approaches , they also fall under emergency needs .
For example , in Zimbabwe an estimated 2,300 persons die per week due to HIV / AIDS , and on an average only 250 persons die due to cholera , " Muktar said .
According to Bragg , " there are a number of sectors in particular that we need to revise .
Water and sanitation and health are obvious , in terms of trying to contain cholera as well as other infectious diseases .
The breakdown of the health sector had not been to such an extent when we did the consolidated appeal [ in November 2008 ] , " she commented .
" Traditionally we do n't include a lot of agricultural activities in a humanitarian appeal but in this case we have to look at this as life - saving , in the sense that if we do n't do it , next year we will continue to have seven million people requiring direct food aid , " Bragg said .
" We think , and we hope , that we will be in an environment where we can carry out some of our traditional protection activities ...
We think there is now a slight opening for that . "
Development sectors would include emergency agriculture and education , health , water and sanitation , assistance to victims of politically motivated violence , and sustainable return and reconciliation in affected communities .
" Any delay in addressing these needs will only result in a greater humanitarian caseload , " the CAP 2009 document warned .
According to McCallin , donors have picked up on the need : " Health , in the specific context of Zimbabwe , has done better this year [ 2009 ] , probably because of the attention to the cholera outbreak . "
The health requirement was 8 percent funded in 2006 , 30 percent in 2007 , and 57 percent in 2008 , he noted .
" On a related issue , for WASH [ water , sanitation and hygiene ] - which is inextricably linked to the health crisis and cholera outbreak - the funding over the same few years has been 17 percent , 60 percent and 90 percent respectively .
There is a trend there , which is probably improved donor response to a growing crisis . "
tdm/he
A young German chemist named Germar Rudolf took crumbling bits of plaster from the walls of Auschwitz in 1993 and sent them to a lab for analysis .
There were plenty of traces of cyanide gas in the delousing chambers where Nazi camp commanders had had blankets and clothing fumigated .
There was up to a thousand times less in the rooms described as human gas chambers .
Rudolf , a doctoral candidate at Stuttgart University , concluded that large numbers of Jews may have died of typhoid , starvation and murder at Europe ’s most famous World War II death camp , but none of them died in a gas chamber .
When a report on his findings -- commissioned by a former Third Reich general - - got out , Rudolf lost his job at the respected Max Planck Institute and his doctoral degree was put on hold .
He was sentenced to 14 months in prison under a 1985 German law making it a crime to incite racial hatred , his landlord kicked him out , he fled into exile and his wife filed for divorce .
There are many who say Rudolf got exactly what he deserved .
But to the increasingly vocal movement of Holocaust deniers and revisionists , Rudolf stands as a crucial figure because of what he represents : a highly trained chemist who purports -- despite a wide variety of scientific evidence to the contrary -- to have physical proof that the gas chambers at Auschwitz did not exist .
Advertisement
Over the last decade , supporters of such theories have scrutinized hundreds of thousands of pages of Third Reich documents and diaries made available after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
They have analyzed gas chamber construction .
They have pinpointed contradictions and hard - to - believe details in stories told by camp survivors and , amid nearly universal scorn from the academic establishment , won testimonials for some of their work from academics at respected institutions , such as Northwestern University and the University of Lyon .
The revisionists , whose theories will be at the center of a high - profile libel trial scheduled to begin Tuesday in London , are not operating in a vacuum .
A 1993 poll by the Roper Organization found that 22 % of Americans thought it possible that the Holocaust never happened .
The theorists contend that far fewer than 6 million Jews died in Europe during World War II -- and that most of those who died did so through starvation , disease and ad hoc executions carried out by lower - level Nazi officers .
That scenario has been almost universally dismissed as a flawed misreading of history , cooked up out of deep - seated anti-Semitism .
Indeed , at least two dozen people have been prosecuted in Germany , France , Spain , Austria , Poland and Canada since 1990 under various laws prohibiting racial hatred and the defaming of the memory of those who died in Nazi death camps for even questioning what has become one of the defining horrors of the modern age .
Advertisement
Now one of the leading deniers of the Holocaust , British historian David Irving , is striking back , suing the most prominent critic of the movement , Emory University professor Deborah Lipstadt , for libel .
The trial is likely to feature many of the world ’s premier WWII historians weighing in on the mechanics , logistics , chain of command and blueprints for the extermination of millions of European Jews .
In her book , “ Denying the Holocaust : The Growing Assault on Truth and Memory , ” Lipstadt accuses Irving of skewing documents and misrepresenting data .
The book quotes analysts who describe his work as “ closer to theology or mythology than to history . ”
As a British citizen , Irving can take advantage of British libel law , which places much of the burden on Lipstadt to prove her book did not libel the historian .
Irving says his lawsuit will prove Lipstadt ’s book is part of an international Jewish campaign to discredit him .
Irving , author of biographies of Adolf Hitler and his propaganda chief , Joseph Goebbels , has argued that Hitler has never been found to have ordered a massive extermination of the Jews and , in fact , tried to stop some of the killings .
He has described Auschwitz as “ a very brutal slave labor camp , where probably 100,000 Jews died . ”
And not unlike U.S. Reform Party presidential candidate Patrick J. Buchanan , he asserts the world would have been better served if Winston Churchill had accepted Hitler ’s peace overtures in 1940 and allowed Hitler to fight it out with Josef Stalin in Russia .
Confronting Deniers ’ Arguments Head-On
Advertisement
Lipstadt was among the first in the American Jewish community to abandon the long - standing practice of ignoring the Holocaust deniers , choosing instead to confront their arguments head - on .
Her book accuses Irving of misreading documents and distorting facts .
Historians she quotes have said Irving ignores the fact that the Nazis deliberately avoided a paper trail and that it is quite plausible that Hitler would never personally have affixed his signature to the Final Solution .
She cites accusations by prominent British historian Hugh Trevor - Roper that Irving “ seizes on a small and dubious particle of ‘ evidence ’ ” and allegedly uses it “ to dismiss far more substantial evidence that may not support his thesis . ”
“ There are more people in the United States who believe that Elvis Presley is alive than who believe the Holocaust did n’t happen .
As an American , that ’s a demi-consolation , ” Lipstadt said in an interview .
“ But I see it as a clear and future danger .
The future danger is when there are no people left who can say in the first - person singular , ‘ This is what happened to me , ’ it ’s going to be much easier to deny it . ”
Advertisement
For Irving , who is regarded in some mainstream quarters as one of the premier documentarians of the Third Reich , it is an issue of professional vindication .
It is no accident , he says , that he has been banned from even entering Canada , Italy , Germany and Austria because of Holocaust denial laws in those countries .
“ They regard me as dangerous , and the word ‘ dangerous ’ puzzles me , ” he said .
“ I do n’t go around punching people in the face .
. . . ‘ Dangerous ’ can only mean dangerous to their interests , either in the long term or the short term .
“ In the end , it is n’t really a question of whether it ’s 6 million or only 1 million ” Jews who died .
“ I think the figures have been inflated , and the significance of the inflation is that the Jewish community is trying to make out that their suffering is unique in its grandeur and the methods applied to achieve it .
And it was n’t .
It was just one of the many barbarisms committed under the cloak of war . ”
Some revisions in Holocaust history have been generally accepted .
Stories that Jewish remains were manufactured into soap and lampshades have been dismissed as myth .
There were , most historians now agree , no human gasings at Dachau .
Deaths at Auschwitz , once estimated , based on the testimony of Nazi commanders , at up to 3 million have been scaled back to about 1.1 million .
Even the widely accepted figure of 6 million Jewish dead all over Europe has been questioned in recent years by some of the world ’s most prominent Holocaust scholars .
Raul Hilberg and Robert Jan van Pelt , two of the leading authorities , now believe the figure is probably closer to 5.1 million .
Advertisement
Still , scholars say , the evidence of a massive extermination campaign that resulted in the deaths of millions of Jews is so exhaustive that it is irrefutable .
It includes detailed stories from camp survivors , confessions and memoirs from Nazi commandants ( including Auschwitz commander Rudolf Hoess ) , testimony of Jewish prisoners who removed bodies from the gas chambers , blueprints uncovered from newly opened archives in Moscow that document construction of the gas chambers , records from the contractors who built the gas chambers and orders for large quantities of hydrogen cyanide gas , far more than would have been needed for fumigation , according to Van Pelt and others .
There is the sheer number of Jews who arrived at the camps and never left , far more than could have fallen victim to disease or starvation , most historians believe .
Since when , Lipstadt wants to know , does anyone in the name of academic inquiry have the right to claim there is “ another side ” to the Holocaust debate ?
And why is there even a debate ?
Advertisement
To this , Rudolf , who could be called as a witness at the trial , says that no issue of history should be exempt from reexamination -- even if it pains the victims .
In convicting him , Rudolf says , the court took no notice of prominent German military historian Joachim Hoffman , who credited the quality of Rudolf ’s research and said that to suppress it would “ work a powerful hindrance to legitimate striving for scientific understanding . ”
The court apparently was moved , however , by a preface by the former Third Reich general who had commissioned Rudolf to do the research , Otto Ernst Remer , who in 1992 himself was sentenced to prison for incitement to racial hatred .
Could a report commissioned by a man like Remer - - who once joked while sniffing a cigarette lighter that he was mimicking “ a Jew nostalgic for Auschwitz " - - ever be a justifiable contribution to scientific literature ?
More to the point , says Irving , should there be political limits on academic inquiry ?
Advertisement
“ I think , by the end of this case , the word ‘ scholarship ’ will come to stink , ” Irving predicts .
“ Scholars tend to award that accolade to each other .
And their scholarship usually consists of sitting in libraries reading each others ’ books . ”
Irving prides himself on relying on primary sources for his biographies : interviews or diaries of the principals , radio transmission intercepts , memorandums .
In the case of his book “ Hitler ’s War , ” Irving interviewed in detail most of the surviving members of Hitler ’s staff and only used documents that would have crossed Hitler ’s desk .
In the process , Irving said he did not come across a single document or interview that indicated Hitler had ordered a campaign to exterminate the Jews .
“ Others who have come across with something have looser criteria than I do , like the Nuremberg trials .
. . .
I wo n’t accept that .
Not standing by itself , ” he said .
Advertisement
Irving ’s numerous critics say he fails to address the fact that the extermination campaign was carried out in deliberate secrecy , without written orders .
SS chief Heinrich Himmler “ explicitly forbade all discussion of it , and if it had to be mentioned , it was always disguised as ‘ resettlement ’ or ‘ transport to the east , ’ ” Trevor - Roper pointed out in a review of Irving ’s book .
St. Martin’s
Press abruptly dropped plans to publish Irving ’s controversial biography of Goebbels in 1996 in the wake of a storm of criticism from reviewers , the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith and even , according to some employees , telephone death threats against the book ’s editor .
Thomas McCormack , chairman of the publishing house , said he read the book and found it “ repellent [ and ] effectively anti-Semitic . ”
When the Doubleday Military Book Club backed out as well , Irving self - published the book , calling the whole affair “ the most extraordinary treatment of a historian since what the Iranians did to Salman Rushdie . ”
Yet Irving has his admirers as well .
Christopher Hitchens , writing of Irving ’s work in Vanity Fair , called him “ not just a Fascist historian , [ but ] . . . also a great historian of Fascism . ”
Gordon A. Craig , considered the dean of German historians , acknowledged that Irving has been an “ annoyance ” but said : “ The fact is that he knows more about national socialism than most professional scholars in his field . ”
His book on Hitler , Craig said , “ remains the best study we have of the German side of the Second World War . ”
On the advice of her lawyers , Lipstadt wo n’t discuss Irving or the upcoming trial .
But she did say there is a danger in allowing what she calls Holocaust deniers to wear the mantle of legitimate revisionists -- those who look at accepted history and raise new and often enlightening questions .
Advertisement
Political Agenda Cited by Lipstadt
“ There ’s a definite political agenda , ” she said .
“ This is not just Looney Tunes history .
These are people who want to make national socialism respectable again .
And how do you make a thoroughly discredited movement respectable ?
“ First of all , you deal with moral equivalencies .
You say , ‘ Oh yes , the Germans bombed London , but the Allies bombed Dresden .
There were Bergen - Belsen and Auschwitz , but the Americans had camps for the Americans of Japanese descent . ’
But there ’s no moral equivalency for them to bring up about the Holocaust .
So instead , they are left denying the Holocaust .
And denying it in such a way that you almost hear them saying , ‘ It did n’t happen , but it should have . ’ ”
Van Pelt , who is considered one of the world ’s leading authorities on Auschwitz , prepared an 800 - page report on the death camp for the trial .
“ The whole idea of trying to prove the Holocaust is , for me , a kind of ridiculous exercise .
But in some ways , it forces historians to show what they can do .
I think the case has forced me . . . to look at things I preferred not to look at in the past , ” he said .
Advertisement
Van
Pelt now can tell you how the gas chambers operated , how the capsules of Zyklon B were dropped in the ceiling vents , how the bodies were hauled out , and how long it took human beings to die at what concentrations of gas ( about 35 minutes , in most cases ) .
Van
Pelt ’s new report has not yet been made public , and Rudolf has not responded to it .
“ I can deal with Himmler .
I can deal with Hoess .
There ’s a certain kind of naive honesty in what they do , however evil it is , ” Van Pelt said .
“ But the contortions and complete fabrications of these deniers is obscene .
“ What they do is take all kinds of very straightforward evidence and basically turn it upside down .
And it ’s an incredible effort to simply sit there and take every sentence they write and compare it to the record .
. . .
It does n’t help you to understand anything except the contortions of their minds .
And their minds are not very interesting . ”
Emre Toraman Scores In His Own Goal Twice In The Same Game
Total Pro Sports –
If you ever thought that missing 3 consecutive glorious scoring opportunities and a boll - boy assisting his home team in a goal were impossible , then you were wrong .
Today we bring you the ultimate soccer mishap ever in the history of the sport .
The soccer game took place in the Turkish Soccer League between Eskisehirspor and Bursaspor .
Eskisehirspor ’s center - half Emre Toraman ultimately thanks that he is not Andres Escobar .
( Remember Andres Escobar of Colombia Own Goal in 94 World Cup ? see video below )
The only difference between Toraman and Escobar is that Escobar scored in his own net only once and was killed after for costing his country the game .
Emre Toroman beat Escobar by one and scored in his own net twice in the same game and he is still alive today to talk about it .
Unlucky and lucky all in the same day !!!
The final score of the game : 2 Bursaspor ( Emre Toran own goals ) – 1 Eskisehirspor .
Andres Escobar Own Goal in 94 World Cup
Share This
Once upon a time , you could drive to the most remote reaches of the United States and escape Rush Limbaugh .
But from the Mogollon Mountains of New Mexico to the Badlands of South Dakota , where only the delicious twang of a country tune or the high - pitched pleadings of a lone lunatic came over the AM dial , there is now the Mighty El Rushbo .
As someone who spends a lot of time on the road , I used to find Limbaugh to be an obnoxious but entertaining companion , his eruptions more reliable than Old Faithful .
But now that Limbaugh has become something else — the face of the Republican Party , by a White House that has played him brilliantly — he has been transformed into car - wreck - quality spectacle , at once scary and sad .
Behold :
The sweaty , swollen man in the black , half - buttoned shirt who ranted for nearly 90 minutes Saturday at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
He reiterated his desire to see the president of his country fail .
He misstated the Constitution ’s intent while accusing President Obama of “ bastardizing ” the document .
He made fun of one man ’s service in Vietnam , to laughter .
( J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press )
David Letterman compared him to an Eastern European gangster .
But he looked more like a bouncer at a strip club who spent all his tips on one bad outfit .
And for the Republican Party , Limbaugh has become very much a vice .
Smarter Republicans know he is not good for them .
As the conservative writer David Frum said recently , “ If you ’re a talk radio host and you have five million who listen and there are 50 million who hate you , you make a nice living .
If you ’re a Republican party , you ’re marginalized . ”
Polling has found Limbaugh , a self - described prescription - drug addict who sees America from a private jet , to be nearly as unpopular as Rev. Jeremiah Wright , who damned America in the way that Limbaugh has now damned the nation ’s newly elected leader .
But Republicans just ca n’t quit him .
So even poor Michael Steele , the nominal head of the Republican Party who dared to criticize him , had to grovel and crawl back to the feet of Limbaugh .
Some expected more mettle from Steele .
After all , this rare African - American Republican won his post after defeating a candidate who submitted the parody song from Limbaugh ’s show : “ Barack the Magic Negro . ”
Race is an obsession with Limbaugh , one of the threads I noticed on those long drives on country roads .
When Colin Powell endorsed Obama during the campaign , Limbaugh said it was entirely because of race .
After the election , Powell said the way for the party , which has been his home , to regain its footing was to say the Republican Party must stop “ shouting at the world . ”
In 2003 , Limbaugh said quarterback Donovan McNabb was overrated because the media wanted a black to succeed .
Over the next six years , McNabb threw for nearly 150 touchdowns and went to a Super Bowl .
And Limbaugh launched the current battle when he said of Obama : “ We are being told that … we have to bend over , grab the ankles , bend over forward , backward , whichever , because his father was black , because this is the first black president . ”
Translation : submit sexually to a black man because “ someone ” is telling us all to .
Who ?
Which leaders of the Democratic Party have made such a claim ?
Which opinion - makers ?
But therein lies the main tactic of Limbaugh , an old demagogue technique : create a straw man , then tear it down .
The latest example was Saturday , when Limbaugh presented himself as the defender of capitalism , liberty and unfettered free markets .
Obama , he has said since , is waging a “ war on capitalism . ”
There is a war , all right .
We are witnessing the worst debacle of unfettered capitalism in our lifetime brought on by — you got it , capitalism at its worst .
It cannibalized itself .
Government , sad to say , had nothing to do with it — except for criminal neglect of oversight .
Now that government has been forced to the rescue , just who is insisting on taxpayer bailouts ?
Who is in line for handouts ?
Who is saying that only government can save capitalism ?
The very leaders of unregulated markets who injected this poison into the economy , the very plutocrats that Limbaugh celebrates .
And , of course , let us never forget that the bailouts of banks and insurance companies were initiated by the Republican president Limbaugh defended for eight years .
Of late , Limbaugh has wondered why he has trouble with women .
His base is white , male , Republican — people the party has to stop pandering to if it hopes to govern soon .
It ’s little wonder that the thrice - married Limbaugh , who uses “ femi - Nazi , ” “ info - babe ” and “ PMSNBC ” ( Get it ?
The network is full of women suffering pre-menstrual cramps , ha - ha ) , among his monikers for women , ca n’t get a date with that demographic .
For Democrats , this is all going to plan .
It was James Carville and associates who first cooked up associating Limbaugh with the opposition , as Politico reported .
Then on Sunday , White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said Limbaugh was the “ voice and the intellectual force and energy behind the Republican Party . ”
Limbaugh played his role , ever the fool .
A brave Republican could have challenged him , could have had a “ have you no shame ” moment with him , giving the party some other identity , some spine .
Instead , they caved — from Steele , to the leaders in the House , Eric Cantor and Mike Pence , to Gov. Bobby Jindal , who would be ridiculed by Limbaugh for his real first name , Piyush , were he a Democrat .
You could almost hear their teeth clattering in fear of the all - powerful talk radio wacko , the denier of global warming , the man who said Bill Clinton ’s economic policies would fail just before an unprecedented run of prosperity .
But Limbaugh has a fear of his own .
If people see him purely as an “ entertainer , ” as Steele suggested , he will be exposed for what he is : a clown with a very large audience .
Vous avez fixé la date pour la fête du baptême de votre enfant ?
Il ne vous reste plus qu’à préparer la réception .
Vous devez …
To stay on top of the latest trends in online marketing means reporting and analyzing an assortment of topics — from ad networks to social networks .
The top 11 news articles published by ClickZ ’s news team in 2009 offers insight into online marketing ’s evolution , plus includes a tribute to ClickZ ’s cofounder Andrew Bourland who died in February .
1. YouTube Plans Redesign to Highlight Premium Content
YouTube plans to separate its premium and long - form programming from user - posted videos .
March 30 , 2009
By Zachary Rodgers
2. Agencies Break Away From Ad Networks
Vivaki , Razorfish , Mediabrands , and others buy display ads direct from exchanges .
Will the ad network herd be thinned ?
Oct. 12 , 2009
By Zachary Rodgers
3. Businesses Turn to Twitter to Cut Recruitment Costs
The value of Twitter as a platform for finding new employees , however , remains unproven .
March 24 , 2009
By Jack Marshall
4. The Gap Steps Up to Social Media in New Denim Campaign
Campaign has no TV commercials , places greater emphasis on Facebook and online advertising .
Aug. 17 , 2009
By Douglas Quenqua
5. Vertical Ad Networks Clash With Custom Targeting
To reach niches , many ad buyers choose between vertical aggregators and large networks with advanced targeting .
Jan. 12 , 2009
By Zachary Rodgers
6. Girls ’ Retailer Builds Virtual World for Tweens
Speciality retailer plans extensive tie-ins between its virtual world and more than 900 real - life stores .
March 4 , 2009
By Douglas Quenqua
7. ClickZ Cofounder Andrew Bourland Dies
In his final weeks , the entrepreneur embraced the medium he so loved and reached out to friends and followers .
Feb. 16 , 2009
By Anna Maria Virzi
8. Ad Operation Failures Dog Agencies , Crippling Client Campaigns
Only a minority of campaign impressions ever reach their intended audience , researchers say .
March 3 , 2009
By Zachary Rodgers
9. Display Ad Prices Fell 50 Percent in Q4 ’08
very vertical category suffered steep declines compared with the year - ago period , according to PubMatic .
Jan. 15 , 2009
By Douglas Quenqua
10 . Despite Debate , Brands Find Value on Twitter
While detractors argue brands do n’t belong on the quick messaging platform , brands like Ford , Dunkin ’ Donuts , and Whole Foods are on Twitter .
Dec. 29 , 2008
By Kate Kaye
11 . How ‘ Yes on Prop 8 ’ Campaign Took the Web by Storm
Conservatives won the Web effort in California ’s intense fight over same - sex marriage , and voter - file data matching was just part of the strategy .
April 6 , 2009
By Kate Kaye
Note :
This list is based on ClickZ news articles that received the highest number of page views in 2009 .
FREE CBD Topical Cream 5 - Pack Sample Request this 5 - pack of Travel Size CBD Topical Cream 99 % Pure Organic CBD Isolate THC Free - Cool Menthol for a limited time only !
Just follow the instructions below to request this freebie .
How to get free CBD sample : Visit the company ’s website by clicking “ Get This Offer ( External Websi ... Read More Advertisement
FREE Wanderer Beauty Perfume Sample Request this free Wanderer Beauty Perfume Sample for a limited time only !
Just follow the instructions below to request this freebie .
How to get free sample :
Visit the company ’s website by clicking “ Get This Offer ( External Website ) ”
Wait for the popup , then enter your contact and ... Read More
FREE Puerto Rico’s Finest CBD
Coffee Sample Request this free 10g single severing of Puerto Rico ’s Finest CBD Coffee Sample for a limited time only !
Just follow the instructions below to request this freebie .
Thank you very much Jennifer !
How to get free coffee sample :
Visit the company ’s website by clicking “ Get This Offer ... Read More
2 FREE Makeup Sponges + $ 35 Gift Card From PinkPanel ( Must Apply )
Apply to score a free 2 Makeup Sponges 14 - day product test .
Just apply by taking PinkPanel ’s short survey below within several business days to see if you qualify !
PinkPanel is very consistent in notifying folks within a few days , good luck .
Note :
You can also sign up for alerts from PinkPanel ... Read More Advertisement
Possible FREE Gillette or Venus Razor at CVS + Earn A Profit ( App / Coupon Required )
Right now at CVS , everyone can clip digital coupons for $ 2 off Gillette and Venus Razors .
And if you are one of the lucky select account holders , you can get an additional high value coupon from the CVS Coupon Center or the app that makes your razors free and earns you a profit !
How to get your free ... Read More
Amazon Promo Codes List – September 30th , 2020
Here is today ’s list of Amazon Promo Codes !
Total Amazon Promo Codes : 3956 Last Updated : September 30 , 2020 01:48 EST
Note :
These multi-use Amazon promotional codes can expire fast , if the code does n’t work the deal is over or you may need to try another merchant / variation of the product ...
Read More Advertisement
FREE Cool Maker Girls Spa Night Party Pack ( Must Apply To Host Tryazon Party )
Apply to host a Tryazon party and if you get selected you ’ll get a free party pack with the following prizes : 1 Orbeez Soothing Spa , 1 Hollywood Hair Studio , 1 Go Glam Nail Salon and more .
Tryazon is a party site where you apply to host a party with friends in exchange for party packs that are ... Read More
FREE $ 4-$ 500 Domino ’s Pizza Gift Cards For First To Respond A Text
This one is back again , Domino ’s just wanted to keep giving you more .
The first to respond to a mysterious text from Domino ’s Pizza will get a $ 4 or higher gift card from them if you are one of the first few thousand .
Most folks will get at $ 4 or $ 5 gift card , but hey , if you are super f ... Read More Advertisement
FREE MegaFood Women ’s One Daily Multivitamin Soft Chews ( Mom Ambassador Membership Required )
Get this MegaFood Women ’s One Daily Multivitamin Soft Chews freebie .
Apply to see if you can one free !
You must be a Mom Ambassador to be invited to this freebie , there is no guarantee .
It is worth membership as I ’ve seen many awesome freebie packs from this program if you get picked , ju ... Read More
DEAL ALERT : Amazon Music 4 Months For $ 0.99 Getting tired of Pandora or Spotify or looking to upgrade your music experience in general ?
Amazon Music has a sweet deal for $ 0.99 for the first 4 months of Amazon Music .
Amazon Music is a premium service like Spotify or Pandora where you can listen to great music online , offline and across your de ... Read More
Kindle eBook Freebies & Discounts For 9/30/2020
Do you love reading ?
I got the latest freebies and deeply discounted Kindle eBooks for you all in one place .
You can also view the top 395 free Kindle eBooks list here or the top 1200 discounted Kindle eBooks list here .
Here are the deals for 9/30 / 2020 .
Enjoy .
Haunted From Without : A Gripping Crime ... Read More Advertisement
FREE Udemy Courses List – 9/30/2020 Total Courses : 130 Last Updated : 2020-09-30 06:58
Knowledge is power !
Enjoy this great list of free and discounted courses for Udemy .
Search by course name : Just type word like “ Guitar ” and the list will automatically update below .
Sort by Title Sort by Rating Reset Filters
No results , t ... Read More
Best Deals Today Online For 9/30/2020 From Major Stores Like Walmart , Amazon , Best Buy & More
Here is a great list of the best deals today to save you money this year from stores like Amazon , Walmart , Home Depot , Best Buy and more !
The pricing or coupons may change rapidly , if the prices are different than mentioned below , the deal is likely over but do n’t fret we are always on the loo ... Read More
Buy One Get One FREE Carvel Soft Sundae Every Wednesday Carvel Ice Cream invites you to celebrate Wednesday with a Sundae !
Buy any cup or cone of soft ice cream sundae in any size and any flavor to get another free .
The offer is available for a limited time .
Make sure the offer still shows up on Carvel ’s coupon section here , if not the offer is ove ... Read More Advertisement
Are you an American who worries about terrorism ?
Stop .
If you want to worry about something , here 's John Goekler 's Counterpunch article on the statistically likely killers that you need to fear :
According to the US Department of Health and Human Services , between 310,000 and 580,000 of us will commit suicide by cigarette this year .
Another 260,000 to 470,000 will go in the ground due to poor diet and sedentary lifestyle .
And some 85,000 of us will drink to our own departure .
After the person in the mirror , the next most dangerous individual we 're ever likely to encounter is one in a white coat .
Something like 200,000 of us will experience " cessation of life " due to medical errors – botched procedures , mis-prescribed drugs and " nosocomial infections " .
( The really nasty ones you get from treatment in a hospital or healthcare service unit . )
The next most dangerous encounter the average American is likely to have is with a co-worker with an infection .
Or a doorknob , stair railing or restaurant utensil touched by someone with the crud .
" Microbial Agents " ( read bugs like flu and pneumonia ) will send 75,000 of us to meet the Reaper this year .
If we live through those social encounters , the next greatest danger is " Toxic Agents " – asbestos in our ceiling , lead in our pipes , the stuff we spray on our lawns or pour down our clogged drains .
Annual body count from these handy consumer products is around 55,000 …
Imagine what the world could look like if we made a conscious choice to live out whatever time we have with courage , compassion , service and joy .
Terrorism is an act of the weak .
But so is walking through the airport in our socks .
The Obama administration is making a sweeping defense of government wiretaps that critics say goes far beyond the post - 9/11 claims of the Bush administration .
MORE : TROOPS IN IRAQ CHEER ‘GI ’ O
MORE : KUMAR JOINS THE O TEAM
MORE : 11 - YEAR - OLD ‘SUICIDE BOMBER ’ ARRESTED
The Justice Department has delivered the first government response to a lawsuit brought last year by AT&T customers to stop what they called a “ dragnet ” program that indiscriminately monitored phone calls and e-mails .
Its brief filed in San Francisco Friday used the same argument as the Bush administration — that the government has a privilege to keep “ state secrets ” in matters of national security .
But it also claimed the Patriot Act gives the feds a broad - ranging “ sovereign immunity ” to conduct domestic spying .
“ The administration is arguing that the US can never be sued for spying that violates federal several surveillance statutes , ” said Kevin Bankston , lawyer for the plaintiffs .
Summary : Precise communication in a handful of words ?
The editors at BBC News achieve it every day , offering remarkable headline usability .
It 's hard enough to write for the Web and meet the guidelines for concise , scannable , and objective content .
It 's even harder to write Web headlines , which must be :
short ( because people do n't read much online )
( because people do n't read much online ) rich in information scent , clearly summarizing the target article
, clearly summarizing the target article front - loaded with the most important keywords ( because users often scan only the beginning of list items )
with the most important keywords ( because users often scan only the beginning of list items ) understandable out of context ( because headlines often appear without articles , as in search engine results )
( because headlines often appear without articles , as in search engine results ) predictable , so users know whether they 'll like the full article before they click ( because people do n't return to sites that promise more than they deliver )
For several years , I 've been very impressed with BBC News headlines , both on the main BBC homepage and on its dedicated news page .
Most sites routinely violate headline guidelines , but BBC editors consistently do an awesome job .
Concise and Informative
On a recent visit , the BBC list of headlines for " other top stories " read as follows :
Italy buries first quake victims
Romania blamed over Moldova riots
Ten arrested in UK anti-terrorism raids
Villagers hurt in West Bank clash
Mass
Thai protest over leadership
Iran accuses journalist of spying
Around the world in 38 words .
The average headline consumed a mere 5 words and 34 characters .
The amount of meaning they squeezed into this brief space is incredible : every word works hard for its living .
I 'm rarely that concise .
Each headline conveys the gist of the story on its own , without requiring you to click .
Even better , each gives you a very good idea of what you 'll get if you do click and lets you judge — with a high degree of confidence — whether you 'll be interested in the full article .
As a result , you wo n't waste clicks .
You 'll click through to exactly those news items you want to read .
The site 's top news headlines warrant a few additional keystrokes .
One breaking story , for example , had the following headline : " Suspected US missile strike kills four militants in tribal region in north - west Pakistan , officials say . "
Readers would certainly know what happened , and would even get the general picture after the first 4 words .
To save space , the headline 's writer might have deferred the attribution to the unnamed " officials " to the article itself .
That information is n't something people need to know at the headline - scanning stage ; an exception would be if a famous person or controversial source had claimed responsibility for the missile strike , in which case the attribution might be a reason for users to click .
Also , using " 4 " might be better than using " four " given the general guideline to prefer numerals for online writing .
But in this particular headline , the word works as well as the numeral because users are n't likely to be scanning the front page for data about the specific number of militants killed .
To research such facts , people would typically start by searching for articles about the missile strike , and then scan one or two to get the numbers .
Roots of Success ?
So why is the BBC so good when most others are so bad ?
Maybe it's in the BBC 's blood :
The news organization originated as a radio station , where word count is at a premium and you must communicate clearly to immediately grab listeners .
In a spoken medium , each word is gone as soon as it's uttered , so convoluted exposition confuses even more than it does in print .
Ceefax ( one of the longest - surviving videotext services ) also helped instill conciseness in BBC 's journalists until it was closed in 2012 .
Text on pre-HD televisions had horrible resolution and only allowed for a minute word count ( somewhat like mobile ) .
Whatever the reason , BBC News headlines are almost always written to the highest Web usability standards .
Visit the site daily for a week and try to apply some of the BBC editors ' discipline to your own headlines .
Full Report
Full eyetracking report on how users read on the web is available for download .
“ Ocean Dome ” , located in Miyazaki , it ’s the biggest indoor swimming pool in the world .
It ’s 300 meters long and 100 meters wide , and it ’s located 500 meter from the sea .
The temperature inside the pavilion it ’s always around 30 degrees and the roof is sky - blue and it has even “ clouds ” .
It has an artificial volcano and also an artificial waves generation system .
Date : June 26 , 2020
Rescheuled Primus Summer Tour 2021
Third time is the charm ... we 've postponed this Tribute to King 's tour twice now .
Once because we opted to help send Slayer on their way into retirement and once because mother nature decided to slap us all into isolation with a nasty virus .
This time I will get to go out there and get my " Geddy on " .
I 've got my Ricky shined up and have been practicing my Moog licks .
2020 has proven to be one nasty kick to the crotch on many levels .
This nation is divided beyond anything I 've ever seen ; from who 's wearing masks or not to who 's treating folks with common dignity ... or not .
Let 's hope 2021 will resolve us all into some form of unity .
As far as touring , it will be nice to be back in the saddle again , see y'all next summer ... " Geddy up ! " - Les Claypool .
Tour Dates
GoldMark Jeff Lívia Tímea about Search Goldmark.org only
Stupid Email Disclaimers
A typical example is from Luton Sixth Form College , lutonsfc.ac.uk :
This e-mail is intended for the addressee shown .
It contains information that is confidential and protected from disclosure .
Any review , dissemination or use of this transmission or its contents by persons or unauthorized employees of the intended organisations is strictly prohibited .
The contents of this email do not necessarily represent the views or policies of Luton Sixth Form College , its employees or students .
I have recently had my attention drawn to the phrase " persons or unauthorized employees " in the above disclaimer .
Beyond drawing attention to it , it requires no comment .
Anyway , if the PHB's at Luton 6th Form College ( or any other site whose stupid disclaimers I list here ) think that their disclaimer ( or anything else ) makes it unlawful for me to quote the disclaimers here , they know where to find me .
Imagine the following disclaimer at the end of an email message :
Notice : Unless you are named " Arnold P. Fasnock " , you may read only the " odd numbered words " ( every other word beginning with the first ) of the message above .
If you have violated that , then you hereby owe the sender 10 GBP for each even numbered word you have read .
It appears that WebLaw 's site agrees with me .
Although they seem to advocate use of these disclaimers , their summary ( based on their understanding of English law ) of their Legal Position of Email Disclaimers document says
The value of disclaimers is limited , since the courts normally attach more weight to the substantive content of the communication and the circumstances in which it is made than to any disclaimer .
Having said that , disclaimers may possibly be helpful if an issue ends up in court in various respects such as those described below and , since disclaimers cost ( almost ) nothing , it is worthwhile to use them .
Even though their effectiveness in court is doubtful , they may provide a useful argument in negotiations to resolve a dispute .
Forbids mail being passed to the appropriate person
There are many cases where the sender of a message hopes that the message will get passed on to the appropriate person ( who may not be explicitly addressed in the message ) , yet if the disclaimer is to be taken seriously that can't be done .
Mailing lists
Press releases
Official policy
If the disclaimer says that the message " does not necessarily represent official policy " then that is like having no disclaimer at all .
It leaves it up to the reader to determine whether the message states official policy .
Is there a paper parallel ?
So on the one hand , if I am not the recipient I am told that I can not act on information in the message .
On the other hand , I am instructed to take particular actions in that case .
One could , I suppose , say that the disclaimer does n't apply to itself .
( After all , I 'd be violating them all by publishing them if they were n't . )
But the disclaimers do n't usually say that .
And some of the disclaimers point out that the message may have been intercepted and tampered with , which surely does apply to the disclaimer .
Indeed that is what adding the disclaimers actually does .
So we are left with these highly legalistic sounding things which require the reader apply selectively because the authors of the disclaimer could n't have actually meant what they said .
Tampering with mail
Addressee vs intended recipient
This is covered more in the section on what you are left with , but it is worth repeating .
In adding the disclaimers , you may have both " false positives " and " false negatives " .
The former are messages that get the disclaimer but should n't ( eg , press - releases , etc ) .
The later are messages that do n't get the disclaimers but should ( eg. a message sent from an employee at home , but using a work email address ) .
False positives undermine your entire set of disclaimers .
They simply tell people that your disclaimers are to be ignored .
They also open the doors for people to do unwanted things with your messages ( ignore press releases , remove things from archives that should be archived , get your users thrown off mailing lists ) .
False negatives invite people to assume that the messages that somehow come without the disclaimers are official policy or should n't be treated confidentially .
These problems are created by using disclaimers , making them worse than just silly .
Put the disclaimer on all out - going messages , but hope that the recipients will ignore it where it is ridiculous .
I 've described a few cases where application of the disclaimer is ridiculous .
You could hope that people will just kindly laugh and ignore the disclaimer in those circumstances .
Beyond making you look ridiculous , the problem with that is that it actually undermines the rule of law ( and of course any teeth in the actual threat , as if someone uses the message in a way that you do wish to sue about , and you try to base your suit on the disclaimer , a defense can be that in a vast majority of cases you have allowed ( and desired ) violation of those terms . )
If you wish to base your case on things other than the disclaimer , than the disclaimer is not needed .
Have users select whether to include the disclaimer or not .
This might work , but there is a slight problem .
If some of your messages appear with a disclaimer and others do not , then there may be the implication that all those without the disclaimer at official policy or may be published or distributed .
Try to write a disclaimer that covers all of the exceptions .
I do not believe that this will be possible .
It will probably end up doubling the size of most of your email as well .
But there are strategies for this .
You could say " unless otherwise noted in the text of the message , this does not reflect official policy "
Thus , you ask your users to disclaim your disclaimer at various times .
You could also get around the length problem by placing the disclaimer on a website and just mentioning the URL in the email .
If you do this , be certain to maintain distinct versions of the URL disclaimer , since if you change what is on the web pages , previous email should have the " old " disclaimer .
Despite these , I simply do n't think that it would be possible to cover all of the exceptional cases beyond saying " please treat this email message in a reasonable way , or we might get angry " .
And , of course , these do make your institution look silly .
Instead managers should look at the nature of the organization and email from it .
If you are a university , you have staff , faculty , students , maybe alumni sending from your network or with email addresses in your domain .
Recipients know that .
Maybe it would be good to move toward distinguishing in the email addresses the different types of people .
People know that students do n't speak for their universities .
For a business , just as you train and allow people to talk to outsiders on the telephone you may wish to issue customer relations guidelines for email .
Also send mail with comments or additions .
I 'll try to incorporate them as I have time .
Limited credit
So what would such a least bad disclaimer look like ?
Here are some criteria
It should be true
No threats of legal action with no basis in law No claims to bind someone to a confidentiality or other conditions which they did n't accept .
No requests to not distribute things that actually should be distributed .
No claims of non-official policy on messages which are official policy .
False negatives should n't be a problem .
It should be short .
It should avoid pretentions , pompous or legalistic langaguage where possible .
Email from people at your .
domain .here does not usually represent official policy of Your - Organization - Here .
See URL - Of - Policy - Document - Here for details .
Let 's look at this bit by bit .
It does n't say anything like " this message " .
That way , a false negative ( a message without the statement ) can't be so easily taken to be official policy .
It says " not usually " so it does allow for official policy to occassionally be stated in email .
You may replace " usually " with " necessarily " if you feel that a substantial portion of email with your organization 's name on it does state policy .
It does n't make any ridiculous legal assertions about the responsibilities of recipients .
It does n't make any claim about the legal status of the message it is appended to .
These should not be implemented the absolutely stupid way nor the merely stupid way .
Instead it should be applied using both the fairly silly way and the merely silly way , as discussed in the document that discusses the manner of appending stupid disclaimers .
Are you disappointed at how weak this disclaimer is ?
Stupid disclaimers are not in the best interest of your organization .
Please do n't put your personal need to be " seen to be doing something " above the interests of your organization .
What should be on the cited policy document
Must not include false or unenforcible legal requirements upon the recipient .
Must not assert things about all messages unless you are absolutely sure that it is true of all messages .
Should advise readers that email can be very easily forged , and may wish to point users to resources regarding that .
Should advise readers that email can easily be misaddressed , and request that should the receive such a message that they inform the sender and respect the senders wishes where appropriate .
Should advise readers that email may be intercepted , or even tampered with by third parties .
Should inform readers of your institutions policies regarding interception and tampering of email .
Should provide ( or link to ) detailed contact information including postal address , full legal name , telephone and fax address , how to contact DPA officer ( UK only ) .
Must provide information on how a recipient of some mail can verify whether its contents should be taken as policy of the organization .
Should provide information on who ( usually postmaster ) a recipient can contact to verify a suspected forgery .
Must maintain a version history , so people can find the version that was published at any time in the past ( particularly at the time that a particular message was received ) .
Email Disclaimer FAQ ( SOMIS , Dundee University )
This takes a slightly more sympathetic approach to the question than I do , but is generally concludes that they are more trouble than they are worth .
The version I read was last modified April 1999 .
WebLaw's Legal Position of Email Disclaimers
They take a far more sympathetic view of such disclaimers than I do , but see my comment on their summary in the legal status section .
Anubha Charan 's article on Rediff
This article discusses the perceived need for disclaimers and their usefulness ( about which it is skeptical ) .
The general issues overlap with what is described here .
It 's focus is on Indian law .
The Register 's Longest Email Disclaimer award
It also lists links to some other winners of dubious honors with respect to email disclaimers .
Slashdot 's discussion of the Register 's award .
Someone in that discussion pointed out this page .
That discussion has many examples illustrating the same points made here .
A site advocating use of email disclaimers I will leave it to readers to decide whether their advocacy piece addresses the concerns that I raise in my document .
It does a good job of distinguishing among the many perceived reasons for having disclaimers .
Although it advocates disclaimers , it clearly notes that a disclaimer does not eliminate employer liability for employees sending libelous material .
Interestingly the owner , Deborah Galea , of emaildisclaimers.com and the companion site , www.email-policy.com, fails to identify herself on the sites .
Nor do the sites mention that she works for Red Earth Software , which sells PolicyPatrol , an add - on to MS - Exchange which will ( among other things ) add email disclaimers .
There is , of course , nothing wrong with advocating the use of tools you sell .
But I do wonder why the relationship between the analysis / advocacy sites and the software firm has been left so obscure for so long .
At the very least one would have expected them to mention this fact on the page where they compare a few providers of disclaimer - adding software , http://www.emaildisclaimers.com/Global_signature_software.htm " .
One would think that people so concerned about disclaimers would be careful to disclose such important information .
Whether this calls into question the trustworthiness of Red Earth Software is something for potential customers to decide for themselves .
Note :
My comments about emaildisclaimers.com apply to their site as seen as recently as July 23 , 2003 .
According to their webserver , the crucial pages have n't been modified since December 18 , 2001 .
Version : $ Revision : 1.43 $
Last Modified : $ Date : 2003/08/14 13:33:09 $ GMT
First established Jan 22 , 2001
Author : Jeffrey Goldberg
The Hubble Space Telescope has captured a new image of NGC 7049 , a mysterious looking galaxy that blurs the boundary between spiral and elliptical galaxies .
NGC 7049 is found in the constellation of Indus , and is the brightest of a cluster of galaxies , a so - called Brightest Cluster Galaxy .
They represent some of the oldest and most massive galaxies , and they allow astronomers to study the elusive globular clusters lurking within .
Globular clusters are very dense and compact groupings of a few hundreds of thousands of young stars bound together by gravity .
The globular clusters in NGC 7049 are seen as the sprinkling of small faint points of light in the galaxy ’s halo .
The halo – the ghostly region of diffuse light surrounding the galaxy – comprises myriad individual stars and provides a luminous background to the remarkable swirling ring of dust lanes surrounding NGC 7049 ’s core .
The dust lanes appear as a lacy ring .
The image was taken by the Advanced Camera for Surveys on Hubble , which is optimized to hunt for galaxies and galaxy clusters in the remote and ancient Universe , at a time when our cosmos was very young .
The constellation of Indus , or the Indian , is one of the least conspicuous in the southern sky .
It was named in the 16th century by Dutch astronomer Petrus Plancius from observations made by Dutch navigator Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Dutch explorer Frederick de Houtman .
Source : NASA / ESA
Hubble site
New satellite images from the European Space Agency show massive amounts of ice are breaking away from a shelf on the western side of the Antarctic Peninsula , researchers said today .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Wilkins Ice Shelf had been stable for most of the last century , but began retreating in the 1990s .
Researchers believe it was held in place by an ice bridge linking Charcot Island to the Antarctic mainland .
But the 127 - square - mile ( 330 - square - kilometer ) bridge lost two large chunks last year and then shattered completely on 5 April .
" As a consequence of the collapse , the rifts , which had already featured along the northern ice front , widened and new cracks formed as the ice adjusted , " the European Space Agency said in a statement today on its Web site .
The first icebergs started to break away on Friday , and since then some 270 square miles ( 700 square kilometers ) of ice have dropped into the sea , according to the satellite data .
" There is little doubt that these changes are the result of atmospheric warming , " said David Vaughan of the British Antarctic Survey .
" The retreat of Wilkins Ice Shelf is the latest and the largest of its kind , " he said , adding that " eight separate ice shelves along the Antarctic Peninsula have shown signs of retreat over the last few decades . "
The Wilkins shelf , which is the size of Jamaica , lost 14 percent of its mass last year , according to scientists who are looking at whether global warming is the cause of its breakup .
Average temperatures in the Antarctic Peninsula have risen by 3.8 degrees Fahrenheit ( 2.5 Celsius ) over the past 50 years — higher than the average global rise , according to studies .
Over the next several weeks , scientists estimate the Wilkins shelf will lose some 1,300 square miles ( 3,370 square kilometers ) — a piece larger than the state of Rhode Island , or two - thirds the size of Luxembourg .
One researcher said , however , that it was unclear how the situation would evolve .
" We are not sure if a new stable ice front will now form between Latady Island , Petrie Ice Rises and Dorsey Island , " said Angelika Humbert of Germany 's Muenster University Institute of Geophysics .
But even more ice could break off " if the connection to Latady Island is lost , " she said , " though we have no indication that this will happen in the near future . "
In the meantime , researchers said the quality and frequency of the ESA satellite images have allowed them to analyze the Wilkins shelf breakup far more effectively than any previous event .
" For the first time , I think , we can really begin to see the processes that have brought about the demise of the ice shelf , " Vaughan said .
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
Paedophiles are invariably thought of as men and they mostly are .
But do women commit sexual abuse against children , and if so , why is it rarely discussed ?
Colin never knew innocence as a child .
His earliest memories are of his mother sexually abusing him .
In the bath , in his bed and in the night .
Until he was 13 .
Twenty years later , after a young life derailed by truancy , drugs and violence , he is still deeply affected by what he says happened .
" It 's only now that I realise the impact it has had on me .
From the age of 14 , as soon as it got dark I would have panic attacks and that fuelled my drug - taking because doing it , I felt safe again .
" I could n't sleep at night and I 'd get flashbacks of my mum on top of me .
I could n't hold down a job and I was scared of girls . "
I found it hard to even say it was sexual abuse because of the way society views mothers
Colin
The fact the perpetrator was the person who gave birth to him made it harder for him to identify and accept it as abuse , he believes .
" I found it hard to even say it was sexual abuse because of the way society views mothers , and quite rightly - 99 % are loving but I was just unlucky to get one that was n't .
" That 's what stopped me from getting help for a long time .
I could n't even acknowledge it myself and there was a worry about being believed and speaking out against my mother .
I felt like I was doing something wrong . "
It 's a comment on how society views paedophilia today that the most shocking aspect of Colin 's story is not the sexual abuse itself , but the fact the perpetrator was female .
Yet Colin is not alone in experiencing this particular kind of trauma , says Steve Bevan , who for nearly two decades has run a support group for male victims of all forms of sexual abuse .
Out of 18 men currently getting individual and group support , five say they were abused by women , three of them exclusively so .
ABUSE OF TRUST 2007 : Tennis coach Claire Lyte , 29 at the time , sentenced to two years in jail for sex with a 13 - year - old girl 2007 : Margaret Martin , then 47 , put on probation for sexually abusing a 10 - year - old 2003 : Mother - of - four Joanna James jailed for having sex with a 13 - year - old boy 2002 : Hazel Hallam , then 36 , jailed for sexual assault of two boys 1999 : First woman goes on Northern Ireland 's sex offenders ' register after admitting abusing seven boys aged 11 to 14 " Over the years we 've had lots of men abused by mothers , sisters , aunties and baby sitters , " says Mr Bevan .
" It 's hard enough for adult men to admit abuse but to admit to abuse by a woman is even harder because it challenges their masculinity , it challenges their sexuality . "
Women can commit a wide range of sexual offences , he says , including rape .
And their victims commonly experience sexual confusion and a fear of intimacy .
Anger can manifest itself as violence towards a wife or girlfriend in later life .
By its very nature the true picture of child abuse is unclear .
But with women perpetrators it 's even more so .
Convictions are thin on the ground and some believe the issue is an unhelpful distraction from the bigger problem .
Experts agree that women commit only a fraction of child sexual abuse but so much is hidden that it 's difficult to be accurate .
An influential study in the US in the 1980s suggested 20 % of all offences against boys and 5 % against girls were by women .
' Teen fantasy ' Professor Kevin Browne , who has been researching the maltreatment of children for 30 years , says between 5 % and 10 % of abuse against pre-pubescent children in the UK is committed by females , but only about 5 % is thought to involve a woman acting alone .
" Stranger attacks by women hardly exist , so most female paedophiles are winning the trust of children first and either have a position of care working with children like a babysitter or they are a relative . "
Female offences against teenagers ( hebophiles rather than paedophiles ) are more of a mystery , he says , because victims do n't come forward , partly because in a patriarchal society boys are even expected to enjoy that kind of abuse , and not admit how scared they are by it .
If I was still bathing my 11 - year - old son , people would think that was weird but if a man was doing that then people are more likely to think it was sexual abuse
Sharon Lambert
Some believe that society 's different attitude to women offenders is reflected in the language of the media reporting it .
They point out that teachers " seduce " pupils if they are female but " sexually assault " if male .
In 2005 , the NSPCC raised concerns about how disbelief of female paedophiles was hindering detection .
Its report said child protection professionals too often met allegations of abuse by females with incredulity , dismissing them as fabrication and allowing women to continue to offend .
It also said that victims suffered a peculiar sense of isolation and stigma because this form of abuse was not so widely recognised .
Eight - hundred victims of female sexual abuse have contacted Michele Elliott , founder of children 's charity Kidscape , since she wrote her controversial book , Female Sexual Abuse of Children , in 1992 .
Three - quarters of the cases feature women acting alone .
IS FEMALE SEXUAL ABUSE MORE HIDDEN THAN MALE ABUSE ?
Women can get away with it under the guise of being carer Disbelief that women are capable Victims reluctant because they think they must be odd Source : Kidscape " One of the issues of controversy is the thinking that if women do this , it 's because men made them do it , " says Ms Elliot .
" I disagree with that .
I think there 's no difference in the motivation between men and women , which is sexual gratification and power over a child .
It 's very selfish . "
Like male paedophiles , many female offenders convince themselves they are not harming children , says psychologist Sharon Lambert who this month presented her research on the subject to the British Psychological Society 's annual conference .
She contacted a number of people through a website specifically aimed at women .
There were no indecent images posted but there were stories and poems about their sexual fantasies with children and a forum for women to discuss their feelings and how they could avoid detection .
" They would say they 're not as bad as men because they 're more loving with their impulses , and a male involved with a child is more abusive . "
' Under the radar '
She began correspondence with six people who claimed to be women aged from 21 to 48 .
They all described themselves as heterosexual and five claimed to be married .
They all said they fantasised about young girls but said they had not actually abused any .
" We can't be certain about the connection between sexual fantasies and actual offending .
Some adults who fantasise about children may never offend but we can't be sure they wo n't act out their fantasies . "
They all admitted their first sexual experiences came very early in life , aged about seven or eight , with other children their own age .
They said they had never been abused themselves .
" There are things you can do as a woman that you can't do as a man , " says Ms Lambert .
" If I was still bathing my 11 - year - old son , people would think that was weird but if a man was doing that then people are more likely to think it was sexual abuse .
Women go under the radar . "
Unlike Ms Lambert 's studies , some perpetrators seem also to be victims .
Colin 's mother told him she was a victim of sexual abuse from her father , sometimes describing it to him in detail moments before indecently assaulting him .
" Maybe I reminded her of her dad and she felt like she was getting back at him , taking back some control that way , by taking it out on me , " says Colin .
Below is a selection of your comments .
My mother abused me for years as a child , from the age of seven onwards .
Sadly , later in life , I could talk about the emotional and physical abuse far more openly than the sexual abuse , and it took me until I was forty to be able to get help .
The fact that I 'm a girl made it , and still makes it , hard to get any support from literature on the subject .
I am what they call an adult survivor of sexual abuse , but all the books on the subject assume the abuser is male , and that if it 's a parent , that it has to be the father .
I have found some excellent research in America on the subject that says female survivors of sexual abuse by their mothers do n't come forward because there are so many taboos to face : incest and homosexuality within the family being added on to rape .
And people rarely believe a woman is capable of rape , but that is because definitions of rape used to be very prescriptive .
I have found counselling professionals are now very sympathetic , but my heart goes out to those who have suffered as I have and still have so few forums and people to share this with .
Anon , Birmingham Undoubtedly I was abused by a matron at my prep school on the Dorset Coast in the mid 70s .
It was n't until my own children were of the same age as I was when the abuse took place that I realised how appalling it was .
There was another boy involved as well and a few years ago I wondered whether we should pursue further but as he had never told his family we decided not to .
Craig , Belfast I was subjected to sexually inappropriate behaviour from an older female relative when I was 10 - 12 .
This , along with neglect by parents , left me with a number of issues and messed up life .
I 've since spent time and my own money getting to the root of my problems .
I 'm now 40ish and am only just seeing off my bad past .
The NHS do not provide help for this type of support for adults .
Whilst it 's no longer possible for action to be taken against the woman who did this , I have come to terms with that but why are sentences for paedophilic crimes carried out by women substantially less than if carried out by men ?
Anon
My partner started having sex with a house - girl ( cleaning lady ) when he was eight years old .
We spoke about it and he did n't once think consider it abuse - until I mentioned it to him .
The woman was a mum and was the one always instigating the activity , but unfortunately at that age and even now many men would not accept that they had been abused .
Katherine , London
My mother always claimed not to know of the sexual abuse against us by our father .
But I think she did , they both seemed to conspire to keep us isolated as children , also my grandmother never did anything and I knew she knew .
I think not doing anything is as bad as the perpetrator .
There 's no excuse for it .
I have a friend who is male and was abused as a child by a woman , it has affected him very badly throughout his life psychologically .
Lucy , UK I did a law degree and as part of that did a dissertation that started off as a look at the Police and Criminal Evidence Act and the impact it had on the crime of rape .
Whilst carrying out my research I contacted convicted male paedophiles and rapists and found that approximately one third of those contacted had been the subject of sexual abuse as a child by a woman .
The awful part was that they stated that they had been unable to report it as they thought no - one would believe them and those brave enough to do so had been laughed at and / or felt there was no support for them afterwards .
Catherine , Cardiff I think you have to be very careful about some of the blanket statements made in this article .
There should be a clear distinction made between adult offending and female / male members of a family / friends who are all underage .
After all , most kids play doctors and nurses out of pure curiosity about their sexuality and also most people fantasise about sex with younger people ..... caveat here usually older ( 16 ) teenagers and never act on it .
Predatory adult female paedophilia is probably still quite rare , should be taken seriously but it 's still rare and to be honest it is n't just men who are afraid to talk to children because of the possible label of paedophile , I as a single woman wo n't do it either , I do n't want anyone calling me a weirdo either !
Anon , Wigan I am female and was sexually abused by a married woman when I was a teenager .
It started when I had just turned 14 and was babysitting for her , and the relationship continued until I was 20 .
Her husband became involved in the abuse shortly after she first ' seduced ' me and the relationship with both of them completely took over my life and robbed me of a normal adolescence .
I participated not through lust but because I was besotted with the woman and was prepared to have relations with her husband if it meant getting closer to her .
Neither of them saw themselves as paedophiles because they did n't ' see me as an innocent child but as a mature young adult ' and this is how they justified their behaviour .
After the relationship ended I went through a 10 - year period of not knowing who I was , what I was , of feeling used and abused and ashamed .
When I was 30 I told my GP about it and he referred me for counselling which was the best move I ever made - it really helped me to achieve perspective and make peace with myself and with my past .
I have a 13 - year - old daughter myself now and the thought of anyone doing to her what was done to me sickens me beyond words .
It was only when I got older ( and become a parent myself ) that I realised how I 'd been so callously used , abused and manipulated when I was still far too young and innocent to handle any kind of sexual relationship .
Anon , Hampshire I was abused as a child by my babysitter , a young girl of about 15 or 16 .
I was between ages of six and eight .
I thought that I actually liked it as it was our secret .
Now I feel sick that I thought it was OK .
I grew up very confused about my sexuality , but I am now in a relationship with a man and I 'm very happy .
Jenny , Dorset I was abused by my mother at bath times , I think I was under the age of 7 at the time .
It happened several times .
I 've tried to talk to her about it , but she just denies it , which makes me even more hurt .
I was also abused by an older girl at the age of 10 , she was about 12 .
That may have just been stuff that children experiment with , but she seemed to know what she was doing .
It 's even more of a taboo than when men are the perpetrators .
I do n't think I 've ever been taken seriously when I 've tried to talk about it .
Anon , London
As somebody that was sexually abused by a female , admittedly when an adult , but when I reported it to the police I was laughed at and warned not to waste their time .
It 's no wonder it never gets reported .
Anon , Salisbury I can confirm that this type of offence and offender do exist , having recently given a talk to a national conference on this very subject .
It is right that the perception of many professionals is that a female could and would not sexually abuse a child .
From cases my team have investigated I can confirm that they most certainly do , and as serious as any offending committed by a man .
The work of CEOP to raise the profile of female sexual offenders within agencies working with children will hopefully ensure that the disbelief is suspended , and female offenders dealt with in the same robust manner we expect of male offenders .
James Larkin , Northampton I 'm 21 years old and for most of my childhood , I was abused by my father .
I recently found out that whilst I was 18 months old , my mother watched as he hurt me time and time again .
I was placed into foster care for about two months and then went back home .
It continued to happen and I spent the rest of my childhood being made to believe that it was right for parents to do this as they were showing some love .
I believe that people like that have experienced the trauma themselves , but what is wrong is that most young girls and boys are being abused by the people who we are supposed to trust .
Toni , Greater Manchester
As with so many problems within our society , the tabloid press are so much to blame .
Obviously not for the abuse itself , but for perpetuating the stereotypes of male and female sexuality .
The comment about the ' seducing ' done by women and the ' sexual assault ' carried out by men really highlights this .
Chris , Bristol Hang on , I think we need to put this into perspective here .
Female sexual abusers are very rare .
I 'm not saying we should ignore their existence and deny the victims but lets not whip up a media frenzy and start fearing every old lady on the bus who hands out sweets to kids .
Sally , Manchester I 'm a 53 - year - old man and I suffered when I was a young lad by abuse from my gran .
I 'm a virgin , never had a relationship and I 'm a drunk so YES - It does happen and its affected me my whole life .
I 've never told anyone and I have to say I 'm now close to a panic - light headed , heavy breathing
T , Brighton I 'm slightly worried that people will read something into this article that is n't there - in the bit about these women who fantasise about young girls having had their first sexual experiences early , with children of the same age .
I 'd just like to point out that that is far more normal than most people think , and it most emphatically does not lead to paedophilic urges as an adult .
Most people do n't like to admit to it because they think they were somehow odd to be interested in sexual things that early [ when in fact it 's been proven that babies masturbate even in the womb ] and especially because a lot of this happens between siblings , due to their spending so much time together , and this leads people to wonder whether they 're incestuous .
Pic Akai , Birmingham I think that is true .
I know if men like me just start talking to children nicely , people will think I 'm a paedophile but if a lady does it they wo n't say anything .
Bilal , Leicester I agree with Bilal .
Unless
I 'm with my partner , I simply wo n't talk to kids who appear to be under the age of about 16 , for fear of people around me thinking I 'm a paedophile .
Sad , but true .
Now , what 's the difference when my partner 's there ?
Well , she 's a woman , and women can't be paedophiles - can they ?!?
Anon , Manchester
Yes they do exist .
My old maths teacher made headline news after sleeping with pupils .
Non of which were over 15 .
I even witnessed her allowing pupils to grope her on school trips !
Anonymous
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mexico's top government epidemiologist said Wednesday that it is " highly improbable " that a farm in the Mexican state of Veracruz operated by Smithfield Foods Inc. is responsible for the nation 's swine - flu outbreak .
Miguel Ángel Lezana , the government 's chief epidemiologist , said in an interview that pigs at the farm are from North America , while the genetic material in the virus is from Europe and Asia .
Government ...
VP Joe Biden stood up in front of a bunch of Hollywood execs and promised to appoint a copyright czar , and furthermore , that this would be the " right " person to protect their interests .
I would have voted Dem in the last election , if I got a vote , but make no mistakes : the Dems are the party of stupid copyright laws .
From Hollywood Howard Berman on down , they 've got a terrible track record on technology and copyright policy .
" It 's pure theft , stolen from the artists and quite frankly from the American people as consequence of loss of jobs and as a consequence of loss of income , " Biden said , according to a White House pool report .
Biden blasted China , saying its intellectual property laws remain " largely ineffective " and will end up " strangling their own creative juices , " and compared it to what he described as India 's more effective anti-piracy regime .
He singled out Canada , a close U.S. ally , as needing stronger laws ; it never signed the treaty that led to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , and a proposal to adopt anti-circumvention restrictions was never adopted .
He also addressed President Obama 's forthcoming decision about who will be named the intellectual - property enforcement coordinator , better known as the copyright czar .
Copyright industry lobbyists sent a letter Monday to the president asking him to pick someone sympathetic to their concerns , while groups that would curb copyright law sent their own letter urging the opposite approach .
We " will find the right person for intellectual property czar , " Biden said .
New York Public Library
We New Yorkers imagine our city ’s history begins in earnest with the Gilded Age and the Great Migration that brought many of our forebears sailing under the Statue of Liberty ’s torch to supercharge a nascent metropolis with a jolt of new energy .
But this summer , when a handful of square - bearded , antique - garbed Pennsylvania German Baptists jacked a yellow clapboard house up over a Harlem church and wheeled it around the corner to a new site in St. Nicholas Park , we recalled that more than a century earlier Gotham took center stage as the nation ’s first capital .
For the house belonged to Alexander Hamilton — not only one of the greatest Founding Fathers but the one who stamped the infant republic forever with the unique spirit of New York City .
The other Founders were Americans of a century ’s standing , who fought the Revolution to defend liberties their families had claimed for generations .
Washington and Jefferson , landed grandees , descended from seventeenth - century Virginians ; Harvard - educated John Adams ’s forebears settled in Massachusetts Bay in 1638 .
Such men were rooted Americans , living on land inherited from their fathers .
Hamilton , by contrast , was a penniless immigrant from the West Indies ; like so many New Yorkers , he had come here from elsewhere , seeking his fortune .
And he was n’t just penniless .
“ My birth , ” as he delicately put it , “ is the subject of the most humiliating criticism ” — for he was , in John Adams ’s acidulous taunt , “ the bastard brat of a Scotch pedlar . ”
Nevertheless , as a prime exemplar of that American opportunity and enterprise he so fervently promoted , he rose to be the country ’s second most powerful man .
As Ron Chernow puts it in his indispensable biography , he served in effect as George Washington ’s prime minister and head of government , directing his administration ’s policy and molding the enduring institutions it created .
It ’s hard to exaggerate the moral squalor of the future Treasury secretary ’s childhood .
A much older man , flashy and feckless , wed his mother when she was 16 for her beauty and “ snug fortune , ” as Hamilton called it ; she abandoned him and their baby five years later .
The outraged husband had her jailed in St. Croix , as its law allowed , for purportedly “ whoring with everyone . ”
Instead of returning to him chastened , as he expected , she fled , soon settling on the tiny British island of Nevis with James Hamilton , a dashing younger son of a Scottish laird .
She bore two more sons , James , Jr. and , on January 11 , 1755 , Alexander .
The couple lived as man and wife ; though her husband finally got a divorce from her in 1759 , its terms forbade her remarriage .
The black sheep of a well - off family , James Hamilton had come to the sugar isles in search of riches like so many hard - up adventurers , but he had “ too much pride and too large a portion of indolence , ” Hamilton recalled much later , so his “ affairs at a very early day went to wreck ” and he sank into the crowd of failures and lowlifes who overran the West Indies .
When Hamilton was ten , James decamped , drifting until he washed up , old and dying , near the southern Caribbean speck where Defoe shipwrecked Robinson Crusoe .
Hamilton ’s intelligent , enterprising mother , who ’d returned to St. Croix , started a grocery store .
But when Hamilton was 12 , one of the tropical fevers that plagued European fortune hunters felled her , and a sea of troubles engulfed her two boys .
The cousin who took them in killed himself two years later , leaving the boys destitute ; their mother ’s little estate — nine slaves , chiefly — had gone to her one legitimate son , who had swooped down to snatch it away from her two “ obscene children . ”
All Hamilton had left were her 34 books , including the Plutarch and Pope that had been his childhood companions , which his cousin had kindly bought for him in the auction of her household effects .
Then , like Mr. Brownlow rescuing Oliver Twist from Fagin , fairy - tale magic descended .
A rich St. Croix merchant , Thomas Stevens , took Hamilton into his nurturing household , where he became lifelong friends with Stevens ’s son Ned , a year older and remarkably similar in tastes and talents .
And why did Stevens take in Alexander , leaving his brother James , Jr. to become a carpenter ’s apprentice ?
Years later , when Secretary of State Timothy Pickering first met Ned Stevens , he was flabbergasted by his “ extraordinary similitude ” to Hamilton .
“ I thought they must be brothers , ” Pickering wrote — an observation that one of Ned ’s relatives later told him “ had been made a thousand times . ”
So was Hamilton doubly illegitimate ?
Pickering thought so ; perhaps someday the DNA sleuths will say for sure .
Some months before the Stevenses took him in , Hamilton , without realizing it , had already linked up to the great world beyond his little island .
Though remote , St. Croix was integral to the eighteenth century ’s economic dynamo , the triangle trade that ( to oversimplify ) brought slaves from Africa to work the West Indian sugar estates , carried the sugar and molasses to New England to make into rum , and returned to Africa to trade rum for more slaves , generally with a stop in England to sell sugar and rum for manufactures .
At 13 , Hamilton had begun clerking for the island outpost of Beekman and Cruger , a New York trading firm owned by two of the city ’s great Dutch mercantile families , key players in that business for generations .
As he took his modest place in world commerce , he also launched himself onto a tributary that flowed into the heart of Gotham ’s mainstream .
His stint at Beekman and Cruger , he later told his son John , was “ the most useful part of his education , ” teaching him the facts of global economic life , from commodity prices , cash flow , and exchange rates to bill collecting and smuggling .
When his boss , Nicholas Cruger , fell ill and went home to Gotham ( where his uncle was mayor ) , he left his luminously gifted 16 - year - old clerk in charge .
The adolescent took to management with gusto : his vivid letter to young Cruger about how he fattened up a cargo of starving mules from the firm ’s sloop Thunderbolt is a marvel of self - confident energy .
On his countinghouse stool , Hamilton dreamt big .
At 14 , he wrote to Ned Stevens , in his earliest surviving letter , “ my Ambition is prevalent that I contemn the grov’ling and condition of a Clerk or the like , to which my Fortune &c. condemns me and would willingly risk my life tho ’ not my Character to exalt my Station .
. . .
I mean to prepare the way for futurity .
. . . [ I ] may be jusly said to Build Castles in the Air . . . , yet Neddy we have seen such Schemes successful when the Projector is Constant I shall Conclude saying I wish there was a War . ”
But the upheaval that first exalted Hamilton ’s station was n’t a war ; it was a hurricane that ripped through St. Croix in August 1772 .
When Hamilton ’s muscular account of the storm ’s ferocity , its aftermath of death and desolation , and his own fears and religious hopes appeared in the local newspaper , its brio amazed readers , some of whom , led by Hamilton ’s employers and a kindly clergyman , raised funds to send the teenage prodigy off to college in North America .
When Princeton declined to let him plow through its B.A. requirements as fast as he could rather than take the usual three years , the young - man - in - a - hurry enrolled instead at King ’s College ( renamed Columbia after the Revolution ) in late 1773 or early 1774 and became a Manhattanite .
Our American culture embraces a host of microcultures — local traditions and ways of seeing the world that spring from some particular history and make different groups express our common Americanism in their own distinctive accents .
The egalitarian Quaker culture of Philadelphia , to take sociologist Digby Baltzell ’s example , nurtured many fewer who made it into the Dictionary of American Biography than Boston ’s more individualist Puritanism , while historian David Hackett Fischer has shown how the “ folkways ” of colonists from four different British regions , with their own variants of Protestantism , subtly molded the character of the sections of America they settled , so that their inhabitants ended up even with differently inflected understandings of the idea of liberty .
Slight cultural variations can yield markedly different outcomes .
The New York that welcomed Alexander Hamilton had its own distinctive culture , too , whose uniqueness went far deeper than John Adams ’s description of a town where “ they talk very fast , very loud , and all together . ”
Its Dutch past , from Peter Minuit ’s 1626 purchase of Manhattan to Peter Stuyvesant ’s handover of the flourishing New Netherland colony to the British in 1664 , left an indelible legacy .
After decades of brutish religious war , the Dutch Republic had embraced tolerance with fervor and transplanted to its trading post on the Hudson its constitutional promise that “ each person shall remain free , especially in his religion , and no one shall be persecuted or investigated because of his religion . ”
So , for example , when Governor General Stuyvesant wanted to limit the rights of 23 Jews who sought asylum in New Amsterdam in 1654 , they petitioned the Dutch authorities , who commanded Stuyvesant to treat them with Dutch tolerance , reminding him also that Jews were big investors in the West India Company .
And then — as if Jews were n’t bad enough — Quakers appeared in the Long Island village of Vlissingen .
When Stuyvesant forbade the villagers , mostly English , from taking them in , they disobeyed , citing in their 1657 “ Flushing Remonstrance , ” one of the foundation documents of American religious liberty , the Dutch principle that “ love peace and libertie ” must extend even to “ Jewes Turkes and Egiptians ” and reminding him of their charter , which granted the right “ to have and Enjoy the Liberty of Conscience , according to the Custome and manner of Holland . ”
And so New Amsterdam became a melting pot like no other place in North America , with settlers arriving from all over the globe and not only living side by side but also marrying each other .
A quarter of the couples married in the town ’s Dutch Reformed Church were of different ancestries , with Germans marrying Danes , Italians Dutchmen , a man from “ Calis in Vranckryck ” wedding a girl from “ Batavia in the East Indies . ”
The tolerance , which also welcomed sectarian refugees from Massachusetts ’s intolerant Puritanism , was a matter of policy as well as principle : the business of New Amsterdam was business , and the authorities wanted to recruit traders of any stripe .
The town was quick to make newcomers full citizens .
Whereas only 20 percent of that era ’s New Englanders were freemen , New Amsterdam , in addition to the “ great burgher ” status it conferred on substantial taxpayers like the first Beekmans , also gave out “ small burgher ” status to almost anyone who asked .
In the benign glow of such equal - opportunity inclusiveness , commerce boomed : Manhattan became a key shipping center even for Virginia tobacco .
With its “ frank acceptance of differences and a belief that individual achievement matters more than birthright , ” concludes Russell Shorto in The Island at the Center of the World , his dazzling history of Dutch New York , “ this island city would become the first multiethnic , upwardly mobile society on America ’s shores , a prototype of the kind of society that would be duplicated throughout the country . ”
It produced prototypical New Yorkers , too , says Shorto , “ worldly , brash , confident , hustling . ”
When the British took over , they promised to preserve the regime of tolerance and free trade ( and did so for a century ) .
“ The Dutch here shall enjoy the liberty of their consciences , ” they proclaimed .
“ Dutch vessels may freely come hither . ”
Why mess with success ?
Into the theater of opportunity that had developed from such beginnings — the town where , in Gouverneur Morris ’s words , “ to be born in America seems to be a matter of indifference ” — stepped the upwardly mobile young immigrant of dubious parentage and prodigious talent , just at the moment of the Boston Tea Party .
Within months of entering King ’s College , overlooking the Hudson and adjoining the port city ’s busy red - light district , the 19 - year - old undergrad threw himself into revolutionary politics .
At a mass rally against England ’s punitive Coercive Acts , he made himself famous with an impassioned impromptu speech , calling for a boycott of British goods in defense of American liberties , that electrified the crowd .
He followed up with two pamphlets prophetic in their certitude that war would come , that the colonists would win with a guerrilla insurgency , and that they would outstrip Britain in population and wealth .
Again and again in his career , Hamilton showed such premonitory insight : he saw complex things at a glance , saw them whole , and saw their consequences .
And he had no patience with those who could n’t keep up with his brilliance .
The moment that news of Concord and Lexington reached New York , Hamilton , with his own brand of student activism , joined the militia and then , early in 1776 , the Continental Army .
In the dismal retreat from New York — which the British occupied for the next seven years — and in the famous victories at Trenton and Princeton , the 21 - year - old artillery captain earned the nickname “ the Little Lion ” for his cool determination and unflappable courage under fire .
An excellent commander and superb organizer , he won the admiration of a quartet of generals , including Washington , who invited him to join his staff as an aide - de- camp and lieutenant colonel .
So the war he had wished for back in St. Croix had come and had indeed exalted his station .
As he said much later , revolutions , for all their horrors , “ serve to bring to light talents and virtues which might otherwise have languished in obscurity or only shot forth a few scattered and wandering rays . ”
His connection with Washington turned out to be the greatest opportunity in Hamilton ’s life .
Almost everything he achieved , he achieved as the commander in chief ’s right - hand man — his partner , virtually .
As Hamilton said at his patron ’s death , “ I have been much indebted to the kindness of the General , and he was an aegis very essential to me . ”
They were each other ’s completing counterparts ; neither would have achieved such greatness alone .
“ As a team , they were unbeatable and far more than the sum of their parts , ” says Chernow .
In the war , Hamilton quickly became , said Washington , his “ principal and most confidential aide . ”
He worked out strategy with him , dealt with his subordinate generals , wrote letters exactly expressing Washington ’s intention from only the vaguest hint .
“ During the whole time that he was one of the General ’s aides - de- camp , ” recalled Secretary of State Pickering , “ Hamilton had to think as well as write for him in all his most important correspondence . ”
It was more than a professional relationship .
Following conventional eighteenth - century usage , Washington called his staff of aides his “ family , ” and , convention aside , that word catches the emotional tone .
Certainly the general ’s closest ADCs — Hamilton , Lafayette , and John Laurens — became a band of brothers , reminiscent , Hamilton ’s son John said , of the Three Musketeers .
“ All the Lads embrace you , ” Hamilton wrote to Laurens .
“ The General sends his love . ”
The orphaned and abandoned Hamilton acquired the greatest father figure of them all ; and of no less emotional importance , the childless Father of his Country gained a surrogate son , whom he invariably called “ my boy . ”
And indeed the rumor later went round , sparked by Hamilton ’s enemies , that the slight , fine - boned West Indian with the gently pensive face was the strapping general ’s illegitimate offspring .
Wherever there ’s a father and a son , the Viennese doctor would say , there ’s a problem .
In this case , at least , there came to be .
After four years with Washington , Hamilton had risen far above his “ grov’ling ” condition , but he remained a sort of “ Clerk ” and began to feel stifled in a job “ having in it a kind of personal dependance , ” as he put it .
He nursed dreams of further , personal , glory and chafed when Washington vetoed his requests for his own command .
He came to feel his patron ’s affection a burden — a demand for not just affection but also self - suppression .
For his part , Washington was loath to lose what Chernow calls his alter ego , and he surely felt stung not only by Hamilton ’s eagerness to move on but also by his brilliant protégé ’s return of stiff reserve to his own warmth , the aide ’s correct “ Your Excellency ” to the general ’s “ my boy . ”
“ The pride of my temper would not suffer me to profess what I did not feel , ” wrote Hamilton at the time .
“ Indeed when advances of this kind have been made to me on his part , they were received in a manner that showed at least I had no inclination to court them , and that I wished to stand rather on a footing of military confidence than of private attachment . ”
The inevitable explosion came , as usually happens , over a trifle .
The two passed each other on the stairs , Washington told Hamilton he wanted to speak to him , and Hamilton said he’d be right back and went to finish his errand , returning , “ I sincerely believe , ” in less than two minutes .
He found Washington in a rage .
“ Col Hamilton ( said he ) , you have kept me waiting at the head of the stairs these ten minutes .
I must tell you Sir you treat me with disrespect . ”
How much suppressed heartache that last sentence contains .
“ I am not conscious of it Sir , ” replied Hamilton , “ but since you have thought it necessary to tell me so we part . ”
“ Very well Sir ( said he ) if it be your choice . ”
And though the general almost immediately tried to “ heal a difference which could not have happened but in a moment of passion , ” Hamilton , his pent - up resentment unappeasable , quit the staff .
In July 1781 , Washington finally gave him the command he craved , and it brought him all the glory he wished .
When American and French armies had bottled up British general Cornwallis on the Yorktown , Virginia , peninsula , with a French fleet blocking him offshore , Washington wanted to crush him before rescue ships could arrive .
Two British redoubts stood in the way of squeezing the siege tighter , and Washington ordered Hamilton ’s New York light infantry to clear one and another brigade the other .
Hamilton did it with panache , jumping gallantly onto the redoubt ’s parapet at the head of his troops , who bayoneted the enemy into quick submission ; his counterpart did it with less grace and more blood .
But the two victories checkmated Cornwallis , who surrendered five days later , on October 19 , 1781 , ending the last great battle of the long war — though it was two more years before the British finally left New York City .
While soldiers starved and froze throughout the war , Hamilton , at Washington ’s right hand , bitterly watched how Congress ’s shortcomings worsened their sufferings with fecklessness and corruption that turned scarcity into famine .
He mused over how to fix what was broken , and read widely , filling the blank pages of his old artillery - company paybook with facts and quotations from Bacon , Cicero , Hobbes , Hume , Montaigne , and Plutarch , along with Postlethwayt on Trade and Commerce .
By 1780 , still Washington ’s ADC , he had concluded , years before anyone else , that the United States needed a constitutional convention to form an entirely new governmental structure .
That year , in a prophetic letter to Congressman James Duane , with his brilliant grasp of a complex whole in all its details , he sketched out that new government : energetic , strongly centralized , with power to raise an army and build a navy , assess taxes and contract foreign loans to support them , declare war or peace , regulate trade , coin money , and establish banks .
Having played his heroic part in the battle that won the war , he returned to civilian life aiming to help create that new order .
Late in 1780 , he had married Elizabeth Schuyler , the levelheaded , endlessly kind daughter of General ( later Senator ) Philip Schuyler , head of a great patroon family , owner of tens of thousands of upstate acres , and a proud friend and powerful ally of his son - in - law ever after .
The young couple moved into the Schuyler Mansion in Albany , a gabled , Dutch - style town founded by Stuyvesant , where Eliza listened to sermons in Dutch , still spoken in the Hudson Valley until well into the nineteenth century .
There Hamilton taught himself law by ravening through his friend Duane ’s legal library , learning in six months what usually took three years and writing a study guide for himself that , passed around in manuscript copies , served other law students as a textbook for the next decade .
In October 1782 , three months after passing the bar , he became the equivalent of a British barrister .
When the British finally left New York City , leaving behind a half - burned - out town stinking of sewage , Hamilton moved back with Eliza and brand - new baby Philip to a rented house at 57 Wall Street and became one of the city fathers who rebuilt Gotham .
He joined the board of the now - renamed Columbia College , helped create the New York Board of Regents , and founded the Bank of New York — all within the first year or so of his return .
He also became one of the greatest lawyers of them all — up there with Daniel Webster , one judge later averred .
All the while , the project of recasting the national government ripened in his mind .
While still cramming for the bar in 1782 , he won election to Congress , headed two of its key committees six months later , and grew all the more fervent for reform .
In 1786 , he sought a New York legislature seat to use , he told a friend , “ as a stepping stone to a general convention to form a general constitution . ”
His maneuvering in the months after he won it made him , says Catherine Drinker Bowen , “ the most potent single influence toward calling the Convention of ’ 87 . ”
At the convention , besides ensuring that immigrants like himself had full , New York–style opportunity to serve in Congress , he made only one other contribution : a six - hour speech outlining his ideal government .
He proposed a highly democratic House of Representatives elected every three years by universal manhood suffrage , counterbalanced by a president and senate to serve for life ( unless impeached for misbehavior ) , chosen by electors picked by men of property .
His purpose was double .
He wanted to combine , as he ’d suggested in his letter to Duane , the advantages of a monarchy ’s energetic executive with republican liberty .
He also aimed to ensure real checks and balances between the rich and powerful and the rest .
“ Give all power to the many , they will oppress the few , ” he explained , according to Madison ’s convention notes .
“ Give all power to the few , they will oppress the many . ”
Here was a scheme that would ensure true equilibrium , he said , rather than merely having “ democracy checked by democracy , ” as the other proposed schemes envisioned .
Of his president - for - life idea , he conceded , “ It will be objected probably that such an executive will be an elective monarch ” — and his enemies have repeated that objection up to this day , falsely accusing him of secret monarchism .
But behind his idea lay his deepest worry : that direct democracy could decline into mindless mob rule .
He had seen that happen after Concord and Lexington , when a New York patriot mob had stormed the King ’s College president ’s house , aiming to tar and feather him for his outspoken Toryism .
The 20 - year - old Hamilton boldly harangued the drunken , anarchic crowd about how they were about to “ disgrace and injure the glorious cause of liberty ” — just long enough for their target to flee out the back and take ship for England .
So , too , in November did Hamilton try , unsuccessfully , to defend Tory newspaper publisher James Rivington when patriots destroyed his print shop .
“ The same state of the passions which fits the multitude , who have not a sufficient stock of reason and knowle [d ] ge to guide them , for opposition to tyranny and oppression , very naturally leads them to a contempt and disregard of all authority , ” Hamilton wrote John Jay after the Rivington incident .
“ When the minds of these are loosened from their attachment to ancient establishments and courses , they seem to grow giddy and are apt more or less to run into anarchy .
. . .
In such tempestuous times , it requires the greatest skill in the political pilots to keep men steady and within proper bounds , on which account I am always more or less alarmed at every thing which is done of mere will and pleasure , without any proper authority . ”
This sentiment lay at the heart of Hamilton ’s political vision .
“ Men are reasoning rather than reasonable animals , for the most part governed by their passions , ” he once remarked — a very different vision from Jefferson ’s Enlightenment rationalism .
“ Why has government been instituted at all ? ” he asked .
“ Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice , without constraint . ”
So while the Constitution that finally emerged from the convention could n’t bring about “ the deceitful dream of a golden age , ” which no earthly government can accomplish , Hamilton noted , it was unquestionably a practical framework for ensuring liberty while keeping men steady and within proper bounds .
Drawing from all the advances of “ the science of politics , ” it provided for the “ regular distribution of power into distinct departments — the introduction of legislative balances and checks — the institution of courts composed of judges , holding their offices during good behaviour — the representation of the people in the legislature by deputies of their own election .
. . .
These are . . . powerful means by which the excellencies of republican government may be retained and its imperfections lessened or avoided ” — exactly what he was seeking in his marathon convention speech .
This was a constitution that Hamilton thought worth fighting for , offering everything he had called for in his 1780 letter to Duane .
With his then - friend James Madison and John Jay ( whom rheumatism soon sidelined ) , he began the greatest propaganda campaign ever in favor of the Constitution ’s ratification —
The Federalist Papers , 85 newspaper columns , some 50 of which Hamilton wrote , sometimes two , occasionally five or even six , a week .
The first , which Hamilton penned on a passenger sloop from New York to Albany , appeared on October 27 , 1787 , and stressed how high the stakes in the debate were : “ whether societies of men are really capable or not , of establishing good government from reflection and choice , or whether they are forever destined to depend for their political constitutions , on accident and force . ”
We learned from our “ unequivocal experience . . . in the course of the revolution ” that our existing governmental structure does n’t work , Hamilton argued , and now the trade disputes raging between different states show that the old structure may prove too weak to hold our union together in the future .
We could end up , like the European countries , divided into several warring “ confederacies , ” each too weak to defend itself against the depredations of the European powers .
The new Constitution , he argued as The Federalist progressed , fixes these problems by creating “ a vigorous national government ” with sufficient powers to protect us “ as well against internal convulsions as external attacks , ” to regulate international and interstate commerce , and to carry on foreign affairs .
It provides for vital “ energy in the executive . ”
It allows the federal government to raise armies and build a navy , as it must “ if we mean to be a commercial people . ”
And it permits the government to tax , since “ money is . . . the vital principle of the body politic , ” government ’s “ essential engine . ”
But a proto–Laffer effect will keep taxes in check .
“ If duties are too high they lessen the consumption . . . ; and the product to the treasury is not so great as when they are confined within proper and moderate bounds . ”
And , of course , “ if we are in earnest about giving the Union energy and duration , we must abandon the vain project of legislating upon the States in their collective capacities :
We must extend the laws of the Fœderal Government to the individual citizens of America , ” making the national government supreme at the expense of the state governments .
In June 1788 , the Constitution took effect when the ninth state ratified it .
In July , New York State decided to sign on , too , thanks primarily to a month of Hamilton ’s heroic speechifying at the Poughkeepsie ratifying convention .
Wildly pro-Constitution Gothamites celebrated their townsman ’s magnificent achievement as author and orator with a rollicking parade , featuring a flag that depicted Hamilton with trumpet - blowing Fame , and climaxed by a 27 - foot frigate - shaped float pulled by ten horses and christened the Federal Ship Hamilton .
Marching down Broadway with the celebrants was Hamilton ’s old St. Croix boss , Nicholas Cruger .
Once George Washington took office under the new Constitution on April 30 , 1789 , that “ energy in the executive ” that The Federalist had extolled turned out to be Hamilton himself .
Appointed Treasury secretary in September — the startled Washington had only recently learned that his ex-aide was a financial whiz — Hamilton , now 34 and the administration ’s chief policymaker , turned to the financial crisis undermining the nation .
He did more than solve it .
He used it as an occasion to bring about his own mini-revolution , transforming what historian Forrest McDonald calls a “ hierarchical and deferential social order ” — in which freely elected justices of the peace always turned out to be generation after generation of the same family and Harvard listed students in order of family prominence — into a free - market , opportunity society in the New York tradition .
“ The fabled birth of Minerva from the brain of Jove , ” Daniel Webster exclaimed , “ was hardly more sudden or more perfect than the financial system of the United States as it burst forth from the conception of Alexander Hamilton . ”
Certainly all the complex pieces came into being almost simultaneously and meshed together with Swiss - watch precision .
But the exquisite mechanism had a purpose , which Hamilton explained in his 1791 Report on Manufactures , and it ’s worth understanding the why before quickly considering the how .
Under the “ more equal government ” that the Revolution and new Constitution established , America now enjoys unprecedented “ personal independence ” and “ perfect equality of religious privileges , ” he wrote .
Its next task is to nurture a diversified economy that includes manufacturing .
The object is not just the production of more goods and services but of human fulfillment in thinking them up and creating them .
So while “ a more ample and various field of enterprize ” will certainly increase the wealth of the nation , it will also allow all “ the diversity of talents and dispositions which discriminate men from each other ” to develop to their fullest excellence .
In a society with limited opportunity , “ minds of the strongest and most active powers for their proper objects . . . labour without effect , if confined to uncongenial pursuits . ”
But “ when all the different kinds of industry obtain in a community , each individual can find his proper element , and can call into activity the whole vigour of his nature . ”
To Hamilton , this free - market entrepreneurialism is a kind of soulcraft .
“ To cherish and stimulate the activity of the human mind , by multiplying the objects of enterprise , is not among the least considerable of the expedients , by which the wealth of a nation may be promoted . ”
Once in motion , who knows how far the machinery of opportunity and progress can go ?
The more demand expands , the more enterprise responds .
“ Every new scene , which is opened to the busy nature of man to rouse and exert itself , is the addition of a new energy to the general stock of effort .
. . .
The bowels as well as the surface of the earth are ransacked for articles which were before neglected .
Animals , Plants and Minerals acquire an utility and value , which were before unexplored . ”
Prosperity grows , invention and ingenuity flourish , dependence on ( and vulnerability to ) foreign powers shrinks .
But to reach that point takes a money economy , and that ’s what Hamilton created out of the $ 76 million that the nation and various states owed to soldiers , army suppliers , and foreign lenders .
That debt , said Hamilton in his January 1790 Report on Credit , “ was the price of our liberty , ” and it would be shameful to repudiate it , as some politicians urged .
It would be impolitic , too : for if the federal government could convert all the various bonds and promissory notes representing those debts into federal government securities that people believed would actually be paid in full , those securities could serve as money .
They could serve as a medium of exchange that would “ give greater means for enterprize , ” extending trade , manufacturing , and agriculture .
But they could do so , to repeat , only if people believed that they were really worth what they said they were worth , and government creates such belief by keeping its promises , not repudiating them .
Of course , the nation had insufficient gold and silver to pay these debts in full , so Hamilton proposed instead to renegotiate and restructure them into several kinds of interest - bearing annuities .
He would pay the interest by levying import duties and excise taxes sequestered in a special “ sinking fund ” that he ’d also use to buy up bonds in the market whenever they fell below their face value , thus pushing the price back up to “ par ” ( as he did spectacularly to calm the markets like a seasoned central banker when the bursting of a speculative bubble gave way to the panic of ’ 92 ) .
Thus stabilized in value , the securities could serve as money .
But in the process , Hamilton had to untangle a jumble .
Some original holders had sold their promissory notes at big discounts ; and in converting these to federal bonds , some legislators asked , should n’t the government in fairness discriminate among holders , paying a speculator who ’d bought an IOU from a hard - up ex-soldier only what he ’d paid for it , plus interest , and giving the rest of the face value to the veteran whose wounds had earned it ?
Hamilton managed to talk Congress out of such discrimination , arguing that it would be an administrative nightmare of dubious justice , and that it would subvert the whole enterprise , because unless people believed that government securities were worth their face value , they would n’t be negotiable and so would n’t serve as money .
And what of the state debts ?
Hamilton thought that the federal government — meaning everybody — should assume responsibility for paying them , since they ’d been incurred in the national cause .
He also did n’t want the states competing with the federal government in taxing the same items .
But Virginians , who ’d already settled most of their debt for pennies on the dollar , and who had lots of House votes , disagreed .
And so Hamilton made his famous deal with Jefferson and Madison over dinner on June 20 , 1790 .
They ’d provide the votes for the federal “ assumption ” of state debts , if Hamilton delivered the votes for moving the national capital from New York to Philadelphia for ten years and then to a permanent site on the Potomac , where the Virginia statesmen incidentally had bought up lots of land .
By the end of July , the necessary legislation had passed .
And by December , paper worth $ 15 million when Hamilton first went to work in his Broadway office just below Wall Street had risen in value to $ 45 million .
That month , now in the new capital of Philadelphia , Hamilton sent Congress his Report on a National Bank , laying out the last parts of his plan — a bank to issue currency and lend it , a mint to print and coin it , and a customs service to collect duties and catch smugglers .
Paper money , Hamilton understood , has an almost magical aspect .
Like a bond , a banknote is just a promise , resting on the credit of the issuer , and credit is mere belief .
He had already noted in his Report on Credit that “ in nothing are appearances of greater moment , than in whatever regards credit .
Opinion is the soul of it , and this is affected by appearances , as well as realities . ”
Now he intended to use the prestidigitation of credit to levitate the nation into economic modernity .
“ Gold and silver , when they are employed merely as the instruments of exchange and alienation , have been not improperly denominated dead Stock , ” he explained in the Report on a National Bank ; “ but when deposited in Banks , to become the basis of a paper circulation , which takes their character and place , as the signs or representatives of value , they then acquire life , or , in other words , an active and productive quality . ”
That ’s because , first , the bank can issue paper currency far beyond the value of the precious metal in its vault , since people have sufficient faith that they can redeem their dollar bill for a dollar ’s worth of gold or silver that they never do the experiment .
How far beyond the value of the gold and silver can the paper currency grow ?
In a breathtaking leap of daring , Hamilton arranged that , of the bank ’s $ 10 million capitalization , only $ 2 million would be actual precious metal ; the rest would be . . . federal government bonds , so that the national debt would support an even larger superstructure of credit .
Stockholders would pay for their shares in four installments over two years .
For the first six months , therefore , Hamilton balanced a $ 10 million elephant of currency on a $ 500,000 ball of specie .
So why was this not a pyramid scheme ?
Hamilton made one of those leaps of faith that , once made , prove true .
He believed that the country had a vast latent productive capacity and raw developable land that just needed to be unlocked with capital to start gushing wealth .
As things stood , he had written as far back as 1780 , “ the money in circulation is not a sufficient representative of the productions of the country . ”
The bank ’s ability to put its capital to work , incessantly circulating it in notes or in loans at interest , so that it never lies idle , is to “ all the purposes of trade and industry an absolute increase of capital , ” he observed .
“ And thus by contributing to enlarge the mass of industrious and commercial enterprise , banks become nurseries of national wealth . ”
By giving loans to the creditworthy , banks “ enable honest and industrious men , of small or perhaps no capital to undertake and prosecute business , with advantage to themselves and to the community , ” he wrote , as one self - made man hoping to give others the same opportunity ; and indeed , he took care to issue currency in small denominations , so that even the humblest could reap the benefits of the new economy .
Hamilton insisted that the bank be run privately , not by government ( which held a 20 percent stake , to give it some oversight power ) .
A private bank would take care not to print more money than its capital could support or than the economy could productively employ , since otherwise people would try to cash in superfluous banknotes for specie , depleting the bank ’s reserves .
Underlying the magical belief , he repeatedly insisted , had to be a foundation of hard reality : some specie is really there ; loans go to people whose character and business plans the bank finds , after careful inspection , solid enough to pay back the money .
Politicians are less prudent .
“ The stamping of paper is an operation so much easier than the laying of taxes , ” Hamilton noted , that in an emergency , government would too readily roll the presses , producing inflation and ruining the bank ’s credit .
Stupid , yes : “ But what government ever uniformly consulted its true interest , ” he asked , “ in opposition to the temptations of momentary exigencies ? ”
In this case , at least , government did the right thing , and Washington signed the bank bill in February 1791 .
As Hamilton rolled out his new revolution , opponents rose up in outrage .
One revolution , they thought , had been enough , perhaps even too much .
Some , like New York governor George Clinton , guarding his vast power from federal constraint , resisted even ratifying the Constitution as long as he could .
Others , especially Jefferson , believed that the Hamiltonian system would exalt Northern urban “ stock jobbers ” over Southern agriculturalists , and even Harvard - trained John Adams thought bankers mere “ swindlers and thieves . ”
Still others , with Jefferson and Madison at their head , feared that Hamilton ’s energetic expansion of federal power threatened constitutional liberty .
Where , for instance , does the Constitution give government authority to charter a bank ?
They pooh - poohed Hamilton ’s contention that Article I , Clause 8 , allowing Congress to make any law “ necessary and proper ” for carrying out its enumerated powers , provides such authority by arming government with what Hamilton called “ implied as well as express powers . ”
They rejected his argument that a sovereign government has the “ right to employ all the means requisite and fairly applicable to the attainment of the ends ” for which it was established , an argument that is a Federalist leitmotif , even in the numbers written by a younger and wiser Madison .
The “ necessary and proper ” clause , they countered , does n’t license merely convenient but only indispensable means .
If government goes down the Hamiltonian road , Jefferson warned , it takes “ possession of a boundless field of power , no longer susceptible of any definition ” — exactly the arbitrary , monarchical power we fought a revolution to overthrow .
What would such power do ?
It would bring about , said Patrick Henry , what “ I have ever dreaded — subserviency of southern to northern interests . ”
By which he meant , as he had phrased it more succinctly three years earlier in opposing the Constitution , “ They ’ll free your niggers . ”
The Framers , who hoped they ’d found a way for the nation to be half slave and half free , in any event agreed not to keep raising the issue — an agreement , Chernow points out , that during the debates over Hamilton ’s financial system “ allowed southern slaveholders to proclaim that northern financiers were the evil ones and that slaveholders were the virtuous populists , upright men of the soil . ”
But the tension remained — becoming the mainspring of our history from the 1820 Missouri Compromise to the Civil War — and Northern abolitionists never heeded the gentlemen ’s agreement .
Hamilton himself , who hated slavery from seeing its barbarities firsthand in the West Indies — Beekman and Cruger had traded in slaves ; his mother had owned them — had become a founding member of the New York Manumission Society in 1785 , and after the Revolution he had declared the very idea of making Britain return or pay for slaves it had freed “ odious and immoral . ”
It took decades , but Patrick Henry ’s prediction proved correct .
To his rivals , then , Hamilton ’s “ federalist ” program was less a revolution than a counterrevolution against liberty and limited government , and their opposition , which defined American politics for most of Washington ’s administration , was bitter .
For his own part , aside from his wry awareness that , in Doctor Johnson ’s phrase , “ we hear the loudest yelps for liberty among the drivers of negroes , ” Hamilton abhorred the version of liberty that the “ antifederalists ” increasingly embraced — the liberté of the French Revolution , which began two months after Washington took office and filled Hamilton with a “ foreboding of ill . ”
In The Federalist , he had rejected , in favor of practical real - world experience and the lessons of history , “ those idle theories which have amused us with promises of an exemption from the imperfections , the weaknesses , and the evils incident to society in every shape . ”
Now , he wrote to Lafayette , “ I dread the reveries of your philosophic politicians . . . who being mere speculists may aim at more refinement than suits . . . with human nature . ”
They mistakenly saw men as reasonable rather than merely reasoning creatures , able to re-create society from logical first principles rather than modestly building on “ ancient establishments and courses , ” in light of “ that best oracle of wisdom , experience . ”
Human nature being the imperfectible thing it is , he thought , the French would more than likely “ run to anarchy . ”
When they did , in the massacres , regicide , and Terror of 1792 and ’ 93 , his dread deepened .
When France ’s ambassador , “ Citizen ” Genêt , arrived in America in April 1793 and , flouting U.S. neutrality , enlisted American vessels as privateers against British shipping , Hamilton was scandalized , as he was by Genêt ’s stirring up pro-French democratic - republican clubs in U.S. cities to demonstrate in favor of the Revolution .
One huge Philadelphia mob , John Adams reported , even “ threatened to drag Washington out of his house and effect a revolution in the government or compel it to declare war in favor of the French Revolution and against England . ”
When Republicans ( as the antifederalists renamed themselves ) started calling one another “ citizen ” and became so pro-Revolution that , “ rather than it should have failed , ” as Jefferson declared , “ I would have seen half the earth desolated , ” Hamilton began to fear that the homegrown “ spirit of Jacobinism ” could lead in America to “ calamities of which the dreadful incidents of the French revolution afford a very faint image . ”
The ferocity of this clash , which marked the birth of our two - party system , startles us today .
Did Republicans and Federalists really mean it when they cursed each other as “ monarchists ” and “ anarchists ” ?
Yes — for their experiment in government , still brand - new , seemed fragile to them .
Benjamin Franklin ’s famous answer to the question of what kind of government the Constitutional Convention had produced was : “ A republic — if you can keep it . ”
As Hamilton put it in 1800 , in terms that make clear he was our Edmund Burke : “ A new government , constructed on free principles , is always weak , and must stand in need of the props of a firm and good administration ; till time shall have rendered its authority venerable , and fortified it by habits of obedience . ”
The Hamiltonians and Jeffersonians each saw the other as perverters of Franklin ’s trust .
And they said so pseudonymously in their party newspapers , the Republicans with a scurrility that even modern bloggers rarely achieve .
Hamilton , wrote Governor Clinton or one of his henchmen , was “ Tom S*** , ” a “ mustee ” ( the origin of the false belief that Hamilton had African blood ) .
Partial to “ the pagentry of rank , the influence of money , . . . and the terror of military force ” ( wrote Madison in Philip Freneau ’s odious paper ) , the Treasury secretary aimed to make one of George III ’s sons king of the United States .
Hamilton , writing in John Fenno ’s paper , mildly asked if readers thought it right for Jefferson to use government funds to employ Freneau to attack a government in which he himself was secretary of state — and if they really agreed with Jefferson ’s denunciations of Hamiltonian policies .
“ If to National Union , national respectability Public Order and public Credit they are willing to substitute National disunion , National insignificance , Public disorder and discredit — then let them unite their acclamations and plaudits in favour of Mr. Jefferson . ”
Jefferson recalled that he and Hamilton were “ daily pitted in the cabinet like two cocks , ” and each privately tried to enlist Washington against the other .
After the president told Jefferson that anyone who believed he did n’t support Hamilton ’s measures must think him “ too careless to attend to them or too stupid to understand them , ” the secretary of state unleashed Freneau to attack Washington himself .
Washington finally lost his iron control , Jefferson reported , and exploded in a cabinet meeting : “ By God he had rather be in his grave than in his present situation ; . . . that that rascal Freneau sent him three of his papers every day . . . ; that he could see in this nothing but an impudent design to insult him . ”
In a now - familiar tactic , the Republicans tried to wear Hamilton down with two congressional inquiries , requiring written reports and days of testimony on his personal as well as official financial dealings .
In truth , they wore each other down .
Jefferson left the cabinet at the end of 1793 , Hamilton resigned as Treasury secretary just over a year later , and Washington decided that two terms were enough and returned to Mount Vernon in 1797 .
One of the dumbest things ever said about a land settled by immigrants seeking a new start across the sea is that there are no second acts in American lives .
America , especially Hamiltonian opportunity America , is all about second chances — and third and fourth ones .
But Hamilton himself had done almost everything in his power to make his own political comeback very difficult .
You ’d think that any Treasury secretary would have known that when a pretty 23 - year - old turns up at your door saying that her husband has left her and asking for money , you do not offer to bring her some at her house later that evening , and you do not start an affair with her the minute you arrive .
But Hamilton was a sucker for pretty young women in distress ( perhaps hoping to rescue someone like his mother ) .
He ’d been at West Point when Benedict Arnold ’s treachery came to light , for example , and he completely fell for artful coconspirator Peggy Arnold ’s charade of innocence as she tearfully received him , Washington , and Lafayette , all heaving bosom out of a cheap romance .
And at the height of his power , as he was guiding his bank bill through Congress in the summer of 1791 , he fell just as easily for Maria Reynolds , who with her husband seems to have made a career of shaking down prominent men .
At first , the husband , who soon claimed to have reconciled with Maria , just “ happened ” to ask Hamilton for a Treasury job , without success .
A wary Hamilton thought he ’d better break off the affair , but Maria ’s “ appearances of violent attachment , and of agonizing distress at the idea of relinquishment ” played on his “ sensibility , perhaps my vanity , ” so he planned “ a gradual discontinuance . . . as least calculated to give pain , in case a real partiality existed ” — meaning he could n’t keep away from her .
“ Do something to Ease My heart Or Els I no not what I shall do for so I cannot live , ” she wrote , in one of a series of such letters .
“ The variety of shapes which this woman could assume was endless , ” Hamilton exclaimed with a half - admiring exasperation .
Just before Christmas , the husband pretended to “ discover ” the sexual goings - on and extorted $ 1,000 in blackmail “ as the plaister of his wounded honor , ” as Hamilton put it .
A month later , Reynolds wrote Hamilton , “ inviting me to renew my visits to his wife , ” which Hamilton did , allowing Reynolds systematically to “ levy contributions upon my passions on the one hand , and upon my apprehensions of discovery on the other . ”
With studied professionalism , Reynolds made sure that a witness , another lowlife named Clingman ( who later married Maria ) , saw Hamilton several times as he came to his house to visit Maria — as he did , all told , for nearly a year .
Having risen so high , Hamilton was back among the grifters he thought he ’d left behind .
Of course , no amount of money would stop these people from using the power they had over him , and they passed it on to his enemies .
When Reynolds and Clingman landed in jail as swindlers ( on a different matter ) , Clingman , appealing to his ex-boss Congressman Frederick Muhlenberg for help , told him that he could “ hang ” Hamilton for conspiring in financial hanky - panky at the Treasury with Reynolds , showing notes from Hamilton to Maria as evidence .
Duty - bound to investigate , Muhlenberg , together with another congressman and Senator James Monroe , called upon Hamilton in December 1792 to ask .
Yes , said Hamilton , he had had dealings with Reynolds — but not “ for purposes of improper pecuniary speculations ” but rather because of Reynolds ’s “ design to extort money from me ” for “ an amorous connection with his wife . ”
Hamilton showed the three embarrassed legislators a sheaf of documents that amply persuaded them , and they declared themselves satisfied and sorry to have troubled him .
But the matter did n’t end there .
In the summer of 1797 , another Republican journalistic hit man named James Callender revived the corruption charges against Hamilton and revealed the sex scandal , which he ’d learned from Monroe .
( In Jefferson ’s pay , like Freneau , Callender later turned on the sage of Monticello and revealed the then - president ’s long affair with his slave Sally Hemings in 1802 . )
The official - misconduct charge ignited Hamilton ’s fury .
Scrupulously incorruptible and indifferent to riches , he had retired as Treasury secretary poor : the notoriously corruptible and rich French diplomat Talleyrand , who had become Hamilton ’s friend when he took shelter in America from the Terror , reported with amazement , after glimpsing Hamilton through the candlelit window of his New York law office , “ I have seen a man who made the fortunes of a nation laboring all night to support his family . ”
With remarkably poor judgment — Washington seems to have supplied all of the political prudence in their long partnership — Hamilton churned out a luridly vivid pamphlet , which I have been quoting , denying financial corruption and explaining his transactions with Reynolds by detailing his relations with Maria .
Had he kept silent , the gutter - press rumormongering would have died away .
But now his enemies roasted him .
Hamilton ’s “ whole proof in this pamphlet rests upon an illusion , ” cackled Callender .
“ ‘ I am a rake and for that reason I can not be a swindler .
I have not broken the eighth commandment .
. . .
It is only the seventh which I have violated . ’ ” His friends kept an embarrassed silence .
But there was a worse pamphlet to come .
Late in the 1800 presidential campaign three years later , he wrote the Letter from Alexander Hamilton , Concerning the Public Conduct and Character of John Adams , Esq. President of the United States that Adams believed cost him reelection .
He already believed that Hamilton ’s support of a rival Federalist had pared his presidential victory to a razor - thin margin , and he resentfully spurned his advice once in office .
Hamilton nevertheless gave sub-rosa counsel to cabinet members , and Adams , suspecting “ a mischievous plot against his independence , ” summarily fired two of them .
The two clashed repeatedly over policy , and Adams believed that Hamilton was working against his reelection , when the reverse was true .
All this dirty linen Hamilton aired in his pamphlet , going on to argue that Adams had “ great and intrinsic defects in his character , which unfit him for the office of Chief Magistrate , ” including “ a vanity without bounds , and a jealousy capable of discoloring every object . ”
His “ ungovernable temper ” makes him “ liable to paroxisms of anger , which deprive him of self - command ” ( to the point , Jefferson recalled , of his “ dashing and trampling his wig on the floor ” ) .
Nevertheless , he ’s a Federalist , Hamilton concluded , and “ I have finally resolved not to advise the withholding from him of a single vote . ”
Adams went down in defeat , the Federalist party split in two and slowly died , Hamilton entered the political wilderness , and the Southern Republicans he so despised — Jefferson , Madison , and Monroe — reigned for the next quarter - century .
Some think that Hamilton went into his duel with Aaron Burr five years later out of suicidal despair over the wreck of his political career .
That was n’t the case .
He had built his beautiful yellow villa at the very top of Harlem Heights in 1802 and was happy to work on his highly successful law practice in his little book - lined study there , to take his gun round his 35 acres of woods looking for game birds , to tend the garden laid out by his friend Dr. Hosack , to read to his seven children , and to gaze out the floor - to - ceiling bow window of his long drawing room at the magnificent rural view northward up the Hudson and eastward to Long Island Sound .
“ A disappointed politician is very apt to take refuge in a garden , ” he explained .
But he was n’t even done with politics .
Late in 1801 , he and nine partners founded the New - York Evening Post — still operating today as the morning New York Post — and its editor recalled often calling on Hamilton late in the evening to get help thinking through some important political development .
“ As soon as I see him , he begins in a deliberate manner to dictate and I to note down in shorthand , ” William Coleman recounted .
“ When he stops , my article is completed . ”
And when Vice President Aaron Burr , knowing that Jefferson would drop him from the ticket in the 1804 election , decided to run for governor of New York instead , Hamilton roused all his political skill and passion to stop him .
Hamilton had met the handsome , dapper , wellborn roué when Burr momentarily served on Washington ’s wartime staff ; their legal careers intertwined ever since they both joined the bar .
Hamilton thought Burr a cynical opportunist with “ no principle , public or private , ” who had never produced “ a single measure of public utility ” in political life , and who should not be governor of his home state .
“ If we have an embryo - Caesar in the United States , ” he thought , “ ’tis Burr . ”
What actually led him to the duel was a tragic choice he had made just after the Post was born .
He was a man torn between two irreconcilable ideals .
Having come into the world with a congenital disgrace , he was self - made even in the matter of honor , thinking his own so precarious that he was quick to take offense at any slight , large or small .
He castigated Adams , for example , for not asserting “ the national dignity ” after “ the mortifying humiliations we had endured ” from revolutionary France ’s undeclared war on U.S. shipping in 1797 and ’ 98 .
Like most soldiers , he believed in asserting honor through dueling , and he had nearly challenged Monroe over the Virginian ’s leaking the supposedly confidential facts of the Reynolds affair .
On a practical level , he believed that the disgrace of evading a duel would ruin anybody ’s political future .
But as he got older , his early religiousness returned , and he knew dueling was wicked .
So when he learned that his beloved 19 - year - old “ eldest and brightest hope , ” Philip — whom he had often taken with him , with one or another of his younger sons , when he had to be away on long official trips — was to fight a duel the next day , he was torn over what advice to give , especially since Philip had gotten into the duel by calling his opponent a “ rascal ” for a speech insulting Hamilton himself .
Hamilton advised a course he thought would reconcile honor and morality .
Philip should shoot into the air , honorable behavior in the dueling code .
His opponent might do the same or might miss ; only one duel in five was fatal .
But this one was .
Taken to his uncle ’s house with a bullet in his gut , Philip died after hours of agony , his weeping parents lying on either side , clinging to him .
And that drove Hamilton ’s 17 - year - old daughter mad .
She lived to be 73 in a kind of permanent , fearful girlhood , talking of Philip as if he were still alive and singing the songs she used to sing with her father .
Poor Angelica , said her younger sister when they were both old .
“ Lost to herself for half a century . ”
Material enough for novels by all the Brontës .
Hamilton could easily , and honorably , have avoided his duel with Burr .
Enraged by his loss in the gubernatorial race , blaming Hamilton for working against him and wrongly thinking him the author of slashing campaign attacks , Burr wanted revenge .
He found the occasion in a letter to a newspaper about its report that Hamilton had called Burr “ a dangerous man and one who ought not to be trusted with the reins of government . ”
Actually , said the letter writer — a guest at the dinner party where Hamilton had made the remark — “ I could detail to you a still more despicable opinion which General HAMILTON has expressed of Mr. BURR . ”
That did it for Burr , who sent his second to demand that Hamilton explain what “ despicable opinion ” he held .
The second diplomatically advised Hamilton to say that he had no idea what the dinner guest was talking about , which would have ended the matter right there .
Hamilton replied instead that Burr had no business asking him such questions .
When Burr then demanded that Hamilton take back anything he ’d ever said “ derogatory to the honor of Mr. Burr , ” the duel was on .
Hamilton told his friends that he would “ throw away ” his shot : just what he ’d advised his son to do .
Hamilton ’s friends told him not to do that , for Burr , a crack marksman , had been doing target practice and was rumored to mean to kill him .
But Hamilton was thinking more about Philip than about Burr .
Whether he lived or died , what he was seeking was atonement .
Rowing across to Weehawken on July 11 , 1804 , he famously looked back at the New York he had done so much to shape “ and spoke of the future greatness of the city . ”
Arriving at the secluded ledge on the Jersey bank , he took his position , put on his glasses , and fired above Burr ’s head , shooting some twigs off a cedar tree .
Burr shot him through the liver and shattered his spine .
“ This is a mortal wound , ” Hamilton said ; and surrounded by his family and a dozen weeping friends , in the middle of the next afternoon , aged 49 , he died .
He left a statement apologizing to his creditors if he did n’t leave enough to pay off the debt from building his little villa , explaining that he had looked forward to a “ comfortable retirement ” there after having “ been so much harassed in the busy world ” and that he expected the house , “ by the progressive rise in property on this Island , and the felicity of its situation to become more and more valuable . ”
Indeed it did , as the engine of prosperity he set in motion enriched his city and nation .
As a result , his villa — the only house he ever owned — got moved not once but twice .
In 1889 , as his country landscape became urban , a developer bought part of his 35 acres to build row houses , and offered Hamilton Grange , as the house was called , to anyone who would move it .
An Episcopal church rolled it two blocks from its original site at 143rd Street and Convent Avenue down to 141st Street , to use as a rectory , wedging the house in sideways to fit the space , moving the front door to the side , and shearing off the verandas .
And now , moved again to a site where its porches can be restored , its front door put back , it still stands on Hamilton ’s land , next to City College , where another generation of ambitious immigrants prepares itself to plunge into Hamilton ’s opportunity America .
The National Parks Service , the house ’s owner , is gradually restoring it .
Already the architects have scraped away dozens of layers of paint to discover the original pale yellow of the drawing - room walls , and they ’ve discovered , by taking down plaster , that early descriptions of the room , with three mirrored doors echoing the tall bow window at the room ’s other end and reflecting its view , are correct .
They ’ve even found the doors .
I ’m hoping they ’ll find the original furniture : the piano that Angelica Hamilton used to play , I know , is stored in a warehouse somewhere .
But most of all , I hope Hamilton ’s silver ice bucket turns up .
It arrived at his door when the scandal over the Maria Reynolds affair was at its height and he badly needed some support .
In the box , he found this note : “ Not for any intrinsic value the thing possesses , but as a token of my sincere regards and friendship for you and as a rememberance of me ; I pray you to accept a Wine cooler for four bottles .
. . .
It is one of four I imported in the early part of my late administration of the Government ; two only of which were ever used .
I pray you to present my best wishes , in which Mrs. Washington joins me , to Mrs. Hamilton & the family ; and that you would be persuaded , that with every sentiment of the highest regard , I remain your sincere friend and affectionate Hble .
Servant .
Go : Washington . ”
He understood better than anyone the man ’s incomparable worth .
The Original Slacker : Wilson was the model and inspiration for the Church of the Subgenius and its iconic figurehead J.R. ' Bob ' Dobbs .
Premature Illumination Robert Anton Wilson , the iconoclastic genius behind the famed ' Illuminatus !
Trilogy , ' has a few thousand things he'd like to teach you By Bill Forman Decades before the crossover cult film What the Bleep Do We Know !?
popularized the idea that the principles of quantum mechanics could be applied to the world at large , Robert Anton Wilson had laid out much the same theory in his book , Prometheus Rising .
Venture further into Wilson 's oeuvre and you 'll find equally prescient material on longevity research ; you 'll likely even stumble across source materials that inspired Dan Brown to write The DaVinci Code .
" I think I 'm the most ripped - off artist of our time , " says Wilson , seated in the living room of a modest Capitola apartment adorned with an array of pookahs , Buddhas and at least one Loch Ness monster .
" People keep coming out with books 30 years after - - books on things I wrote about -- and they all become bestsellers .
" I wrote about them too early , " says Wilson , raising a thin arm and shaking his finger to emphasize his point : " Do n't be premature . "
Lance Bauscher agrees .
" This whole DaVinci Code thing with Dan Brown , I mean , that 's all Bob 's material , " says Bauscher , who directed a film about Wilson called Maybe Logic and also runs an academy through which Wilson 's online course , " Tale of the Tribe , " begins on Aug. 14 .
" Dan Brown has read all of Bob 's books .
But Bob does n't really compromise his storytelling -- not that Dan Brown does -- but it 's for a general audience , and Bob just does n't go there . "
Maybe that 's because Wilson can't helping throwing his audiences so many curve balls , mixing esoteric facts with wild flights of imagination -- and rarely revealing which is which .
From self - destructing mynah birds to world domination enterprises determined to grant immortality to Adolf Hitler , the irascible Wilson 's Illuminatus !
Trilogy ( written in the ' 70s with co-author Robert Shea ) is a fun- house ride through every conspiracy theory under the sun-- as well as a few that appear to have been hatched in some far distant solar system .
At age 73 , Wilson 's body and voice have both been weakened by post - polio syndrome , but his brain and his humor are as sharp as ever .
" His humor is constant and people are never sure if he 's being serious , " says Bauscher of Wilson 's intellectual gymnastics .
" I mean , the Illuminati : is it a joke or serious ?
And Discordianism : is it a joke disguised as a religion , or a religion disguised as a joke ? "
All of which helps explain why Wilson 's name does n't frequent bestseller lists , nor is he routinely credited for the insights that are beginning to capture the public imagination decades later .
In fact , one day this past spring , after Santa Cruz moviegoers had lined up to see What the Bleep Do We Know !?
in sufficient numbers to justify its three - month run , Robert Anton Wilson was lying alone , conscious but unable to move , on the floor of this one - bedroom Capitola apartment for 30 hours .
" It really did n't seem that long , " says Wilson of his collapse , which ended when his daughter arrived and broke down the door .
" And I remember thinking , as I 'm lying there trying to move and unable to move :
Hey , I may be dying now .
And it did n't frighten me or bother me at all . "
Wilson 's subsequent trip to the hospital , the first of his adult life , was a different story altogether .
" The worst thing about hospitals , " says Wilson , who was rescued when his daughter managed to break into the apartment , " is that all the rights guaranteed in the first 10 amendments are immediately canceled .
You have no civil rights whatsoever .
And the second thing is , all the ordinary rules no longer apply -- you are no longer a person deserving of kindness , you 're a disobedient child who has to be reprimanded and herded around .
My God , I do n't know why people put up with such treatment . "
Wilson , we can presume , does n't particularly like being told what to do .
" Not by people who treat me like an idiot .
Not when I 'm 73 years old , I have 35 books in print , I supported a wife and four kids for most of my life .
I do not appreciate being treated like a disobedient 4 - year - old , the way they treat everybody in the hospital . "
Of course , you do n't have to go to a hospital to be treated like that , but Wilson 's on a roll ... " I was an editor of Playboy , for chrissake , " he cries , as though that , if nothing else , should carry some weight in this culture .
" I 've had plays performed in England , Germany and the United States ; my books are in print in a dozen countries .
Why the hell do they treat me like a child ?
I refuse to tolerate it .
If they wo n't treat me with dignity , I wo n't go anywhere near them , especially with all the goddamned germs they got floating around there .
CNN did a report on it -- the number of people who are killed by diseases picked up in hospitals is much greater than the number who are killed by cars .
" I 'm never going to a hospital again .
Never , never , never , never !
I will lie on the floor and die before I go back to a hospital . "
Photograph by Dina Scoppettone R.A.W.
Power : Despite post - polio symptoms , Wilson has n't lost his edge .
Maybe , Baby A presumably less opinionated Robert Anton Wilson was born into this world -- Brooklyn or Long Island , he claims not to remember which -- on Jan. 18 , 1932 .
Raised in an Irish - Catholic ghetto , he attended a Catholic school whose strict dogma and not exactly cheerful nuns helped inspire future rebellions .
When he was 7 or 8 , Wilson recalls in Bauscher 's film , they told him there was no Santa Claus .
" I kept waiting for them to admit there 's no God , " says Wilson .
" They never did . "
Wilson attributes the curing of his childhood case of polio at the age of 4 to the Sister Kenny method of physical therapy , which in those days was regarded by the medical community as so much quackery .
Such formative events left Wilson with a high regard for experimentation and research , as well as a decided antipathy for faith - based and conventional wisdom .
" Faith - based organizations say we do n't need any more research , we know enough now , we can be dogmatic , whereas researchers say we do n't know enough now , investigate , research , " argues Wilson .
" Faith is a reason to become stupid : ' From this point forward , I will remain stupid . '
To me , faith - based organizations are responsible for everything I see wrong with this planet .
Research - based organizations are responsible for everything I like about it .
Before the French Revolution , the average life expectancy was 37 years .
Now it 's 78 years .
All due to research - based organizations .
Not at all due to faith - based organizations .
All faith - based organizations give you is George Bush .
Research - based organizations give you cures for disease . "
At age 17 , Wilson was planning a career in electrical engineering when he came across a copy of Alfred Korzybski's Science and Sanity while perusing the library bookshelves at Brooklyn Technical High School .
Korzybski-- who will be featured in the " Tale of the Tribe " class along with other seminal thinkers like Giordano Bruno , Giambatista Vico , Friederich Nietzsche , Ernest Fenollosa , Ezra Pound , James Joyce , Buckminster Fuller , Claude Shannon and Marshall McLuhan -- had as profound an influence on Wilson 's young mind as his work would have on that of later generations .
Wilson was particularly taken with the Polish semanticist 's critique of newer European languages .
" Korzybski suggested dozens of reforms in our speech and our writings , most of which I try to follow .
One of them is if people said ' maybe ' more often , the world would suddenly become stark , staring sane .
Can you see Jerry Falwell saying : " Maybe God hates gay people .
Maybe Jesus is the son of God . '
Every muezzin in Islam resounding at night in booming voices : ' There is no God except maybe Allah .
And maybe Mohammed is his prophet .
Think about how sane the world would become after a while . "
Maybe it would .
" Well , yeah , " says Wilson .
" Maybe . " Some of It Has Got to Be True
The opening of the American mind , or at least the one belonging to Robert Anton Wilson , continued more - or - less unabated throughout the '50s and '60s .
In 1958 , he married Arlen Riley -- who had worked as a scriptwriter for an Orson Welles radio show -- and she went on to introduce Wilson to the work of Alan Watts .
Friendship and collaborations with Timothy Leary followed , as well as experimentation with an array of drugs and mystic traditions .
But it was in the decidedly secular surroundings of the Playboy editorial office , back in the late ' 60s , that two associate editors would hatch the idea of the Illuminatus !
Trilogy , which remains Wilson 's best - known work to this day .
" I 'm sorry to disappoint you , but it was much like working at any other magazine , " says Wilson , who never even got to visit Hef 's grotto .
" I mean , you went into the office , you did your job and you went home .
The difference is that all the girls were good - looking .
Of course , I was happily married and not fucking all the secretaries , I 'm sorry to say . "
Wilson and co-conspirator Robert Shea did borrow a few ideas from letters to the editor they received at Playboy , but most of the influence on their collaboration came from the broader gestalt of an era that was obsessed with esoteric arcana and increasingly paranoid about all manner of conspiracies .
" He and I were talking one night over bloody marys and peanuts , " recalls Wilson , " and he says , ' What if every conspiracy theory is true ? '
It began as satire , but a lot of people were really scared by it .
Which makes sense , because some of it has got to be true . "
Careening wildly from detective story to first - person rant , from twisted history to apocryphal speculation , the Illuminatus works continue to influence the oddest assortment of young minds .
Camper Van Beethoven were outspoken fans , as were the Seattle Posies , who paid tribute to Wilson on their first album .
( Wilson says Guns ' N ' Roses were also fans , but it 's probably unfair to hold him responsible for them , ) Author Tom Robbins is a Wilson devotee , as is Bay Area author R.U. Sirius , who took his name from Wilson 's book , Cosmic Triggers , and went on to found Wired magazine precursor Mondo 2000 .
( Sirius is also one of the instructors at the Maybe Logic online academy , as are Dice Man author Luke Rhinehart ; chaos magic godfather Peter Carroll ; DePaul professor Patricia Monahan , who is also Robert Shea 's widow ; and several others . )
Wilson has also inspired at least two religions , or send - ups thereof : Discordianism took root in the immediate wake of the trilogy , while the Church of the Subgenius enshrined Wilson -- in the form of pipe - clenching icon Bob Dobbs -- as its figurehead some two decades later .
While introducing him at a convention , Subgenius founder and high priest Ivor Stang called Wilson " the Carl Sagan of religion , the Jerry Falwell of quantum physics , the Arnold Schwarzenegger of feminism " and " the James Joyce of swingset assembly manuals . "
As the years went on , Wilson continued to write and speak with relentless energy .
After he and his wife moved up to Capitola in the early '90s , he used an early incident here as a way to explain quantum physics .
" When I moved from Los Angeles I moved into what I thought was Santa Cruz , " Wilson told a European audience during footage included in Bauscher 's film .
" Then we had something stolen from our car and we called the police , and it turned out we did n't live in Santa Cruz , we lived in a town called Capitola .
The post office thought we lived in Santa Cruz , the police thought we lived in Capitola .
I started investigating this and a reporter at the local newspaper told me we did n't live in Santa Cruz or Capitola , we lived in a unincorporated area called Live Oak . "
" Now quantum mechanics is just like that , " Wilson continues , " except that in the case of Santa Cruz , Capitola and Live Oak , we do n't get too confused because we remember we invented the lines on the map .
But quantum physics seems confusing because a lot of people think we did n't invent the lines , so it seems hard to understand how a particle can be in three places at the same time and not be anywhere at all . "
The League of Armed Marijuana Patients
After 41 years of marriage , Wilson 's wife and co-conspirator , Arlen , passed away in 1999 , leaving Robert to continue on his own .
The onset of post - polio symptoms has all but eliminated his speaking engagements , while making him a fervent proponent of the medical marijuana movement .
" I 'm a member of WAMM [ Wo / Man 's Alliance for Medical Marijuana ] and of LAMP , " says Wilson .
" LAMP is the League of Armed Marijuana Patients .
And also the Guns & Dope Party . "
It was under the auspices of the latter party that Wilson ran as a write - in alternative to Arnold Schwarzenegger in the recall election , putting forth a platform that included the replacement of capitol legislators with ostriches .
More seriously , he made a rare public appearance at a medical marijuana rally in Sacramento last month .
" You know , at that WAMM rally the week before last , I was sitting up there and thinking , suppose some right - wing nut gets in and throws a bomb ?
Well , what the hell , I 'd rather die for a cause then die for nothing .
It did n't bother me at all .
I ca n't frighten myself anymore . "
But he can tire himself out .
Not only is Wilson 's mobility limited by post - polio symptoms , they also make him experience temperatures as 20 to 40 degrees colder than they actually are .
" I was bitching to Lance about how post - polio problems are making it harder and harder to lecture , and he said , ' Well , why do n't you start teaching online ? '
" I enjoy feedback , " says Wilson .
" Intelligence is function of feedback .
The more feedback you get , the more intelligent you become .
The less feedback you get , the stupider you become . "
Now , Wilson can use his iMac to communicate with the world outside -- including students , fans and colleagues .
Among the latter category are people like Albert Hoffman , the inventor of LSD as well as a drug called Hydergine , which Wilson describes as his " current panacea . "
" It 's a dendrite stimulant , " explains Wilson .
" Your nervous system has more dendrites than muscles .
I may be walking naturally again someday if it works as well as some claim .
Albert Hoffman is going to have his 100th birthday in January after 25 years on Hydergine , and everybody says he looks as healthy as a 60 - year - old . "
Through the years , Wilson and Hoffman have stayed in touch .
" He 's a fan of my books , " says Wilson , " and I 'm a fan of his drugs . "
Yes , but Are You Serious ?
In spite of his physical infirmity , Wilson is extremely generous with both his time and his wisdom .
Still , even after hours of conversation , there remains one mystery he has yet to address .
Maybe it 's like asking a magician to give away the tricks of his trade , but when exactly is Wilson kidding and when is he , you know , serious ?
The question causes Wilson to pause for the first time in our conversation , and then -- is it by chance or conspiracy ? -- his phone rings .
The caller asks for Arlen Wilson , wanting to know if " he " is available to come to the phone .
Wilson says no , and the caller asks to whom she 's speaking .
" This is Boris Karloff , " says Wilson .
" I 'm sorry , " says the caller , " did you say Boris Karloff ? "
" Yes , what can I do for you ? "
" Is Mr. Wilson available ? "
" No , he moved to Shanghai a few years ago . "
The phone conversation comes to an abrupt end shortly thereafter .
A telemarketer ?
I ask .
No , jury duty , he answers .
OK , so at what point is Wilson kidding and at what point is he serious ?
" The older I get , the less seriously I take anything , " says Wilson .
" The Chinese say the wise become Confucian in good times , Buddhist in bad times and Taoist in old age .
I 'm old enough to be a Taoist .
I do n't see anything very seriously . "
Not even , as it turns out , mortality .
" I know I 'm going to die sometime soon : five weeks , five months , five years , " says Wilson .
" I do n't know , maybe 50 years if stem cell research moves along .
But I do n't know and I do n't care .
And I can't take it seriously anymore .
If George Bush is president of the free world , who can take anything seriously ?
For more information on Robert Anton Wilson and links to his course , visit www.rawilson.com.
[ Santa Cruz | Metroactive Central | Archives ]
The headline is a keeper : " Metairie man says stranger chewed , swallowed after taking bite out of his arm . "
The story is horrible , but more frightening still , it suggests the imminent threat of a worsening zombie onslaught .
Lancellotti said he tried to defend himself with a garden rake .
As the men struggled over the rake , the stranger bent over and bit Lancellotti on his right forearm , the report said .
Lancellotti's flesh ripped away as he fell to the ground .
The man then got on top of Lancellotti and began choking him , the report said .
It was then that neighbor Chantal Lorio , a podiatrist and director of the Wound Center at East Jefferson General Hospital , came out to check on Lancellotti .
Lorio said Monday that she first thought Lancellotti was having a heart attack and the other man was trying to help him .
The stranger was still gripping Lancellotti as Lorio noticed her neighbor was lying in a pool of blood .
She did n't learn what happened until she began dressing the wound — with the stranger still clutching her neighbor 's shirt .
" He said , ' He bit my arm , chewed the flesh and swallowed it in front of me , ' " Lorio recalled .
She said the bite measured almost 3 by 1 1/ 2 inches , and was less than 1/4 - inch deep .
USHL Hockey Coach Chases Referee On The Ice
Total Pro Sports –
All the fans who attended the Waterloo Black Hawks and the Chicago Steel game on Saturday night at Young Arena got all of their moneys worth and more .
The penalty - filled game had a total of 60 minutes in penalties and was won by the Waterloo Black Hawks 7 - 4 .
The game also included the Black Hawks coach P.K. O’Handley getting ejected in the third period after he jumped onto the ice to argue with the referee .
O’Handley originally tried to get the ref ’s attention with a water bottle but that did n’t work .
“ As bad as things were out there it is unfortunate that it had to happen , ” O’Handley said .
“ I am not proud of it and it should not have taken place .
“ I thought our guys played very well under some tough circumstances .
It has been a very difficult 24 hours for this team . ”
You can bet the United States Hockey League will further look into this matter and take the needed action to discipline Black Hawks P.K. O’Handley .
At least he did n’t freak out and like Tuuka Rask did the other night when he boomeranged his stick after his Providence Bruins lost to the Albany River Rats .
Share This
( CNN ) -- U.S. health officials expressed concern Friday that a swine flu virus that has infected eight people in the United States matches samples of a virus that has killed at least 68 people in Mexico .
Swine flu is usually diagnosed only in pigs or people in regular contact with them .
U.S. health experts also are concerned because more than 1,000 people have fallen ill in Mexico City in a short period of time .
" This situation has been developing quickly , " said acting CDC director Richard Besser .
" This is something we are worried about . "
New York health officials announced Friday they are testing about 75 students at a Queens school for swine flu after the students exhibited flu - like symptoms this week .
A team of state health department doctors and staff went to the St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens on Thursday after the students reported cough , fever , sore throat , aches and pains .
There have been no confirmed cases of swine flu there .
The tests results are expected as early as Saturday .
Of the 14 Mexican samples tested by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , seven were identical to the swine flu virus found in Texas and Southern California , Besser said at a news conference .
An eighth U.S. case was reported Friday .
All of the eight U.S. patients have recovered , Besser said .
Watch for more on the U.S. cases »
As a precaution to avoid further contamination , schools and universities in Mexico City and the state of Mexico were closed Friday , said the national health secretary , Jose Angel Cordova Villalobos .
He said the schools may remain closed for a while .
Sixty - eight people have died in Mexico City , Cordova said at a news conference .
More than 1,000 other people have gotten sick , he said .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon canceled a trip Friday to northern Mexico so he could remain in Mexico City to monitor the situation , the state - run Notimex news agency reported .
Calderon met with his Cabinet on Thursday night to discuss the outbreak .
Six of the U.S. cases were found in California , and two in Texas , near San Antonio , CDC officials said .
The Public Health Agency of Canada issued a respiratory alert for Mexico on Wednesday , recommending that health providers " actively look for cases " in Canada , particularly in people who've returned from Mexico within the last two weeks .
An alert issued Friday by the International SOS medical and consulting company said more than 130 cases of a severe respiratory illness have been detected in south and central Mexico , some of which are due to influenza .
" Public health officials in Mexico began actively looking for cases of respiratory illness upon noticing that the seasonal peak of influenza extended into April , when cases usually decline in number , " the medical alert said .
" They found two outbreaks of illness -- one centered around Distrito Federal ( Mexico City ) , involving about 120 cases with 13 deaths .
The other is in San Luis Potosi , with 14 cases and four deaths . "
Authorities also detected one death in Oaxaca , in the south , and two in Baja California Norte , near San Diego , California .
There was no indication why the International SOS tallies did not match the Mexican health secretary 's figures .
The majority of cases are occurring in adults between 25 and 44 years of age .
The CDC first reported Tuesday that two California children in the San Diego area were infected with a virus called swine influenza A H1N1 , whose combination of genes had not been seen before in flu viruses in humans or pigs .
The first two cases were picked up through an influenza monitoring program , with stations in San Diego and El Paso , Texas .
The program monitors strains and tries to detect new ones before they spread , the CDC said .
Other cases emerged through routine and expanded surveillance .
The human influenza vaccine 's ability to protect against the new swine flu strain is unknown , and studies are ongoing , Schuchat said .
There is no danger of contracting the virus from eating pork products , she said .
The new virus has genes from North American swine and avian influenza , human influenza , and swine influenza normally found in Asia and Europe , said Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC's Influenza Division .
The new strain of swine flu has resisted some antiviral drugs .
The CDC is working with health officials in California and Texas and expects to find more cases , Schuchat said .
A pandemic is defined as : a new virus to which everybody is susceptible ; the ability to readily spread from person to person ; and the capability of causing significant disease in humans , said Dr. Jay Steinberg , an infectious disease specialist at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta .
The new strain of swine flu meets only one of the criteria : novelty .
History indicates that flu pandemics tend to occur once every 20 years or so , so we 're due for one , Steinberg said .
" I can say with 100 percent confidence that a pandemic of a new flu strain will spread in humans , " he said .
" What I can't say is when it will occur . "
CNN 's Elizabeth Landau contributed to this report .
All About Mexico • Influenza • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
By Chris Summers
BBC News
How have Britain 's national newspapers changed in the past 30 years ?
Here we compare four papers .
The Sun between 1979 and 2009 Daily Mail between 1979 and 2009 Daily Telegraph between 1979 and 2009 The Guardian between 1979 and 2009 THE SUN 15 January 1979 Front - page headline - HELPLESS !
3 MILLION FACE DOLE QUEUES Britain was in the grip of the " winter of discontent " .
At the time many people still worked in the manufacturing industries and many of them faced lay - offs due to shortages caused by strikes by both lorry drivers and rail workers .
Has crime lost out to showbiz ?
SUN CIRCULATION FIGURES Jan-Jul 1979 - 3,793,007 Jan-Jul 1989 - 4,173,267 Jan-Jul 1999 - 3,730,466 Jan 2009 - 3,146,006 Source : Audited Bureau of Circulations ( ABC ) Page
Three girls had been introduced in 1970 , but the political and industrial crisis was so dire " lovely Tina Thomas " was actually relegated to page five .
Because of a crippling lack of newsprint , the whole paper was reduced to a measly 12 pages , three of which were sport .
Prominent stories involved the unsolved murder of model Barbara Gaul in Brighton , and campaigner Mary Whitehouse was criticising the BBC for showing sexually explicit films on BBC Two .
The Sun had recently overtaken the Daily Mirror to become Britain 's most popular newspaper .
16 January 1989 ( 15 January was a Sunday ) Front - page headline - TV BOSS IN PORN GIRLS QUIZ Only 10 years have elapsed but already the Sun is showing signs of change .
Next to the main story on the front page is a huge plug for a feature inside about EastEnders star Leslie Grantham , entitled The Secret Life Of Dirty Den .
The page - seven lead is about a woman who had won money in the Sun 's own bingo competition .
Also prominent is the new Bizarre column , about showbiz gossip , which was edited at the time by Garry Bushell .
15 January 1999 Front - page headline - JAGGER DIVORCE
The Sun claims a World Exclusive in revealing that Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger was splitting up with his wife , the model and actress Jerry Hall .
The paper was now up to a " whopping " 60 pages , with 11 pages devoted to sport .
The trend towards celebrity culture is even more marked , with several leads about TV stars and footballers - including the " news " that Manchester United 's Gary Neville had bought a bicycle .
There was also a two - page spread about celebrities and their daughters , featuring Madonna , Sheryl Gascoigne and Jerry Hall again ; and also a 24 - page entertainment listings supplement .
Dominic Mohan has taken over the Bizarre column , which is now spread over two pages .
15 January 2009 Front - page headline - LIFE ON MARS ( WELL , THERE'S SOMETHING UP THERE HAS WIND ) Quite unusually the editor has chosen to " splash " on a serious story - albeit riddled with puns - about Nasa revealing that methane has been detected on the Red Planet , which could hint at the existence of some form of life .
The Page Three girl survives - despite several campaigns by the politically correct to remove her - in the form of 21 - year - old Peta from Essex .
There are numerous page leads about celebrities , including one which claims a TV money expert has gone bankrupt .
Page seven is devoted to a large picture spread about Victoria Beckham advertising Armani underwear , which appears to be based on solely a press release .
Another example of PR blurb is a story - illustrated with several pictures - of a " Magic Scarf " that is apparently proving popular with female shoppers .
THE DAILY MAIL Back to top 15 January 1979
Front - page headline - NOW - BONNY ALASTAIR Linda Lee-Potter , who later made her name as a columnist , penned this front - page story about the birth of the world 's second test - tube baby .
DAILY MAIL CIRCULATION Jan - Jul 1979 - 1,943,793 Jan - Jul 1989 - 1,750,303 Jan - Jul 1999 - 2,350,241 Jan 2009 - 2,228,897 Source : ABC Nigel Dempster 's gossip column was prominent on page seven and page leads included news of film star John Wayne 's nine - hour stomach operation .
He would die of cancer six months later .
Another page lead was a first - person piece of reportage by John Edwards , who was one of the journalists who had discovered the secrets of what would be known as the " killing fields " following the Khmer Rouge 's departure from Cambodia .
16 January 1989 Front - page headline - FERGIE BACK ON DEATH SLOPES
The Duchess of York , popular tabloid fodder throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s , was on a skiing holiday in Klosters not long after an avalanche which had killed a former royal equerry .
Page leads include a picture spread on boxer Frank Bruno 's six - year - old daughter , stories about Japanese POW camps which is linked to the TV drama Tenko .
There is also a two - page spread , illustrated with lurid photographs , about South Africa 's far - right AWB movement , its leader Eugene Terreblanche and sex scandals involving a woman called Jani Allen .
By now Nigel Dempster had been relegated to page 17 .
15 January 1999 Front - page headline - YOU CAN KEEP THE CHILDREN FOR NOW
The lead story was about foster parents Jeff and Jenny Bramley who went missing with two little girls in their care after a row with social services .
Later that year charges of abduction were dropped against the couple .
Elsewhere there are regular Daily Mail themes , including bashing of the European Union , and a feature about nurses quitting the NHS .
The page - five lead is all about Rod Stewart 's then wife Rachel Hunter .
In the inside pages is a two - page spread about stars like Jennifer Aniston looking hungover .
In the 1990s the Mail bucked the trend for declining circulation and opened up a huge gap on its one - time rival , the struggling and under - funded Daily Express .
Poor old Dempster has by now been shunted on to page 39 , and was eventually dropped altogether in 2003 .
15 January 2009 Front - page headline - MINISTER SHOOTS HERSELF IN THE FOOT
The Mail goes to town on the story about junior government minister Baroness Vadera claiming she could see the " green shoots " of economic recovery amid the general doom and gloom .
The paper also took aim at the BBC on the front page for allowing disgraced TV presenter Jonathan Ross to host the Bafta awards .
The Mail is also prone to PR spin , with a large picture spread on the " Magic Scarf " on page three , and a page lead on Victoria Beckham in that Armani underwear again .
Also noticeable is the rise of the commentator , with several pages given over to opinion columns by Stephen Glover , Ann Leslie , Quentin Letts and Keith Waterhouse .
Femail has grown to a 19 - page supplement , including a picture spread about what clothes the women judges wear on The X Factor .
THE DAILY TELEGRAPH Back to top 15 January 1979 Front - page headline - CABINET FACE TORY FURY DAILY TELEGRAPH CIRCULATION Jan - Jul 1979 - 1,476,887 Jan - Jul 1989 - 1,113,033 Jan - Jul 1999 - 1,044,740 Jan 2009 - 842,912 Source - ABC
The Telegraph openly gloats as Jim Callaghan 's Labour government struggles amid a tide of industrial strife .
Home Secretary Merlyn Rees orders an inquiry into the use of secondary picketing by the TGWU .
The broadsheet front page is stolidly conservative , with a combination of political and foreign stories and not a whiff of celebrity in sight .
The main photo is of Chinese peasants protesting in what was then known as Peking .
Inside , the paper contains large amounts of foreign news , including a page - four lead about Muslim rebels killing 100 troops of the Afghan Communist government .
Eleven months later the Soviet Union invaded to support the Kabul regime .
Several columnists put the boot into the government and the trade unions , with one describing strikes as " Britain 's disease " .
The paper is only 16 pages , due to a shortage of newsprint .
16 January 1989 Front - page headline - ISRAEL HITS BACK AT WALDEGRAVE ' INSULTS ' Junior Foreign Office minister William Waldegrave has got himself into trouble with the Israeli government for telling them not to be " clever silly " in their dealings with the Palestinians and referring to then prime minister Yitzhak Shamir 's past in the " terrorist " Stern Gang .
There is also a front - page picture of Salman Rushdie 's controversial book The Satanic Verses being burned in Bradford .
The paper wears its Thatcherite heart on its sleeve with page leads on plans being considered by the Tory government for identity cards and the possibility of all immigrants being DNA tested .
George Walden pens a column about the dangers of the end of the Cold War , including the rise of Islam .
15 January 1999 Front - page headline ( under a huge picture of President Bill Clinton ) - ' HIS LIES WERE NOT FEW OR ISOLATED BUT PERVADED HIS WHOLE TESTIMONY '
The presidential impeachment hearing dominated the paper , with pages four and five totally taken up by it .
Other stories on the inside pages include a man who survived for 22 days lost in the jungles of Papua New Guinea , an interview with a British hostage freed in Yemen , and the ex-boyfriend of gynaecologist Dr Joan Francisco being charged with her murder .
He was later jailed for life .
The paper looks a lot more colourful and better presented than in the 1970s and 1980s but remains full of hard news with little bowing to the growing celebrity culture .
15 January 2009 Front - page headline - DISMAY AS MINISTER 'SEES THE SHOOTS OF RECOVERY '
The paper still sometimes dubbed the Torygraph tears into Baroness Vadera for her controversial comments in an interview with ITV News .
It makes a nice picture spread , but is it news ?
The front - page picture is a large photograph of the musical Oliver , ahead of a story about it having taken advance sales of £ 15 m , which sounds very much like it has come from the theatre 's PR company .
There is much less foreign news than in the past and scant crime coverage .
Again the PR companies are doing well with the Magic Scarf story making a large picture spread on page four and a survey by a retail analysis firm making a page lead about John Lewis being Britain 's most popular shop .
There is also a page lead about a new drug for eyelashes that does away with the need for mascara and , on an inside page , a large article which plugging a new book and DVD on Johnny Cash .
THE GUARDIAN Back to top 15 January 1979 Front - page headline - ROAD AND RAIL STRIKES PUT 1M JOBS AT RISK
The Labour - supporting paper is clearly embarrassed by the growing " winter of discontent " and offers a lower figure for the number of jobs at risk because of the haulage dispute .
The newsprint shortage means the Guardian is down to 12 pages .
Inside the paper looks dowdy and dull , with lots of coverage of the arts and features on social work and other liberal professions .
16 January 1989
Front page headline - FREEDOM PROTEST CRUSHED
The splash is about Czechoslovak riot police attacking anti-Communist demonstrators commemorating the death , by suicide , of protester Jan Palach in Prague in 1959 .
The front page also contains a large black and white photograph of a train crash in Bangladesh that claimed many lives .
Inside , politics and foreign news dominate , but there is a large article about the 20th anniversary of Buddhism coming to Britain .
15 January 1999 Front - page headline - TRIAL OF THE CENTURY BEGINS GUARDIAN CIRCULATION Jan - Jul 1979 - 379,429 Jan - Jul 1989 - 438,732 Jan - Jul 1999 - 398,721 Jan 2009 - 358,844 Source - ABC
The Guardian also leads with the Clinton impeachment hearing , with perhaps slightly less relish than the Telegraph .
There is a large front - page picture of Nelson Mandela and FW de Klerk with a story suggesting a bitter feud had gone on between the two men behind the scenes .
The story about foster parents Jeff and Jenny Bramley was on page two , probably being of great interest to the paper 's large readership among social workers .
The Papua New Guinea jungle rescue story and the freeing of the Yemen hostage are also page leads .
The Review has a large feature about Kate Winslet . 15 January 2009 Front - page headline - ' WAR ON TERROR WAS A MISTAKE ' , SAYS MILIBAND During a tour of India Foreign Secretary David Miliband let slip that the whole tone of the Bush / Blair " war on terror " had been misconceived .
There is also a large picture of the Russian tycoon Alexander Lebedev , who is buying the Evening Standard .
The Guardian shows it too is prone to increasing triviality with page leads on Jonathan Ross hosting the Baftas , the demolition of the Astoria venue in London and a story about what presents the Royal Family received from abroad , which appears to have emanated from a press release .
Were you involved in one of these stories from 1979 , 1989 or 1999 ?
What has happened to you since ?
Let us know your story : Chris.
Summers-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The four inmates include Amin al - Balri , a Yemeni national , who was detained in Thailand ; Redha Al - Najar , a Tunisian , who was detained in Pakistan ; Fadi al Maqaleh , a Yemeni national , who was detained in an undisclosed location outside Afghan borders ; and Haji Wazir , an Afghan national , who was apprehended in Dubai .
Judge Bates noted that three of the four petitioners had no connection with Afghanistan prior to their transfer to Bagram .
He added that although practical obstacles existed in resolving a detainee ’s right to habeas corpus in a war zone , these obstacles were of the U.S. government ’s choosing since it had opted to render them to this location :
" It is one thing to detain those captured on the surrounding battlefield at a place like Bagram , which respondents correctly maintain is in a theater of war .
It is quite another thing to apprehend people in foreign countries – far from any Afghan battlefield – and then bring them to a theater of war , where the Constitution arguably may not reach . "
Applying the functional , multi-factor , detainee - by - detainee test mandated by the Supreme Court in its Boumediene decision , Judge Bates upheld the habeas rights of all but Haji Wazir .
Disappointingly , the judge held that as an Afghan national , even one apprehended outside the country , Wazir could legitimately be held as an enemy combatant .
However , the process used by U.S. forces in Afghanistan for determining whether an individual can be classified as an enemy combatant was also criticized , with Judge Bates labeling it " inadequate " for the task at hand and even less thorough than the discredited Combatant Status Review Tribunals established in Guantanamo .
Although Judge Bates did not seek to expand the scope of his ruling beyond the petition before him , it can nevertheless be seen as a body blow to the global war doctrine previously espoused by the Bush administration .
If the judgment stands , individuals detained outside a military theater – for example , the fictional terrorist financier in the Philippines posited by Senator Lindsay Graham during Solicitor - General Elena Kagan ’s confirmation hearing – should henceforth be destined for the criminal justice system rather than a prisoner of war camp .
Furthermore , an unsubstantiated accusation will no longer be enough to condemn such a detainee to endless years in limbo .
Thursday was not just a good day for the Constitution of the United States , it was a red letter day for the Magna Carta as well !
CHESTERFIELD , Mo. 
In 2005 , Jim Lynch placed a big bet on a big vehicle .
He was already a successful Hummer dealer , but he spent $ 7.5 million on a new 34,000 - square - foot showroom in a wealthy suburb of St. Louis .
He even turned 60 acres of Missouri River flood plain into a rough - terrain test track , with visions of people coming from afar to try , and buy , his brawny sport utility vehicles .
General Motors cheered him on , he says , telling him he could eventually sell as many as 1,300 Hummers a year  which start at more than $ 30,000 and can cost more than $ 100,000 , not to mention the thousands that many owners spend on accessories  more than enough to cover his monthly mortgage payment of $ 60,000 .
He sold 70 new Hummers a month when he opened the store , but now sees only a handful of customers each month .
“ That does n’t even pay the interest on my inventory , ” Mr. Lynch said .
“ Now I ’m lying awake at night trying to think of what I can do with this big , beautiful building . ”
Sales of Hummers over all have fallen so far  51 percent last year , the worst drop in the industry  that General Motors is trying to find a buyer for the brand .
Without one , the company might close Hummer .
An announcement about Hummer ’s fate may be made Tuesday .
“ It ’s a brand that represents a lot of what people want to get away from , ” said Rebecca Lindland , an analyst with the research firm I.H.S. Global Insight .
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The photograph is a jarring image that shows Nazi Party members , shovels in hand , digging up graves of American soldiers held as slaves by Nazi Germany during World War II .
Members of the Nazi Party are forced to dig up mass graves of U.S. soldiers while American GIs look on .
more photos »
While the men dig up the site , U.S. soldiers investigating war crimes stand over them .
Two crosses with helmets placed atop them -- the sign of a fallen soldier -- are visible .
Two Germans are knee deep in mud .
Another , with a handlebar mustache , has the look of a defeated man .
The bodies of 22 American soldiers were found in at least seven graves , according to the photographer .
On the back of the photo is written , " Nazi Party members digging up American bodies at Berga . "
Berga an der Elster was a slave labor camp where 350 U.S. soldiers were beaten , starved , and forced to work in tunnels for the German government .
The soldiers were singled out for " looking like Jews " or " sounding like Jews , " or dubbed as undesirables , according to survivors .
More than 100 soldiers perished at the camp or on a forced death march .
It was on this day six decades ago , April 23 , 1945 , when most of the slave labor camp soldiers were liberated by advancing U.S. troops .
The emaciated soldiers , many weighing just 80 pounds , had been forced by Nazi commanders to march more than 150 miles before their rescue .
Watch survivor break down in tears over liberation »
The new photograph was likely taken in May or June 1945 when U.S. war crimes investigators combed Berga .
It was donated earlier this month to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum by Jim Martin and his family , whose father , Elmore " Bud " Martin , is believed to have snapped the picture as part of the war crimes investigation team .
The photo and dozens of others sat for years in Jim Martin 's closet .
Some of the photos , including graphic images of American corpses , were placed on record at the National Archives years ago .
See shocking photos of the slave camp »
But the image of Nazi Party members digging up graves does n't appear to be part of that collection .
Martin said he was proud to hand over the photos .
" People have to see these .
This is something that 's history and it belongs with something that 's historical to tell that story .
It does n't belong in my closet . "
" To be honest , I 'm kind of sorry I have n't done it sooner .
We did n't realize what it was . "
Elmore Martin , who won a Silver Star for his valor in capturing images during the war , was 28 when he shot the photographs .
Before the war , he worked as a photographer for the St. Paul Dispatch and Pioneer Press .
Martin 's son said his dad , who died several years ago , struggled to keep a job when he returned home .
" I now see where it all started , " he said .
What Elmore Martin and the war crimes soldiers seen in the photo could n't have known that day was how the case would evolve .
The two Berga commanders -- Erwin Metz and his superior , Hauptmann Ludwig Merz -- were tried for war crimes and initially sentenced to die by hanging .
But the U.S. government commuted their death sentences in 1948 , and both men were eventually released in the 1950s .
One other Berga commander , Lt. Willy Hack , was executed , but not by the United States .
He died by hanging , justice carried out by the Soviets .
Jim Martin said his father would have been upset at the freeing of the Berga commanders after the atrocities he documented .
" He knew it happened and to see that these people were released would be pretty devastating . "
Efraim Zuroff , who has spent nearly 30 years hunting Nazis responsible for the Holocaust , said the U.S. government commuted the sentences and freed hundreds of war criminals like those at Berga after the war , as the Cold War began to intensify .
" They were more concerned about keeping out Communists than admitting victims of the Nazis , " he said .
" The realities out there were very conducive of letting these people off the hook . "
How should Americans feel six decades later that the government freed the Nazi commanders responsible for atrocities against U.S. soldiers ?
" We 're supposed to feel very pissed off about that , to be perfectly honest , and that feeling is very justified , " Zuroff said .
The German government has since made reparations to the soldiers held at Berga .
Zuroff said now it 's time for the U.S. government to do " the right thing . "
" To apologize , " he said .
The Army said it is trying to figure out the best way to honor the Berga soldiers .
There are about 20 known survivors still living .
" The U.S. Army honors the service and sacrifice of all veterans who have fought our nation 's wars .
The Army is working to identify the most dignified and personal way to honor the soldiers held at the Nazi slave camp , known as Berga , " Army spokesman Lt. Col .
Willie Harris said in a written statement .
The Army refused to answer further questions about the Berga case .
Listen in as an elderly man learns about his brother 's death at the camp »
Survivors have long wanted to know why the sentences of the commanders were commuted .
In a letter dated June 11 , 1948 , to an attorney whose nephew died at Berga , the U.S. War Department said the sentences of Metz and Merz were commuted because they were " underlings . "
The letter goes on to say that Metz " though guilty of a generally cruel course of conduct toward prisoners was not directly responsible for the death of any prisoners , except one who was killed during the course of an attempt to escape . "
That soldier was Morton Goldstein .
Survivors say Goldstein tried to escape but was captured .
They say Metz stood him against a wall , walked up to him and shot him , execution - style , through the head .
As his body lay on the ground , guards riddled him with bullets , according to survivors .
The soldiers who survived were not called to testify at the war crimes trial against Metz and Merz , instead prosecutors relied on about a dozen soldiers ' statements gathered through the course of the investigation .
At the trial , Metz blamed any deaths at the camp on U.S. medics .
" They bore the sole responsibility for the medical care , " Metz told the court , according to the book " Given Up for Dead , " by Flint Whitlock , citing trial transcripts .
" I ask you :
Who must bear the responsibility ?
The answer is obvious : The U.S. medics . "
Those comments do n't sit well with Berga survivors .
" He was terrible , absolutely terrible .
He lied , " said Tony Acevedo , a U.S. medic who catalogued the deaths in a diary at the camp .
" Everybody hated his guts . "
" Even the German guards were scared of him . "
Flip through Acevedo's diary from the slave camp »
Berga survivors say they await any recognition from the Army that may come , especially after all these years .
Morton Brooks , 83 , said he constantly thinks about the day he was liberated .
He was rail thin and had walked by political prisoners shot in the head during the forced death march .
In the final hours before his rescue , his attitude was , " Let them kill us , " he said .
" I think all the time that I 'm a survivor of this and I 'm still around , " said Brooks .
" To me , it just amazes me .
I do n't know how I got through . "
Jim Martin said he 's still trying to process his father 's role as a forgotten American war hero , armed not with a gun , but a camera .
" The worst part is I 'm just finding it out , " he said .
All About United States Holocaust Memorial Museum • The Holocaust • Nazi Party
Google employees get huge option break WORKPLACE
Google is trying to erase employee losses by offering to reset the exercise price on most of its outstanding stock options .
The new exercise price , which is an employee ?s cost for redeeming the option , will mirror Friday ?s closing price of $ 308.57 for Google ?s stock .
less Google is trying to erase employee losses by offering to reset the exercise price on most of its outstanding stock options .
The new exercise price , which is an employee ?s cost for redeeming the option , will ... more Photo : Paul Sakuma , AP Photo : Paul Sakuma , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Google employees get huge option break 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
As Google Inc.'s stock price plunged along with the rest of the market this week , its employees were set up for a windfall down the road .
The market turmoil yielded a moneymaking opportunity for about 17,000 of the Mountain View company 's workers because of a program that 's supposed to help them forget about the nearly 60 percent drop in the company 's stock price since a peak of $ 747 in November 2007 .
To boost morale and retain workers , Google is giving them a second chance to profit from millions of stock options that were doled out in better times .
The value of those options has crumbled as the economy has plunged into its worst recession since the early 1980s , leaving the stock market in shambles .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Google is trying to erase those losses by offering to reset the exercise price on most of its outstanding stock options .
The new exercise price , which is an employee 's cost for redeeming the option , will mirror Friday 's closing price of $ 308.57 for Google 's stock .
Employees profit from options by cashing in on the difference between the exercise price and a stock 's market price .
So Google workers had an incentive this week to root for the company 's shares to decline , lowering their exercise price and boosting the potential payout they could reap later .
Google 's shares edged up $ 2.93 , nearly 1 percent , Friday but still fell nearly $ 30 , or about 9 percent , for the week .
About 85 percent of Google 's 20,000 employees hold options that are " underwater , " meaning the stock 's trading price is below the exercise price .
The vast majority of those options are expected to be exchanged for rewards at the new exercise price before the exchange program expires at 6 a.m. Monday .
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt and co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin - billionaires already - are the only employees who can't take advantage of the offer .
While stock option repricings please employees , they are n't popular among shareholders , who do n't get the same opportunity to erase their losses .
Besides raising issues of fairness , repricing programs threaten to lower future earnings per share because companies will need to issue more stock when the options are cashed in .
His winning exploits are just an example of the skills being sought by the organisers of the inaugural Britain 's Most Talented Pet .
LOS ANGELES ( Hollywood Reporter ) - NBC has ordered a pilot for “ Day One , ” a futuristic drama from “ Heroes ” writer - producer Jesse Alexander .
The project chronicles a small band of survivors of a devastating global event that who strive to rebuild society and unravel the mystery of why the event took place .
Futuristic dramas are in fashion this pilot season .
In ABC ’s “ Flash Forward , ” people have visions of the future .
And ABC ’s “ V ” tackles a future in which Earth is ruled by aliens .
Alexander ’s series credits also include “ Lost ” and “ Alias . ”
Reuters / Hollywood Reporter
The designers behind a car that flies with the aid of a parachute , say they have reached another milestone in the project - flying in the skies over Africa .
How text selection should work
Recently , Pierre Igot kicked off a thing by linking to an old article by John Gruber about how text selection works in OS X in his own article , Shrinking and expanding selections in Mac OS X , about how this is still handled fairly inconsistently .
Sample quote :
Sadly , three years later , things are still a total mess in Mac OS X , even when one keeps the focus exclusively on Apple ’s own software applications .
If anything , it has become even more complex and confusing .
This leads to Gruber linking to him and to other articles , because Gruber loves to link to articles about Gruber .
( Fair enough ! )
Gruber ’s own take seems to be this :
The text selection behavior Pierre Igot is complaining about in the aforelinked piece is exactly the behavior recommended by the HIG : [ … ]
In other words , if you create a selection using the mouse and then extend the selection using the keyboard , it does n’t matter whether you created the selection by ( a ) dragging left - to - right , ( b ) dragging right - to - left , or © double - clicking .
In all three cases , the selection is unanchored in terms of extending it using the keyboard .
I agree with this .
He also links to another piece ( mostly ) defending the OS X way of doing text selection .
Caught up ?
OK .
Here is what all of these pieces are missing :
( from Engadget )
Text selection in Mac OS X is clearly inferior to text selection in iPhone OS X .
The desktop OS need to add in little grabby handles like the mobile OS has .
It would be so much clearer if after you highlighted some text and when you pressed shift + ← the left selection handle started glowing or being highlighted or whatever .
Then when you press shift +← again , it would make total sense for the selection to expand on the left side .
It would make the current behavior make visual sense .
It would also allow you to grow or shrink a selection with your mouse if you wanted .
It would also make the tricky box selects that you can sometimes do by holding down option make more sense .
Everything would be better and children would laugh and sing together .
Leaving the grabby handles in iPhone OS X only would be a real shame .
I filed this as a request for enhancement in Apple ’s bug track some time back .
It ’s # 6703135 for those with the ability to see those kinds of things .
忖度しません ( 単行本 )
斎藤 美 奈子
1760
2015/7-2020/7連載「世の中ラボ」改題。コロナ禍で露呈したのは、日本には生活困窮者がこんなにいるということだった!
一億総中流は過去の夢。なぜこうなったのかを本を読んで考え続けた同時代批評。
“ Trust in the Lord with all thine heart ; and lean not unto thine own understanding . ”
— Proverbs 3:5 ( KJV ) “ Casting down imaginations , and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God , and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ … ”
— 2 Corinthians 10:5 ( KJV )
Many critics of organized religion have compared it to brainwashing or mind control .
Personally , I would not describe it in these terms .
These are strong words with overtly pejorative connotations , and their use is likely to be perceived by believers as an ad hominem attack , rather than contributing to a civil and productive dialogue between atheists and theists .
Nevertheless , the fact remains that their application is not without merit .
Even the staunchest defender of theism cannot deny that , to an extent , religions teach their followers to prize faith over facts , to rely on the word of authorities rather than their own judgment , and to disregard arguments that run counter to their beliefs .
The above quotes from the Bible provide examples of this .
The first specifically tells believers not to rely on their own understanding , while the second instructs them to bring their thoughts “ into captivity ” .
What can this possibly mean other than that a Christian ’s every thought must begin with the preconception that their religious beliefs are true ?
By comparison , atheists , in general , do not believe that a person ’s thoughts should be brought into “ captivity ” to any particular belief system at all .
Instead , atheists generally hold that one ’s thoughts should be set free to explore wherever they please , to examine one ’s beliefs from every angle , and even to consider the possibility that they are not true – because if they are true , they will inevitably stand up to reality and so there is no harm in asking the question .
On the other hand , if they are not true , we should want to know that so we can replace them with something better .
Quotes such as these from the Bible and other holy books provide one example of the unending battle between faith and reason at the heart of every system of religious belief .
But there are many more such conflicts , and many more methods , some of which are especially insidious , by which theistic systems teach their followers to keep their thoughts in captivity and suppress reasoning and arguments that threaten their beliefs .
This essay will examine some of them .
The Memetic Virus
“ Like computer viruses , successful mind viruses will tend to be hard for their victims to detect .
If you are the victim of one , the chances are that you wo n’t know it , and may even vigorously deny it .
Accepting that a virus might be difficult to detect in your own mind , what tell - tale signs might you look out for ?
I shall answer by imaging [ sic ] how a medical textbook might describe the typical symptoms of a sufferer ( arbitrarily assumed to be male ) .
1 . The patient typically finds himself impelled by some deep , inner conviction that something is true , or right , or virtuous : a conviction that does n’t seem to owe anything to evidence or reason , but which , nevertheless , he feels as totally compelling and convincing .
We doctors refer to such a belief as ‘ faith . ’
2. Patients typically make a positive virtue of faith ’s being strong and unshakable , in spite of not being based upon evidence .
Indeed , they may feel that the less evidence there is , the more virtuous the belief… . ”
— Richard Dawkins , “ Viruses of the Mind ”
The concept of the meme was coined by biologist Richard Dawkins in his 1976 book The Selfish Gene .
A meme ( rhymes with “ dream ” ) is the basic unit of culture , just as the gene is the basic unit of biology .
Any idea or concept that is passed from person to person can be a meme , and the sum total of the memes in a given society forms what is usually referred to as culture .
There are all sorts of memes : a meme can be as trivial a concept as an advertising slogan , a slang expression , a clothing style or a catchy musical refrain ; or it can be as powerful and world - shaping an idea as democracy , freedom of speech , science , or God .
The concept of the meme is itself a meme .
Memes share many traits with their biological counterparts .
Like genes , they replicate themselves ( by spreading from person to person ) .
Like genes , they mutate , with new variants occasionally appearing .
Like genes , they experience frequency changes over time , with some variants persisting and spreading rapidly while others dwindle and go extinct .
And what this means is that , like genes , memes evolve .
The competition among them mimics the Darwinian competition among genes occurring in the real world : some which are very effective at winning people over propagate and become dominant in society .
Others which are less successful at spreading to new minds die out .
However , in one very significant respect memes differ from genes .
Namely , genes cannot spread in isolation ; they must combine into complexes , usually called organisms , that possess all the numerous necessary adaptations for survival and reproduction .
Memes , on the other hand , can reproduce all by themselves , spreading from mind to mind through the medium of human culture .
There is only one type of organism in nature for which there exists an apt comparison : a virus .
Viruses are obligate parasites , consisting of little more than a string of genetic material surrounded by a protein shell .
Although they cannot reproduce on their own , they can commandeer the reproductive machinery of a cell , causing it to create more copies of the virus .
Memes can act similarly , spreading to new minds and incorporating themselves into a person ’s set of beliefs or memories ; in many cases , individuals that have come into contact with a new meme feel the desire to transmit it to others .
However , unlike real viruses which are almost always pathogenic , memes can be benign or positively beneficial – although they too can be malignant and dangerous .
People have been inspired both to kill and to die by memes .
Of course , memes do not have an existence apart from their hosts as viruses do .
They are only an analogy , albeit a very useful and apt one , to demonstrate how ideas arise , evolve , and spread from person to person .
With this established , let us try a thought experiment .
Imagine that you wanted to create a complex of memes – a memetic virus – whose purpose was to keep people under your control and cause them to obey a set of rules of your choosing ; one that would spread from person to person and that would be nearly impossible to eradicate once it had taken root in a mind .
Why anyone would want to create such a thing is not important for the purposes of this exercise , but there are many imaginable reasons .
A member of the elite seeking personal gain might want to foster a belief system that would convince people to willingly hand over their wealth or possessions ; an aspiring leader might want to acquire the obedience of the populace or unite a group of people against an outside threat .
The question is , how could one craft a system of beliefs that would inspire such a response ?
The first hurdle that must be overcome is to convince people to accept your new ideology .
The simplest and the best way is to appeal to self - interest , as successful leaders throughout history have done : people will eagerly follow you if they genuinely believe that doing so will bring benefits to them .
But what type of reward to promise ?
Different people are motivated by different things .
The best way to avoid this difficulty , since all the things that people strive after are ultimately just efforts to make themselves happy , is to simply promise your adherents a life of unsurpassable happiness and bliss .
While one could try to describe what form this would take , it might be better not to be overly specific , but instead to tell your followers that all their greatest desires will be realized .
This allows them to personalize the reward in their own minds to whatever they themselves want most .
This now presents a new difficulty : if you promise something you cannot deliver , people will likely abandon you .
But there is a way around that problem as well .
Rather than promise your followers they will be rewarded immediately for their allegiance , move the reward to somewhere where its existence can never be disproven .
One particularly clever way to do this is to perpetually keep the payoff in the distant but not too distant future , always just over the horizon , always soon but not yet .
This will inspire people to keep chasing it , to always be working just a little harder , doing a little more in anticipation of that day .
Another solution , not mutually exclusive with the other , is to place the reward after death , in another life beyond this one .
Not even the most skeptical examination can conclusively disprove it then .
Again , this will encourage your followers to work for you their entire lives without ever becoming discouraged .
It might also be helpful to counterbalance this promised great reward with an equally great punishment for those who will not believe , and safeguard this from disproof using the same methods .
This will provide strong incentive for believers not to stray , by appealing to their sense of self - preservation as well as their desire for happiness .
The second major issue is transmission .
You may be able to sway a few people into believing you , but spending all your time evangelizing would be tedious and slow .
For maximum efficiency and rate of spread , the type of growth to strive after is exponential , in which the more followers you have , the more converts you make .
The obvious solution is to add to this suite of beliefs a new one that encourages the converted to work to convert others as well .
Since we already have the reward proposition , one could justify this by modifying it slightly to inform your followers that it will increase their own reward further to win converts .
However , a more subtle and potentially even more effective way is to tell your followers that they should want to convert other people for those people ’s own good , so that they can share in this wonderful reward .
This will give your followers a strong reason to want to evangelize : they will believe that it is the moral thing to do .
The existence of a punishment for nonbelievers , as above , will aid in this .
Transmission of these beliefs can also be made more effective by encouraging adult converts to teach them to children , who by their nature are more trusting and less skeptical .
Throughout their lives , people rarely throw off the beliefs that they were taught while young .
The third important issue is how to retain believers .
Since the purpose of this assembly of memes is to keep people under control , encouraging them to think for themselves and question their beliefs is probably a bad idea .
Those activities have been feared by those who would control others throughout history , and with good reason : skeptics and freethinkers are by nature difficult to herd .
Instead , you want your followers to be passive , accustomed to obedience and unaccustomed to doubting your authority .
The most effective way to achieve this is to add to the memetic virus a suite of beliefs that will convince those harboring the virus not to question it .
These beliefs would teach your followers not to expose themselves to information or arguments that could damage their beliefs and , where possible , to cut off other believers ’ access to such information .
Most important , teach them that they must always think of their belief as true , no matter what the facts say , and their personal faith takes priority over the evidence of the external world .
If possible , teach that absolute trust and obedience are virtues , while doubt , for any reason whatsoever , is a sin , and puts them in jeopardy of losing their promised reward , or worse , suffering the corresponding punishment .
Of course , every reader will have realized the point of this thought experiment by now .
The beliefs incorporated into this hypothetical memetic virus , designed to capture and command people ’s obedience , are precisely those beliefs taught by most of this planet ’s religions .
Religion is a system of memetic thought control .
( Richard Dawkins , inventor of the concept of the meme , puts forward the same argument in his above - cited essay Viruses of the Mind . )
Admittedly , these beliefs and the reasons why they are effective at controlling people ’s minds were not derived from first principles without reference to the external world .
This example was constructed with an eye on the teachings of conventional religion .
Nevertheless , the fact remains that religions are very effective at directing people ’s thoughts and actions .
The extended example presented above is an attempt to explain why this is so , and what reasoning underlies the tenets of successful religions and makes them effective .
However , it is important to note that , although I have presented this particular example as if a single individual or small group of individuals came together to concoct it deliberately for the purpose of controlling people , I do not believe that most religions were started in this conscious , calculating way .
( There may be a few exceptions . )
Rather , the organization of religions and the fact that many of them incorporate concepts effective at controlling people is a consequence of memetic evolution .
Just as genes do in nature , memes engage in a Darwinian struggle for limited resources – in this case , the number of available human minds .
This is not to say that memes “ want ” to multiply in any conscious sense , any more than viruses do , but memes that are more effective at gaining people ’s allegiance and belief will inevitably flourish at the expense of those that are not as effective .
This principle applies to religion just as it does to other types of memes .
As alluded to above , religions employ a variety of tactics , not just to spread themselves to new minds , but to maintain their hold on the minds they are already in and prevent themselves from being dislodged .
The remainder of this essay will explore some of these tactics in detail .
One particularly effective and insidious method by which some religions accomplish this is by teaching their adherents that it is a sin to doubt God , thus linking the concept of virtue to the ideal of unquestioning faith .
If some event leads believers to wonder whether their beliefs might not be true , they feel guilt over having done so , no matter how reasonable their doubts are .
This is a very effective method of shutting down skepticism and preventing doubt from ever taking hold , sealing off religious beliefs from questioning or critical examination in the believer ’s mind .
Another method by which religious memes maintain their hold on the believer ’s mind is by teaching them to use those memes as the filter through which they view and interpret everything that happens to them .
In religions which use this tactic , believers are no longer free to form their own opinions on any topic .
Instead of thinking , “ What do I think of this ? ” , they become accustomed to thinking , “ What does God think of this ? ” – where “ God ” is assumed to be the sum total of sacred books , teaching and tradition which the believer has absorbed .
Not only does this have the desirable ( to a religious meme ) side effect of accustoming the believer to yielding their own judgment to that of an external authority , if a believer attempts to break away , they will be unable to do so because they will have no cognitive framework that can be used to evaluate issues from a perspective other than that of their previous belief system .
Thus , even when doubts do occasionally spring up , they are phrased in a way that still presupposes the theist ’s beliefs being true – i.e. , “ Why would God allow this to happen ? ” , not “ Is it possible that this happened because God does not exist ? ”
The former phrasing presupposes that God does exist and that he allowed a particular unfortunate event to happen for a good reason that is simply unknown to the believer .
The latter phrasing carries no such built - in assumptions .
However , in addition to these fairly subtle techniques , the memetic epidemic that is religion employs some thought - control tactics that are much more overt and heavy - handed .
One of these , already mentioned in passing above , will be discussed in more detail in the following section .
Dangerous Knowledge
“ My appeal is as follows , ” Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone said this week during a Vatican Radio broadcast .
“ Do n’t read and do n’t buy ‘ The Da Vinci Code . ' ”
— Tracy Wilkinson , “ 20 Million Copies Later , Vatican Says Don’t Read ‘ Da Vinci Code ' ” ; The Los Angeles Times , p.A1 , 18 March 2005 .
One of religion ’s most intrusive , and for a long time one of its most widespread , thought - control techniques is the concept of “ dangerous knowledge ” – the belief that there are some facts about the world that are inherently harmful to know about and that believers should not be aware of .
Sometimes this ignorance is merely encouraged , by teaching believers whether implicitly or explicitly to avoid material deemed injurious to faith ; sometimes it is enforced by church authorities who issue proclamations ordering the banning , censoring , or burning of books that convey forbidden ideas .
Sometimes the authors of works judged particularly offensive are burned along with their books .
Probably the most infamous example of this meme is the Roman Catholic church ’s official Index Librorum Prohibitorum – the Index of Forbidden Books .
Created in 1559 by the Roman Inquisition under Pope Paul IV , the Index was a catalogue of books which Catholic believers were not allowed to read or possess .
At its peak , the Index contained thousands of titles , including works by many famous poets , philosophers , authors and scientists such as David Hume , John Milton , John Stuart Mill , Rene Descartes , Daniel Defoe , Alexandre Dumas , Voltaire , Copernicus , Galileo , and others .
In 1564 , the Index was revised to include a blanket ban on the works of religious leaders of sects other than Catholicism and to allow for bishops and inquisitors to inspect printers ’ and booksellers ’ shops to ensure they were not selling any forbidden works .
Even this was not enough to satisfy some , and in 1908 Pope Pius X declared that the scope of the Index would be further expanded .
From that point on , every book was declared forbidden by default , and the only books which Catholics were allowed to read were those that had been certified by a bishop as “ nihil obstat ” ( Latin for “ nothing obstructs ” ) .
The bishop who authorized a book would add the phrase “ imprimatur ” ( Latin for “ let it be printed ” ) and his own name to signify that he was the one vouching for its conformity with orthodox dogma .
Catholics who violated church law by reading or possessing forbidden books were punished by excommunication .
Updates to the Index officially ceased in 1966 , and the associated penalties were abolished .
Today , Catholics no longer face excommunication for reading books on it .
However , strictly speaking they are still required to avoid books that might be “ dangerous ” to their faith .
Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , the current Pope Benedict XVI , stated as recently as 1985 that the Index “ retains its moral force “ .
And the Catholic church is far from apologetic about the chains it once placed on free speech .
Even today , the Catholic New Advent encyclopedia holds that it is the duty of “ every lawful authority ” to “ protect its subjects from the ravages of a pernicious press … [ by ] exercising censorship of books ” ( from http://www.newadvent.org/cathen/03519d.htm), states that church censorship of ages past was “ proper ” , “ perfectly reasonable ” and showed “ wise moderation and true justice ” , and blames today ’s social ills on “ so - called freedom of the press ” .
And as recently as February 2002 , the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith ( the modern - day Inquisition ) proposed creating a panel of censors to oversee the Catholic magazine America , in response to its persistently publishing editorials on controversial church topics such as condom use and religious pluralism , according to a May 6 , 2005 article from the National Catholic Reporter .
An article in the same magazine estimated that over 100 Catholic theologians have been silenced or reprimanded in the past few decades for promoting views unacceptable to the church orthodoxy .
Although the Index is the most glaring example , attempts by religious leaders to suppress books with which they disagree are by no means limited to Catholicism in particular , nor Christianity in general .
To name another well - known example , author Salman Rushdie ’s book The Satanic Verses has been banned in most Islamic nations ; some bookstores have been bombed for selling it , and Rushdie himself still lives under the threat of a death sentence pronounced on him by Muslim fundamentalists furious at his perceived irreverence toward Islam .
Other authors , such as Nawal El Saadawi , have likewise had their books banned from intolerant Muslim societies .
And although such drastic infringements on free speech are thankfully a memory in the United States , right - wing Christians here continue their efforts to restrict others ’ access to books they dislike by agitating for their removal from public school libraries .
Even today , Christians still burn books .
Although this latter practice is now largely symbolic rather than a genuinely effective gesture , that makes its evil message all the more apparent – that there are books and ideas which should be destroyed or censored rather than allowing others to read them for themselves .
“ In the reign of Henry VIII — that pious and moral founder of the apostolic Episcopal Church — there was passed by the parliament of England an act entitled “ An act for abolishing of diversity of opinion . ”
And in this act was set forth what a good Christian was obliged to believe :
First ,
That in the sacrament was the real body and blood of Jesus Christ .
Second ,
That the body and blood of Jesus Christ was in the bread , and the blood and body of Jesus Christ was in the wine .
Third ,
That priests should not marry .
Fourth ,
That vows of chastity were of perpetual obligation .
Fifth ,
That private masses ought to be continued ; and ,
Sixth ,
That auricular confession to a priest must be maintained .
This creed was made by law , in order that all men might know just what to believe by simply reading the statute .
The church hated to see the people wearing out their brains in thinking upon these subjects .
It was thought far better that a creed should be made by parliament , so that whatever might be lacking in evidence might be made up in force .
The punishment for denying the first article was death by fire .
For the denial of any other article , imprisonment , and for the second offence — death . ”
— Robert Green Ingersoll , “ Heretics and Heresies ”
Another egregious example of religious thought control is the concept of blasphemy laws .
The mere existence of such a concept as blasphemy is revealing when it comes to the religious view of dissent : what this idea says in essence is that arguments against religion , regardless of their factual merit , should be silenced because some people do not want to hear them .
However , more telling still is the fact that often in history these prejudices have been actually enacted into law , evidently by nations who were evidently either so fearful or possessed of a faith so fragile that it could not stand up to hearing a contrary opinion .
In a celebrated case from 1886 , the great agnostic orator Robert Green Ingersoll defended an American freethinker , Charles B. Reynolds , charged with violating New Jersey ’s blasphemy laws .
Nor are blasphemy laws mere antiquated relics of the past .
Unbelievably , these laws are still being invoked today to stifle speech and expression which religious groups disagree with or are offended by .
For example , in 2002 an Austrian artist named Gerhard Haderer published a book entitled The Life of Jesus , a satirical depiction of the career of its title character .
The book sold well and was translated into several languages , including Greek .
Greece , however , still has blasphemy laws ; and as soon as it went on sale there , the powerful Greek Orthodox church had the author charged under them .
Although Haderer wrote the book in Austria and had not even known it was being published in Greece , due to the European Union ’s extradition laws he was compelled to travel there to stand trial .
At the first round of his trial , he was found guilty and sentenced to a six - month suspended prison sentence , and his book was officially banned in Greece .
Fortunately , thanks to widespread outcry he was acquitted on appeal in April 2005 and the ban lifted .
However , the Greek blasphemy law itself does not seem to have been overturned , leaving open the possibility of similar abuses in the future .
In a similar case from March 2005 , a group of Catholic bishops used a French blasphemy law to force the banning of a fashion ad that parodied Leonardo da Vinci ’s painting of the Last Supper .
And of course , Islamic nations still have barbaric blasphemy laws : the arrest and near execution of Dr. Younus Shaikh for allegedly violating Pakistan ’s is one recent example .
“ It would be a mistake to think that you need to listen to apostates or to read their writings to refute their arguments .
Their twisted , poisonous reasoning can cause spiritual harm and can contaminate your faith like rapidly spreading gangrene . ”
— excerpt from The Watchtower , 15 February 2004 , p.28
Although concepts such as banned books and blasphemy laws still linger today , as the above sections demonstrate , it is fair to say that they are nowhere near as prominent as they once were .
Thankfully , the rise of new memes such as freedom of speech has weakened these ideas greatly , at least in the Western world .
However , although Western religious institutions have largely lost their ability to forcibly silence those with whom they disagree , the concept of dangerous knowledge persists in a more subtle form .
Today , rather than external enforcement of the dangerous - knowledge meme , some churches and other religious institutions have persuaded believers to internalize this idea and make it part of their own thought processes – in effect , teaching believers to censor themselves .
An example of this is provided by the above quote , in which the Watchtower , governing body of the Jehovah ’s Witnesses , informs its members that they do not actually need to know what non-Jehovah ’s Witnesses are saying about their religion in order to know that it is not true .
It also attempts to give them incentive to avoid such writings by the none too subtle technique of linking them with undesirable , repulsive concepts – contamination , poison , gangrene – thus producing a similar instinctive reaction of repulsion when ordinary Witnesses encounter such writings that would forestall any effort to read or understand them .
Another example is the phenomenon occurring among Christian young - earth creationists which geologist Glenn Morton , himself a former member of that group , called Morton ’s Demon , in reference to the scientific thought experiment imagined by James Clerk Maxwell and dubbed “ Maxwell ’s demon ” .
The more general version of this phenomenon , which occurs in believers other than just creationists , I would propose naming the “ selective wall ” .
The selective wall is the tendency of some theists to only expose themselves to information supportive of their religious convictions , while ignoring or filtering out all other information .
Although this tendency manifests itself in many different ways , there is one guise in which the selective wall persistently recurs :
Of all the theists who claim to reject atheism for solid evidential reasons , how many have read even one book arguing for atheism written by an actual atheist ?
Although some undoubtedly have , they are very rare indeed .
In my experience , the vast majority of theists have concluded atheism was false based solely on what their pastors and apologists have told them , and have never allowed actual atheists to speak for themselves and make their own case before making up their minds .
Anti-Intellectualism
“ In that hour Jesus rejoiced in spirit , and said , I thank thee , O Father , Lord of heaven and earth , that thou hast hid these things from the wise and prudent , and hast revealed them unto babes : even so , Father ; for so it seemed good in thy sight . ”
— Luke 10:21 ( KJV ) “ For it is written , I will destroy the wisdom of the wise , and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent . ”
— 1 Corinthians 1:19 ( KJV )
“ If any man among you seemeth to be wise in this world , let him become a fool , that he may be wise .
For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God . ”
— 1 Corinthians 3:18 - 19 ( KJV )
“ Shun too great a desire for knowledge , for in it there is much fretting and delusion .
Intellectuals like to appear learned and to be called wise .
Yet there are many things the knowledge of which does little or no good to the soul , and he who concerns himself about other things than those which lead to salvation is very unwise . ”
— Thomas à Kempis , The Imitation of Christ , book 1 , chapter 2 “ We ’ve been attacked by the intelligent , educated segment of the culture . ”
— Pastor Ray Mummert , in response to an effort to prevent the teaching of “ intelligent design ” in public school science classes in Dover , Pennsylvania ; sighted on Yahoo News , 27 March 2005
Another type of thought control technique that occasionally arises in religion is anti-intellectualism : the tendency of believers to view intelligence and education with suspicion and disdain , and conversely to take pride in ignorance .
In sects where this meme is operative , the desire to understand how the world works is believed to be , at best , unfruitful and pointless , and at worst , a fatal distraction from the path of salvation that inevitably leads to arrogance and rejection of God .
As the above quotes show , this tendency has a long history in Christianity , dating back to the writing of the Bible , and is still alive and well today .
The crowning expression of anti-intellectualism in the Judeo - Christian tradition is , of course , the story of humankind ’s fall from Eden in the Book of Genesis .
According to this story , humanity ’s first sin , the one that led to our expulsion from Paradise and our condemnation to lives of toil and suffering , was the desire for knowledge .
The message could hardly be less subtle : we should not seek to understand the world around us , but instead should be content to believe whatever God has told us and remain ignorant otherwise .
Although written much later than the original text of Genesis , John Milton ’s epic Paradise Lost makes the same point , placing it in the mouth of the angel Raphael as advice to Adam and Eve : “ Be lowly wise ; / Think only what concerns thee and thy being ; / Dream not to other worlds , what creatures there / Live , in what state , condition , or degree / Contented that thus far hath been revealed ” .
A similar expression of anti-intellectual sentiment can be found in the New Testament book of 1 Corinthians .
According to the argument developed in this book , the belief that humanity can be redeemed through the crucifixion of Jesus Christ sounds foolish to non-Christians , but Christians understand it to be the only route to salvation .
This claim is then developed into an extended argument about how it pleased God to save believers through a belief that the rest of humanity finds absurd , and how God will ultimately confound and destroy the “ wisdom of the world ” .
Again , the clear and consistent message of this scripture is that attempting to understand the world is a sin of pride and will ultimately lead to disaster and condemnation , while remaining “ foolish ” is a desirable thing since it will prevent one ’s mind from being clouded by excessive education .
Why would such a strain of anti-intellectual fervor develop in any religion ?
The answer may lie in this article from the website Common Dreams , which recounts an overheard conversation between two young Christians on the subject of higher education .
In it , one warned another to be careful , because getting “ too much education ” could result in becoming , horror of horrors , a liberal .
( The master ’s degree was identified as the specific threshold of danger , for the curious . )
The particular field of study apparently did not matter ; even faculty at Christian colleges , it seemed , might unintentionally lead students astray .
The implicit message of this conversation – that the beliefs and values these young people had been taught could not survive excessive exposure to the real world – apparently did not occur to either of them .
Nor were their concerns unfounded .
The conclusion that fundamentalist religious beliefs and higher education are mutually exclusive is borne out by the evidence .
A January 12 , 2004 survey by the Barna Research Group , a Christian polling firm , found that a “ biblical worldview ” , defined as one that includes six tenets of fundamentalist Christianity , was frequency - dependent upon , among other things , the respondent ’s education level .
Pastors who were seminary graduates were significantly less likely to hold this view than those that were not .
A similar conclusion was reached by a 2001 Harvard University study by Bruce Sacerdote and Edward Glaeser titled “ Education and Religion ” ( available for download here ) .
This study found that , in general , increased education causes individuals to “ sort into less fervent religions ” and “ decrease [s ] belief in the returns to religious activity ” .
The study found a strong negative correlation between higher education and beliefs that miracles occur , that heaven and hell exist , that the Devil is an actual being and that the Bible is literally true .
More educated people were significantly less likely to believe all these things .
We now have a clear view of the reason why anti-intellectual memes cluster in the fundamentalist sects of many religions .
Simply stated , they arose as a defense mechanism for belief systems that cannot survive exposure to the real world .
Many religions , in particular the literal , fundamentalist versions of those religions , teach doctrines that are so flatly incompatible with the facts of the world and of human nature that they will often collapse when contrasted against alternative ways of thinking that better explain and accommodate those facts .
To prevent this from happening , memes arise in these sects that teach followers not just that they should avoid education themselves , but also that they should scorn it in others .
By teaching their believers in advance that intelligent , educated people will reject their doctrines , these religions not only prevent their followers from being surprised when this inevitably happens , but teach them to see it as a vindication .
This is not to say that all Christians or all theists are opposed to understanding the world .
Many major religious traditions have produced great scientists and philosophers who have done much to increase humanity ’s store of knowledge and our own appreciation of the powers of the mind , and these efforts deserve respect and admiration .
On the other hand , it would be equally foolish to deny that there is a virulent strain of anti-intellectualism lurking around the edges of many major religions .
Not all the members of a given religion subscribe to it , just as not all members of a given faith subscribe to the idea that certain books should be banned or “ blasphemous ” statements outlawed .
Nevertheless , that sentiment is there and can be strong .
Conversion by Indoctrination
“ Most of the intelligent men in Turkey are followers of Mahomet .
They were rocked in the cradle of the Koran , they received their religious opinions as they did their features – from their parents … .
The same may be said of the Christians of our country .
Their belief is the result , not of thought , of investigation , but of surroundings . ”
— Robert Green Ingersoll , “ Which Way ? ”
Although many religions work actively to make new converts , the conversion process rarely , if ever , takes the form of a reasoned argument for the truth of that religion backed up with facts and evidence .
Instead , conversion usually happens in one of two ways : either by presenting the beliefs of that religion as truth to children too young to ask questions , or by placing adults in a highly emotionally charged atmosphere in an attempt to cause an emotional reaction that overwhelms reason .
In this way , religion attempts to defeat opposing arguments not by showing them to be false , but by sidestepping them entirely .
Consider how religions target children for indoctrination .
Young children are highly prone to unquestioning acceptance of whatever authority figures , especially their parents , tell them .
Religious parents , of course , are taught that it is their duty to bring up their children in the same belief system they were raised under , and most do .
Most commonly this is done by sending them to Sunday schools or other religious education organizations that present their beliefs to children as unquestioned truth , but there are also homeschooling programs that virtually ensure their total lack of exposure to any other belief system .
In addition , there are groups such as the Child Evangelism Fellowship that specifically and unashamedly proclaim their mission to be the proselytizing of children , both in public elementary schools and elsewhere .
The techniques used to make converts among adults are somewhat different , but operate under the same basic principle : get the prospective convert into an environment where all other viewpoints are shut out and intense peer pressure can be brought to bear .
The first step is usually to draw an outsider into the group by inviting them to take part in group activities – attending church , Bible studies , religious retreats , and so on – that surround them with people who already believe .
All the while , they are provided with constant encouragement and acceptance , exerting a strong if subtle peer pressure and drawing them deeper in .
The claimed benefits of the religious system , including purpose on Earth , approval from God , and a blissful afterlife are constantly mentioned and reinforced .
Often this is done with several potential converts at once ; if one decides to convert , their decision is highly praised and dramatically displayed , putting enormous additional pressure on those who are still holding out .
Among all people there is a spectrum of vulnerability to these tactics , but in this way those who are more susceptible to joining can be used as a lever against those who are more resistant .
People who are lonely , bereaved , or otherwise emotionally or psychologically vulnerable are particularly susceptible to such tactics .
Finally , the defenses of even the most resistant can often be broken down through intense revival - type meetings that foster a highly charged atmosphere of contagious emotion through dancing , singing , clapping , and other activities carried out in unison .
It is extremely difficult to resist the urge to go along with the group in such situations , and once a person feels compelled to go along with these activities , a corresponding shift in mental state inevitably follows , accompanied by a “ rush ” of emotion as the individual is submerged into the group .
The group ’s teachings lead the new convert to interpret this experience as an indication of the presence of God , and even once the intense emotion fades , they often remain converted later .
To do otherwise would be to admit that an experience that moved them so powerfully at the time was not genuine , and since most people are subconsciously unwilling to admit they can be deceived , they will not do this and will instead convince themselves that their experience was real .
This is essentially the same technique used by many advertisers : rather than present data showing their product to be objectively superior , they show the product in settings designed to provoke a positive emotional reaction in the viewer and associate the product with that emotion .
For example , car commercials often show the car being advertised driving through exotic wilderness settings to stimulate the viewer ’s sense of adventure , even though the vast majority of owners of that model of vehicle will never take it to such a place .
Other products are shown being used in lavish and glamorous settings or by celebrities to appeal to the desire for wealth and fame .
And of course , sex appeal has been used to advertise virtually every product that exists .
Religion works very much in the same way ; it merely appeals to somewhat different emotions .
The overall point is that there is an indoctrinating superstructure built up around most religions that encourages people to believe because of culture , because of family , because of peer pressure , because of community , because of tradition – in short , for every reason except the one that really matters : because the facts support it .
Most believers are taught that their religion is true before they are taught any reasons to believe this , if they ever are .
And very few , if any , people convert as the end result of a detailed course of study of comparative religion .
Instead , most make the decision to believe first – either as a result of youthful indoctrination or a highly emotional conversion experience – and then search for reasons to justify their decision .
This does not automatically invalidate their arguments , but it does mean we are justified in regarding them with deeper suspicion as an exercise in after - the - fact rationalization .
Faith Takes Precedence Over Evidence
“ The Bible is preserved , reliable , and true because of the nature of its Author .
It should be believed over observation and evidence . ”
— Kurt Wise , Faith , Form , and Time , p.26 .
Broadman & Holman Publishers , Nashville , TN , 2002 .
“ Should a conflict arise between the witness of the Holy Spirit to the fundamental truth of the Christian faith and beliefs based on argument and evidence , then it is the former which must take precedence over the latter , not vice versa . ”
— William Lane Craig , Reasonable Faith : Christian Truth and Apologetics , p. 36 .
Crossway Books , Wheaton , IL , 1994 ( revised edition ) .
“ If the conclusions contradict the Word of God , the conclusions are wrong , no matter how many scientific facts may appear to back them . ”
— Tom Porch and Brad Batdorf , Biology for Christian Schools ( 3rd edition ) .
BJU Press , 2004 .
Available online at BJU Press .
“ By definition , no apparent , perceived or claimed evidence in any field , including history and chronology , can be valid if it contradicts the Scriptural record . ”
— From Answers in Genesis ’ “ Statement of Faith ” ( available online at http://www.answersingenesis.org/home/area/about/faith.asp)
“ To be right in everything , we ought always to hold that the white which I see , is black , if the Hierarchical Church so
decides it … ”
— Ignatius of Loyola , “ Spiritual Exercises ” ( available online at http://www.ccel.org/ccel/ignatius/exercises.html)
“ After ten years ( in prison in Siberia ) , [ Dostoevsky ] emerged from exile with unshakable Christian convictions , as expressed in one famous passage , ‘ If anyone proved to me that Christ was outside the truth … then I would prefer to remain with Christ than with the truth . ' ”
— Philip Yancey , The Jesus I Never Knew , p. 141 . Zondervan Books , Grand Rapids , Michigan , 1995 .
The last , most pernicious and most powerful meme used by religions to control the thoughts of their followers is the belief that a person ’s faith takes priority over the facts of the external world when it comes to deciding what is true .
This belief lies at the heart of most religions and could justifiably be considered the defining characteristic that sets them apart from all other systems of thought .
And although not all religious individuals or groups would state this as plainly as the above quotes illuminate , it is present nevertheless .
Consider the message that these statements convey .
The first three , from Christian apologists Kurt Wise and William Lane Craig and a biology textbook used in some Christian schools , state that the authors ’ version of Christianity should be believed over any evidence a believer might see or any arguments they might hear – in short , that facts , reason and logic are ultimately unimportant when it comes to deciding what is true .
The fourth quote , from the creationist organization Answers in Genesis , declares that any evidence that contradicts their interpretation of the Bible is by definition invalid – as if the very concept of truth , in these creationists ’ minds , was redefined to read , “ Truth , noun : See ‘ Bible ' ” .
And the last two excerpts go even farther : the quote from Ignatius of Loyola instructs believers to disregard even the evidence of their own eyes if it contradicts what they have been taught to believe , while the one from Dostoevsky states that he would not give up his religious beliefs even if they could be shown to be false .
This message is cleverly reinforced in the Bible and other holy books by stories such as Abraham ’s near sacrifice of Isaac , Daniel in the lion ’s den , or David and Goliath – all of which convey the message that the impossible can and will happen if only one keeps the faith and does not doubt God .
What all these statements and parables have in common is the unstated theme that it is somehow virtuous or praiseworthy to believe something that is not supported by the evidence .
Why this should be so is inevitably never explained .
What truly deserves praise and credit is a person willing to put their ideas to the test and accept the results whatever they may be – not a person coming up with an idea , proclaiming it out of bounds for investigation , and declaring that being a morally good person requires believing it blindly without doubt or question .
There is nothing virtuous about this , and most religions would probably agree with that conclusion , at least in the abstract .
And yet many religions and religious people , no matter how much they claim to approve of questioning and investigation , will rapidly shift their view to one of disapproval and condemnation when it becomes clear that such an investigation is not being carried out with the sole aim of supporting a predetermined conclusion about the infallibility of the belief system being investigated .
Statements like the ones above are illustrations of what happens when a supposedly free and open investigation carried out by a believer runs up against the limits of what the authorities have declared their followers may not conclude .
Of course , beliefs of this sort must be properly compartmentalized in the believer ’s mind .
It would not do to have one ’s followers wandering around believing that any proposition they had faith in was necessarily true – such a solipsistic belief system would not last long in the real world .
( Its followers would fare very poorly against used - car salespeople , for one thing . )
Instead , each religion teaches its followers that their faith only overrides evidence when it comes to matters having to do with that religion .
Thus , believers can function normally in daily life and be perfectly rational in every other respect ; they can even analyze other faiths and discern the logical problems with them .
But when defending their own beliefs , they automatically switch to a different mode of thinking , one where all manner of impossibilities are accepted as fact and evidence is acknowledged only where it supports them , and dismissed otherwise .
As extraordinary as this way of thinking may sound , it has its roots in basic human nature .
Most people do not want to lose the comforting , familiar notions that they have grown used to and that they rely on to chart a course through life .
That is a natural and understandable human tendency .
We tend to resist upsetting discoveries and evidence that is incompatible with our worldview ; we would much prefer to reject an inconvenient fact rather than rewrite the core beliefs it threatens .
That , too , is human nature .
It is no coincidence that the faith - supersedes - evidence meme has found such fertile ground in which to flourish : although religions have learned to exploit it for maximum effect , it has always been a deeper part of the cognitive structure of our minds .
But just because some tendency is part of human nature does not always mean we should obey it .
To form a functional and moral society , some of our instincts should be encouraged , while others need to be kept in check .
Unfortunately , this tendency of belief protection which is promoted by religion falls into the latter category .
Faith alone is no guarantee against error : no matter how strongly a person believes something , no matter how great their inward conviction , they can still be mistaken or outright wrong .
The only way to guard against the possibility of error is by testing an idea against the real world , the ultimate arbiter of truth , without preconceptions as to what the result will be .
But for this to be possible , an idea must be testable , i.e. , there must be some way to show by experiment that it is true , and more importantly , some way to show that it is false .
Anyone can have faith in an idea crafted to be impossible to prove false , but there is nothing impressive or praiseworthy about that .
What should be considered impressive is a person taking a stand for a belief that they freely admit they would give up if presented with the right evidence .
It takes courage to be willing to be wrong .
Most people , however , do not do this .
Instead , with the encouragement of religious authorities , they craft their beliefs to be as unfalsifiable as possible , and often studiously avoid investigating contrary arguments or alternative belief systems .
Most religious people believe not because they have critically examined their religion , but because they have not done so ; and again , the authorities have encouraged them to consider such an examination irrelevant .
Still , the majority of religious ideas are not completely beyond the reach of pesky evidence .
After all , providing comfort and reassurance is one of the main functions of religion , and in order to obtain this most believers need a god that acts in history , that does things .
A completely unfalsifiable god would have to be too remote and uninvolved with the affairs of the world for belief in him to provide much comfort .
Therefore , despite the best efforts of their founders and followers , the vast majority of religions make claims that are at least partially vulnerable to falsification .
In order to provide additional belief protection , these memes have evolved that teach theists to give preeminence to their beliefs over any evidence that might disprove them .
One of the most flagrant examples of this meme in action is the religious maxim “ Thou shalt not put God to the test ” ( as is stated by religious texts such as Matthew 4:7 in the Christian Bible ) .
The essence of this saying is that , while God may sometimes help us in our time of need , he will not reliably do so , nor do we have any right to expect him to do otherwise .
Such a rationale is commonly invoked to explain why , for example , double - blind scientific studies have repeatedly found that intercessory prayer makes no measurable difference in the recovery rate of the severely ill – “ God does not perform on command , ” the apologists say , and we cannot expect nor predict when he will choose to intervene .
But consider what this is really saying .
Imagine if you had a friend who said that sometimes , when you need his help , he will help you , but sometimes he will not .
Furthermore , when he chooses not to , he will not tell you why ; and if you become upset at this reticence , he views it as a personal insult , claiming that you should not have the arrogance to try to put him to the test , and if you really valued his friendship you would not do such a thing , but would accept his help when he chooses to intervene and trust that he has his reasons when he does not .
Would we stand for this sort of bizarre and capricious behavior from any human being ?
Of course not .
Why , then , do believers tolerate and even expect it when they are told God acts in the same way ?
It is because the faith - overrides - evidence meme found in many religions has conditioned them not to expect any tangible proof of their beliefs .
The Vaccine
“ Basing your life on reason alone is to me very limiting .
You can only reason with the knowledge you have . ”
— excerpt from a feedback e-mail sent to this site
Although the opening section of this essay referred to “ the ” memetic virus , there is actually not one , but many .
Each religion in the world today can be viewed as a distinct strain of a particular type of meme complex .
They all have unique characteristics : some of these are relatively slow - spreading , while others leap rapidly from mind to mind ; some are benign , encouraging humans to live ethically and be at peace with each other , while others are malignant , giving rise to terrorists , suicide bombers , zealots and theocrats .
It is an open question whether all these strains ultimately descend from a single common source , or whether they arose independently through the fusion and mutation of memes emerging from the medium of human culture .
However , what is certain in either case is that most , if not all , of them rely on the same techniques to gain and keep their followers ’ allegiance and devotion .
One of the most effective of these techniques is the doctrine of dangerous knowledge , which prevents members of a given religion from being exposed to outside information that they might use to form a viewpoint contrary to what their religion teaches .
This doctrine may either be internalized , in which believers are encouraged to censor themselves , or externalized , in which church authorities explicitly act as the gatekeepers of what information their flock is or is not allowed to see .
Accompanying this idea is the doctrine of anti-intellectualism , providing believers with a reason to mistrust the word of any educated person who does not belong to that religion .
To provide further incentive to believe , conversion typically takes place through indoctrination , in an environment where opposing viewpoints can be shut out and doubts can be effectively silenced through the word of authorities or by creating a highly emotional atmosphere .
Finally , the teaching that faith takes precedence over evidence is used to stifle any remaining objections by disseminating the idea that mere belief is superior to the facts of the world .
This idea is often reinforced by teachings that unquestioning faith is a virtue and that it is a sin to put God to the test .
But why , one might ask , is all this necessary ?
Truth can not contradict truth .
Any idea that is true should have nothing to fear from even the most searching critical analysis , because if it is correct , the evidence will inevitably bear out that conclusion .
Therefore , we might expect that any religion confident of its own truth would instruct its followers to question and test it at every opportunity .
But almost none actually do this .
Instead , the authorities of each religion tell their followers that they must always believe , no matter what reason tells them , no matter what they see or hear .
It seems very much like an admission .
What is the purpose of all this ?
Why do many religions go to such laborious lengths to shield their followers from reason , why in fact do they build their entire structures around accomplishing this goal ?
The answer lies in faith ’s uneasy relationship with reason , as is best exemplified by our own history .
To a person who lives their life by reason , ideas are accepted as true because they fit the evidence and pass the tests – not because they have the most eloquent orators , the most ancient and venerable writings , or the most creatively sadistic supporters .
As simple as it seems , this is a radical departure from all the worldviews that preceded it .
For the vast majority of our civilized existence , human beings were a faith - based species , and it did us no good .
Millennia of religious belief , although it gave rise to kings and tyrants and inquisitions beyond counting , did not produce one iota of real , measurable progress , nor one bit of genuine insight into the way the world truly works .
But there has always been another way .
Throughout human history , there have been thinkers who advanced the radical idea that we should live by investigating , by asking the questions and letting the world tell us the answers , rather than deciding on the answers in advance and forcing the world to conform .
On most occasions , these bright sparks were stamped out , often by the dark ages of faith , before reaching critical mass ; however , even these brief flare - ups of reason were often enough to shed some light on the true underlying workings of the universe .
But after long centuries of struggle , there was at last a turning point – commonly identified with the period of the Enlightenment in Europe – in which the idea of rational study of the world finally took hold .
The flowering of this meme , known in its institutionalized form as the scientific method , gave rise to the most rapid and dramatic improvement in the human condition ever known , and today the pace of progress continues to accelerate .
Simply stated , reason is a better way of understanding the world .
However , although the benefits of the reality - based worldview are undeniable , they came – at least from the religious viewpoint – at a price .
A worldview that teaches that any conclusion can be questioned is a threat to worldviews that depend on an absence of such questioning in order to survive .
When religion reaches people first , it can often teach them to compartmentalize , as described earlier , thus blunting the effect of any critical thinking principles they may subsequently learn .
( Many of the great scientists of the Enlightenment were religious themselves ; but although they made enormous contributions to our understanding of the world , most did not view their belief in God as a hypothesis equally eligible for testing and potential refutation . )
However , it is safe to say that this is an uneasy coexistence at best .
The habit of critical thinking , once in place , has a tendency to spread , and worldviews that are not based on evidence do not hold up well when people begin to ask questions , especially questions of the “ How do you know that ? ” variety .
Were more people to start thinking in this way – investigating alternative viewpoints , seeking out contrary opinions – the power and popularity of religion would very likely be drastically reduced .
This is the answer to the question posed earlier : religion is so opposed to reason , has gone to such lengths to keep it contained and suppressed , because reason is the vaccine .
It is the inoculation that primes one ’s mental “ immune system ” to respond to and reject memes that encourage us to believe without evidence .
And since there is no good evidence of any gods that are or have ever been active in the world , religion has no choice but to teach that people should instead believe on the basis of faith .
Any competing meme that strikes at the foundation of this worldview is therefore considered a potentially deadly threat , and mechanisms have accordingly been devised to suppress it – though not to reject it entirely , because its usefulness and power are too great to be denied .
Instead , religions often teach that relying only on reason is an artificial and unnecessary limitation – that it has its uses but that there are other ways of knowing , equally valid , that should not be neglected .
The quote given above , an excerpt from a feedback e-mail sent by a theist visitor to this site , sums up this sentiment .
Naturally , this person did not explain what they felt the alternative was .
If not reason , then what ?
Should we believe whatever we have been taught , without ever inquiring how the teachers came by this knowledge ?
Should we decide what we want to be true the most and then believe that ?
These methods would fail disastrously and lead to epistemic chaos .
Is basing one ’s life on reason a limitation ?
By definition , yes , but it is a limitation only in the same way that guard rails on highways are a limitation .
The only freedom we gain by removing them is the freedom to drive over the edge .
Contrary to what some may think , it is not overly restrictive to only believe what is true .
Although many religious apologists openly admit that they would not change their beliefs for any evidence , they seem to expect other people to be more reasonable than they themselves are .
When proselytizers produce evidence and arguments for their faith , they apparently expect other people to give them a fair hearing , although they are usually not willing to extend their listeners the same courtesy in return .
By contrast , I have never heard an atheist say , “ If a conflict should arise between the truth of atheism and beliefs based on arguments and evidence , the former should take precedence over the latter . ”
Although there may be such dogmatic atheists , I have yet to encounter one .
In fact , many atheists have explicitly said what it would take to convert them ( see “ The Theist ’s Guide to Converting Atheists ” for one such list ) .
The apologists ’ unwillingness to produce a similar list strongly suggests that they are aware that any reasonable criteria they proposed could be met .
It is no surprise that they state that their beliefs are not founded on evidence and cannot be changed by evidence .
Homo sapiens has always been a race of believers .
Humankind invented religion before we invented writing .
While some would doubtless say that the universality of theistic belief testifies to an external source of inspiration , the vast differences in the specifics of belief across many cultures suggest that the human will to believe , coupled with imagination , is the more likely cause .
Religiosity is a basic tendency of human nature , and the institutions that have sprung from it are long - lasting and immensely powerful .
This does not mean that it is futile for atheists and freethinkers to stand against it ; it simply means we must recognize the magnitude of the task .
When people consider their beliefs to be sacrosanct , with no room for doubt or compromise , there is no way to resolve disagreements except through the sword , and it is therefore no surprise that religious conflict has led to war , persecution and intolerance throughout history .
But now more than ever , when our power to destroy is greater than it has ever been , it is all the more crucial that we rely on reason to guide our actions , rather than blind faith .
This , then , should be the goal : not eliminating religion , but illuminating the tactics by which it commands obedience and discourages doubt , so that people can recognize these and reject them .
It is more important that we all make up our own minds , use reason to guide us , and do not passively rely on faith or authority than that we all be atheists .
Rather than keep our thoughts in captivity , we should set them free to explore wherever they wish – to seek out different viewpoints , to question fearlessly , and most importantly , to expose all ideas to the fire of testing .
The ones worth being kept will survive .
Humanity has a vast potential to accomplish things as yet undreamed - of , but blind faith will never take us there .
If we are to thread the needle of the dangers that beset us and enter into a future where we can realize this potential , this is the way we must learn to live .
Bank of America Corp. is raising interest rates on as many as four million U.S. credit - card customers who carry a balance , becoming the latest bank to crack down on people who do n't pay off their bill every month .
Starting with June account statements , any credit - card customer who carries a balance and has an interest rate below 10 % will see his or her rate jump into double - digit territory .
A company spokeswoman declined to provide an exact number , saying the changes would affect less than 10 % of the bank 's card customers ...
gratis WLAN hotspots in wien
gratis WLAN hotspots in wien
→
Scientists Use Tiny Organisms to Create Fuel , Viruses to Make Batteries
For millenniums , microbes have been a staunch technological ally .
They have leavened our bread and cured our cheeses .
Now , engineers are asking them to convert carbon dioxide into fuel and to build a new generation of batteries .
Some of the smallest life forms with which we share the planet are helping us cope with the energy challenges of the 21st century .
Forget about the so - called hydrogen economy for a moment .
The much - discussed plan to use hydrogen as a major power source has serious problems , such as how to deliver the fuel to consumers .
Bruce Logan at Penn State says methane could be a much more appealing candidate .
Through the study of how microbes produce methane in swamps , bogs , and landfills , he and his colleagues believe they have found a perfect source for the gas .
They found certain microbes that use electricity to convert CO2 and water into methane .
These hydrolysis cells convert electrical energy into energy stored in methane with 80 percent efficiency .
Technical details of this research appeared in the journal Environmental Science and Technology , and Professor Logan emphasized the potential environmental benefits in a separate statement .
No extra carbon has to be added to make methane , he writes .
When the gas is burned for fuel , it only lets off as much CO2 as originally went in , saving utilities from pumping more greenhouse gases into the environment .
Furthermore , if the electricity used in the process comes from solar or wind power , the entire fuel cycle would not add any extra CO2 to the environment .
“ The process does not sequester carbon , but it does turn carbon dioxide into fuel , ” Logan explains .
“ If the methane is burned and carbon dioxide captured , then the process can be carbon neutral . ”
At the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Angela Belcher and colleagues are adopting viruses as engineering partners .
With a little genetic tweaking , they have enabled what ’s called an M13 virus to self - construct a wiring network for an improved lithium - ion battery .
The technical details published in the April 2 online edition of Science described virus - produced batteries that MIT says “ have the same energy capacity and power performance as state - of - the - art rechargeable batteries being considered to power plug - in hybrid cars . ”
The MIT announcement explains that the viruses “ first coat themselves with iron phosphate , then grab hold of carbon nanotubes to create a network of highly conducting material . ”
The batteries ca n’t be recharged as many times as regular lithium - ion cells .
However , Dr. Belcher says that , as development progresses , “ we expect them to be able to go much longer . ”
The term “ virus ” often has a negative connotation .
Yet they are part of the biology of our planet .
The viruses used in this work are harmless to humans , according to the MIT announcement .
As engineers face this century ’s technical challenges , we can expect to see more knowledge from biology joining traditional , physical know - how in their tool kit .
Via abc News
ROCHESTER , Pa. --
On the first Friday of Lent , an elderly female parishioner of St. Cecilia Catholic Church began unwrapping pies at the church .
That 's when the trouble started .
A state inspector , there for an annual checkup on the church 's kitchen , spied the desserts .
After it was determined that the pies were home - baked , the inspector decreed they could n't be sold .
" Everyone ...
( CNN ) -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger may reprise his classic " Terminator " role in the fourth installment of the film franchise .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger may " be back " in the next Terminator film .
" Terminator Salvation " would n't have the former movie star getting into makeup again .
The special effects wizards at Industrial Light and Magic are trying to insert Schwarzenegger 's image from the 1984 original .
" I made it very clear that I do n't have the time to do the movie , " he said during an " Ask the Governor " Webcast on Tuesday .
" I said that I would be willing to be in the movie if they get the technology together , and so they are working on that right now . "
Schwarzenegger said , in the scene , the main character would encounter him as a " future Terminator . "
The new film is a prequel to the popular series .
" I think it 's cool to continue on with the franchise , " he said .
" Terminator Salvation , " featuring Christian Bale , hits the theaters on May 21 .
All About Arnold Schwarzenegger
Tomorrow 's April 15th , America , so this is a polite reminder for everyone out there to file your taxes .
APRIL FOOL'S !
Paying taxes , that 's for old people !
You do n't want to be old do you ?
Nope , so throw those IRS forms in the john and GO GALT at your local neighborhood Tax Day Tea Party instead !
What these folks are all mad about is Barack Obama 's socialism and communism : increased debt , spending , and most importantly , taxes .
Taxes .
Barack Obama loves them .
Just look what he 's done with taxes already : lowered them for all but the top 5 percent of American earners , and kept them stable for that top 5 percent until 2011 , when the top marginal income tax rate will rise from 35 percent to 39.6 percent -- about 10 percent less than it was during most of Ronald Reagan 's two terms .
Check out this poor local lady 's case , for example .
Her small locality raised its local taxes recently .
What 's to stop Barack Obama from raising them again ?
Johanna Ashworth , 26 , plans to show up to both .
She and her husband left upstate New York in August for Centreville , mainly for “ lower taxes and higher income , ” but quickly ran into local tax increase proposals .
Ashworth , who lives in Centreville and is studying for the Law School Admission Test , worried tax policies under Barack Obama would punish her for pursuing her lifelong dream of becoming a lawyer .
It 's true , Johanna .
Barack Obama hates you .
He wants to punish you .
He thinks you 're awful , and he wants to punish you .
If you become a lawyer , he will seize all of your money , just because he hates you .
And so Barack Obama must be teabagged .
The biggest D.C. protest tomorrow will be outside the U.S. Treasury , and another will be in Lafayette Park .
In Maryland , the biggest will be in Annapolis and Baltimore 's Inner Harbor .
But smaller protests are likely to be found anywhere .
Here 's a news clip of some ladies planning one in Westminster , and let 's just say that they 're furious about those middle - class tax cuts Barack Obama gave them .
Jim Newell writes for Wonkette and IvyGate .
Subject : [ ANN ] Released 1.0.0 yoda
From : Ryan Davis < ryand - ruby@ n i r o
Date : Thu , 23 Apr 2009 13:31:37 +0900
released yoda version 1.0.0 has been !
* < http://rubyforge.org/seattlerb>
Spec yoda will , and spec you shall too .
require ' yoda ' class Bowling def hit ( pins ) end def score 0 end end Bowling .
yoda { " score 0 for gutter game " .
it_will { bowling = Bowling.new 20.times { bowling .hit ( 0 ) } bowling .
score 1.it_is ? bowling.score 42.it_is_not ! } } Changes : ### 1.0.0 / 2009-04-22 * 1 major enhancement * Birthday !
* < http://rubyforge.org/seattlerb>
Promotional film made for the City of Detroit , an unsuccessful bidder for the Olympic Games .
With views of city highways , automobile manufacturing , a diverse population , and social activities , all shot prior to the city 's economic decline .
worth noting : Nice nighttime aerial shots of Detroit in the beginning .
¥ 3:08:72 - 3:17:45
Aerial view of complex highway system ( comprised largely of overpasses and underpasses ) .
Cars occupy every part of the system .
¥ 5:22:52 - 5:45:47
Camera starts with view of a downtown street where a bus and some cars go by .
It then pans up a tall , wide office building Ña hideous early sixties structure .
Cut to a frontal view of the building .
¥ 5:46:04 - 5:56:38
Excellent pan of a " modern , " urban school situated near large office buildings .
Children walk by the single level structure .
¥ 6:10:81 - 6:27:49
Driving POV through several affluent Detroit residential neighborhoods .
¥ 10:10:79 - 10:18:20
Pan of Wayne State University's ( ? ) enormous , brown hospital and the road beside it .
It looks like a prison .
¥ 10:59:98 - 11:14:50
Montage of crowds walking on downtown side walks .
Mostly white people but some African - Americans .
¥ 13:01:59 - 13:11:34
Aerial pan of " Detroit industry " Ñbillowing smoke pollutes the air .
This looks like an enormous industrial plant of some kind .
It lies by the river .
¥ 13:12:42 - 13:45:35
Montage of Detroit 's industry .
Start with an image of a parking lot outside of an auto plant , cut to excellent image of cars going towards the Chrysler plant ( there 's a huge CHRYSLER sign ) , cut to a view of the General Motors building ( nice sign on the top of the building ) , cut to quick pan of an industrial plant , cut to several images of slicker , cleaner industrial buildings , cut to several shots of industrial warehouses , and finally cut to the Ford building .
¥ 14:06:22 - 14:26:59
A car passes a sign for the Metropolitan Beach .
Cut to an image of the beach , and then to an several overviews of many people on it .
¥ 14:27:71 - 14:35:11
Nice view ( from behind the front seat of a convertible where three people sit ) of the entrance for the Detroit Zoo .
We approach the large entrance where there are information booths .
¥ 14:55:73 - 15:03:65
Excellent image of crowds of children playing in a public swimming pool .
The camera pulls back to offer a wider view ÑAfrican - American children cluster together towards the front of the poll .
DETROIT MICHIGAN CITIES DOWNTOWNS URBANIZATION URBAN PROBLEMS ECONOMICS MIDWEST GREAT LAKES INDUSTRY
< BR >
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : Seto-Kaiba_Is_Stupid - - October 14 , 2013
Subject : blank blank / review deleted - October 14 , 2013blank
Reviewer : ILoveDetroittt - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 6 , 2013
Subject : Beautiful Musical Score !
I must say , I absolutely love and adore the City of Detroit ; especially 40s , 50s , and 60s era Detroit .
Seeing this film could honestly make me tear up because there was once a day , not so long ago , where the Motor City was still rolling .
Great video .
I love the background music !
Especially from 1:49 - 6:15 .
It was composed by Samuel Benavie .
Absolutely love his work ... - April 6 , 2013 Beautiful Musical Score !
Reviewer : JayKay49 - favorite favorite favorite - March 11 , 2013
Subject : Detroit ?
Difficult to recognize .
- March 11 , 2013 Detroit ?
Reviewer : Milcron - favorite favorite favorite - December 26 , 2011
Subject : Interesting flick
Sort of ironic that this was made just as Detroit was ready to start its downslide .
Seems as if the producers were completely unaware of the threat from Japan .
- December 26 , 2011 Interesting flick
Reviewer : JSBejma - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 27 , 2011
Subject : Big City Safe City 1965
That year at the age of 13 1/2 I began taking 3 city buses ( not school busses ) each way to a magnet ( public ) high school downtown with 37 curriculae .... in the red light district , no less ; across from the Masonic Temple and after school hung out downtown having ciggies and coffee with my friends and walked though the largest department store in the world to get my bus home .
I think once , somebody got roughed up for their bus fare .
But heck , I cant think of a city that size you could do that today except maybe somewhere in Europe or Canada - or maybe Singapore .
There are some interesting factoids in this film including the highest per capita income of any large American city ... and those true statements about its incredible economic history prior to 1970 .
What has happened to that city was obviously an " outside " job by the likes of which I think some people in this country are starting to become familiar with .
And for the record , all prior events considered ..... it was Hizzoner 's " special " case of bussing to be conducted ONLY within the city limits that drove the productive people out for good .
And the racist went to Washington personally and insisted on having it that way .
I never have and never will forgive black so - called " leadership " for what they did to that city .
Biggest scene of destruction I 've ever seen .
- November 27 , 2011 Big City Safe City 1965
Reviewer : micah6vs8 - - February 7 , 2011
Subject : A Dying City
http://www.archive.org/details/iraq_middleeast
Whenever one party has entrenched control for generations , with a hefty dose of racism on all sides , you get Beirut , no , I 'm sorry , Detroit .
Oh , Brigadoon do n't get your pants in a bunch .
Are you against free speech ?
You want to see something truly awful ?
Go here , Whenever one party has entrenched control for generations , with a hefty dose of racism on all sides , you get Beirut , no , I 'm sorry , Detroit .
- February 7 , 2011A Dying City
Reviewer : Brigadoon108 - - February 7 , 2011
Subject : Response to Kerryman comments Mr. Kerryman : your racism is disgusting , ignorant , and sad .
I urge the moderators of this site to remove your comments so that other viewers of this video do n't have to read them .
- February 7 , 2011 Response to Kerryman comments
Reviewer : Mr. Kerryman - favorite favorite favorite - August 18 , 2010
Subject : Mayor Jerry's Detroit
At the time of this video , Mayor Cavanagh was preparing to hand me my diploma from high school ( he just did n't know it yet ) .
A year or two earlier , and I was able -- as a ten - year - old -- to take the bus to the Fisher Building to see the orthodontist and back home again .
No hassles , no assaults , no hoboes .
Try that today ( especially as a white man ) .
What is ironic to me is the fact that blacks rioted in Detroit ( in 1967 ) only after high - paying jobs at the car factories were becoming available .
The destruction of the city has many causes , to be sure , but until the Black community stands up and takes responsibility for fatherless families and all the social ills that attend , we 're spitting into the wind .
Sure , our neighborhood was " block busted , " and , sure , you could say that fleeing the city had only one cause -- racial .
But , who among you would n't take action to preserve family wealth if you were convincingly told that your most important asset ( your family home ) was about to become worthless ?
The steely - eyed , amoral Black social structure that rules the streets of Detroit will assure that the city wallows in misery for another hundred years .
My whole life was wrecked by the destruction of my neighborhood .
My life was almost taken by street thugs .
My family is shocked when I tell them I 'm from Detroit .
- August 18 , 2010 Mayor Jerry's Detroit
Reviewer : doowopbob - favorite - March 16 , 2010
Subject : .... And Just Who .... .... Was Responsible For The Degradation Of That City ..?.. Even Berry Gordy Took The Money & Ran ..!.. Case Closed ..! - March 16 , 2010 .... And Just Who ....
Reviewer : Nikonwilly - favorite favorite favorite - November 27 , 2009
Subject : Propaganda on the move Great example of good old American propaganda for the masses , proudly promoted by the Industrial and Corporate elite for progress , yeah right !
Their progress , their agenda , their future !
Boy , times have changed ....um.. or have they ?
- November 27 , 2009 Propaganda on the move
Reviewer : Ron Raygun - favorite favorite - August 12 , 2009
Subject : A Reputation as a " Rough Town "
The film showed some nice parts of town , and the usual propaganda from a big city mayor .
Dating back to the 1920's , the Purple Gang placed Detroit as an ugly place to live .
The Detroit Police never seemed to be able to stamp out hostile organized crime as well as a high crime rate throughout the most of the 20th Century .
It 's reputation for shootings , gang activity , murder , and other vices could never be negated by this film .
And since the film was made in 1965 , the worst was to come shortly thereafter .
People I talked to in the early ' 60's all told me that Detroit is a " rough town " , and one of the most violent cities of the period .
There is no way that producing a film like this would convince anyone for a much less convention .
And when the whites left for the suburbs and the Negroes started electing Negroes , it was all over .
Today it is a total burned out slum that I would be afraid to fly over .
- August 12 , 2009A Reputation as a " Rough Town "
Reviewer : Audioguy - favorite favorite - March 31 , 2009
Subject : Next time , get a better narrator !
No wonder Detroit did n't get the Olympics .
Maybe they should blame Jam Handy for being passed over .
After seeing this piece , I 'm sure the Olympic committee was nodding off .
While Jerome Cavanaugh was not a bad guy , narration was not his strong suit .
I do n't know if it was his idea to narrate , or if that came from Handy .
Great shots of Detroit during the mid-Sixties , though , before everything went to hell .
- March 31 , 2009
Next time , get a better narrator !
Reviewer : chaz66 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 13 , 2009
Subject : A Scribble Folly Mr. " Scribble " ,
Interestingly you mention " white history " as a culprit ...... What about " BET " television ?
Your tone and being specific to solely one side is equally as amusing and does nothing but contribute to what you criticize .
- March 13 , 2009A Scribble Folly
Reviewer : jackplant - - February 23 , 2009
Subject : A Sad State of Affairs
Too bad the glorious promise all went south after the riots .
The perpetrators forced good people out , ... Kwame Kirkpatrick is the result .
- February 23 , 2009A Sad State of Affairs
Reviewer : jazzbo13 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 22 , 2009
Subject : Funny Film
It 's a real pity that all that culture is now wasted on a populace that considers a bucket of chicken , a couple of 40's and a Snoop Dog CD " high art " .
- February 22 , 2009
Funny Film
Reviewer : Scribble - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 19 , 2008
Subject : The Folly of Urban Planning Dear Mr or Ms. Smythology
I had a quick visit to the amusing link you provided in your review ( white - history ) , it amazes me that despite the mountains of evidence provided by science to the contrary , there are still those who insist on separating humanity into self - emerged " races " rather than recognizing the fact that we all share a common ancestry , directly traceable to the African continent .
Whatever differences we have are a result of cultural development that occurred in separation , this isolation has virtually disappeared in the age of globalization , but it will take some time before we recognize our common humanity and hopefully transcend our tribal nature , sites like " white - history " do nothing to contribute to this goal that is truly central to our survival .
The film was quite good as well ... more well intentioned mis-steps that we can all learn from .
- August 19 , 2008 The Folly of Urban Planning
Reviewer : Charles_G - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 18 , 2008
Subject : " Modernity , " " Progress , " and Other Disastrous Concepts " A new renaissance is changing the face of the city .
This renaissance , seen everywhere , is the direct result of considered planning ... [ planners are ] creating a new concept of urban efficiency . "
- Detroit Mayor Jerome Cavanagh
This video provides a neat and concise overview of the catastrophically destructive city - planning of the postwar era , visited not only upon Detroit but upon almost every major American city .
This vision for planning centered around several key components : the subservience of the city to the needs of the automobile , the rejection of fine - grained urban fabric in favor of massive glass - and - concrete towers set in open areas , and above all , a worshipful attitude toward " progress " and " modernity " which entailed a complete rejection of the ideas , traditions and styles of the past .
Driving all the destruction was a quasi- totalitarian planning board salivating over the prospect of federal highway and urban renewal funds .
It is this ideology that is responsible for this 1965 video , in which the filmmakers happily focus the camera on massive highway interchanges and profoundly unattractive architecture which the Mayor tells us -- with apparent sincerity -- is " creating a new image of beauty and function . "
Notably absent are any images of Detroit 's historic , pre-war neighborhoods .
The only exception is the Disneyland - like tourist village , confirming the impression that in this " modern " Detroit , the only permissible remnants of the past will be those kept as museum pieces .
Tall new office towers are praised simply for being tall and new , as though that alone was sufficient justification for their existence .
In the new Detroit , the mayor boasts , children will be sent to " the most modern of schools , " as though the grim , dark and depressing one - story schoolhouse shown in the video will somehow help to educate Detroit 's children in a way that the distinguished neo-Gothic , Classical and Romanesque revival buildings of the pre-1945 period could not .
Also notable is the reference to the so - called slums : as the Mayor puts it , " the ugliness , the poverty and sickness of slums . "
These defects have been remedied , the Mayor assures us , by clearing the slums .
Now , certainly it should have occurred to someone in city government that a building cannot be poor , nor can a building really be sick -- these are characteristics of people , not structures .
The only remaining characteristic , ugliness , is rather subjective whether applied to people or architecture , and cannot be grounds for condemnation for a building in any event .
Yet the Major proclaims all these problems magically solved by the demolition of entire " slum " neighborhoods .
But enough .
The video is a catalogue of urban failure , delivered in a naive and optimistic tone that seems almost incredible today ( I will not even touch the racial angle , which others have talked about ) .
The damage done by the planners alone will take decades to undo .
But for now , visit the web page of Wayne State University , which appears in the video .
Their homepage features students not in front of the 1960s - era buildings from the film , but rather a handsome brick and limestone hall from the early 20th century .
Appreciation for the architecture and planning of the past , which this country so inexcusably and callously discarded in the 1950s and 1960s , has at last returned and is helping to reinvigorate inner-city neighborhoods through private renovation and reinvestment of historic structures , rather than demolition and destruction .
Meanwhile , videos like this should be required viewing for all urban planning students -- as a lesson in the dangers of hubris , and the importance of humility .
- August 18 , 2008 " Modernity , " " Progress , " and Other Disastrous Concepts
Reviewer : smythology - favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 10 , 2007
Subject :
The beginning of the end .
And Frequency , the fact that disgusting white elites decided to level certain neighborhoods barely gives reason to the dystopian state that Detroit has turned itself into .
And I 'm not ashamed to say this is only due to the steady influx of the black population .
To this day , white homes get bulldozed as well ( because of renewal programs and newly legislated zoning laws ) but I 've yet to see their response by means of rioting and violence .
This is just the icing on the cake .
You can read more about it here :
http://www.amren.com/918issue/9108issue.html
Also , here is an interesting " photographic essay " on Detroit 's ruins :
http://www.white-history.com/hwrdet.htm
This film only interested me for comparative reasons .
But it also gives me a sense of nostalgic pathos - as do most of the other historical documentaries on what American cities used to be like .
And Frequency , the fact that disgusting white elites decided to level certain neighborhoods barely gives reason to the dystopian state that Detroit has turned itself into .
And I 'm not ashamed to say this is only due to the steady influx of the black population .
To this day , white homes get bulldozed as well ( because of renewal programs and newly legislated zoning laws ) but I 've yet to see their response by means of rioting and violence .
This is just the icing on the cake .
You can read more about it here :
Also , here is an interesting " photographic essay " on Detroit 's ruins : smythology -- June 10 , 2007 The beginning of the end .
Reviewer : Paul Wicks - favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 5 , 2006
Subject : I Knew the Writer
Three years later , when the riots and National Guard response changed our perceptions of Detroit , our naiveté had gone missing .
The aguments about what percentage of the population was white or black goes nowhere until you notice that these numbers change radically in a matter of a few months .
Most of those who could afford to , moved to a nearby suburb .
It 's not that this was n't already a trend for the prior decade , but there was a ... punctuated equilibrium in 1967 .
If you 'd looked at the various populations in the Detroit metropolitan areas , you 'll see all the same people , in the same ratios , just living further apart .
By 1978 , I 'd moved back into detroit , which was still devistated and had a little further to fall , at that point .
But it was cheap , convenient , and multicultural .
I was living a somewhat tarnished version of Bob Casemore 's dream for Detroiters .
Bottom line :
This film is not so much a white - wash , as it is the hopeful world - view of a well meaning and good - hearted writer .
It just sounds suspect , when spoken by Detroit 's Mayor , Jerry Cavenough .
Another friend of my father 's , Loren Estleman , wrote a book about Detroit , Mayor Cavenuagh , and this period of time called Stress .
See :
My father worked for Jam Handy , in Detroit , and was a friend of Bob Casemore , who is credited as the script writer for this film .
It 's interesting to note that my father and Bob Casemore were polar opposites , in their political views .
Bob Casemore , ( like me , curiously enough ) represented the liberal perspective .
I can attest to the genuine love he had for Detroit , and * all * it 's people .
Three years later , when the riots and National Guard response changed our perceptions of Detroit , our naiveté had gone missing .
The aguments about what percentage of the population was white or black goes nowhere until you notice that these numbers change radically in a matter of a few months .
Most of those who could afford to , moved to a nearby suburb .
It 's not that this was n't already a trend for the prior decade , but there was a ... punctuated equilibrium in 1967 .
If you 'd looked at the various populations in the Detroit metropolitan areas , you 'll see all the same people , in the same ratios , just living further apart .
By 1978 , I 'd moved back into detroit , which was still devistated and had a little further to fall , at that point .
But it was cheap , convenient , and multicultural .
I was living a somewhat tarnished version of Bob Casemore 's dream for Detroiters .
Bottom line :
This film is not so much a white - wash , as it is the hopeful world - view of a well meaning and good - hearted writer .
It just sounds suspect , when spoken by Detroit 's Mayor , Jerry Cavenough .
Another friend of my father 's , Loren Estleman , wrote a book about Detroit , Mayor Cavenuagh , and this period of time called Stress .
See : http://www.twbookmark.com/books/79/0446403679/
- March 5 , 2006I Knew the Writer
Reviewer : frequency13 - favorite favorite favorite - February 11 , 2006
Subject : Review and response
This is a fascinating piece for a number of reasons .
Not the least reason is the effort of the mayor and filmmakers to put the best face on a city * already * drowning in racial tension ( just how long can a city confine its black people to the worst neighborhoods ? ) as well as economic and population decline -- nearly 300,000 people less lived in Detroit in 1965 than did in 1950 .
We must remember that the postwar boom for Detroit lasted less than a decade -- Packard , Studebaker and Hudson all folded in the recession of the mid-1950s .
Interstate highway construction combined with the politics of race to lead whites with means to begin to depart for the suburbs immediately after the second world war .
Sugrue does a magnificent job in his book " The Origins of the Urban Crisis " to disprove the commonly held view that the city 's decline began with the rebellion of 1967 .
Clearly , this is a city already declining at the time of filming .
That said , Slang , I was appalled at your comment of " accurate " .
I did not take an official count , but it appeared that roughly one out of ten participants in the film were non-white .
Most often , these were black people filmed walking in crowds .
Detroit was to become a majority black city by the early 1970s , but it 's proportion of blacks had already swelled to 35 % by 1965 , ( 44 % just 5 years later ) far higher than the proportion of blacks shown in the film .
Therefore , the film is * far* from an accurate portrayal of the population of the city .
As for the " distain " that you mention , it 's clear that you are disdainful of Detroit in it 's current vestige and not disdainful of 1965 Detroit .
I wo n't speculate on the reasons for your opinion , but I would point out that the behavior of white elites ( both locally and nationally ) in the 1950s and 1960s was indeed disgusting .
Detroit 's most notable example was the destruction of Paradise Valley by highway construction , " urban renewal " , and other projects sold to well - meaning ignorant liberals by venemous racists .
One such liberal , the mayor , mentions the " condeming and clearing " of a neighborhood for construction of the DMC in the film .
The ignorant might ask , " Gee whiz , why ca n't those blacks stay in their neighborhoods ? "
Oh yeah !
The government bulldozed their houses and businesses !
Again , the piece is fascinating , but it is best watched with " accurate " knowledge of Detroit 's history .
- February 11 , 2006 Review and response
Reviewer : slang - favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 27 , 2005
Subject : Remember the city , date ....
Spuzz this was filmed in 1965 and accurate .
It was not a black dominated populous when filmed .
Not curious , accurate .
DSKruse I think you are letting your distain for the Detroit of today cloud your memory of Detroit then .
Fantasic movie , real treat .
- December 27 , 2005 Remember the city , date ....
Reviewer : Spuzz - favorite favorite favorite - April 18 , 2003
Subject : Detroit :
It 's many secrets ..
In this curious film , dating to 1965 , Detroit is shown to be the cosmopolitan center of the universe , yet burying it 's many secrets in a whirlwind of curious information .
Narrated ( badly ) by the mayor at the time , we are introduced to him as he 's sitting at his desk , seriously figuring out what fo do with his hands as he 's talking .
He narrates the piece so blandly and boringly that it's hard to get caught up into what he is saying .
May aspects of the city is covered , hammering down time and time again how ' modern ' it is and the ' newness ' of everything .
Also covered , it 's implication that it's a city of great racial and melting pot harmony , while it 's great curiousity is , even though Detroit has one of the most highest density of black people in the country , yet there 's not a black person to be found in the film .
What kind of harmony is that ?
- April 18 , 2003 Detroit :
It 's many secrets ..
Family Tweets Home Energy Use and Streams Data Live on Web
April 22nd , 2009 by Derek Markham
In a public bid for transparency and awareness in home electrical consumption , a Maine family of four is broadcasting their electricity use live via the web and a Twitter feed .
“ Amidst massive greenwashing and general noise of the highest profile Earth Day in years , we ’ve committed ourselves to one simple act : exposing our home ’s electricity use publicly .
We ’re doing this because we believe measurement of home electrical use is the first step toward energy savings , and that we , as a family , will be motivated by making the data public . ”
– Troast
Peter Troast found that by simply measuring the family ’s energy use , they created an awareness of it which resulted in an almost immediate 15 % reduction in use , and he believes it can work for anyone .
[ social_buttons ]
Troast has connected an electricity usage monitoring device called The Energy Detective ( TED ) to the junction box in his basement and rigged it to transmit the data to the internet .
Viewers can watch the Troast family ’s electrical use at any time via their website at Energy Circle TED display .
Throughout the day , followers of @EnergyCircleKW will get a brief update via Twitter of how the family ’s activities affect the levels on the graph ( someone is using the dryer , or the heater is on , or perhaps it ’s the end of the day and electric usage is at the low for the day ) .
Without the context of the family ’s patterns , the web data does n’t mean that much to viewers , but by combining it with the Twitter feed , people can see the spikes and dips and relate those to the activities of the house .
Troast and his family live on the coast of Maine in an 80s - style home with plenty of air leaks and building flaws , not a high - efficiency ‘ green home ’ , so the experiment should reflect the energy usage and patterns of an average household .
“ We hope this demonstration will show how easy it is to monitor your home ’s electrical use in real - time and use the information and awareness to manage your power consumption to save energy and money . ”
Efficiency is the most affordable renewable resource we have right now , and until a major breakthrough happens in the price and scalability of solar or wind power , focusing on the awareness and control of energy usage by the consumer may have the greatest impact .
The Energy Detective could be the tool that makes it happen .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
I have little respect for a man such as Ron Paul because he seems to talk a lot but do n't do much .
He has a chance to be the president because he has record breaking endorsement but he does n't step up and Obama beats him hands down on campaign discipline .
He 's turtling in republican party which is in essence a divisive move , instead of trying to embrace america and ran as an independent .
Running as an independent does n't mean he would be betraying his value but he 's adamant to run as a republican .
It creates an impression that either it's his way or the highway .
He 'll always be a food critique and not a chef because he never step up .
To be a critic is easy , to be a leader is hard .
Instead of just sitting pretty inside republican party as a victim he should show leadership .
He has no excuse .
He has that whining , I 'm a victim , they ( america or the republican ) do n't give me a chance mentality that I just do n't like .
The US need a good singer , not just someone who knows a good song .
[ edit on Fri , 13 Feb 09 by Jazzyguy ]
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan , April 26 ( UPI ) --
A car bomb exploded in a Pakistani village near Afghanistan Sunday , killing six people and wounding five others , security sources reported .
The bomb exploded in a small passenger van in Datta Khel in the North Waziristan region , reported KUNA , the Kuwait news agency .
Advertisement
Security sources said the bomb was planted by local militants , who , in turn , claimed the van was targeted by a missile .
After the first edition of David Yallop ’s book , ‘ In God ’s Name ’ was published , in 1984 , steps were taken to ensure the Vatican divested itself of assets in a company called Istituto Farmacologico Sereno , whose best selling product was a female contraceptive pill , Luteolas .
The Church in Rome had remained silent for years about investments it held in a company which made the very product it insisted Catholics , even in a loving marriage , were committing a sin of selfish hedonism for using , as decreed in Humanae Vitae , an Encyclical letter of the supreme pontiff Paul VI .
Until Yallop shone a light on this blatant hypocrisy the Church would have happily carried on privately making money from something they publicly declared sinful .
That it took an investigative journalist , charged by a secret Vatican insider to discover the truth about who murdered Pope John Paul I , to unearth this fact , makes it all the more amazing that the murdered man himself had been elected to become Pope , by his popularity among the African bishops , who understood that Albino Luciani had a rather more progressive attitude on matters of contraception than did his predecessor and , as it turns out , each of his two successors .
Catholics have n’t had the Pope they want or deserve for decades .
If the current pontiff does n’t retract his illogical pronouncements on HIV / Aids , as has been requested of him by every major world health organisation and scientific advisory , including the Lancet , since he announced ahead of his visit to Africa that condoms exacerbate the spread of HIV / Aids , the wilful ignorance of the real world among the controlling elite in the Vatican looks set to continue for many generations to come .
How many people must die because celibate old men , who control the world ’s oldest tax exempt private intelligence agency , refuse to face up to reality ?
If you were baptised Catholic but no longer wish to be associated with this ignorant and shrivelling credo , you can apply to have a formal act of defection entered into the public record as a protest .
Our voices will be heard if we come together with determination .
Contact the diocese into which you were baptised , or where the records of your baptism , first communion , first confession and confirmation are kept , and explain to the bishop why you no longer consider yourself Catholic .
I have made public my letter to the bishop of Hexham and Newcastle , which you are free to use as a template for one of your own .
Here in the UK , so far at least , it appears to be a fairly straight forward request — but in other parts of the world , where the Vatican still exerts some degree of political control , this might not be so easy .
I would be delighted to hear about your personal experiences of entering into this process from around the world .
Further reading :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actus_formalis_defectionis_ab_Ecclesia_catholica
https://howgoodisthat.wordpress.com/2009/03/18/a-formal-act-of-defection/
https://howgoodisthat.wordpress.com/2009/03/20/a-formal-act-of-defection-part-2/
http://www.tfproject.org/tfp/general-discussion/111976-formal-act-defection.html
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/religion/5011270/Atheist-nurse-tries-to-get-himself-de-baptised-from-Church-of-England.html
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/vaticancityandholysee/5018013/Vatican-insiders-declare-the-Pope-a-disaster.html#
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/7967173.stm
Sign up for our COVID - 19 newsletter to stay up - to - date on the latest coronavirus news throughout New York City
Police say they will investigate a Carroll Gardens pizzeria that features scantily clad male go - go dancers once a week .
The weekly “ Fondle ” party , which started in February at South Brooklyn Pizza on Court Street , did n’t get mentioned beyond the listings section of most newspapers .
But on Sunday , the New York Times wrote about the gay - themed bacchanal , creating not only a maelstrom for the pizzeria , but renewing debate over whether tight - knit Carroll Gardens was truly welcoming to newcomers .
First , the maelstrom :
“ That [ Times article ] was the first I heard of [ Fondle ] night , ” Captain Kenneth Corey of the 76th Precinct , which covers Carroll Gardens , told members of the Carroll Gardens Neighborhood Association on Monday night .
“ We ’re going to determine the legality of it .
If they ’re outside of it , then we ’re going to take action . ”
A police source told The Brooklyn Paper that authorities would examine whether South Brooklyn Pizza violated cabaret license regulations .
The looming police threat evidently arose after the Times story revealed that a key detail about the “ Fondle ” party : it includes go - go dancers .
The article suggested that strippers are incompatible with the Old Gray Lady ’s understanding of Carroll Gardens as an insular , old Italian neighborhood .
The neighborhood , of course , is changing , and many of the newer residents do n’t mind a gay go - go night .
“ It does n’t bother me , ” said Omarr Stewart , who lives in the neighborhood .
“ I like to think of myself as a progressive . ”
Others shared that liberal idea .
“ To each his own , ” said Michael Rosario , who works next door to the restaurant .
— with Emilia Brock
Scientists of the CDF experiment at the Department of Energy 's Fermilab near Chicago have found evidence of an unexpected particle whose curious characteristics may reveal new ways that quarks can combine to form matter .
The CDF physicists have called the particle Y( 4140 ) , based on how the particle is produced and how much it weighs .
The particle now joins the handful of X and Y particles previously discovered at other laboratories , all of which flout nature 's known rules for fitting quarks and antiquarks together .
" It must be trying to tell us something , " said CDF cospokesperson Jacobo Konigsberg of the University of Florida .
" So far , we 're not sure what that is , but rest assured we 'll keep on listening . "
CDF physicist Kai Yi , University of Iowa , unveiled the evidence of the Y( 4140 ) particle to scientists at a seminar at Fermilab yesterday afternoon , March 17 , 2009 .
Matter as we know it comprises building blocks called quarks .
Quarks fit together in various well - established ways to build other particles : mesons , made of a quark - antiquark pair , and baryons , made of three quarks .
So far , it 's not clear exactly what Y( 4140 ) is made of .
But scientists know that its mass is 4140 Mega - electron volts .
Atoms such as hydrogen and oxygen can combine to form molecules such as water , or H 2 O .
Some theorists think that X and Y particles are the subatomic equivalent of molecular structures , perhaps two mesons bound together for a short period of time .
While physicists have an excellent theory ( known as Quantum Chromodynamics ) that describes the formation of individual mesons and baryons , the forces that govern the extended quark structures underlying the X and Y particles are not well understood , said Fermilab theorist Chris Hill .
The X and Y particle discoveries are not related to the disputed pentaquark observations , which seemed to indicate the existence of particles containing five quarks .
Today , scientists reject the notion of pentaquarks since several follow - up experiments failed to confirm initial observations .
In contrast , the discoveries of various X and Y particles have been confirmed by independent observations .
For example , the Belle collaboration at the KEK laboratory in Japan discovered the X ( 3872 ) particle in 2003 , and the CDF collaboration at Fermilab as well as the BaBar collaboration at DOE 's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California confirmed the particle 's existence .
In 2005 , the BaBar collaboration was the first to see the Y( 4260 ) particle .
Last fall , CDF physicist Tommaso Dorigo summarized in his blog the status of precision measurements of the mass of the X ( 3872 ) particle , showing that some of these particles are now well - measured but poorly understood .
The Y( 4140 ) particle reported by the CDF collaboration decays into a pair of particles , the J / psi and the phi , suggesting to physicists that it might be a composition of charm and anticharm quarks ( also known as charmonium ) .
However , the characteristics of this decay do not fit the conventional expectations for such a make - up , said Kai Yi , of the University of Iowa , who presented the Y( 4140 ) result at a seminar at Fermilab yesterday .
Other possible interpretations beyond a simple quark - antiquark structure are hybrid particles that also contain gluons , or even four - quark combinations .
B mesons can decay directly into a J/ Ψ ( psi ) particle and a Φ ( phi ) particle .
The CDF scientists found evidence that some B mesons unexpectedly decay into an intermediate quark structure identified as a Y particle .
The CDF scientists observed Y( 4140 ) particles in the decay of a much more commonly produced particle containing a bottom quark , the B+ meson .
Sifting through trillions of proton - antiproton collisions from Fermilab 's Tevatron , CDF scientists identified a small sampling of B+ mesons that decayed in an unexpected pattern .
Further analysis showed that the B+ mesons were decaying into Y( 4140 ) .
The 600 scientists of the CDF collaboration submitted a paper on the Y( 4140 ) observation to Physical Review Letters this week .
The Y( 4140 ) particle is the newest member of the family of X - and - Y particles of similar unusual characteristics observed in the last several years by experimenters at Fermilab 's Tevatron as well as at KEK laboratory and at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory .
The Tevatron experiments used collisions of protons and antiprotons to produce the new particles , while the experiments at KEK and SLAC relied on electron - positron collisions .
" We congratulate CDF on the first evidence for a new unexpected Y state that decays to J / psi and phi , " said Japanese physicist Masanori Yamauchi , a cospokesperson of KEK's Belle experiment .
" This state may be related to the Y( 3940 ) state discovered by Belle and might be another example of an exotic hadron containing charm quarks .
We will try to confirm this state in our own Belle data . "
Theoretical physicists are trying to decode the true nature of these exotic combinations of quarks that fall outside our current understanding of mesons and baryons .
Meanwhile experimentalists happily continue to search for more such particles .
" We 're building upon our knowledge piece by piece , " said CDF cospokesperson Rob Roser of Fermilab , " and with enough pieces , we 'll understand how this puzzle fits together . "
Do you remember that unspeakably naff designer accessory , I 'm Not A Plastic Bag ?
The " design " , by Anya Hindmarch , involved thinking up the gauchest slogan ever contrived then printing it on a white shopping bag of the kind old ladies used in the 1960s .
Tens of thousands were sold , at mind - boggling prices .
More to the point , does anyone still use one ?
There still seems to be a small market among collectors – there 's one for sale on eBay at the moment for £ 179.99 – but when did you last see someone shopping with one ?
This excrescence was supposed to be the antidote to the throwaway society .
Perhaps the bags have n't been thrown away , but no self - respecting celeb would be seen dead with one now .
They are sooo last year .
Anya Hindmarch does n't sell them any more : now she markets a new range of granny bags ( starting at £ 165 ) , printed with glossy pictures of designer children , dogs and motorbikes .
As Oscar Wilde said : " Nothing is so dangerous as being too modern ; one is apt to grow old - fashioned quite suddenly . "
These bags for life were discarded with all the other eco-bling as soon as something newer came along .
But they served their purpose : they permitted the rich and famous to telegraph their green credentials while still running the Aga , the Range Rover , the yacht and the second and third homes in far - flung parts of the world .
By buying the bag , they could tick another box : now , among their other attributes , they were environmentally conscious .
I was reminded of this when I saw the British government 's new green initiative , the " Get a bag habit " campaign to encourage reuse of bags , which it launched yesterday with the British Retail Consortium .
Not just because the slogan almost rivals Hindmarch 's for naffness , but also because it highlights our fetishisation of the plastic bag as the root of all environmental evil .
Do n't get me wrong – I do n't like plastic bags either .
We use too many of them , just as we use too many of all the earth 's resources .
They litter the countryside and cause problems for wildlife when they end up in the sea .
But their total impact is microscopic by comparison to almost anything else we do .
As environment writer George Marshall records in his excellent book Carbon Detox , our annual average consumption of bags produces 5 kg of carbon dioxide a year .
Total average emissions are 12,500kg .
Plastic bags are n't even a very large component of domestic waste .
Plastics in general – according to a study by South Gloucestershire district council – account for 18 % of total household waste .
Plastic bags account for 18 % of the plastic , which means 3.2 % of total waste .
Clingfilm ( 23 % of domestic plastic waste ) produces a greater proportion than plastic bags .
The British Retail Consortium , in helping to launch this campaign , says that " this is a symbolic step towards using resources more wisely . "
It 's a symbolic step , but not a significant one .
By no stretch of the imagination does it justify the hype it generates .
We could eliminate every bag in the UK and make only the tiniest dent in our total environmental impact .
So why this fetishisation ?
Because dealing with plastic bags is easy .
Easy for the government , easy for retailers , easy for shoppers .
It threatens no one , makes money for the shops ( if they charge for their bags ) and ensures that everyone feels better about themselves , while continuing to trash the biosphere just as we did before .
Monbiot.com
Berlin - based tuning shop AVUS Performance just launched a 580 HP customized Audi RS6 named the " WHITE POWER Audi RS6 . "
Let me repeat that — a German tuning shop named its new car " White Power . "
Really .
Frankly , is there really anything more we need to say about a car called the " WHITE POWER ? "
We do n't care what the performance specs are — we do n't want one .
Even if this is some kind of unfortunate translation issue — let 's call it the worst translator ever — it 's a perfect example of why companies looking to play globally need to hire globally .
Full press release below .
Avus Performance – WHITE POWER Audi RS6
With its 580 bhp and an impressive 650 Nm ( 479.35 lb / ft ) of torque the actual Audi RS6 is the perfect symbiosis of an estate and a super car .
For AVUS Performance , based in Berlin , that starting basis was not enough .
As the importer for Sportec products in Germany they equipped the RS6 with a new high performance exhaust system with a diameter of 70 mm , racing catalysts and a new ECU software .
The maximum power increased up to 700 bhp and an astonishing 800 Nm ( 589.97 lb / ft ) of torque are now tearing all 4 wheels .
The results are 0 - 60 in 3.9s , 0 - 120 in 12.1s and the RS6 is electronically limited at 211.27 mph to not overstress the tires of the V10 biturbo .
To get the power to the ground at best Avus Performance mounted a set of 22 " wheels in the classic Sportec Mono 10 design .
Besides the better grip these have great impact to the overall look .
The already good standard factory suspension with electronic settings was only slightly modified with lowering springs which help to lower the car by 40 mm .
The handling improves noticeable and the car gets much more agile .
On the other hand it fits perfectly to the complete look of the car and makes sense in combination with all the other options .
Last but not least a carbon front - lip and a rear diffusor are also offered and are the icing on the cake .
Saving Mexico by Legalizing US Drugs Editor ’s Note : Since Richard Nixon ’s presidency , the United States has been waging “ a war on drugs , ” one of several grandiose “ war ” paradigms – like George W. Bush ’s “ war on terror ” – that almost guarantees defeat by its definition .
In this guest essay , the Independent Institute ’s Ivan Eland argues that the misguided U.S. “ war on drugs ” is now threatening Mexico ’s stability – while filling American jails with drug offenders – and should be replaced with a strategy of legalizing drugs for adults :
While the U.S. superpower has meddled in many far - flung nations around the globe in the name of enhancing its security , as prior to 9/11 , it has ignored a threat much closer to home .
Email
Printer friendly
In recent years , the Bush administration blithely blamed Mexico for the flow of illegal drugs into the United States and virtually ignored the raging mayhem involving Mexican drug cartels south of the border .
That rampant violence is now spilling into the United States as crime .
Yet again , the Bush administration has handed off a tar baby to the Obama administration .
And yet again in the security area , the Obama administration has improved on the Bush policy ( it ’s not hard to do ) but needs to go farther .
Instead of merely blaming Mexico for the problem , the Obama administration has acknowledged that the $ 65 billion annual demand for illegal drugs in the United States is part of the problem .
In fact , it is the driver of the problem .
Unfortunately , although admitting that the United States shares blame for the problem because of its burgeoning demand is a start , the Obama administration is still focused on the long failed U.S. government policy of interdicting the supply of drugs .
The administration will send almost 500 federal agents south to the border , accompanied by more electronic surveillance and x-ray machines , and will also focus on stopping the flow of guns and tens of billions of dollars in payments going south to the suppliers .
Last year , U.S. officials were able to seize less than $ 1 billion in illicit drug proceeds of the estimated $ 18 billion to $ 39 billion routed back to Mexico .
Even more snooping into the bank accounts of Americans will likely occur in what will probably be a futile effort to appreciably increase the percentage snared .
The new Obama policy is analogous to an alcoholic admitting to a drinking problem , but then blaming beer distributors and trying to have them arrested .
The analogy to alcohol can be taken a step further .
According to the Justice Department , the biggest organized crime threat in the U.S. today is the presence of the Mexican drug cartels in 230 U.S. cities .
Similarly , in the United States , organized crime got a huge boost by the prohibition of alcohol in the 1920s and 1930s .
So if there has been a failure working on both the supply side ( even having a fortified border still results in tens of billion of dollars in annual drug imports ) and demand side ( drugs are illegal , yet many people still do them ) , then why not try a fresh , if counterintuitive , approach that many economists favor ?
Why not legalize drugs for adults 21 and over ?
Sound radical ?
Even crazy ?
Here ’s the logic :
Such drugs are cheap to make .
The reason they are so expensive is because producing , transporting , and selling the drugs risks arrest , jail time , and even injury or death .
Crime results because the substances are illicit , people buy guns to protect themselves , and then use them to shoot at other drug cartels competing for the huge profits or to commit crimes to pay the steep prices because drugs are illegal .
Legalizing drugs for adults would turn it into a mainstream business and prices and profits would dramatically drop , thus resulting in far less crime among producers , traffickers and users .
If the price dropped , more people might try drugs , but money can better be spent on education campaigns and treatment than on stricter drug laws and penalties and government agents , gizmos , and improved border fences in what has been a multi- decade futile effort to stanch the flow of drugs into the United States .
After all , since drugs are cheap to make , the drug producers simply estimate that 10 to 15 percent will be interdicted by law enforcement and simply produce that much more .
In addition , the United States has the largest prison population in the world , but many of those people — convicted on most drug crimes — should not be there in the first place .
Should n’t any adult be able to make their own decisions about what substances to put in their bodies ?
Taking most illegal drugs is unhealthy , but why should the government get involved in regulating personal behavior for adults ?
Let ’s reserve the jail cells for true criminals : murderers , rapists , robbers , child molesters , and those who sell illegal drugs to minors .
Putting routine drug sellers and users in prison just causes taxpayers to spend a lot of hard - earned money creating hardened criminals .
That is why Mexico is so important .
About 90 percent of U.S. drug traffic flows through there because Mexico neighbors the United States , one of the biggest markets for illegal drugs in the world .
Mexico is being destabilized by a draconian U.S. drug policy , and that instability is flowing back into the United States and causing a threat to national security in the form of imported crime .
This is one area in which U.S. domestic policy is hurting its foreign and security policies .
Legalizing drugs for adults at home would make Mexico , an important neighbor , more stable and the United States more secure .
Ivan Eland is Director of the Center on Peace & Liberty at The Independent Institute .
Dr. Eland has spent 15 years working for Congress on national security issues , including stints as an investigator for the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Principal Defense Analyst at the Congressional Budget Office .
His books include The Empire Has No Clothes : U.S. Foreign Policy Exposed , and Putting “ Defense ” Back into U.S. Defense Policy .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
I really can't get enough of the new Royksopp album .
There are a few other albums I have been playing a lot lately - I should really bring back the Recommended Listening Page .
Perhaps tomorrow I shall !
See you then .
Netzfischer Hund im Rutschrausch
Was dieser Dobermann sonst so in seinem Leben macht , ist unbekannt .
Was aber sein liebstes Hobby ist , steht außer Zweifel : Wasserrutschen .
Selten hat wohl ein Lebewesen bei diesem Sport soviel Leidenschaft und Können bewiesen .
CALLIMACHUS , HYMNS 1 - 3
CALLIMACHUS OF CYRENE was a Greek poet and scholar of the Library of Alexandria who flourished in the C3rd B.C.
He was the author of a large number of works , of which only 6 hymns and 63 epigrams still survive in their entirety .
Callimachus , Hymns and Epigrams .
Lycophron .
Aratus .
Translated by Mair , A. W. & G. R. Loeb Classical Library Volume 129 .
London : William Heinemann , 1921 .
This volume is still in print and available new from Amazon.com ( click on image right for details ) .
In addition to the translation of Callimachus ' Hymns and Epigrams the book contains Lycophron 's riddling poem Alexandra , Aratus ' description of the stars , source Greek texts and Mair 's introduction , index and footnotes .
Some more recent translations of Callimachus and commentaries on his work appear in the booklist ( left below ) .
HYMNS 1 - 3 , TRANSLATED BY A. W. MAIR
HYMN I. TO ZEUS
[ 1 ]
At libations to Zeus what else should rather be sung than the god himself , mighty for ever , king for evermore , router of the Pelagonians , dealer of justice to the sons of Heaven ?
[ 4 ]
How shall we sing of him – as lord of Dicte1 or of Lycaeum ?
2
My soul is all in doubt , since debated is his birth .
O Zeus , some say that thou wert born on the hills of Ida3 ; others , O Zeus , say in Arcadia ; did these or those , O Father lie ?
“ Cretans are ever liars . ” 4
Yea , a tomb, 5 O Lord , for thee the Cretans builded ; but thou didst not die , for thou art for ever .
[ 10 ]
In Parrhasia6 it was that Rheia bare thee , where was a hill sheltered with thickest brush .
Thence is the place holy , and no fourfooted thing that hath need of Eileithyia7 nor any woman approacheth thereto , but the Apidanians8 call it the primeval childbed of Rheia .
There when thy mother had laid thee down from her mighty lap , straightway she sought a stream of water , wherewith she might purge her of the soilure of birth and wash thy body therein .
[ 17 ]
But mighty Ladon9 flowed not yet , nor Erymanthus , 9 clearest of rivers ; waterless was all Arcadia ; yet was it anon to be called well - watered .
For all that time when Rhea loosed her girdle , full many a hollow oak did water Iaon9 bear aloft , and many a wain did Melas10 carry and many a serpent above Carnion , 11 wet though it now be , cast its lair ; and a man would fare on foot over Crathis12 and many - pebbled Metope ,13 athirst : while that abundant water lay beneath his feet .
[ 28 ]
And holden in distress the lady Rheia said , " Dear Earth , give birth thou also !
They birthpangs are light . "
So spake the goddess , and lifting her great arm aloft she smote the mountain with her staff ; and it was greatly rent in twain for her and poured forth a mighty flood .
Therein , O Lord , she cleansed they body ; and swaddled thee , and gave thee to Neda to carry within the Cretan covert , that thou mightst be reared secretly : Neda , 14 eldest of the nymphs who then were about her bed , earliest birth after Styx15 and Philyra .
16
And no idle favour did the goddess repay her , but named that stream Neda17 ; which , I ween , in great flood by the very city of the Cauconians , 18 which is called Lepreion , 19 mingles its stream with Nereus ,20 and its primeval water do the son ’s son of the Bear , 21 Lycaon ’s daughter , drink .
[ 42 ]
When the nymph , carrying thee , O Father Zeus , towards Cnosus , 22 was leaving Thenae 22 – for Thenae as nigh to Cnosus – even then , O God , thy navel fell away : hence that plain the Cydonians23 call the Plain of the Navel .
24
But thee , O Zeus , the companions of the Cyrbantes 25 took to their arms , even the Dictaean Meliae , 26 and Adrasteia27 laid thee to rest in a cradle of gold , and thou didst suck the rich teat of the she - goat Amaltheia ,28 and thereto eat the sweet honey - comb .
For suddenly on the hills of Ida , which men call Panacra , 29 appeared the works of the Panacrian bee .
And lustily round thee danced the Curetes30 a war - dance ,31 beating their armour , that Cronus might hear with his ears the din of the shield , but not thine infant noise .
[ 54 ]
Fairly didst thou wax , O heavenly Zeus , and fairly wert thou nurtured , and swiftly thou didst grow to manhood , and speedily came the down upon thy cheek .
But , while yet a child , thou didst devise all the deeds of perfect stature .
Wherefore thy kindred , though an earlier generation , grudged not that thou shouldst have heaven for thine appointed habitation .
32
For they said that the lot assigned to the sons of Cronus their three several abodes .33
But who would draw lots for Olympos and for Hades – save a very fool ?
For equal chances should one cast lots ; but these are the wide world apart .
When I speak fiction , be it such fiction as persuades the listener ’s ear !
Thou wert made sovereign of the gods not by casting of lots by the deeds of thy hands , thy might and that strength34 which thou hast set beside thy throne .
And the most excellent of birds35 didst thou make the messenger of thy sings ; favourable to my friends be the sings thou showest !
And thou didst choose that which is most excellent among men – not thou the skilled in ships , nor the wielder of the shield , nor the minstrel : these didst thou straightway renounce to lesser gods , other cares to others .
But thou didst choose the rulers of cities themselves , beneath whose hand is the lord of the soil , the skilled in spearmanship , the oarsman , yea , all things that are : what is there that is not under the ruler ’s sway ?
Thus , smith , we say , belong to Hephaestus ; to Ares , warriors ; to Artemis of the Tunic ,36 huntsmen ; to Phoebus they that know well the strains of the lyre .
But from Zeus come kings ; for nothing is diviner than the kings of Zeus .
Wherefore thou didst choose them for thine own lot , and gavest them cities to guard .
And thou didst seat thyself in the high places of the cities , watching who rule their people with crooked judgements , and who rule otherwise .
And thou hast bestowed upon them wealth and prosperity abundantly ; unto all , but not in equal measure .
One may well judge by our Ruler , 37 for he hath clean outstripped all others .
At evening he accomplisheth what whereon he thinketh in the morning ; yea , at evening the greatest things , but the lesser soon as he thinketh on them .
But the others accomplish some things in a year , and some things not in one ; of others , again , thou thyself dost utterly frustrate the accomplishing and thwartest their desire .
[ 90 ] Hail !
greatly hail !
most high Son of Cronus , giver of good things , giver of safety .
Thy works who could sing ?
There hath not been , there shall not be , who shall sing the works of Zeus .
Hail !
Father , hail again !
And grant us goodness and prosperity .
Without goodness wealth cannot bless men , nor goodness without prosperity .
Give us goodness and weal .
HYMN II .
TO APOLLO
[ 1 ]
How the laurel branch of Apollo trembles !
How trembles all the shrine !
Away , away , he that is sinful !
Now surely Phoebus knocketh at the door with his beautiful foot .
See ’st thou not ?
The Delian palm1 nods pleasantly of a sudden and the swan2 in the air sings sweetly .
Of yourselves now ye bolts be pushed back , pushed back of yourselves , ye bars !
The god is no longer far away .
And ye , young men , prepare ye for song and for the dance .
[ 9 ]
Not unto everyone doth Apollo appear , but unto him that is good .
Whoso hath seen Apollo , he is great ; whoso hath not seen him , he is of low estate .
We shall see thee , O Archer , and we shall never be lowly .
Let no the youths keep silent lyre or noiseless step , when Apollo visits3 his shrine , if they think to accomplish marriage and to cut the locks of age , 4 and if the wall is to stand upon its old foundations .
Well done the youths , for that the shell5 is no longer idle .
[ 17 ]
Be hushed , ye that hear , at the song to Apollo ; yea , hushed is even the sea when the minstrels celebrate the lyre or the bow , the weapons of Lycoreian Phoebus .
6
Neither doth
Thetis his mother wail her dirge for Achilles , when she hears Hië7 Paeëon , Hië Paeëon .
[ 22 ]
Yea , the tearful rock defers its pain , the wet stone is set in Phrygia , a marble rock like a woman8 open - mouthed in some sorrowful utterance .
Say ye Hië !
Hië ! an ill thing it is strive with the Blessed Ones .
He who fights with the Blessed Ones would fight with my King9 ; he who fights with my King , would fight even with Apollo .
Apollo will honour the choir , since it sings according to his heart ; for Apollo hath power , for that he sitteth on the right hand of Zeus .
Nor will the choir sing of Phoebus for one day only .
He is a copious theme of song ; who would not readily sing of Phoebus ?
[ 32 ]
Golden is the tunic of Apollo and golden his mantle , his lyre and his Lyctian10 bow and his quiver : golden too are his sandals ; for rich in gold is Apollo , rich also in possessions : by Pytho mightst thou guess .
And ever beautiful is he and ever young : never on the girl cheeks of Apollo hath come so much as the down of manhood .
His locks distil fragrant oils upon the ground ; not oil of fat do the locks of Apollo distil but he very Healing of All.11
And in whatsoever city whose dews fall upon the ground , in that city all things are free from harm .
[ 42 ]
None is so abundant in skill as Apollo .
To him belongs the archer , to him the minstrel ; for unto Apollo is given in keeping alike archery and song .
His are the lots of the diviner and his the seers ; and from Phoebus do leeches know the deferring of death .
[ 47 ]
Phoebus and Nomius12 we call him , ever since that when by Amphrysus13 he tended the yokemares , fired with love of young Admetus .
14 Lightly would the herd of cattle wax larger , nor would the she - goats of the flock lack young , whereon as they feed Apollo casts his eye ; nor without milk would the ewes be nor barren , but all would have lambs at foot ; and she that bare one would soon be the mother of twins .
[ 55 ]
And Phoebus it is that men follow when they map out cities .
15 For Phoebus himself doth weave their foundations .
Four years of age was Phoebus when he framed his first foundations in fair Ortygia16 near the round lake .17
[ 60 ]
Artemis hunted and brought continually the heads of Cynthian goats and Phoebus plaited an altar .
18 With horns builded he the foundations , and of horns framed he the altar , and of horns were the walls he built around .
Thus did Phoebus learn to raise his first foundations .
Phoebus , too , it was told Battus19 of my own city of fertile soil , and in guise of a raven20 – auspicious to our founder – led his people as they entered Libya and sware that he would vouchsafe a walled city to our kings .
21 And the oath of Apollo is ever sure .
O Apollo !
Many there be that call thee Boëdromius , 22 and many there be that call thee Clarius23 : everywhere is thy name on the lips of many .
But I call thee Carneius 24 ; for such is the manner of my fathers .
Sparta , O Carneius ! was they first foundation ; and next Thera ; but third the city of Cyrene .
From Sparta the sixth25 generation of the sons of Oedipus brought thee to their colony of Thera ; and from Thera lusty Aristoteles 26 set thee by the Asbystian 27 land , and builded thee a shrine exceedingly beautiful , and in the city established a yearly festival wherein many a bull , O Lord , falls on his haunches for the last time .
Hië , Hië , Carneius !
Lord of many prayers , - thine altars wear flowers in spring , even all the pied flowers which the Hours lead forth when Zephyrus breathes dew , and in winter the sweet crocus .
Undying evermore is thy fire , nor ever doth the ash feed about the coals of yester - even .
Greatly , indeed , did Phoebus rejoice as the belted warriors of Enyo danced with the yellow - haired Libyan women , when the appointed season of the Carnean feast came round .
But not yet could the Dorians approach the fountains of Cyre , 28 but dwelt in Azilis29 thick with wooded dells .
These did the Lord himself behold and showed them to his bride30 as he stood on horned Myrtussa31 where the daughter of Hypseus slew the lion that harried the kind of Eurypylus .
32
No other dance more divine hath Apollo beheld , nor to any city hath he given so many blessings as he hath given to Cyrene , remembering his rape of old .
Nor , again , is there any other god whom the sons of Battus have honoured above Phoebus .
[ 97 ]
Hië , Hië , Paeëon , we hear – since this refrain did the Delphian folk first invent , what time thou didst display the archery of they golden bow .
As thou wert going down to Pytho , there met thee a beast unearthly , a dread snake .33
And him thou didst slay , shooting swift arrows one upon the other ; and the folk cried “ Hië , Hië , Paeëon , shoot an arrow ! ”
A helper34 from the first thy mother bare thee , and ever since that is thy praise .
[ 105 ] Spare Envy privily in the ear of Apollo : “ I admire not the poet who singeth not things for number as the sea .
” 35 Apollon spurned Envy with his foot and spake thus : “ Great is the stream of the Assyrian river , 36 but much filth of earth and much refuse it carries on its waters .
And not of every water do the Melissae carry to Deo, 37 but of the trickling stream that springs from a holy fountain , pure and undefiled , the very crown of waters . ”
Hail , O Lord , but Blame – let him go where Envy dwells !
HYMN III .
TO ARTEMIS
[ 1 ] Artemis we hymn – no light thing is it for singers to forget her – whose study is the bow and the shooting of hares and the spacious dance and sport upon the mountains ; beginning with the time when sitting on her father ’s knees – still a little maid – she spake these words to her sire : “ Give me to keep my maidenhood , Father , forever : and give me to be of many names , that Phoebus may not vie with me .
And give me arrows and a bow – stay , Father , I ask thee not for quiver or for mighty bow : for me the Cyclopes will straightway fashion arrows and fashion for me a well - bent bow .
But give me to be Bringer of Light1 and give me to gird me in a tunic2 with embroidered border reaching to the knee , that I may slay wild beasts .
And give me sixty daughters of Oceanus for my choir – all nine years old , all maidens yet ungirdled ; and give me for handmaidens twenty nymphs of Amnisus3 who shall tend well my buskins , and , when I shoot no more at lynx or stag , shall tend my swift hounds .
And give to me all mountains ; and for city , assign me any , even whatsoever thou wilt : for seldom is it that Artemis goes down to the town .
On the mountains will I dwell and the cities of men I will visit only when women vexed by the sharp pang of childbirth call me to their aid4 even in the hour when I was born the Fates ordained that I should be their helper , forasmuch as my mother suffered no pain either when she gave me birth or when she carried me win her womb , but without travail put me from her body . ”
So spake the child and would have touched her father ’s beard , but many a hand did she reach forth in vain , that she might touch it .
[ 28 ]
And her father smiled and bowed assent .
And as he caressed her , he said : “ When goddesses bear me children like this , little need I heed the wrath of jealous Hera .
Take , child , all that thou askest , heartily .
Yea , and other things therewith yet greater will thy father give thee .
Three times ten cities and towers more than one will I vouchsafe thee – three times ten cities that shall not know to glorify any other god but to glorify the only and be called of Artemis And thou shalt be Watcher over Streets5 and harbours .
6 ” So he spake and bent his head to confirm his words .
[ 40 ]
And the maiden faired unto the white mountain of Crete leafy with woods ; thence unto Oceanus ; and she chose many nymphs all nine years old , all maidens yet ungirdled .
And the river Caraetus7 was glad exceedingly , and glad was Tethys that they were sending their daughters to be handmaidens to the daughter of Leto .
[ 46 ]
And straightway she went to visit the Cyclopes .
Them she found in the isle of Lipara – Lipara in later days , but at the at time its name was Meligunis – at the anvils of Hephaestus , standing round a molten mass of iron .
For a great work was being hastened on : they fashioned a horse - trough for Poseidon .
And the nymphs were affrighted when they saw the terrible monsters like unto the crags of Ossa : all had single eyes beneath their brows , like a shield of fourfold hide for size , glaring terribly from under ; and when they heard the din of the anvil echoing loudly , and the great blast of the bellows and the heavy groaning of the Cyclopes themselves .
For Aetna cried aloud , and Trinacia8 cried , the seat of the Sicanians , cried too their neighbour Italy , and Cyrnos9 therewithal uttered a mighty noise , when they lifted their hammers above their shoulders and smote with rhythmic swing10 the bronze glowing from the furnace or iron , labouring greatly .
Wherefore the daughters of Oceanus could not untroubled look upon them face to face nor endure the din in their ears .
No shame to them !
On those not even the daughters of the Blessed look without shuddering .
Though long past childhood ’s years .
But when any of the maidens doth disobedience to her mother , the mother calls the Cyclopes to her child – Arges or Steropes ; and from within the house comes Hermes , stained 11 with burnt ashes .
And straightway he plays bogey to the child , and she runs into her mother ’s lap , with her hands upon her eyes .
But thou , Maiden , even earlier , while yet but three years old , when Leto came bearing thee in her arms at the bidding of Hephaestus that he might give thee handsel12 and Brontes13 set thee on his stout knees – thou didst pluck the shaggy hair of his great breast and tear it out by force .
And even unto this day the mid part of his breast remains hairless , even when mange settles on a man ’s temples and eats the hair away .
[ 80 ]
Therefore right boldly didst thou address them then : “ Cyclopes , for me too fashion ye a Cydonian 14 bow and arrows and a hollow casket for my shafts ; for I also am a child of Leto , even as Apollo .
And if I with my bow shall slay some wild creature or monstrous beast , that shall the Cyclopes eat . ”
So didst thou speak and they fulfilled thy words .
Straightway dist thou array thee , O Goddess .
And speedily again thou didst go to get thee hounds ; and thou camest to the Arcadian fold of Pan .
And he was cutting up the flesh of a lynx of Maenalus15 that his bitches might eat it for food .
And to thee the Bearded God16 gave two dogs black - and - white , 17 three reddish,18 and one spotted , which pulled down19 very lions hen they clutched their throats and haled them still living to the fold .
And he gave thee seven Cynosurian20 bitches swifter than the winds - that breed which is swiftest to pursue fawns and the hare which closes not his eyes 21 ; swiftest too to mark the lair of the stag and where the porcupine 22 hath his burrow , and to lead upon the track of the gazelle .
[ 98 ]
Thence departing ( and thy hounds sped with thee ) thou dist find by the base of the Parrhasian hill deer gamboling – a mighty herd .
They always herded by the banks of the black - pebbled Anaurus – larger than bulls , and from their horns shone gold .
And thou wert suddenly amazed and sadist to thine own heart : “ This would be a first capture worthy of Artemis . ”
Five were there in all ; and four thou didst take by speed of foot – without the chase of dogs – to draw thy swift car .
But one escaped over the river Celadon , by devising of Hera , that it might be in the after days a labour for Heracles ,23 and the Ceryneian hill received her .
[ 109 ] Artemis , Lady of Maidenhood , Slayer of Tityus , golden were thine arms and golden thy belt , and a golden car didst thou yoke , and golden bridles , goddess , didst thou put on thy deer .
And where first did thy horned team begin to carry thee ?
To Thracian Haemus , whence comes the hurricane of Boreas bringing evil breath of frost to cloakless men .
And where didst thou cut the pine and from what flame didst thou kindle it ?
It was on Mysian Olympus , and thou didst put in tit the breath of flame unquenchable , which thy Father ’s bolts distil .
And how often goddess , didst thou make trial of thy silver bow ?
First at an elm , and next at an oak didst thou shoot , and third again at a wild beast .
But the fourth time – not long was it ere thou didst shoot at the city of unjust me , those who to one another and those who towards strangers wrought many deeds of sin , forward men , on whom thou wilt impress thy grievous wrath .
On their cattle plague feeds , on their tilth feeds frost , and the old men cut their hair in mourning over their sons , and their wives either are smitten or die in childbirth , or , if they escape , bear birds whereof none stands on upright ankle .
But on whomsoever thou lookest smiling and gracious , for them the tilth bears the corn-ear abundantly , and abundantly prospers the four - footed breed , and abundant waxes their prosperity : neither do they go to the tomb , save when they carry thither the aged .
Nor does faction wound their race – faction which ravages even the well - established houses : but brother ’s wife and husband ’s sister set their chairs around one board .
24
[ 134 ]
Lady , of that number be whosoever is a true friend of mine , and of that number may I be myself , O Queen .
And may song be my study forever .
In that song shall be the Marriage of Leto ; therein thy name shall often - times be sung ; therein shall Apollo be and therein all thy labours , and therein thy hounds and thy bow and thy chariots , which lightly carry thee in thy splendour , when thou drivest to the house of Zeus .
There in the entrance meet thee Hermes and Apollo : Hermes the Lord of Blessing , 25 takes thy weapons , Apollo takes whatsoever wild beast thou bringest .
Yea , so Apollo did before strong Alcides26 came , but now Phoebus hath this task no longer ; in such wise the Anvil of Tiryns 27 stands ever before the gates , waiting to see if thou wilt come home with some fat morsel .
And all the gods laugh at him with laughter unceasingly and most of all his own wife ’s mother28 when he brings from the car a great bull or a wild boar , carrying it by the hind foot struggling .
With this sunning speech , goddess , doth he admonish thee : “ Shoot at the evil wild beasts that mortals may call thee their helper even as they call me .
Leave deer and hares to feed upon the hills .
What harm could deer and hares do ?
It is boars which ravage the tilth of men and boars which ravage the plants ; and oxen are a great bane to men : shoot also at those . ”
So he spake and swiftly busied him about the mighty beast .
For though beneath a Phrygian29 oak his flesh was deified , yet hath he not ceased from gluttony .
Still hath he that belly wherewith he met Theiodamas30 at the plough .
[ 162 ]
For thee the nymphs of Amnisus rub down the hinds loosed from the yoke , and from the mead of Hera they gather and carry for them to feed on much swift - springing clover , which also the horses of Zeus eat ; and golden troughs they fill with water to be for the deer a pleasant draught .
And thyself thou enterest thy Father ’s house , and all alike bid thee to a seat ; but thou sittest beside Apollo .
[ 170 ]
But when the nymphs encircle thee in the dance , near the springs of Egyptian Inopus31 or Pitane32 – for Pitane too is thine – or in Limnae33 or where , goddess , thou camest from Scythia to dwell , in Alae Araphenides , 34 renouncing the rites of the Tauri,35 then may not my kine cleave a four - acred36 fallow field for a wage at the hand of an alien ploughman ; else surely lame and weary of neck would they come to the byre , yea even were they of Stymphaean37 breed , nine38 years of age , drawing by the horns ; which kine are far the best for cleaving a deep furrow ; for the god Helios never passes by that beauteous dance , but stays his car to gaze upon the sight , and the lights of day are lengthened .
[ 183 ]
Which now of islands , what hill finds most favour with thee ?
What haven ?
What city ?
Which of the nymphs dost thou love above the rest , and what heroines hast thou taken for thy companions ?
Say , goddess , thou to me , and I will sing thy saying to others .
Of islands , Doliche39 hath found favour with thee , of cities Perge , 40 of hills Taygeton , 41 the havens of Euripus .
And beyond others thou lovest the nymph of Gortyn , Britomartis , 42 slayer of stags , the goodly archer ; for love of whom was Minos of old distraught and roamed the hills of Crete .
And the nymph would hide herself now under the shaggy oaks and anon in the low meadows .
And for nine months he roamed over crag and cliff and made not an end of pursuing , until , all but caught , she leapt into the sea from the top of a cliff and fell into the nets of fishermen which saved her .
Whence in after days the Cydonians call the nymph the Lady of the Nets ( Dictyna ) and the hill whence the nymph leaped they call the hill of Nets ( Dictaeon ) , and there they set up altars and do sacrifice .
And the garland on that day is pine or mastich , but the hands touch not the myrtle .
For when she was in flight , a myrtle branch became entangled in the maiden ’s robes ; wherefore she was greatly angered against the myrtle .
Upis,43 O Queen , fair - faced Bringer of Light , thee too the Cretans name after that nymph .
[ 206 ]
Yea and Cyrene thou madest thy comrade , to whom on a time thyself didst give two hunting dogs , with whom the maiden daughter of Hypseus44 beside the Iolcian tomb45 won the prize .
And the fair - haired wife46 of Cephalus , son of Deioneus , O Lady , thou madest thy fellow in the chase ; and fair Anticleia , 47 they say , thou dist love even as thine own eyes .
These were the first who wore the gallant bow and arrow - holding quivers on their shoulders ; their right shoulders bore the quiver strap,48 and always the right breast showed bare .
Further thou dist greatly commend swift - footed Atalanta , 49 the slayer of boars , daughter of Arcadian Iasius , and taught her hunting with dogs and good archery .
They that were called to hunt the boar of Calydon find no fault with her ; for the tokens of victory came into Arcadia which still holds the tusks of the beast .
Nor do I deem that Hylaeus50 and foolish Rhoecus , for all their hate , in Hades slight her archery .
For the loins , with whose blood the height of Maenalus flowed , will not abet the falsehood .
[ 225 ]
Lady of many shrines , of many cities , hail !
Goddess of the Tunic,51 sojourner in Miletus ; for thee did Neleus52 make his Guide,53 when he put off with his ships from the land of Cecrops .
54 Lady of Chesion55 and of Imbrasus , 56 throned 57 in the highest , to thee in thy shrine did Agamemnon dedicate the rudder of his ship , a charm against ill weather ,58 when thou didst bind the winds for him , what time the Achaean ships sailed to vex the cities of the Teucri , wroth for Rhamnusian59 Helen .
[ 233 ]
For thee surely Proetus60 established two shrines , one of Artemis of Maidenhood for that thou dist gather for him his maiden daughters ,61 when they were wandering over the Azanian62 hills ; the other he founded in Lusa63 to Artemis the Gentle , 64 because thou tookest from his daughters the spirit of wildness .
For thee , too , the Amazons , whose mind is set on war , in Ephesus beside the sea established an image beneath an oak trunk , and Hippo65 performed a holy rite for thee , and they themselves , O Upis Queen , around the image danced a war - dance – first in shields and armour , and again in a circle arraying a spacious choir .
And the loud pipes thereto piped shrill accompaniment , that they might foot the dance together ( for not yet did they pierce the bones of the fawn , Athena ’s handiwork , 66 a bane to the deer ) .
And the echo reached unto Sardis and to the Berecynthian 67 range .
And they with their feet beat loudly and therewith their quivers rattled .
[ 248 ]
And afterwards around that image was raised a shrine of broad foundations .
That it shall dawn behold nothing more divine , naught richer .
Easily would it outdo Pytho .
Wherefore in this madness insolent Lygdamis threatened that he would lay it waste , and brought against it a host of Cimmerians68 which milk mares , in number as the sand ; who have their homes hard by the Straits69 of the cow , daughter of Inachus .
Ah! foolish among kings , how greatly he sinned !
For not destined to return again to Scythia was either he or any other of those whose wagons stood in the Caystrian70 plain ; for thy shafts are ever more set as a defence before Ephesus .
[ 258 ] O Lady of Munychia ,71 Watcher of Harbours , hail , Lady of Pherae ! 72
Let none disparage Artemis .
For Oeneus73 dishonoured her altar and no pleasant struggles came upon his city .
Nor let any content with her in shooting of stags or in archery .
For the son74 of Atreus vaunted him not that he suffered small requital .
Neither let any woo the Maiden ; for not Otus , nor Orion wooed her to their own good .
Nor let any shun the yearly dance ; for not tearless to Hippo75 was her refusal to dance around the altar .
Hail , great queen , and graciously greet my song .
Appeals court rules Gitmo detainees are not ' persons '
RAW STORY
Published : Friday April 24 , 2009
Print This Email This A Court of Appeals for the Washington , D.C. Circuit ruled Friday that detainees at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , are not " persons " according to it 's interpretation of a statute involving religious freedom .
The ruling sprang from an appeal of Rasul v. Rumsfeld , which was thrown out in Jan. 2008 .
" The court affirmed the district court 's dismissal of the constitutional and international law claims , and reversed the district court 's decision that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) applied to Guantanamo detainees , dismissing those claims as well , " the Center for Constitutional Rights said .
After the Supreme Court recognized , over objections from the Bush administration , that terror war prisoners have the right to habeas corpus petitions , it also directed the D.C. court of appeals to reexamine the case .
The suit , Rasul v. Rumsfeld , charges numerous Bush administration officials with " violations of the Alien Tort Statute ( ATS ) , the Fifth and Eighth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution , the Geneva Conventions , and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ) , " CCR said .
" In its first filing on detention and torture under the Obama administration , the Department of Justice filed briefs in March urging the Court of Appeals to reject any constitutional or statutory rights for detainees , " says a release .
" The Obama Justice Department further argued that even if such rights were recognized , the Court should rule that the previous administrations officials who ordered and approved torture and abuse of the plaintiffs should be immune from liability for their actions . "
" [ The ] Court reaffirmed its decision from last year that detainees are not ' persons ' for the purposes of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which was enacted in 1993 to protect against government actions that unreasonably interfere with religious practices , " the release continued .
" Last year , Judge Janice Rogers Brown , a member of the Court of Appeals panel who issued the decision today , referred to the Courts holding that detainees are not ' persons ' as ' a most regrettable holding in a case where plaintiffs have alleged high - level U.S. government officials treated them as less than human . ' "
The full press release from the Center for Constitutional Rights follows .
####
Court Of Appeals Rules Detainees Are Not  Persons  in Guantánamo Torture Suit
Court Agrees with Obama Administration that Detainees Still Have No Constitutional Right Not to Be Tortured
April 24 , 2009 Washington , D.C. 
In a suit brought by British men imprisoned for two years at Guantanamo , the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals today reaffirmed its previous ruling that Guantanamo detainees lack the fundamental constitutional right not to be tortured and are not persons  under a U.S. statute protecting religious freedom .
Last summer , the Supreme Court directed the Court of Appeals to reconsider its previous decision in Rasul v. Rumsfeld , in light of the High Courts decision in Boumediene v. Bush , which recognized the constitutional right of habeas corpus for Guantanamo detainees .
The plaintiffs urged the Court of Appeals to follow the clear logic of the Boumediene decision and to recognize both the constitutional rights of the detainees to humane and just treatment and the fact that , under any definition of the word , they are persons  entitled to religious freedom and dignity as required by law .
 We re not surprised by the Courts ruling , but we are disappointed .
The Court failed to follow the Supreme Courts decision in Boumediene and ignored its own prior decisions holding that habeas corpus is not analytically distinct from other fundamental constitutional rights ,  said Eric L. Lewis , of the Washington , DC law firm of Baach Robinson & Lewis , which is lead counsel for the four men in their lawsuit .
 If you get habeas , you should get the other fundamental rights that are guaranteed under the Constitution . "
In its first filing on detention and torture under the Obama administration , the Department of Justice filed briefs in March urging the Court of Appeals to reject any constitutional or statutory rights for detainees .
The Obama Justice Department further argued that even if such rights were recognized , the Court should rule that the previous administrations officials who ordered and approved torture and abuse of the plaintiffs should be immune from liability for their actions .
" This is a question about accountability for torture and abuse .
It s a disgrace to have a U.S. court stating that Guantánamo detainees are not persons .
It would be a shame to have our new President supporting such a position in the Supreme Court .
It was bad enough for the Obama Administration to take this position at this stage .
We hope that they reconsider , " stated Michael Ratner , President of the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) .
 Boumediene acknowledged that the fundamental rights we take for granted apply to persons in U.S. custody at Guantanamo .
This decision runs directly counter to that principle . "
In its decision today , the Court rejected the detainees argument that the Boumediene decision compelled the recognition of fundamental constitutional rights for detainees .
Instead , the Court of Appeals held that the Supreme Courts Boumediene decision applied only to the right of habeas corpus , and that no additional constitutional rights could be extended to detainees unless the Supreme Court specifically authorized and approved such rights .
In addition , the Court reaffirmed its decision from last year that detainees are not persons for the purposes of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , which was enacted in 1993 to protect against government actions that unreasonably interfere with religious practices .
Last year , Judge Janice Rogers Brown , a member of the Court of Appeals panel who issued the decision today , referred to the Courts holding that detainees are not persons  as a most regrettable holding in a case where plaintiffs have alleged high - level U.S. government officials treated them as less than human . 
This statement is noticeably absent from Judge Browns substantively identical concurring opinion issued today .
For more information on Rasul v. Rumsfeld , click here .
The Center for Constitutional Rights is dedicated to advancing and protecting the rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Founded in 1966 by attorneys who represented civil rights movements in the South , CCR is a non-profit legal and educational organization committed to the creative use of law as a positive force for social change .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
I 've got some good news today : the Android 1.5 SDK , release 1 is ready !
Grab it from the download page .
For an overview of the new Android 1.5 features , see the 1.5 release notes page in our developer site .
I am also happy to let you know that our partners at HTC have made available new system images to upgrade your Android Dev Phone 1 ( ADP1 ) to Android 1.5 .
This new version ( which is only available for the ADP1 ) is based on the Cupcake branch from the Android Open Source Project and corresponds to the system image of the Android 1.5 SDK , release 1 .
If you have questions about the process of updating your device , you can ask the mailing list that we 've set up .
I 'd also like to note that Android developer phones like the ADP1 are intended for application development , rather than daily use .
Additionally , they are operator - neutral and country - neutral , so they may not include certain features found on end - user devices .
Calls On FDA To Reconsider Making Plan B Available To All Women Without a Prescription
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON – The American Civil Liberties Union today heralded a federal court decision ordering the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to expand access to emergency contraception — also known as Plan B or the " morning after " pill .
Today 's decision orders the FDA to make Plan B available within 30 days without a prescription to women 17 and older .
Moreover , it calls on the FDA to reconsider whether to approve Plan B for over - the - counter status without age restrictions .
" Today 's decision is an important victory that will help increase women 's access to contraception , " said Louise Melling , Director of the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project .
" It is the first step toward ending years of political interference by the FDA regarding Plan B and will give more women the opportunity to prevent an unintended pregnancy . "
In May 2004 , the FDA denied over - the - counter status to the emergency contraceptive , Plan B , disregarding the near - unanimous recommendation of a panel of FDA advisors to allow the drug to be sold without a prescription .
FDA staff as well as the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists , the American Public Health Association , and other medical organizations also supported the recommendation .
After public outcry , in August of 2006 , the FDA decided to allow pharmacies to sell Plan B without a prescription , but only to women 18 and older with government - issued proof of age .
At the time , the ACLU warned that the age restriction was arbitrary and the proof - of - age restriction infringed on privacy rights .
In today 's decision the court repeatedly criticizes the FDA for allowing politics to interfere in its decision - making process and notes that " the record is clear that the FDA 's course of conduct regarding Plan B departed in significant ways from the agency 's normal procedures regarding similar applications to switch a drug product from prescription to non-prescription use . "
The court also states that " the FDA 's denial of non-prescription access without age restriction went against the recommendation of a committee of experts it had empanelled to advise it on Plan B ; and the Commissioner – at the behest of political actors –decided to deny non-prescription access to women 16 and younger before FDA scientific review staff had completed their reviews . "
" We are hopeful that the FDA under President Obama will respect the scientific evidence and act in a timely manner to make Plan B available to all women without a prescription , " said Vania Leveille , ACLU Legislative Counsel .
" Today 's decision is a welcome sign , putting health care needs and scientific evidence above political machinations . "
The lawsuit Tummino v. von Eschenbach was filed on January 21 , 2005 , by the Center for Reproductive Rights in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York on behalf of the Association of Reproductive Health Professionals , National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health , and individuals from a grassroots advocacy group , the Morning - After Pill Conspiracy .
BOEHNER ACCIDENTALLY TELLS THE TRUTH ….
Once in a great while , the House Minority Leader strays from the script .
It ’s safe to assume he ’d like to take this one back .
While cable news outlets and major newspapers continue to use euphemisms such as “ harsh interrogation tactics ” to describe the Bush administration ’s approach to intelligence gathering , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) used a more succinct term Thursday : “ torture . ”
“ Last week , they released these memos outlining torture techniques .
That was clearly a political decision and ignored the advice of their Director of National Intelligence and their CIA director , ” Boehner said at a press conference in the Capitol .
The techniques discussed include waterboarding , slamming detainees into walls , and depriving them of sleep for up to 11 days .
The problem , of course , is that Boehner accidentally told the truth .
The memos did point to “ torture techniques . ”
He ’s just not supposed to think so .
Later , in the same press conference , Boehner said the very discussion of torture is “ inappropriate , ” because it could “ denigrate ” the United States .
( More than the torture itself ? )
Reporters pressed the Minority Leader on why Americans should n’t know what ’s being done in their name .
TORCHWOOD.tv Archives October 2005 ( 16 ) November 2005 ( 26 ) December 2005 ( 25 ) January 2006 ( 20 ) February 2006 ( 17 ) March 2006 ( 20 ) April 2006 ( 27 ) May 2006 ( 23 ) June 2006 ( 15 ) July 2006 ( 16 ) August 2006 ( 12 ) September 2006 ( 21 ) October 2006 ( 83 ) November 2006 ( 38 ) December 2006 ( 28 ) January 2007 ( 27 ) February 2007 ( 33 ) March 2007 ( 18 ) April 2007 ( 19 ) May 2007 ( 19 ) June 2007 ( 20 ) July 2007 ( 21 ) August 2007 ( 13 ) September 2007 ( 8 ) October 2007 ( 9 ) November 2007 ( 11 ) December 2007 ( 21 ) January 2008 ( 44 ) February 2008 ( 21 ) March 2008 ( 14 ) April 2008 ( 9 ) May 2008 ( 3 ) June 2008 ( 14 ) July 2008 ( 6 ) August 2008 ( 5 ) September 2008 ( 5 ) October 2008 ( 6 ) November 2008 ( 3 ) December 2008 ( 5 ) January 2009 ( 4 ) February 2009 ( 12 ) March 2009 ( 14 ) April 2009 ( 17 ) May 2009 ( 8 ) June 2009 ( 20 ) July 2009 ( 22 ) August 2009 ( 1 ) September 2009 ( 2 ) November 2009 ( 1 ) December 2009 ( 1 ) January 2010 ( 2 ) April 2010 ( 1 ) June 2010 ( 1 ) August 2010 ( 2 ) August 2011 ( 1 ) October 2013 ( 1 ) January 2015 ( 1 ) May 2015 ( 1 ) August 2015 ( 12 ) September 2015 ( 10 ) October 2015 ( 3 ) November 2015 ( 4 ) December 2015 ( 1 ) March 2016 ( 7 ) April 2016 ( 1 ) September 2016 ( 1 ) January 2017 ( 5 ) February 2017 ( 1 ) August 2017 ( 1 )
Any solution to global climate change will eventually have to involve the whole globe , not just the richest countries .
That 's why deals like the one announced Tuesday between Pasadena 's eSolar and the Indian conglomerate Acme Group are essential to any truly green global future .
ESolar will sell Acme 1,000 megawatts worth of solar thermal technology , so that the latter can build a network of solar power plants in India 's northern state of Haryana .
" India is an enormous electricity market with enormous demand for growth , " said Rob Rogan , vice president of corporate communications for eSolar .
" We see this as our chance to be part of a long - term renewable energy solution in India . "
To date , most wind and solar power has been deployed in the rich , industrialized nations .
A 2008 report found that the world 's developed countries had installed 207 gigawatts of renewable - power generation , excluding large hydro .
That 's only a few percent of the rich countries ' power generation , but it 's a lot more than the 88 gigawatts of clean power that had been built in the developing world .
Now , even with the Obama - led United States looking increasingly green - friendly , that trend could reverse .
Falling renewable - energy costs and the desire to use domestic energy sources have helped green tech make inroads in fast - growing countries .
Renewable - energy investments jumped 91 percent in 2007 in China . and India expects add 6 gigawatts of wind power between 2007 and 2012 .
Here we present five of the largest green tech projects that have broken ground , or plan to , in 2009 .
Each one of them is slated to be among the largest green - tech projects in the world .
Though each is as big as a large coal plant , your average fossil fuel plant will generate more kilowatt - hours because they can burn round the clock every day the year , not just when the sun is shining or the wind blowing .
( It 's difficult to find out the exact number and size of solar , wind and geothermal projects in the developing world :
The English - language paper trail is disappointingly thin .
If you know about other projects or initiatives that are planned or complete , let us know in the Comments section , so we can add them . )
Leyte Geothermal Field
Location : Leyte , Philippines
Current capacity : 708.5 megawatts
Planned capacity : 708.5 megawatts
The jumble of tectonic plates underneath the Philippines has created the perfect situation for tapping geothermal power , particularly at the five - plant array of sites near Leyte .
Geothermal development has gone so well that a major energy producer swore off coal in January of this year , choosing to buy into the government - run geothermal company , Energy Development Corporation , instead .
Geothermal power has already had marked success in the developing world , as can be seen in the chart .
That 's because , when the geological conditions are right , geothermal can be downright cheap .
( Chart : Marin Katusa , Chief Investment Strategist , Casey Research Group )
Suzlon Wind Farm
Location : Near Dhule , India
Current capacity : 650 megawatts
Planned capacity : 1,000 megawatts
Estimated completion date : 2010
Built by Suzlon , a homegrown Indian energy compay , the Suzlon wind farm near Dhule will be the world 's largest when it 's completed in 2010 .
Already , it 's creeping up on Florida Light and Power 's Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center , which has a capacity of 735 megawatts .
It 's the brainchild of Tulsi Tanti , Suzlon 's founder and something of an international hero — but not everyone is happy about Tanti 's low - cost approach to wind - farm development .
Der Spiegel reported that the farmers who toil under the giant turbines are demanding more money for their land .
" If Suzlon refuses to pay , the farmers block the access routes with their buffaloes , " the magazine wrote .
( Image : flickr / ramkrsna )
Acme Solar Thermal Plants
Location : Haryana , India
Current capacity : 0 megawatts
Planned capacity : 1,000 megawatts
Estimated completion date : 2019
Acme , an Indian technology conglomerate , announced its intentions to build up to 1,000 megawatts of solar thermal power Tuesday .
The company providing the technology , eSolar , makes 46 - megawatt modular power plants that concentrate the sun 's rays onto a central boiler to generate steam to drive a turbine .
ESolar's
Rob Rogan said that the companies would break ground on the first 100
megawatts of solar power within the year .
Qaidam Basin Solar PV Installaton
Location : Qinghai Province , China
Current capacity : 0 megawatts
Planned capacity : 1,000 megawatts
Estimated completion date : ?
Two local Chinese firms announced their intentions to install up to 1,000 megawatts of solar photovoltaic panels in northwestern China in January .
The China Technology Development Group Corporation and Qinghai New Energy Company will start with a more modest 30
megawatts .
They expect to break ground during 2009 .
Econcern Wind Farms
Location : ?
Current capacity : 0 megawatts
Planned capacity : 720 megawatts
Estimated completion date : ?
The Dutch energy company Econcern will partner with a major Chinese oil firm and a hydroelectric company to build four wind farms that will generate around 720 megawatts of power .
Work is expected to begin this year , but
Econcern 's CEO recently admitted that the clean - energy industry faces a serious slowdown that could cause his company to cut jobs .
9:30 AM PST : This post was updated to include the chart about geothermal power production around the world , which was received after the publication of the story .
See Also :
Image at top of post : The Tongonan geothermal plant in the Philippines .
flickr / penmanila
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
( Mexico City ) - Mexico is failing to hold members of the military who commit human rights violations accountable , undercutting its efforts to curb drug - related violence and improve public security , Human Rights Watch said in a report released today .
The 76 - page report , " Uniform Impunity : Mexico 's Misuse of Military Justice to Prosecute Abuses in Counternarcotics and Public Security Operations , " details 17 cases involving military abuses against more than 70 victims , including several cases from 2007 and 2008 .
The abuses include killings , torture , rapes , and arbitrary detentions .
Not one of the military investigations into these crimes has led to a conviction for even a single soldier on human rights violations .
The only civilian investigation into any of these cases led to the conviction of four soldiers .
" The need to improve public security in Mexico is clear , " said José Miguel Vivanco , Americas director at Human Rights Watch .
" But , to be effective , any strategy to address security must also deal with the rampant impunity for military abuses committed during public security operations . "
The abuses continue because they go unpunished , the report says , in large part because most cases are investigated and prosecuted by the military itself through a system that lacks basic safeguards to ensure independence and impartiality .
Among the problems with the military justice system are that the secretary of defense wields both executive and judicial power over the armed forces , military judges have little job security and may reasonably fear that they will be removed if they adopt decisions that the secretary dislikes , civilian review of military court decisions is very limited , and there is virtually no public scrutiny of military investigations and trials .
As a result , the report says , the Mexican military court system is failing miserably to provide justice in cases involving military abuses against civilians .
In a May 2007 case , for example , soldiers detained eight people after a shootout between the military and alleged drug traffickers .
Soldiers took the detainees , none of whom were involved in the shootout , to military installations , where the soldiers beat and kicked four of them , placing their heads in black bags , and forcing them to lie on the floor blindfolded .
A federal prosecutor requested that the military investigate the soldiers .
The military closed its criminal investigation in a month and sent it to the archives , arguing there was no evidence that the soldiers had committed a crime .
In another example from August 2007 , five soldiers detained a man , held him incommunicado in military installations for over 24 hours , beat and kicked him , placed a cloth bag on his head , tied his arms and feet , poured water on his face while they hit his abdomen , and applied electric shocks to his stomach .
A federal prosecutor requested that a military prosecutor investigate the case .
Despite the existence of medical exams documenting the torture , the military closed its investigation , determining it did not find evidence that the soldiers had committed a crime .
The report notes that Human Rights Watch asked senior Ministry of Defense officials in January 2009 for examples of serious human rights violations prosecuted by the military that resulted in the conviction and imprisonment of military personnel .
The officials responded that there had been many such cases , but were only able to recall one case , from 1998 .
Despite repeated requests from Human Rights Watch , the Ministry of Defense has failed to provide a list of such cases and a copy of the decision in the 1998 case .
The military invokes the Code of Military Justice , which grants jurisdiction to military courts when military officers commit common crimes while " in service , " and a strained constitutional interpretation to justify exerting jurisdiction over the abuse cases , the report says .
Civilian prosecutors have generally backed off when the military seeks jurisdiction over a case .
But this outcome is not prescribed by Mexico's Constitution , which allows for military jurisdiction only for " crimes and faults against military discipline . "
It is also inconsistent with a recent binding Supreme Court decision , which defined military " service " as " performing the inherent activities of the position that [ he or she ] is carrying out . "
While the court did not explicitly state that all military abuses against civilians should be sent to civilian prosecutors and courts , serious abuses such as rape and torture clearly cannot be considered " inherent activities " of the military .
The military 's practice is also inconsistent with international standards requiring effective , independent investigation and prosecution of abuses .
" Mexico has failed to take the issue of military abuses seriously , " said Vivanco .
" Until it does , its stated commitment to the rule of law means very little . "
A Human Rights
Watch delegation led by Executive Director Kenneth Roth presented the report 's findings this week to several members of President Calderón 's cabinet , including the interior minister , the federal attorney general , and the military attorney general .
Human Rights
Watch urged the Calderón administration to ensure that serious military abuses against civilians are prosecuted by civilian officials in civilian courts .
Some bloggers and social media communities are taking exception today to Amazon 's removal from its sales rankings of gay or lesbian books it considered " adult " in nature .
Mark R. Probst , a gay romance author whose book was included in the action , writes in his LiveJournal blog :
On Amazon.com two days ago , mysteriously , the sales rankings disappeared from two newly - released high profile gay romance books : “ Transgressions ” by Erastes and “ False Colors ” by Alex Beecroft .
Everybody was perplexed .
Was it a glitch of some sort ?
The very next day HUNDREDS of gay and lesbian books simultaneously lost their sales rankings , including my book “ The Filly . ”
There was buzz , What ’s going on ?
Does Amazon have some sort of campaign to suppress the visibility of gay books ?
Probst received the following reply after contacting Amazon through his Amazon Advantage account :
In consideration of our entire customer base , we exclude " adult " material from appearing in some searches and best seller lists .
Since these lists are generated using sales ranks , adult materials must also be excluded from that feature .
Probst also notes , however , that Amazon has de-ranked heterosexual romance novels in its erotica section .
So the allegation is not so much that Amazon is removing all gay romance ( some still remains ) , but rather questioning whether Amazon 's standards for what constitutes " adult " material are biased against homosexual romance .
It should also be noted that Amazon still sells these books : they simply no longer appear in public sales rankings .
In the comments of that post , and elsewhere on LiveJournal , readers have been searching Amazon to find bias in the books removed from the rankings .
The examples found do appear to hold water : for instance , the aforementioned post claims that the raciest section in The Well of Loneliness , one of the novels no longer ranked , is the phrase " And that night they were not divided . "
Another , False Colours is a historical novel about a gay relationship with a single , non-explicit sex scene , explains the same source .
The classic novel Lady Chatterley 's Lover has also been removed from rankings .
Growing Backlash
The book blog Booksquare has posted an open letter to Amazon regarding the change , and the topic " #amazonfail " has been trending on Twitter for most of Sunday .
Whatever Amazon 's response to the issue , they 'll need to respond quickly and publicly to the allegations .
iSTDLISP = Portable Standard Lisp + iPhone
This is an iPhone port of our implentation of " Portable Utah Standard Lisp " .
Your iPhone needs to be jailbroken .
It will run on a terminal on the iPhone .
You can do this by a ssh connection to your iPhone or a terminal program on it .
The UTAH STANDARD LISP dialect is defined in Standard Lisp Report , SIGPLAN Notices , ACM , New York , 14 , No 10 ( 1979 ) pp48-68 .
( This is a ynamically bound Lisp dialect )
, ACM , New York , , No 10 ( 1979 ) pp48-68 .
( This is a ynamically bound Lisp dialect )
Our implementation of the interpreter is purely coded in C ( no single line of assembly ) and is not stack but ' register based ' .
Our implementation implements also a LISP ->C compiler where the Lisp ->LAP phase is based on the work of " A Portable LISP Compiler " , Software - Practice and Experience , 11 , ( 1981 ) , pp541-605 by Griss & Hearn .
The LAP ->C
Phase is written by us .
( The compiler is not ported to iPhone , yet .
But it is quite possible to compile a lisp code on any other platform , then move the C code to a jailbroken iPhone which is equipped with gcc compiler and compile it there .
The " Portable Utah Standard Lisp " site of us is in hold of the documentation required for a compilation .
You can get the iPhone executable from here with GPL restrictions .
It is a single stand alone executable .
Put it anywhere you like on your iPhone by a sftp and run it from there .
There is no push - the - icon activation of it .
If you have confidence problems in navigating in the Unix environment of the iPhone probably it is better for you to call it off .
Below is a sequence of benchmarks which you can try to make shure your lisp is functioning error free .
TEST 1
Transfer the files factorial.lsp , t.lsp , rprint.lsp to the same directory where you put istdlisp .
Run istdlisp in your terminal ( $ is the OS prompt )
( You can do this directly with the terminal utility on the iPhone , but it is certainly not so pleasent to type in through the virtual keyboard .
As an alternative you may prefer to login to your iPhone with ssh ( anyway , it 's up to you : ) ) : $ ./istdlisp
You shall get a startup header which looks the same as the first two lines of the picture on the left .
Then the interpreter will greet you with its evaluation prompt : eval : Now type in : ( load " factorial.lsp " )
The interpreter will respond with a value that is the name of the function it just learned : factorial .
When it is your turn ( you got the eval : prompt ) , enter something like
( factorial 33 )
You shall get the value that you see in the screen on your left .
Namely :
8683317618811886495518194401280000000
You can enjoy the division of two big numbers 100!/99 ! and obtain the 100 by :
( quotient ( factorial 100 ) ( factorial 99 ) )
TEST 2
Now type in : ( load " t.lsp " )
When the file is loaded , now type in :
( tak 18 12 6 ) this will make about 63609 recursive calls to the function tak .
Considering also the other function calls the total number of function calls sums up to 111315 .
Enjoy the speed of this process !
TEST 3
Now type in : ( load " rprint.lsp " )
When the file is loaded , now type in :
( show " factorial.lsp " ) rprint.lsp contains a lisp -> alisp ( algol - like syntax lisp ) converter .
The function call show reads a lisp code that is in the file given to it as argument , and translates it to alisp ( yes , it is much more readable :) ) .
You shall get a print out of :
symbolic procedure factorial n ; if n=0 then 1 else n*factorial sub1 n ; ! $eof ! $ ;
The Pirate Bay " spectrial " has ended in a guilty verdict , prison sentences for the defendants , and a shared 30 million kronor ( $ 3.5 million ) fine .
According to the Swedish district court , the operators of the site were guilty of assisting copyright infringement , even though The Pirate Bay hosted none of the files in question and even though other search engines like Google also provide direct access to illegal . torrent files .
These two points formed the basis of The Pirate Bay 's defense , but the court found them ultimately unpersuasive in its 107 page verdict .
" By providing a site with , as the district court found , sophisticated search functions , easy upload and storage , and a website linked to the tracker , " the defendants were guilty of assisting copyright infringement , the court said .
In an Internet press conference this morning , defendant Peter Sunde Kolmisoppi compared the whole trial to ( of all things )
The Karate Kid , a movie in which the good guy is roughed up by bullies , goes through a long training process , learns to " wax on , wax off , " encounters his bully again in the final round of a karate tournament , and kicks him in the face with his " crane technique . "
Kolmisoppi sees parallels .
In the end , he insists , " we 'll kick their ass . "
This might seem a strange position coming from someone facing a year in prison , but The Pirate Bay defendants say that this is only the first round in a lengthy process .
An appeal will be filed , and the spirited rhetoric will continue .
( Speaking of paying the fine , Kolmisoppi said that he " would rather burn everything I own and not even give them the dust from the burning " than pay up , even if he had the money to do so . )
The 30 million kronor judgment is reduced from the 117 million kronor fine initially sought by content owners , but it remains a significant sum .
The prosecutor insisted throughout the case that the three Pirate Bay admins had grown fat on ad revenues , though the men always denied that the site was anything more than a hobby in which most of the money went to pay hosting and equipment bills .
Fourth defendant Carl Lundstr?m , an heir to the Wasabr?d cracker fortune and alleged supporter of right - wing political groups , appears to be good for the money , though his interest in The Pirate Bay was more tangential — he used his telecom company to help the site with hosting and Internet access .
International music trade group IFPI was suitably thrilled by today 's news .
CEO John Kennedy , who appeared as a witness during the trial , said that the case " was about defending the rights of creators , confirming the illegality of the service and creating a fair environment for legal music services that respect the rights of the creative community .
Today ’s verdict is the right outcome on all three counts . "
The verdict itself was leaked yesterday , with the defendants first learning their fate from a journalist .
" Really , it 's a bit LOL , " Kolmisoppi wrote on Twitter .
" It used to be only movies , now even verdicts are out before the official release . "
It was a fitting end to this spectacle of a trial , which opened with The Pirate Bay driving a city bus up from Belgrade to Stockholm , saw the prosecutor dismiss half the charges on the first day , and featured the astonishing claim that 80 percent of the material on the site was legal .
Despite schooling Big Content on public relations throughout the trial , the defendants could not prevail in court .
In comments today , Kolmisoppi argues that the whole trial was political in nature , even going so far as to call the district court a " dice court " because its verdicts are so random .
No word yet on the ultimate fate of The Pirate Bay , which at the moment remains active .
Read the complete verdict in Swedish .
' F - bombed ' Cramer whines about criticism from Stewart David Edwards and Ron Brynaert
Published : Tuesday March 10 , 2009
Print This Email This CNBC's Jim Cramer got defensive when NBC's Meredith Vieira asked him about continued criticism by Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart , who on Monday night also dropped a censored 'f - bomb ' on the Mad Money host .
" I just saw John Stewart rip Cramer for claiming that he did n't say Bear Stearns stock was a good buy days before it went bust , " a blogger at The Daily Banter wrote after Monday 's Daily Show aired .
" After showing several clips in which Cramer does just that , the brilliant Mr. Stewart simply said ' FUCK YOU !. ' "
Cramer admitted he is n't always right with his predictions .
" Did I make a mistake ?
Okay , first of all , any time you recommend a stock and it goes down , you 've made a mistake , " confessed Cramer .
The CNBC host tried to defend himself .
" I did come on [ The Today Show ] and tell everyone to sell , and when Stewart makes that call , I 'm all over him , but he wo n't do that , because he 's a comedian , " he said .
Gawker mocks , " Poor exasperated Cramer does n't seem to understand why everybody 's hassling him when all he 's doing is his job , which is to predict the future !
' Jim has to go out every day and make these calls , ' said his CNBC colleague Erin Burnett , leaping to his defense .
He has to !
You can't expect him to be correct all the time . "
Last Wednesday , Stewart took aim at Cramer and his colleagues at CNBC , including newly minted populist and former derivatives trader Rick Santelli , by joking ,  I have to say I find cheap populism oddly arousing . 
This video is from NBC's The Today Show , broadcast Mar. 10 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast Mar. 9 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Former vice president Dick Cheney leaves George Washington University Hospital after undergoing a procedure to correct an abnormal heartbeat in Washington , in this October 15 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Mitch Dumke
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Secretary of State Hillary Clinton took aim on Wednesday at former Vice President Dick Cheney , telling lawmakers she did not view him as a “ particularly reliable source ” on issues of torture .
Asked about Cheney ’s request this week to declassify documents showing the “ success ” of some widely condemned , harsh interrogation techniques launched by ex-President George W. Bush after the September 11 attacks , Clinton had a caustic reply .
“ It wo n’t surprise you that I do n’t consider him ( Cheney ) a particularly reliable source , ” Clinton told the House of Representatives foreign affairs committee .
Last week , the Democratic Obama administration released classified Bush - era legal memos detailing the interrogation program , which symbolized U.S. excesses in fighting terrorism after the September 11 attacks .
Clinton said she backed a “ nonpolitical ” , “ nonpartisan ” review of the interrogation program .
“ I believe we ought to get to the bottom of this entire matter .
I think it is in the best interest of our country and that is what the president believes , ” she said .
The White House spokesman on Tuesday also addressed Cheney ’s comments , saying Obama had had a policy disagreement with Cheney on this issue for at least two years .
“ That policy disagreement is whether or not you can uphold the values in which this country was founded at the same time that you protect the citizens that live in that country .
( The ) president of the United States in this administration believes that you can .
The vice president has come to , in our opinion , a different conclusion , ” spokesman Robert Gibbs said .
Cheney , who has served several Republican presidents , has emerged as one of the more outspoken critics of the Obama administration among former Bush officials .
" The next thing is that you have to get the consistency of the mix spot on - it can't be too runny as if it is the pancake just falls to bits .
They gather in packs at night , usually just past dusk , and assemble behind buildings and alleyways .
Empty bags in hand , they move at a steady pace , stalking large dumpsters and garbage cans for food , clothing and other treasures to be found .
Often , they take home enough to sustain them for weeks on end .
Meet the freegans : a group of crusaders dedicated to saving the environment and saving money at the same time .
They may have started as an underground community , but these days the group could include your next - door neighbor , roommate , or your boss .
Their cost - cutting approach may be unconventional , but experts say it ’s paying off and catching on .
“ The whole idea of ‘ green economics ’ and cheap living has led to a renewed interest in freeganism , ” says Jeff Ferrell , a professor of sociology at Texas Christian University and author of the book Empire of Scrounge .
“ It ’s a great way to decrease harm on the environment while also keeping your costs down . ”
What Is Freeganism ?
A freegan is someone who avoids using money to acquire food and other goods .
Spun out of the anti-globalization movement of the mid '90s , freeganism began as a reactionary lifestyle to consumerism , gluttony and greed .
Freegans believed they could obtain food and other necessities for free , thereby avoiding big businesses and reducing their consumption of resources .
The word “ freegan ” takes its name from the word “ vegan , ” as members support a " cruelty - free ” agenda that avoids meat and dairy .
Today , freeganism also extends to non-vegetarians , as well as non-edible things like clothing , books and furniture .
Most freegans find things by dumpster diving or gathering outside a store and sorting through the trash .
Others use a barter system to obtain goods and services , while some rely on collectives that promote the sharing of things like bicycles and cars .
Become a Freegan
If you want to do form your own group , Ferrell says it ’s important to understand how your city works .
“ Before you go out , educate yourself about the rhythm and timing of your neighborhood , ” he says .
“ Find out when the college dorms are being cleaned out , or when the donut shop throws out its food . ”
Of course , a simple Google search ( Stock Quote : GOOG ) can connect you with freegan groups in your city .
New York resident Peter Lee always had bread to eat in college , thanks to the local sandwich shop .
The shop baked fresh loaves daily , and whatever did n’t sell would be thrown out .
Lee spoke to the manager and found out what time each day a new batch of bread was taken out .
He would then head over to the shop and bring home all the bread from the day before .
“ It was basically day - old bread , ” recalls Lee , “ so it was still fresher than what we bought at the grocery store . ”
Common Myths
Although most people would find the idea of foraging for items in a dumpster unsanitary and unsafe , Ferrell says it ’s important to remember that grocery stores have plenty of reasons to throw away food that is perfectly fresh , clean and edible .
Ferrell says he often takes home bags of oranges that are thrown out simply because one of the oranges was damaged .
Other times , grocery stores are clearing their shelves to make room for a newer shipment of a product .
Will Parson , a San Diego - based photographer , became a freegan after documenting a group of dumpster divers in the city .
He says it 's easy to find sealed food with an expiration date that is months away .
“ I 've found dozens of gallons of milk one night , and dozens of bags of chips another , ” he says , adding : “ The excessive packaging around many foods makes it very easy to pick them from the dumpster unscathed . ”
Freegans are n’t limited to finding just food .
Ferrell says he ’s found tools , jewelry and money in the trash , thanks to people cleaning out their workspace or closets .
Just the other day , he took home an antique crystal vase .
Another myth : Dumpster diving does n’t really involve diving anymore .
Ferrell says it ’s easier to sort through boxes and garbage bags along the curb .
But if he ’s drawn to a particular dumpster , he ’ll always bring along a long pole to help him reach what he wants .
He notes that he always asks permission before sorting through someone ’s trash .
“ Sometimes a homeowner will actually bring me other things from their house , once they find out what I ’m doing , ” he says .
Saving Money
Freeganism may have started as an anti-consumerist subculture , but these days , its principles can be applied to the general public .
“ Once you get the hang of it , you can find just about anything in the dumpster , ” says Parson , “ so it 's a good idea to think before buying something brand new that you might find used from a friend or discarded in the trash . ”
“ We ’re like modern - day treasure hunters , ” adds Ferrell .
And as the saying goes , one man ’s trash is another man 's treasure .
Related Stories :
No Cash , No Problem : Bartering Booms Online
5 Ways to Be a Better Barterer
How to Plan a No- Spend Weekend
— For the best rates on loans , bank accounts and credit cards , enter your ZIP code at BankingMyWay.com .
" Oh , what 's that ?
So now you say life sucks ?
Well , 99 % of it 's what you make of it .
So if your life sucks , you suck . "
- Suicidal Tendencies from Gotta Kill Captain Stupid
Few places on earth have been as systematically brutalized over the past decade as Chechnya .
So you might have thought that the Russian government 's decision last week to declare an end to its " counterterrorism " operations in the territory would have been an occasion for somber reflection in the Western media .
Forget it .
It 's a 600 - word news item at best .
Here 's a contrast to ponder .
Since the beginning of the second intifada in the autumn of 2000 , roughly 6,000 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli fire .
That figure includes ...
WASILLA , Alaska , April 3 ( UPI ) --
A woman identified as a sister - in - law of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has been arrested for allegedly breaking into a home this week to steal money , police said .
Diana Palin , 35 , the half - sister of Gov. Palin 's husband , Todd Palin , was arrested Thursday , the Anchorage ( Alaska ) Daily News reported Friday .
Police said Diana Palin broke into a Wasilla , Alaska , home twice -- stealing $ 400 Tuesday and returning Thursday .
Advertisement
The report did not say whether anything was taken in the second alleged break - in .
Diana Palin faces a felony first - degree burglary charge as well as misdemeanor charges of criminal trespass and theft , police said .
She was being held Friday in lieu of $ 10,000 bail and was awaiting court approval of a third - party custodian , the newspaper said .
Her husband , Scott McLean , said Friday his wife was a stay - at - home mom to the couple 's two young children , and he did not know why she might have done what she is accused of doing .
McLean told the Daily News police called him Thursday morning and asked him to come pick up the couple 's 4 - year - old daughter .
Todd Palin declined comment , the newspaper said .
Submitted by allison on Tue , 03/17/2009 - 21:54
You 're packing a suitcase for a place none of us has been
A place that has to be believed to be seen
You could have flown away
A singing bird in an open cage
Who will only fly , only fly for freedom ...
What you 've got they can't deny it
Ca n't sell it , ca n't buy it
Walk on ... — U2 , " Walk On "
On behalf of the Parrot team , I 'm proud to announce Parrot 1.0.0 " Haru Tatsu . "
Parrot is a virtual machine aimed at running all dynamic languages .
Parrot 1.0.0 is available on Parrot 's FTP site , or follow the download instructions .
For those who would like to develop on Parrot , or help develop Parrot itself , we recommend using Subversion on our source code repository to get the latest and best Parrot code .
Parrot 1.0.0
News :
- Documentation +
New user documentation for exceptions . + Updates to Chapters 4 & 5 of the Parrot book .
+
Improved and expanded generated HTML documentation , as the input for http://docs.parrot.org. + Added Compiled HTML Help ( .chm ) version of documentation .
+
Cleanups and fixes .
- Languages +
Pynie - left the nest and is now at http://pynie.googlecode.com/
+ Cardinal - left the nest and is now at http://github.com/cardinal + APL - left the nest and is now at http://paraplegic.googlecode.com/
+ ABC , Squaak , and Befunge moved to examples /. +
All remaining languages moved to https://svn.parrot.org/languages/
- Tools +
Support for language builds from an installed Parrot . +
Expanded language shell generator for new languages .
+ ' parrotbug ' utility repurposed for the Trac interface .
- Deprecations + Removed deprecated Tqueue and Closure PMCs . + String , Key , NCI , LexPad , Iterator , Sub , Continuation , RetContinuation , ExceptionHandler , ParrotLibrary , ParrotInterpreter , ParrotThread , ParrotRunningThread , Rational , FixedPMCArray , ResizablePMCArray , and GDBMHash PMCs now use declared attributes ( ATTR ) , in place of the deprecated UnionVal .
Thanks to all our contributors for making this possible , and our sponsors for supporting this project .
Our next release is 21 April 2009 .
Ultimate Sony PSP Mods and Designs Collection
The PSP console is one of the coolest handheld gaming consoles ever , and although we love it the way it is , we cannot keep ourselves from trying and modding it one way or another .
Some like to paint it into a cool design , some like to photoshop as a hopeful new PSP concept , and some really go all out and actually take it apart and put it back together shiny , new and with a cool theme .
While we usually present cool PS3 Mods , below we listed 20 of the coolest Sony PSP mods and designs created that combine modifications , concepts and other PSP hacks ; these vary by themes , colors , shape , style and design .
Some are somewhat old , while others really give us a prayer , hoping that the new PSP theme will really get the greenlight and Sony will adapt it .
Check them out and let us know which is your favorite , which Playstation Portable you can see becoming a reality and which does n’t make you look at it even twice .
PSP Gameboy Mod
This cool PSP mod is built into a Gameboy and is most likely a design or photoshop creation rather than the real thing , but I wonder if people would prefer this shape to the current PSP .
It is after all a Gameboy handheld that many are familiar with and perhaps even preferable .
Image Credit
New PSP 2
Fans are still waiting for Sony to do more than just upgrade the capabilities of the PSP , and provide something new …i.e a PSP Phone .
Until then , here are two PSP concepts ( one is top image above ) that may seem pretty innovative , but not both are as cool as we wish … which would you love to become the new PSP ?
Image 1 and 2
Black PSP with Red Buttons
I kind of wish I could call this PSP mod a ‘ Black and Tan ’ , but the actual buttons are Fire red .
We may already be familiar with the Black PSP , but the way the controller buttons were replaced with bright red controls makes it completely stand out .
It looks extremely chic and also a bit more innovative .
Image Credit
Warhammer 40 K PSP
This is a promotional PSP that was to publicize Warhammer 40 K and along with this cool PSP mod , a Nintendo DS one was created .
It is a great new look that is both refreshing and may combine the Warhammer 40 K fans with the Sony die hard fans … maybe it could be a beautiful friendship .
Image Credit
PSP Thumb Controller Mod
In case you love the PSP but wish it could feel a little more like a true PS3 Controller , then check out this cool mod from Ben Heck .
The Modding guru has added a thumb controller to the PSP , to act like the Analog thumbstick we are used to .
It is positioned a little bit different than the PS3 Dual Shock controller , but it may be a heck ( no pun intended ) of an upgrade .
Best part … that addition was made from a shredded Beef Jerky box .
Image Credit
PSP Hack with the PS3 Dual Shock Controller
This is a really handy PSP hack for those who are so used to the Dual Shock controller .
It ‘ simply ’ combines the PS3 controller , allowing PSP fans to use the loved and user friendly controller when playing the tiny handheld … just watch the PSP video below .
It was made by Christian Doran gets two thumbs up from me !
Image 1 and 2
God of War PSP
God of War 3 may be the highly anticipated game title for the PS3 , but its fanbase stretches beyond .
This GoW fan made a great tribute by making a cool mod within the Playstation Portable , so all you DS fans can just wish you had the game available to you .
Image Credit
Unique PSP
Themes
This cool Playstation Portable seems like a combination of the old and new ; a little bit of rust with some cool modern design .
It adds a different flavor to a tech gadget because of the colors and look , but I myself would n’t mind having such a unique design to play with .
This second PSP mod has a different color style and just off hand makes me think a skater could have it resting in their back pocket .
It also gives a sense of graffiti nature to it .
We were told the artists are unknown , so if you created it … let us know so we could add your name .
Image Credit 1 and 2
Color Changing PSP
This is an amazing paint job by TabsSpace !
By combining two beautiful colors , the PSP changes between Red and Green ( with gold in between ) as the angle changes .
It is like having two different Sony Handhelds in one .
Image Credit
SNES Controller PSP
Like we saw the Dual Shock PSP mod above , this is another one from Christian Doran which revisits blasphemy as well .
It combines the SNES controller from Nintendo to be used as an external controller for the PSP from Sony .
What is wrong with this picture ?
Image Credit
PSP Xbox 360 Controller
The rivalry between the Sony PS3 and Xbox 360 is well on its way , but why did they have to involve the PSP in it ?
It seems that some fanatic ( or perhaps Xbox 360 insider ) has decided to mod the PSP to have the controller buttons colored and look like the Xbox 360 controller .
On the one hand it makes it more colorful , on the other hand it is blasphemy .
You pick the side you are on .
Image Credit
Disco PSP
Playing music on the Playstation Portable has always been a great addition , but with the Disco lights … it has become a portable party .
This cool mod makes the PSP music get a makeover with flashy lights , and as bright as it is …the PSP deserves some time to party … not just its fans .
da Vinci Si Surgical System
Now even the clumsiest doctor can perform incredibly precise microsurgery with this latest da Vinci Si Surgical system , the only one in the world that operates in 3D HDTV .
Using four robotic arms and one channel of HD video for each eye , the system reduces and filters a surgeon ’s movements to an ultra-tiny scale , allowing minimally - invasive surgical procedures that are n’t possible using conventional means .
The major drawback is the extraordinary price of such paraphernalia , not mentioned anywhere in the marketing materials but undoubtedly reaching into the zillions of dollars .
But in today ’s cost - is - no - object business model of the insurance - rich , price - gouging medical industry , who cares ?
Doctors want it , insurance pays .
How much ?
Ask your doctor .
Via Dvice
— James Saft is a Reuters columnist .
The opinions expressed are his own —
While they have avoided the opprobrium heaped on bankers during the bear market , traditional active fund managers have quietly been proving that they too are often highly paid destroyers of value .
Active managers have few bushes left to hide behind , and the release of a new report from Standard & Poor ’s uproots one of the few left : that somehow they provide protection during down markets , being able to go into cash and defensive stocks .
Check out the study for the gory details but the takeaway is that across styles and markets the majority of active fund managers , often the vast majority , simply can’t manage money well enough to make up for their own costs and the costs of all of those trades .
Over the five year market cycle 2004 - 2008 , the S&P 500 outperformed 71.9 percent of actively managed large cap funds and most active funds in each of the nine U.S. domestic equity style boxes were outperformed by indices during the disaster of 2008 .
At least casinos offer free drinks and valet parking .
Beyond tighter regulation and controls on leverage , a good outcome from the current morass would be a fundamental re-think by holders of capital about what exactly it is they are paying for from investment managers .
Diversification ?
Not really , with so many closet index funds out there .
And spare me the argument that active managers earn their keep by holding company management ’s feet to the fire .
With precious few exceptions , this simply is not happening and arguably is a common good which individual investors are unwilling to pay for .
Most individual investors would likely be better off paying an annual fee for an asset allocation check - up and simply putting the advice to use via ETFs or index funds .
— At the time of publication James Saft did not own any direct investments in securities mentioned in this article .
He may be an owner indirectly as an investor in a fund —
Bremst GMX alle Mails aus , die von Strato - Servern kommen ?
Entsprechende Erfahrungen sind hier und dort beschrieben .
Als ich das las , fielen mir die Reklamationen von einigen Mandanten ein .
Diese hatten sich in den letzten Tagen beklagt , dass wir zugesagte Mails nicht senden .
Ich habe das mal anhand von zwei Mandanten überprüft , deren Klagen mir in Erinnerung sind .
Sie haben E - Mail - Adressen bei GMX .
Unser Büroaccount läuft über Strato .
Nach einigen Stunden scheinen die Mails dann doch in den Postfächern angekommen zu sein .
Vorhin noch eine kleine Kontrolle .
Mail vom Strato - Account an die Adresse lawblog@gmx .
de .
Nach gut 20 Minuten ist die Mail immer noch nicht da .
So was erhöht nicht unbedingt mein Vertrauen in einen E - Mail - Provider .
Schade , dass lawblog@gmail.com offenbar vergeben ist .
PITTSBURGH , April 21 - The longer women breastfeed , the lower their risk of heart attacks , strokes and cardiovascular disease , report University of Pittsburgh researchers in a study published in the May issue of Obstetrics & Gynecology .
" Heart disease is the leading cause of death for women , so it 's vitally important for us to know what we can do to protect ourselves , " said Eleanor Bimla Schwarz , M.D. , M.S. , assistant professor of medicine , epidemiology , and obstetrics , gynecology and reproductive sciences at the University of Pittsburgh .
" We have known for years that breastfeeding is important for babies ' health ; we now know that it is important for mothers ' health as well . "
According to the study , postmenopausal women who breastfed for at least one month had lower rates of diabetes , high blood pressure and high cholesterol , all known to cause heart disease .
Women who had breastfed their babies for more than a year were 10 percent less likely to have had a heart attack , stroke , or developed heart disease than women who had never breastfed .
Dr. Schwarz and colleagues found that the benefits from breastfeeding were long - term ― an average of 35 years had passed since women enrolled in the study had last breastfed an infant .
" The longer a mother nurses her baby , the better for both of them , " Dr. Schwarz pointed out .
" Our study provides another good reason for workplace policies to encourage women to breastfeed their infants . "
The findings are based on 139,681 postmenopausal women enrolled in the Women 's Health Initiative study of chronic disease , initiated in 1994 .
###
Co-authors of the study include Roberta Ray , M.S. , Fred Hutchinson Research Center ; Alison Stuebe , M.D. , University of North Carolina School of Medicine ; Matthew Allison , M.D. , University of California , San Diego ; Roberta Ness , M.D. , M.P.H. , University of Texas ; Matthew Freiberg , M.D. , University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine ; and Jane Cauley , Dr.P.H. , University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health .
The research was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health 's National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute and the National Institute of Child Health and Development .
A new paper in the journal Flavour and Fragrance points to an evolutionary explanation for women 's superior sense of smell relative to men : they use it to sniff out genetic deficiencies in potential mates .
" Women have a larger interest in reproductive events because they have fewer opportunities for passing on their genes than men , " said George Preti , a Monell Chemical Senses Center organic chemist …
" Men produce thousands of gametes every day , women just one every month , " Preti said .
" Their investment in a reproductive event is higher than men's , so they 're more biologically attuned to who they 're mating with . "
Preti and other pheromone researchers suspect that mammalian olfactory systems actually evolved to detect chemical traces of genetic incompatibility in the odors of potential mates .
Some time ago I gathered a list of 100 Exceptional Free Paper Models and Toys that was quite well received by the readers of this blog .
The amount and quality of paper craft models available for download is amazing .
Chances are that anything that ’s popular and geeky , has already been converted into a paper craft model .
Since Star Wars is both extremely popular and absolutely geeky , then it is not a surprise that loads of paper craft models are available on the web .
This gallery shows some beautiful StarWars pape models created by different papercraft artists .
Females of an Australian species of lizard rely on testosterone for a most unusual method of keeping amorous males off their back , researchers have found .
Evolutionary ecology Dr Devi Stuart - Fox of the University of Melbourne , and colleagues , report their findings online ahead of print publication in the Journal of Comparative Physiology A .
In most animals that use colourful displays for attraction , it 's usually the male that 's flashy , such as the peacock .
But the female Lake Eyre dragon lizard ( Ctenophorus maculosus ) is an exception .
She displays a bright orange belly and throat during parts of her breeding season , which researchers think is driven by the hormone testosterone .
Interestingly , the colour features prominently when the female wants to put off a male from copulating with her .
Stuart - Fox and colleagues took a close look at a number of female lizards taken from Lake Eyre in South Australia and observed what happened when they were in the company of males .
Persistent males
When Lake Eyre lizards copulate the male bites the female 's neck , climbs on top of her , wraps his tail around hers and inserts one of his two penises .
This can be hazardous to the health of the female because when the males bite them on the neck this can pierce the female 's spine and result in death .
Therefore once the female 's eggs have been fertilised , she will try to avoid mating .
But males are n't easily put off .
" The males are really persistent , " says Stuart - Fox .
" They try and force copulation and they harass females all through the breeding season . "
Unreceptive females scare off advancing males by taking on a threatening posture .
If this does n't work , they throw themselves on their backs and reveal their bright orange underside .
" Males can't actually force themselves onto a female when she 's on her back , " says Stuart - Fox .
Sex steroid
Stuart - Fox also measured the levels of sex steroids in blood samples taken from the lizards over time .
Progesterone and testosterone usually decrease once female lizards are no longer receptive to mating , but not in the Lake Eyre dragon lizard .
" They maintain high testosterone levels all through the reproductive cycle including when they were n't receptive later in the cycle , " says Stuart - Fox .
The researchers believe the testosterone is used to drive the female courtship rejection behaviours .
War of the sexes
Sexual conflict between persistent males and reluctant females has led to an evolutionary tit for tat involving all manner of behaviours , says Stuart - Fox .
" You get this runaway process where males evolve elaborate ways of trying to gain matings and females evolve elaborate ways of trying to avoid matings , " says Stuart - Fox .
But she wondered about the evolutionary benefit to females of spending time on their back , which makes it difficult for them to run away from predators .
Especially given they live in a rather drab landscape , the bright orange could be a flag to predators that says " come and get me " , says Stuart - Fox .
But she says more recent studies have suggested predators do not recognise the brightly - coloured female lizards as prey .
So , says Stuart - Fox , the risk of being vulnerable to prey is much lower than the risk of having unwanted sex .
TAIPEI ( Reuters ) - Coral reefs off the southeast coast of Taiwan have turned black with disease possibly due to sewage discharge , threatening fragile undersea ecosystems and tourism , a study released Friday said .
The discovery on a problem long suspected but seldom documented shows that coral is suffering widely in waters up to five meters ( 16.4 feet ) deep and 300 meters offshore from two outlying islands , said researcher Chen Chao-lun of Taiwan ’s state - funded Academia Sinica .
“ This is a large distribution and we had no previous information , ” said Chen , whose began doing research with local environmental groups in 2007 .
“ If you snorkel , you ’ll see it ’s black .
If it ’s all black , there wo n’t be too many tourists . ”
Coral reefs , delicate undersea structures resembling rocky gardens made by tiny animals called coral polyps , are important nurseries and shelters for fish and other sea life .
They also protect coastlines , provide a critical source of food for millions of people and are potential storehouses of medicines .
Taiwan ’s study did not pinpoint a cause for the diseased coral , but untreated sewage may a factor , Chen said .
On Green Island , a tourism hotspot and one the sites surrounded by diseased coral , garbage and excrement are dumped into the surrounding azure waters while reefs are often plundered by coral - robbing tourists , officials and long - time divers say .
The Taiwan researchers have sent their report to the government and plan to check for problems in other offshore areas known to support coral , Chen said .
Coral covers about 400,000 square km ( 154,000 sq miles ) of tropical ocean floor .
The biggest is Australia ’s Great Barrier Reef , a collection of 2,900 reefs along 2,100 km ( 1,300 miles ) of Australia ’s northeast coast in a marine park the size of Germany .
The Internet has different rules .
The folks at Time just learned about it in a very amusing way , as their third annual poll for the world 's most influential person was topped by moot A.K.A. Christopher Poole , founder of the legendary memebreeding forum 4 chan .
And , though the results of the poll are obviously skewed , the list is now official nonetheless .
Remember , it 's not Barack Obama , not Oprah Winfrey , not Pope Benedict XVI , but moot .
He received 16,794,368 votes and an average influence rating of 90 ( out of a possible 100 ) .
Epic win .
But the entire list looks very odd , influence - wise .
Does it make sense at all ?
Not if you 've been following closely .
One can easily argue that 4 chan is one of the most influential sites on the Internet ; in the world of odd memes , obscure anime images and bizarre photoshops - and these make a very large and important portion of the entity we refer to as " the Internet " - moot is king .
However , the results of the vote have nothing to do with influence .
If you think that this is the result of a fair vote , think again .
The entire first 21 results , as noted days ago , are the result of an elaborate hack done by 4 chan users .
It 's surprising , thus , that Time pretends that everything is alright .
From their article about the results :
" Moot denies knowing about any concerted plan by his followers to influence the poll , though TIME . com 's technical team did detect and extinguish several attempts to hack the vote . "
Erm , extinguish ?
The vote is obviously hacked .
Time 's attempts to fix the damage came too late , and the 4 chan folks managed to put the encrypted message back into order ( if you read the first letters of the first 21 names on the list , the message reads " Marblecake also the game " ) .
Thus , the entire list stands only as a monument to how such an admired institution - Time 's 100 list - can be turned upside down by a bunch of hackers .
Hey folks , while you 're at it , can we have Twitter topping the Forbes 500 ?
Thanks a bunch , drinks are on me .
Glenn Beck finally got off his big " You Are Not Alone " shindig yesterday afternoon .
( Blue Texan had the rundown . )
As gatherings of right - wing populist movements go , it looked kinda lame to me .
But then , everything about Beck seems lame to me , so I 'm probably not the best judge .
The weirdest thing was how much he cried .
I suppose you can't blame him for getting all worked up , but Beck was getting all verklempt from the opening moments of the schtick .
And then , as you can see , he kept doing it .
Look , I 'm a sensitive kinda guy too , OK ?
I get all weepy at movies and good books , that sort of thing .
I do n't really have anything against men crying .
But this was just ... off .
It was just plain weird .
For one thing , his crying spats mostly reminded me of a furious fourth - grader standing up to make a confession to his class -- plaintive , petulant , an undercurrent of anger and blame .
For another , they mostly came at odd times in the discussion , at points when it did n't seem the topic warranted such an emotional outburst .
Moreover , you can see him stop and prepare himself to burst into tears ; it all looks terribly contrived .
Then there were times , such as when he was reading his closing story -- a touching tale of a soldier slain Iraq war -- when the manipulatin just became crass and obvious .
The story is genuine enough , but you can't help get the creepy feeling that Beck is using a genuine hero 's story to plump up himself and his little cause , an emotional prop with a hook that lets him cap off the hour with a bang .
It 's reminiscent of the time he started crying over his special - needs child so he could talk about what a great gal Sarah Palin is .
Bottom line is the same as before : Beck 's maudlin attempts to emotionally connect with his audience are just too coldly and obviously manipulative .
It 's the worst kind of cynicism : Posing as deep , heartfelt , sincerity .
" The louder he talked of his honor , the faster we counted our spoons . " -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Boston University graduate student Philip H. Markoff appears at Boston Municipal Court for his arraignment on April 21 , 2009 .
Markoff , who has been dubbed the " Craigslist killer , " was charged with the murder of masseuse Julissa Brisman , who he allegedly lured to his hotel room through an ad posted on Craigslist .
( UPI Photo / mark Garfinkel / Pool ) | License Photo
BOSTON , April 22 ( UPI ) -- Police searching the Quincy , Mass. , apartment of accused Craigslist killer Philip Markoff say they found undergarments belonging to two of the victims .
A law enforcement official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , told The Boston Globe the women 's underpants and a handgun were found hidden in a hollowed - out copy of Gray 's Anatomy of the Human Body , a medical textbook .
Advertisement
Authorities have said Markoff , a student at Boston University School of Medicine , may have been motivated to commit the crimes because of a gambling problem .
Markoff , 23 , pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges involving attacks on two women he met through Craigslist at Boston hotels and police said a prostitute , who also advertised on the Internet Web site , was attacked at a hotel in Warwick , R.I .
Police were conducting forensics to determine whether the semi-automatic handgun found in his apartment was the same weapon used to kill a 26 - year - old Boston masseuse and aspiring model .
" He chose women , and he chose women who were living somewhat on life 's margins , so that he could dominate them , abuse them , " said Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley .
" He seems to have no problem physically hurting women and dominating them . "
Markoff 's attorney , John Salsberg , insists his client is innocent and is not the so - called " Craigslist killer . "
If you are a car lover and you enjoy creating works of art , than this is for you !
These are some of the finest examples of turning vehicles into art .
And if you ’re doing that , I guess you could really turn anything into art .
So if cars are n’t your medium , there ’s still hope for you .
I have to admit that these are pretty interesting on the whole and led to some cool pictures .
My only complaint ?
They ’re not as cool as actual Transformers like the picture above .
That would be the next step in cool Car Art , robots that transform .
Although maybe you ’ll argue that engineering is n’t quite fine art .
Either way , until that time of real Transformers , you can enjoy these car sculpture creations from across the globe :
15 . Big Rig Jig
Big Rig Jig is a sculpture conceived and designed by Mike Ross that features two giant tanker trucks , curving around each other in perfect balance .
It was found at Burning Man 2007 as part of “ The Green Man ” theme .
People even were encouraged to climb up the structure once it was completed .
14 . Potsdamer Platz
The car that fell from the sky ?
Unfortunately , no .
This Volkswagen Polo Coupe crashed car sculpture is located in Potsdamer Platz , which is a public square and traffic intersection in the center of Berlin , Germany .
The installation is a public relations stunt for a local video - sharing website .
13 . Lizard King Car
Lots of people will put stuff on their car .
This takes it to a whole nother level .
This “ Lizard King ” in tribute to Jim Morrison and The Doors was created by the students of Rebecca Bass , who teaches at Waltrip High School in Houston , Texas .
Evidently this woman has her students making car art every year .
It is almost impossible to tell that beneath the thousands of mirror shards , paint , plaster , beads , coins and other objects is a 1990 Honda Civic Hatchback .
The car took first place in the 2004 Houston Art Car Parade and a gift to Steamboat Springs , Colorado .
12 . Metal Horse ( Spaghetti West 10 )
If Lizards do n’t work for you , instead you can transform your car into a horse .
Found at Burning Man 2008 , this sculpture by UK scrap- metal collective Mutoid Waste Company is an animatronic fire - breathing metal horse that can pull a covered wagon .
It ’s one - third Little House On The Prairie and two - thirds Horseman Of The Apocalypse .
11 . Still Life with Stone and Car
I guess you should watch out for falling rocks .
If destruction is your thing , you can find this old rock on a new car artwork in Sydney , Australia .
Done by Jimmie Durham , it was created at the Sydney Opera House for the 2004 Sydney Biennale and since moved .
Why ’d he do it ?
Maybe to make you think about consumerism and the transitory nature of pleasure .
Maybe to make you shriek at the sound of a very loud crunch .
Who knows ?
You can read a little bit about him over here .
10 . The Dance
Found in Sarasota , Florida this looks like the beginning to a great House of Cars .
Entitled “ The Dance ” , this work by Dustin Shuler is a grouping of twelve cars from the Sarasota Season of Sculpture .
The doors to the cars had to be welded shut because people were getting in the cars to have their pictures taken behind the wheel .
9. Grenzeloos ( Lady on a Fiat )
This artwork is located in Geldrop , Netherlands and is composed of a Fiat 500 with a lady on a chair mounted on top .
The complete work is painted to give it an old copper look .
Titled Grenzeloos , meaning without borders or infinite , it is a creation of Carla Rump .
8. Goodwood Land Rover Sculpture
Standing proudly in front of Goodwood House ( which is located about 60 miles outside of London ) is the forty foot raw steel ‘ rock ’ structure , complete with five Land Rovers ( one of each model ) .
Designed by Gerry Judah , the massive sculpture marks the 60th anniversary of the Land Rover brand .
7. Gorilla Holds Aloft a VW Beetle
In Salisbury , Vermont a King Kong - like Gorilla , sometimes referred to as “ Queen Connie ” , has traded in Fay Wray ( Or Naomi Watts ) and instead holds up a golden VW Bug in front of Pioneer Auto Sales , Inc .
The gorilla is nineteen feet tall and made of steel - reinforced concrete by local artist T.J. Neil in 1987 .
6. Arman Ferrari Sculpture
This work of art is situated at the main entrance of the Enzo and Dino Ferrari Racetrack in Imola , Italy .
Created by French sculptor Arman , the Hommage to Ferrari : La Rampante is a five meter tall bronze structure consisting of the famous Ferrari F40 model racing cars in red bronze , cut and superimposed in a harmonious group .
The sculpture was inaugurated on April 30 , 1999 .
5. Car Cow and Bull
Art by Miina Äkkijyrkkä , or Liina Lång as she ’s also known , erected the “ Tin Cows ” in Ruoholahti for the Night of Arts festival in 2000 .
They ’ve since grazed all over Finland .
You can find more information about her life , her art , and her fascination with cattle on her homepage .
4. Prague Car Triangle
It ’s in Prague ’s Wenceslas Square ( which is n’t shaped like a square at all ) and the sculpture is shaped like a triangle .
It creates a very nice window through which to view the Natural History museum , especially at night .
This sculpture , and many others in the square , are placed in such a way that people can interact with them by touching them and so forth .
3. Cadillac Ranch
Either ten junker Cadillacs buried nose - down or art , Cadillac Ranch was created in 1974 by Chip Lord , Hudson Marquez , and Doug Michels in Amarillo , Texas .
The structure was originally located in a wheat field , but relocated in 1997 in order to place it further from the limits of the growing city .
A tribute to the Cadillac Ranch was featured in the Pixar film Cars and visitors are encouraged to add their own graffiti which leads to a constantly changing look .
2. Berwyn Car Spindle
Sadly , the BerwynCar Spindle was dismantled on May 2 , 2008 to make room for a Walgreens .
Still , the 50 foot spike with eight cars impaled on it also known as the “ Car Kabob ” or the “ Eight Car Pileup ” is a great example of car art .
And it even got a cameo in Wayne ’s World .
The Spindle had been located in the parking lot of Cermak Plaza in Berwyn , Illinois .
1. Carhenge
Carhenge is a replica of England ’s Stonehenge located near the city of Alliance , Nebraska .
As the name indicates , Carhenge is constructed of 38 vintage American automobiles ( and not stones ) rescued from nearby farms and dumps and covered with gray spray paint .
The work was the brainchild of Jim Reinders and dedicated in the June of 1987 .
Carhenge is open 24/7/365 , and you can read more about it on the official website .
Researchers identify personality traits
Researchers from Boston University School of Medicine 's ( BUSM ) New England Centenarian Study have noted specific personality traits associated with healthy aging and longevity amongst the children of centenarians .
The work was conducted in collaboration with scientists from the National Institute on Aging .
These findings currently appear on - line in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society .
Previous research on siblings and offspring of centenarians have documented that exceptional longevity runs strongly in families .
Studies of the offspring of centenarians showed that their mortality is 120 percent lower than other members of their birth cohort and that they also have markedly lower prevalence rates and delayed onsets of cardiovascular disease , hypertension , and diabetes mellitus .
Because personality traits have been shown to have substantial heritable components , the researchers hypothesized that certain personality features may be important to the healthy aging observed in the offspring of centenarians .
Using the NEO - Five - Factor Inventory ( NEO - FFI ) questionnaire , measures of the personality traits for neuroticism , extraversion , openness , agreeableness , and conscientiousness were obtained from 246 ( 125 women and 121 men ) unrelated offspring of centenarians with an average age of 75 .
Both the male and female offspring of centenarians scored in the low range of published norms for neuroticism and in the high range for extraversion .
The women also scored comparatively high in agreeableness .
Otherwise , both sexes scored within normal range for conscientiousness and openness , and the men scored within normal range for agreeableness .
According to the researchers , personality traits in the offspring of centenarians appear to have distinctive characteristics that may have important implications for their longevity .
" Interestingly , whereas men and women generally differ substantially in their personality characteristics , the male and female offspring tended to be similar , which speaks to the importance of these traits , irrespective of gender , for health aging and longevity .
It 's likely that the low neuroticism and higher extraversion will confer health benefits for these subjects , " said senior author Thomas Perls , MD , MPH , director of the New England Centenarian Study .
" For example , people who are lower in neuroticism are able to manage or regulate stressful situations more effectively than those with higher neuroticism levels .
Similarly , high extraversion levels have been associated with establishing friendships and looking after yourself , " he said .
Perl 's added , " These findings suggest that personality is an important characteristic to include in studies that assess genetic and environmental determinants of longevity .
Such studies are currently underway . "
A little preparation never hurt anyone , right ?
So , with all the reports of flu hitting us on a daily basis , what ’s the best way to prepare your kitchen ?
Experts warn that in the event of a pandemic , it may be difficult to leave your house or get supplies , and their advice is stock up now .
Keep in mind that you may need items that can be eaten without cooking .
The Food Channel put together this quick list of staples you may want to have on hand :
â‹ … Water .
Best advice is to have a gallon of water available per person , per day of the emergency .
Have both drinkable water and stored water that can be used for washing , flushing and keeping plants alive .
Try some of the new vitamin waters for variety .
â‹ … Cans or jars of any protein â€ “ chicken , turkey , tuna , beans , peanut butter .
Be sure to have a non-electric can opener ( we love the new ones that are battery operated ) on hand .
â‹… Crackers .
You may not be able to keep fresh bread , and may not be able to depend on anything in the freezer .
So keep shelf - stable items such as crackers on hand to go with that tuna !
â‹ … Dried fruit .
Bags of dried cranberries , blueberries , cherries , even prunes will be a welcome addition in the case of a long haul indoors .
â‹ … Candy , trail mix , nut mixtures .
Keeping some chocolate or hard shell candies on hand is a good idea to provide energy when needed .
â‹… Granola bars , breakfast cookies or any cereal product that you do n’t mind eating even without milk .
And , this quick reminder of a few non -food items that you might want to get at the same time :
â‹ … Bleach , distilled white vinegar , or disinfectant for cleaning .
â‹ … Plenty of anti-bacterial hand soap .
â‹ … Tissues and other paper products .
â‹ … Batteries , along with a flashlight , battery - operated radio or TV .
â‹… Ibuprofin .
For more information , see the links below .
Remember , this is not an attempt to be alarmist , and over - reacting can cause as many problems as not reacting at all !
We advise a balanced approach .
After all , these food items will never be wasted â€ “ pull them out and rotate them through your usual grocery list to make sure that your emergency stores are always fresh .
Prepare for Swine Flu
Swine flu FAQ
“ Foh Boh Discussion – the Impact on restaurants ” : http://www.fohboh.com/profiles/blog/show?id=1411008%3ABlogPost%3A285911
National Restaurant Association
“ Food Quality News ” : http://www.foodqualitynews.com/Publications/Food-Beverage-Nutrition/FoodProductionDaily.com/Supply-Chain/Swine-flu-sparks-global-health-emergency/?c=rHu8rSqn71E5lRw68fzWkQ%3D%3D&utm_source=newsletter_daily&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Newsletter%2BDaily
What do I mean by Perfectionism is Stupid ! ?
It certainly is NOT that you should n’t strive to be the best speaker that you can be on stage .
What I mean is that anxious energy put into trying to make anything absolutely perfect is counterproductive .
The truth is , if you look at some of the best speakers out there , they all make mistakes – and often very big ones !
And they make them all the time .
But , and this is the key , they do n’t get hung up on it , they just shrug it off , and move on .
Or better still they use it to actually build their relationship with the audience .
So how do you handle your mistakes ?
I ’ve put some tips in the video .
( Natural News )
Eating eggs does not significantly raise the body 's cholesterol levels , according to a new study conducted by researchers from the University of Surrey and published in theof the British Heart Foundation .
The researchers reviewed the results of several different studies on eggs and nutrition , concluding that eggs did not contribute significantly to the body 's cholesterol levels .
Although eggs are in fact a high - cholesterol food , the researchers note that only one - third of the body 's cholesterol comes from dietary sources ; the rest is produced by the body from saturated fats .
As a consequence , saturated fat intake plays a far more significant role .
" The ingrained misconception linking egg consumption to high blood cholesterol and heart disease must be corrected , " researcher Bruce Griffin said .
" The amount of saturated fat in our diet exerts an effect on blood cholesterol that is several times greater than the relatively small amounts of dietary cholesterol .
"
The researchers note that other factors , such as obesity , a sedentary lifestyle or smoking also have greater effects on cholesterol levels or the risk of cardiovascular disease than egg consumption does .
" The UK public does not need to be limiting the number of eggs they eat , " Griffin said .
" Indeed , they can be encouraged to include them in a healthy diet , as they are one of nature 's most nutritionally dense foods .
" Up until 2007 , the British Heart Foundation ( BHF ) recommended that people limit their intake of eggs to three per week , as a way of reducing the risk of heart disease .
That advice is now considered outdated , however .
" We recommend that eggs can be eaten as part of a balanced diet , " said Victoria Taylor of the BHF .
" There is cholesterol present in eggs , but this does not usually make a great contribution to your level of blood cholesterol .
If you need to reduce your cholesterol level , it is more important that you cut down on the amount of saturated fat in your diet from foods like fatty meat , full fat dairy products , and cakes , biscuits and pastries .
" Sources for this story include : news.bbc.co.uk .
President Barack Obama acknowledges mayors as he arrives in the East Room of the White House .
Obama vows to cut huge deficit in half
President Obama will announce Monday that he plans to cut the nation ’s projected annual deficit in half by the end of his first term , a senior administration official said Saturday .
The plan will make explicit what Obama officials have been suggesting for months : Contrary to his campaign promise , Obama will allow the Bush tax cuts on the wealthiest Americans expire as scheduled at the end of 2010 instead of seeking their repeal sooner .
Officials determined that seeking to raise the taxes earlier during a recession was a bad idea , advisers said .
Advertisement
Obama , who will speak Monday to a Fiscal Responsibility Summit at the White House , also will outline steps he is taking to eliminate what his staff calls “ accounting gimmicks ” used by previous administrations .
“ This budget actually is going to assume that there will be a hurricane , tornado , earthquake , flood or manmade disaster in the United States in fiscal year 2010 , and each year going forward 10 years , ” the official said .
“ The Bush budget never assumed that . ”
Under White House projections , this year ’s inherited budget deficit of $ 1.3 trillion will be cut to $ 533 billion by fiscal year 2013 , the end of the first term .
“ So we ’ll cut it at least in half , ” the official said .
That represents a decrease from 9.2 percent of the gross domestic product , a measure of the nation ’s output , to 3 percent , the administration estimates .
The official said the bulk of the savings come from winding down the war in Iraq , additional revenue from raising taxes on the wealthy , and other cuts and savings to be specified later .
Officials have said the budget creates room to start an ambitious overhaul of the nation 's health - care system , which Obama aides view as a key to the government 's fiscal future .
Obama said in his weekly address on Saturday that a budget blueprint he is releasing Thursday will be “ honest in its accounting . ”
The budget provides a projected cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ( “ overseas military contingencies ” ) , assumes the full cost of fixing the alternative minimum tax each year and does not assume deep cuts in Medicare physician payments .
“ Arthur Andersen [ Enron ’s accountant ] is no longer in business , and now Arthur Andersen - accounting will no longer be in business , ” the official said .
“ If we used these gimmicks , it ’s $ 250 billion annually , or about $ 2.6 trillion over 10 years , which show up now on our bottom line because we ’re not hiding it , ” the official added .
“ This money was always being spent , just no one actually accounted for it . ”
On Tuesday evening , Obama will outline his broad plans in an evening address to a joint session of Congress .
On Thursday , the White House will release a 150 - page “ Economic and Budget Policy ” document with an overview of its plans .
Such an abbreviated document is customary in a first term .
The foot - thick budget details will be sent to Congress in April , officials said .
Not surprisingly , Lawrence Summers is convinced that he deserved every penny of the $ 8 million that Wall Street firms paid him last year .
And why should n’t he be cut in on the loot from the loopholes in the toxic derivatives market that he pushed into law when he was Bill Clinton ’s treasury secretary ?
No one has been more persistently effective in paving the way for the financial swindles that enriched the titans of finance while impoverishing the rest of the world than the man who is now the top economic adviser to President Obama .
It is especially disturbing that Summers got most of the $ 8 million from a major hedge fund at a time when such totally unregulated rich - guys - only investment clubs stand to make the most off the Obama administration ’s plan for saving the banks .
The scheme , as announced by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , a Summers protégé , is to clean up the toxic holdings of the banks using taxpayer money and then turn them over to hedge funds that will risk little of their own capital .
At least the banks are somewhat government - regulated , which cannot be said of the hedge funds , thanks to Summers .
It was Summers , as much as anyone , who in the Clinton years prevented the regulation of the hedge funds that are at the center of the explosion of the derivatives bubble , and the fact that D.E. Shaw , a leading hedge fund , paid the Obama adviser $ 5.2 million last year does suggest a serious conflict of interest .
That sum is what Summers raked in for a part - time gig , in addition to the $ 2.77 million he received for 40 speaking engagements , largely before banks and investment firms , and on top of the $ 587,000 he was paid as a professor at Harvard .
Summers was a top adviser to the Democratic presidential candidate last year , and that might have enhanced his speaking fees , which seem to have a base rate of $ 67,500 , the amount he received on each of two occasions when he appeared at Lehman Brothers before that company went bankrupt .
Lehman had purchased a 20 percent stake in D.E. Shaw while Summers was employed by the hedge fund , and it would be interesting to know if the subject of the overlapping business came up during Summers ’ visit to Lehman .
Lehman was only one on an impressive list of top financial firms that consulted Summers during a troubled period .
Goldman Sachs was so interested in his thoughts that it paid him more than $ 200,000 for two talks , even though it soon needed $ 12 billion in taxpayer bailout funds .
Citigroup , which has been going through hard times , managed only a $ 54,000 fee for a Summers rap .
Merrill Lynch could pony up only a scant $ 45,000 for a Summers appearance last Nov. 12 , but that was at a point when Merrill was in deep trouble , with the government arranging its sale .
Summers , anticipating an appointment in the administration of the newly elected Obama and perhaps wanting to avoid any embarrassment the fee might bring , decided to turn over the $ 45,000 to a charity .
Why was someone as compromised as Summers made the White House ’s point man overseeing $ 2.86 trillion in bailout funds to the financial moguls whom he had enabled in creating this mess and many of whom had benefited him financially ?
Will no congressional panel ever quiz Summers about his grand theory that the derivatives market required no government supervision because , as he testified to a Senate subcommittee in July of 1998 : “ The parties to these kinds of contracts are largely sophisticated financial institutions that would appear to be eminently capable of protecting themselves from fraud and counterparty insolvencies . … ”
Think of the sophisticates at AIG when you read that sentence , and then ask why Summers is once again at large in the public sector .
Or take White House spokesman Ben LaBolt ’s word for it that “ Dr. Summers has been at the forefront of this administration ’s work … to put in place a regulatory framework that will strengthen the financial system and its oversight — all in an effort to help the families across America who have paid a very steep price for risky decisions made by Wall Street executives . ”
The very same executives that Summers had previously assured us could be trusted without any regulation .
Why should we now trust Summers any more than we trust them ?
Could n’t Summers just take his ill - gotten gains and go hide out in some offshore tax haven ?
If this was happening in a Republican administration , scores of Democrats in Congress would be all over it , asking tough questions about what exactly did Summers do to earn all that money from the D.E.
Shaw hedge fund .
As it is , with their silence they are complicit in this emerging scandal of the banking bailout .
Warning !
This post may be highly inflammatory to your “ cloudy ” vision of computing .
My partner Mihaela Lica and I discussed the cloud earlier today , and she aptly pointed out ; “ There is a time and a place for everything and this is particularly true of computing in the cloud . ”
Cloud computing has come under fire lately for several important reasons .
To be coldly clinical , for most applications the cloud is far less secure , slower , and it is not conducive of stability and viability , at least not yet .
I know , I am an advocate too , but it just is n’t , like it or not .
Head in the Clouds Thinking
Over the last several weeks I have beta tested any number of startups which represent what we might call “ refined walled garden ” approaches to social interaction .
Typically , and walled garden approach has met with great criticism from proponents of cloud computing .
The dogma for many in the social networking , marketing and even technology spheres has been one of liberal damnation for anything not free , or akin to a desktop application .
There are many reasons for this type rationale , but promoting Web business is by far the driving force behind cloud computing hype .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
New Ideas Do n’t Take Us Backward
FileRide is one of the betas I tested this week .
It is a social community designed to operate from the desktop , making use of all the advantages of both the cloud and a user ’s PC .
Steve Jobs of Apple refers to such techniques as “ a combined approach ” is indicated for many apps .
FileRide , rather than file sharing , suggests a much more secure , and honestly , logical approach we can call – “ social file interaction ” .
Operating from the desktop , with inherent speed and security , FileRide has many other implications as well .
It is important to place new desktop innovation within a current contextual picture of the overall Internet market .
Tip of the Trend Iceberg
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Coghead Dies – Coghead was designed for small business and now their users will have an Excel file or worse to replace an interface and an application .
Imagine the time that went into creating these apps , the time it will take to extract , and the time lost .
On a larger scale , such a collapse could be catastrophic .
And now , other cloud solutions are clamoring to scarf up Coghead ’s already bruised clientele – brilliant .
Gmail strands 100 million – I cannot tell you how many “ cloudy ” comments I got when trying to suggest the implications of this recent outage .
It was the “ scope ” of the outage , more than the “ type ” of service that was important here .
Imagine 100 million businesses being down for 3 hours .
Facebook , MySpace and sex offenders – A touchy subject for many , but for parents , perhaps the quintessential concern , their kid ’s well being .
All I can say on Facebook is “ finally ” .
After the world , including me , hammered them for dragging their feet , they addressed the issue .
For cloud advocates , the it boils down to this : “ Is there something you hold dear that deserves the utmost privacy and security ? ”
Adobe attacks –
While possible primarily due to “ socialization ” of a flash file from an attacker , the point here is , localized platforms are less likely to contribute than the wider social strata of the cloud .
The bottom line is , if Adobe is susceptible , social networks and other cloud elements are at least contributory .
As good a definition for cloud computing as there is ( via InformationWeek ) also outlines my opinion of wide spread use of online resources for many applications .
As Oracle CEO Larry Ellison called the business end of it – idiocy , crap , gibberish and crazy .
While this is excessive in many regards , it is true that any business that put proprietary information on someone else ’s service had better have some rock solid assurances .
So What ’s Your Problem ?
You want the world to live in the clouds where misty eyed dreams of vast riches and unlimited potential abound .
More precisely , you have some vested interest in promoting other people to do as you do , or am I wrong ?
Any investigation of popular dogma such as Web 2.0 or cloud computing can be enlightened by simply following the money .
Ask yourself this question if you ever wonder if you have been “ hyped ” into a philosophy ; “ Who will benefit the most from this happening ? ”
As far as SaaS or cloud computing are concerned , Google will benefit first – they coined the term .
Then a whole tier of other business entities tied into the tech world , and finally – maybe - the end user .
Desktop Re-entry
I mention FileRide in particular because I noticed certain resistance to this desktop solution coming from many in my own network .
All of them smart people who , by some mystical means , have become convinced that to criticize anything about cloud computing is to threaten their very existence .
These same people download the StumbleUpon tool bar , allow Facebook applications to run their lives , add Firefox plug-ins like eating cotton candy .
In general , once people “ think ” they like something , they adopt it like any of it as they would a child .
Why not our old desktop app then ?
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
FileRide ( or an application like it , maybe the Flock browser even ) can essentially do anything and everything all the other social applications can , except faster and safer .
So why has so much negativity been heaped on top of desktop applications ?
Applying Numbers
Traffic numbers have been used to usurp billions from investors these last few years .
Twitter and Facebook are the best examples of money being thrown at raw traffic , but the underlying problem for most people I know , is in their marketing and advertising strategy .
Anyone who uses
Twitter realizes that everyone on it is selling something .
No big secret right ?
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
The problem is in the chaos and “ scattergun ” approach to it .
What is the value of looking at a chat room with scrolling links rolling by at the speed of light ?
Marketing needs a better vehicle than television or Twitter for any number of reasons , but mostly because the Web is not television , but it can be better !
Behaviorally targeted advertising is second only to “ word of mouth ” ( which is the ultimate contextual medium ) , and platforms similar to the FileRide one provide a multitude of advantages over purely cloud driven apps .
The bottom line for any social network from a user of marketing perspective – minimizing the chaos .
Castle Walls and Camelot
Now , if you want an ethereal , warm and Fuzzy feeling about the future of computing , please allow me to paint a picture for you ( note – you will not see this variant on TechCrunch ) .
Imagine the cloud correctly inhabited with relevant information and ecommerce sites designed to do what they do best , educate and sell respectively .
Now , imagine social interaction done from P2P via very powerful applications on people ’s desktops .
Now let ’s take the example of FileRide to its next logical step , with FileRide ( or Flock user in a refined variant ) a user can do anything any cloud application can do , but more safely and when used in combination , as cheaply .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Conclusion
The list of things an application like FileRide can do is virtually limitless when used in conjunction with the real cloud – the one up there where I suggested selling and educating .
The immense database we call the Internet , combined with its inherent communication ability , and operated from the desktop with super powerful applications – is Camelot .
Everyone gripes about the limitations of a walled garden .
There are no limitations that matter if people can go outside , but be safe and resourceful from behind huge castle walls .
Many businesses can thrive in the cloud , and more will be viable in the years to come , but selling remote storage and apps on a scale as techdom has done ( for all the wrong reasons ) borders on idiocy .
There is a better way to market , a better way to communicate , d0 and a better way of thinking .
Taking bait “ hook - line - and - sinker ” is not better for anyone .
When she was a kid , for a treat Pat Box and her seven siblings got “ water cocoa , ” which is pretty much what it sounds like and nothing special today .
But that was in the 1930s , when her father ’s business was reselling bakers ’ barrels to coopers , and the family would get first crack at them , scraping the wood for any traces of sugar or cocoa left behind .
With luck , they ’d also have rye bread and fresh butter they ’d buy on Brooklyn Avenue .
“ It was wonderful , ” said Box , 87 , one afternoon while she gathered with friends at the Claude Pepper Senior Center on La Cienega Boulevard , just north of the 10 Freeway .
At a time when Americans face frightening and disorienting economic uncertainty , the Great Depression provides valuable lessons .
For many people , putting a meal on the table without turning to processed or takeout foods is no longer something just for a weekend dinner party but a skill they must learn .
People who remember what it was like to eat during the Depression talk about thrift , growing their own , sharing with neighbors and learning to cope with what they had .
Box grew up in Boyle Heights in a time of desperate need , but no one went hungry at her family ’s house , though it took work and ingenuity .
Her mother baked bread and made kreplach .
Her father turned flour sacks into towels to sell , and her aunt sold chickens .
“ You ’d stick your hand in , feel for fat around the stomach ” and make your choice .
Her mother made pillows with the feathers .
It was a time when leftovers were planned .
A roast chicken -- for Jewish Shabbat or Sunday dinner -- lasted for days , as chicken with rice , chicken and dumplings , pot pie , stew or soup or salad .
Women used the wrappers on margarine to butter baking pans .
People ate what they could grow or kill or find .
Be honest , now : Can anybody in your house skin a rabbit ?
Know what to do with milkweed pods ?
( Boil them and top with grated cheese . )
Get your kids to eat sour grass soup ?
Those recipes , from “ Dining During the Depression , ” a collection of recipes edited by Karen Thibodeau , are unlikely to find their way into kitchens today , despite the state of the economy .
But in the 1930s , making do was a kitchen art , honed by necessity .
“ In the times when the economy is really bad , it becomes an even more important question of how you ’re going to put food on the table for your family , ” says Kelly Alexander , co-author of “ Hometown Appetites , ” a biography of the pioneering newspaper food columnist Clementine Paddleford .
“ If you want to save money , you ’re going to have to learn to cook , ” Alexander says .
She says she recently saw a pot pie recipe that called for precooked pieces of chicken , a premade crust and vegetables from a salad bar -- essentially directions for assembling , not cooking .
So by appealing to people who are too busy to cook or unwilling to learn , a modern version of a dish invented to make leftovers appealing becomes a collection of expensive ingredients .
Many Americans never learned to cook as they grew up , and they rely on takeout or packaged food , but dinner was a very different experience during the Depression .
Mix ‘ n ’ match soup
“ We ate a lot of mashed potatoes , and I ’m still hung up on mashed potatoes , ” says Rosalyn Weinstein , 79 , pointing to an uneaten scoop on her plate .
Though she does not cook much these days , she says she still makes “ mix ‘ n ’ match ” soup from whatever is on hand .
“ Cooking is becoming a lost art , ” she says .
“ I ’ve never been a takeout person .
And I ’ve never been a fast food person .
Joe Bagley , 81 , who moved to Los Angeles during World War II , was born in Texas and raised for a time on a farm .
“ We were never wanting for food , but you had to raise your own , ” he says , adding that his family saw plenty of hungry people wandering in search of work .
They ’d stop at the farm , and Bagley recalls that he’d be sent inside to get whatever was there to feed them .
Though the country is not in a depression today , signs of tough times are all around .
The market is in shreds , food is pricier .
A spokesman for Ralphs and Food 4
Less says more people are turning to house brands , and Albertsons has seen more sales of “ stretcher ” products such as Hamburger Helper , a spokeswoman says .
Food pantries around Los Angeles are worried about having enough to hand out , and restaurant tables are empty .
Even Gourmet magazine offered in a recent e-mail newsletter some “ recession special ” recipes , including a potato gratin adapted from an Edna Lewis recipe .
A few generations ago cooking was a family affair , with children sent to pick food from the garden or shell peas .
With SAT prep classes or soccer or ballet , many families are lucky to get their kids to the dinner table at all .
Gretchen Sterling , who has managed the Villa Park farmers market in Pasadena for 28 years , recalls that her mother , the daughter of a Minnesota butcher , made soap from lye and bacon fat , and canned her own meat .
Getting what you needed rarely meant going shopping ; do - it - yourself was not a hobby centered on a Home Depot .
“ Now kids do n’t even know that carrots grow underground , ” she says .
Cooking everything that came their way was a way of life for Hattie Adkins ’ family .
She was just a girl in the ‘ 30s , when her family lived on a farm in Raeford , N.C. , but her memories are strong .
Her family and those around them ate what was ripe and ready , never thinking of themselves as “ locavores , ” just taking advantage of what was cheapest and best - tasting .
Winter stores
“ When it came time to harvest the corn , we had all the corn we could eat , ” Adkins , 76 , recalled one recent afternoon , sitting in her Long Beach apartment building .
Potatoes , beans , cabbage , peaches -- all plentiful and put up for the winter .
After they ate watermelons , they pickled the rinds .
When a hog was killed , she says , the meat was put into a wooden box and covered with salt , eventually to become ham .
Adkins says she also could catch a rabbit in the woods .
“ Apples today do n’t have a good smell .
Back then if you set a trap and rub the peels on the trap , the rabbit would come on in .
“ Anybody in the neighborhood who did n’t have , always had when they came to our house , ” she says .
“ We had enough food to feed a lot of people . ”
These days , she eats simply , usually using inexpensive ingredients .
She ’ll saute an onion , add a little flour to brown it , pour in canned potatoes and green beans -- juice and all -- sprinkle on some rice and let it simmer .
City food , not farm food .
But one thing has n’t changed :
She often feeds neighbors .
MacVean is a Times staff writer .
mary.macvean@latimes.com
How old were you when you decided to reject religion ?
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Whenever you speak with Carlos Santana , you pretty much know what you 're going to get : lots of talk about love and light .
spiritual analogies , name - dropping of people like Marvin Gaye and Mother Teresa .
Carlos Santana will start a 72 - show residency in Las Vegas in May at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino .
It may take a moment to enter the humble headspace of the 61 - year - old guitarist legend , but once you 're there , you realize that this is a man who acts with his heart instead of his head .
Somehow , he 's managing to live out his 1960s ideals in 2009 -- and he wants fans to experience a piece of that with his new Las Vegas , Nevada , show , " Supernatural Santana : A Trip Through the Hits . "
The 72 - show residency at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino launches May 27 , with 36 concerts this year and 36 in 2010 .
As with all his events , a portion of the cost of each ticket will be donated to the Milagro Foundation , the charitable organization founded by Santana and his family to benefit children around the world .
Watch Santana get into the groove »
Santana talked to CNN about the Vegas show and his beliefs .
The following is an edited version of that interview .
CNN : Your Vegas show sounds like it's your greatest hits mixed with a little bit of Carlos Santana spirituality .
Carlos Santana :
They 're inseparable at this point .
We 're very different than a lot of bands .
A lot of bands concentrate on show business and entertainment .
We focus on light and touching people 's hearts .
We really believe that by coming to Las Vegas , it gives us an opportunity to take ourselves and the people who come to listen to us into a place where people are free from thinking they 're sinners or unworthy .
There 's something really wonderful about music when music makes men and women dance , laugh and cry at the same time , because they 're receiving like a Holy Ghost thing .
CNN : Ticket prices range from $ 79 up to $ 299 -- which is a lot of money for some people in this economy .
Santana : I have no clue about that .
I 'm more with , " This finger goes onto this note and it makes juicy sounds , and I 'm going to make people dance and laugh . "
It 's not like I do n't care or I 'm ignorant .
It 's just that I 'm not wired to have that insignificance on me other than what I 'm going to get to give back to other people .
And other than that , I trust that the people around me -- which is my sister and my brother - in - law -- will take care of all of those dimensions .
We do n't like to gouge people , but we do like to be realistic that you do need to pay the rent ... and stuff like that .
But other than that , since I was a child , I really do n't put that much focus or significance into it .
CNN : You 're well - loved by mainstream audiences , and the Latino audience has been really supportive , too .
Do you think this is opening up the door to perhaps invite the Latino audience to Vegas ?
Santana :
They 're already there .
They 're washing dishes and folding sheets -- I 'm serious .
The Latin community is there .
It 's just that we do n't see them .
...
I do n't belong to just Latinos just because I speak Spanish .
We go to Ireland , and if we go to Pakistan , or Istanbul or Malaysia , we 're part of the family .
We just did a tour in South America , and I have never seen so many children come to our concerts in my life -- and I 've been doing this since ' 67 .
CNN : You were born in Mexico , and President Obama will be heading there to talk about the war on drugs .
[ Secretary of State ]
Hillary Clinton recently made some remarks that United States drug consumption is partially to blame for this problem .
Do you agree with that ?
Santana : Totally .
I think that the solution to all of this stuff would be to legalize it , decriminalize it , reinvest all that money into teachers in schools .
...
If we would teach in schools the incredible sensation of climax that it feels to be of service to other people -- like Mother Teresa , or Desmond Tutu or the Dalai Lama -- smoking pot , and drinking tequila , and watching porno or whatever people do , it pales in comparison when you actually wake up to be of service to people .
To go back to the question -- I think we should legalize marijuana .
I think Barack Obama should bring the brothers and sisters home -- the soldiers .
If I was to see him , I would go , " Listen to Marvin Gaye 's ' What 's Going On ' and John Coltrane , and bring the boys home from the war now , like we did with Vietnam . "
They 're not going to come here .
People in Vietnam did not come here to attack us after we left them alone .
So let 's get rid of that fear , that fantasy , that stuff .
Let 's get rid of the bogeyman , because the bogeyman is us looking in the mirror of each other .
CNN : What about when people do n't get it , Carlos ?
What if they 're listening to you and thinking , " He sounds like one of those New Age Californians , and I really do n't get what they 're doing out there . "
Santana :
Well , they do n't get it because they 're stuck in something that is not working .
Like , for example , a lot of people are stuck with certain parts of the Bible , believing that God is vengeful and jealous .
That 's Godzilla !
I 'm not stuck with a God like that .
I 'm stuck with a God that 's all love , all compassion , all light , and he only sees you with purity and innocence , like the brand - new eyes of a child that 's just been born .
...
A lot about Las Vegas is illusion .
It 's entertainment and show business .
We do n't know none of that .
We only know to go into your heart and help you remember that it 's there .
I know a lot of rich millionaires who are not happy , and you 're only happy when you 're doing something .
CNN : Are you happy ?
Santana : I 'm very , very happy because I 'm grateful .
My priorities finally have been crystallized .
I started washing dishes , and now I do this .
And this is a lot of fun .
CANNABIS CULTURE – Canada ’s government , the Conservative Party , has introduced legislation that would create mandatory minimum prison sentences for marijuana .
Bill C - 15 wo n’t work !
Even he USA has begun repealing mandatory minimums for drugs — so speak up , Canadians , and help defeat Bill C - 15 !
Bill C - 15 ( previously introduced as Bill C - 26 , then “ killed ” when Canada had an election ) includes unjust and unfair mandatory minimum prison sentences for “ drug crimes ” .
For example , growing one marijuana plant would mean an automatic six months in jail !
Making hash is a mandatory one year in prison !
All the details are very , very bad .
Click here for the entire Bill C - 15 document , or go to Parliament ’s official Bill C - 15 webpage .
Tell your Member of Parliament to Vote No On C - 15 !.
Why Prohibition .ca now has a form emailer for MPs .
Click here to send an email to Members of Parliament opposing Bill C - 15 .
Simply scroll down to the bottom of the letter , fill in the fields and click send .
It ’s that simple !
We need everyone to send emails to our Members of Parliament if we are going to defeat C - 15 !
Email your members of Parliament today !
Here are other ways you can get involved !
• Sign up today at www.WhyProhibition.ca and join thousands of Canadians in opposing the immoral and dangerous Bill C - 15 .
• Join the Facebook “ Stop Bill C - 15 ” group by clicking here .
Read about Mandatory Minimums , why they do n’t work , and other statistics and information at www.CannabisFacts.ca/MandatoryMinimums.html
• Say No To Mandatory Minimums for Marijuana !
Tell your Member of Parliament : “ Bill C - 15 is not going to work , mandatory minimum sentences for drug crimes are proven to be ineffective .
Do not pass Bill C - 15 ! ”
To contact your Member of Parliament , go here and enter your postal code .
• Contact Justice Minister Rob Nicholson .
He introduced the legislation , and must be told that he ’s made a big mistake !
Be clear and polite , telling him you do not support his plan and that studies show mandatory minimums do not work .
Ottawa :
105 East Block
House of Commons
Ottawa , ON
K1A 0A6
tel : 613-995-1547
fax : 613-992-7910
email : [ email protected ]
Niagara Falls :
2895 St. Paul Avenue
Unit 11
Niagara Falls , ON
L2J 2L3
tel : 905-353-9590
fax : 905-353-9588
email : [ email protected ]
Fort Erie :
County Fair Mall
200 Garrison Road , Unit 13
Fort Erie , Ontario
L2A 5S6
tel : 905-871-9991
fax : 905-871-5046
email : [ email protected ]
On Friday , EFF and the law firm of Fish and Richardson filed an emergency motion to quash [ pdf ] and for the return of seized property on behalf of a Boston College computer science student whose computers , cell phone , and other property were seized as part of an investigation into who sent an e-mail to a school mailing list identifying another student as gay .
The problem ?
Not only is there no indication that any crime was committed , the investigating officer argued that the computer expertise of the student itself supported a finding of probable cause to seize the student 's property .
The warrant application [ pdf ] cites the following allegedly suspicious behavior :
...
...
Should Boston College Linux users be looking over their shoulders ?
In his application , the investigating officer asked that he be permitted to seize the student 's computers and other personal effects because they might yield evidence of the crimes of " Obtaining computer services by Fraud or Misrepresentation " and " Unauthorized access to a computer system . "
Aside from the remarkable overreach by campus and state police in trying to paint a student as suspicious in part because he can navigate a non-Windows computer environment , nothing cited in the warrant application could possibly constitute the cited criminal offenses .
There are no assertions that a commercial ( i.e. for pay ) service was defrauded , a necessary element of any " Obtaining computer services by Fraud or Misrepresentation " allegation .
Similarly , the investigating officer does n't explain how sending an e-mail to a campus mailing list might constitute " unauthorized access to a computer system . "
During its March 30th search , police seized ( among other things ) the computer science major 's computers , storage drives , cell phone , iPod Touch , flash drives , digital camera , and Ubuntu Linux CD .
None of these items have been returned .
He has been suspended from his job pending the investigation .
His personal documents and information are in the hands of the state police who continue to examine it without probable cause , searching for evidence to support unsupportable criminal allegations .
Next up ?
An emergency court hearing as soon as the court will hear us in which we will ask that the search warrant be voided and the student 's property returned .
Stay tuned ...
Update I : A hearing on EFF 's motion is scheduled for 11:00 a.m. ET on Tuesday , April 21 , in Newton District Court .
Update II : Some commentators have disputed the conclusion that the student 's use of an operating system other than the " regular B.C. operating system " was unfairly cited in the investigating officer 's affidavit , arguing for example that the " use of Linux ... [ is ] simply evidence that connects Calixte to the emails at issue . "
With all due respect , I think that 's missing the point .
To begin with , no " connection " is provided by the operating systems .
Instead , according to the affidavit , ( a ) the student allegedly used a different operating system than the one used " regularly " at Boston College , and ( b ) the e-mails at issue were allegedly sent from a computer running Ubuntu Linux , also ( apparently ) " an uncommon operating system on the BC network . "
There is no indication of what the informant previously saw the student using : Ubuntu Linux , some other " flavor " of Linux , or even a terminal application on a Macintosh or Windows operating system .
More to the point , however , the baseless assertion that a computer science major 's use of " two different operating systems " must be " to hide his illegal activities " is absurd and was included as part of a laundry list of other unsupported accusations irrelevant to the alleged " crimes " for which the officer sought the warrant : sending e-mails to a Boston College mailing list .
These claims do nothing to help establish probable cause that sending such e-mails could possibly constitute those crimes .
As we argued in our brief , they can't .
( An unsupported , contextless allegation of a separate incident of " hacking the grading system , " for example , does n't help the police meet their burden . )
The unwarranted implication -- that because the student used an " uncommon " operating system and / or is technically sophisticated , he is more likely to be engaged in criminal activity -- should give one considerable pause .
Here are the relevant paragraphs in full :
Update III : On May 21 , 2009 , the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court granted Mr. Calixte 's Motion to Quash and ordered that all searching of his property cease and that his property be returned immediately .
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - Government ministers from 120 countries , scientists and campaigners meet in Istanbul this week to discuss how to avert a global water crisis and ease tensions between states fighting over rivers , lakes and glaciers .
Drinking water is displayed at a booth during Singapore International Water Week , a gathering for the global water industry , June 26 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Vivek Prakash
Nearly half of the world ’s people will be living in areas of acute water shortage by 2030 , the United Nations warned last week , and an estimated 1 billion people remain without access to safe drinking water and sanitation .
The world ’s population of 6.6 billion is forecast to rise by 2.5 billion by 2050 .
Most of the growth will be in developing countries , much of it in regions where water is already scarce .
As populations and living standards rise , a global water crisis looms unless countries take urgent action , the international body said .
“ Water is not enough of a political issue , ” said Daniel Zimmer , associate general of the World Water Council , one of the organizations behind the World Water Forum .
“ One of the targets is to make politicians understand that water should be higher up on their domestic agenda and care that it is a necessity for the welfare , stability and health of their populations . ”
Because of the lack of political attention , hundreds of millions of people remain trapped in poverty and ill health and exposed to the risk of water - related disasters , the U.N. warns .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon has said water scarcity is a “ potent fuel for wars and conflict . ”
Water shortages have been named as a major underlying cause of the conflict in Darfur in western Sudan .
Water is also a major issue between Israel and its Arab neighbors , and the states of Central Asia , one of the world ’s driest places , where thirsty crops such as cotton and grain remain the main source of livelihood .
Tajikistan has asked World Water Forum organizers to mediate in its dispute with Kyrgyzstan over water during the conference , World Water Forum Vice Secretary Ahmet Mete Saatci told Reuters .
Other subjects on the agenda for the talks from March 16 - 22 will be how to avert catastrophic floods and droughts as climate patterns change , and how the global financial crisis threatens to hit large - scale water infrastructure projects within the next several years .
The heads of state , environment and development ministers , scientists and development organizations hope to draw up a list of recommendations to help safeguard water resources and to share experiences where projects have been successful .
Among the heads of states attending the conference is Iraq ’s President Jalal Talabani .
UTF -8 SAMPLER
¥ · £ · € · $ · ¢ · ₡ · ₢ · ₣ · ₤ · ₥ · ₦ · ₧ · ₨ · ₩ · ₪ · ₫ · ₭ · ₮ · ₯ · ₹
THIS IS AN OUTDATED VERSION OF THIS PAGE .
SEE THE CURRENT ONE AT :
http://kermitproject.org/utf8.html
U TF - 8 is an ASCII - preserving encoding method for Unicode ( ISO 10646 ) , the Universal Character Set ( UCS ) .
The UCS encodes most of the world 's writing systems in a single character set , allowing you to mix languages and scripts within a document without needing any tricks for switching character sets .
This web page is encoded directly in UTF - 8 .
As shown HERE , Columbia University 's Kermit 95 terminal emulation software can display UTF - 8 plain text in Windows 95 , 98 , ME , NT , XP , Vista , or Windows 7 when using a monospace Unicode font like Andale Mono WT J or Everson Mono Terminal , or the lesser populated Courier New , Lucida Console , or Andale Mono .
C- Kermit can handle it too , if you have a Unicode display .
As many languages as are representable in your font can be seen on the screen at the same time .
This , however , is a Web page , which started out as a kind of stress test for UTF - 8 support in Web browsers , which was spotty when this page was first created but which has become standard in all modern browsers .
The problem now is mainly the fonts and the browser 's ( or font 's ) support for the nonzero Unicode planes ( as in , e.g. , the Braille and Gothic examples below ) .
And to some extent the rendition of combining sequences , right - to - left rendition ( Arabic , Hebrew ) , and so on .
CLICK HERE for a survey of Unicode fonts for Windows .
The subtitle above shows currency symbols of many lands .
If they do n't appear as blobs , we 're off to a good start !
( The one on the end is the new Indian Rupee sign which wo n't show up in fonts for a while . )
Rune Poem
ᚠᛇᚻ᛫ᛒᛦᚦ᛫ᚠᚱᚩᚠᚢᚱ᛫ᚠᛁᚱᚪ᛫ᚷᛖᚻᚹᛦᛚᚳᚢᛗ
ᛋᚳᛖᚪᛚ᛫ᚦᛖᚪᚻ᛫ᛗᚪᚾᚾᚪ᛫ᚷᛖᚻᚹᛦᛚᚳ᛫ᛗᛁᚳᛚᚢᚾ᛫ᚻᛦᛏ᛫ᛞᚫᛚᚪᚾ
ᚷᛁᚠ᛫ᚻᛖ᛫ᚹᛁᛚᛖ᛫ᚠᚩᚱ᛫ᛞᚱᛁᚻᛏᚾᛖ᛫ᛞᚩᛗᛖᛋ᛫ᚻᛚᛇᛏᚪᚾ᛬
From Laȝamon 's Brut ( The Chronicles of England , Middle English , West Midlands ) :
An preost wes on leoden , Laȝamon was ihoten
He wes Leovenaðes sone -- liðe him be Drihten .
He wonede at Ernleȝe at æðelen are chirechen ,
Uppen Sevarne staþe , sel þar him þuhte ,
Onfest Radestone , þer he bock radde .
( The third letter in the author 's name is Yogh , missing from many fonts ; CLICK HERE for another Middle English sample with some explanation of letters and encoding ) .
From the Tagelied of Wolfram von Eschenbach ( Middle High German ) :
Sîne klâwen durh die wolken sint geslagen ,
er stîget ûf mit grôzer kraft ,
ich sih in grâwen tägelîch als er wil tagen ,
den tac , der im geselleschaft
erwenden wil , dem werden man ,
den ich mit sorgen în verliez .
ich bringe in hinnen , ob ich kan .
sîn vil manegiu tugent michz leisten hiez .
Some lines of Odysseus Elytis ( Greek ) :
Monotonic : Τη γλώ σσα μου έδω σαν ελληνικ ή
το σ πίτι φτωχικ ό στι ς αμμουδιέ ς του Ομήρου .
Μονάχη έγνοια η γλώ σσα μου στι ς αμμουδιέ ς του Ομήρου .
από το Άξιον Εστί
του Οδυ σ σέα Ελύτη Polytonic :
Τὴ γλῶ σσα μοῦ ἔδω σαν ἑλληνικ ὴ
τὸ σ πίτι φτωχικὸ σ τὶ ς ἀμμουδιὲ ς τοῦ Ὁμήρο υ .
Μονάχη ἔγνοια ἡ γλῶ σσα μου σ τὶ ς ἀμμουδιὲ ς τοῦ Ὁμήρου .
ἀπὸ τὸ Ἄξιον ἐστ ί
τοῦ Ὀδυ σσέα Ἐλύτη
The first stanza of Pushkin 's Bronze Horseman ( Russian ) :
На берегу пустынных вол н
Стоял он , дум великих полн ,
И вдаль глядел .
Пред ним широк о
Река неслася ; бедный чёл н
По ней стремился одиноко .
По мшистым , топким берега м
Чернели избы здесь и там ,
Приют убогого чухонца ;
И лес , неведомый луча м
В тумане спрятанного солнца ,
Кругом шумел .
Šota Rustaveli's Veṗxis Ṭq̇aosani , ̣︡Th , The Knight in the Tiger 's Skin ( Georgian ) :
ვეპხის ტყაოსანი შოთა რუსთაველი ღმერთსი შემვედრე , ნუთუ კვლა დამხსნას სოფლისა შრომასა , ცეცხლს , წყალსა და მიწასა , ჰაერთა თანა მრომასა ; მომცნეს ფრთენი და აღვფრინდე , მივჰხვდე მას ჩემსა ნდომასა , დღისით და ღამით ვჰხედვიდე მზისა ელვათა კრთომაასა .
Tamil poetry of Subramaniya Bharathiyar : சுப்ரமணிய பாரதியார் ( 1882-1921 ) :
யாமறிந்த மொழிகளிலே தமிழ்மொழி போல் இனிதாவது எங்கும் காணோம் ,
பாமரராய் விலங்குகளாய் , உலகனைத்தும் இகழ்ச்சிசொலப் பான்மை கெட்டு ,
நாமமது தமிழரெனக் கொண்டு இங்கு வாழ்ந்திடுதல் நன்றோ ?
சொல்லீர்!
தேமதுரத் தமிழோசை உலகமெலாம் பரவும்வகை செய்தல் வேண்டும் .
Kannada poetry by Kuvempu — ಬಾ ಇಲ್ಲಿ ಸಂಭವಿಸ ು
ಬಾ ಇಲ್ಲಿ ಸಂಭವಿಸು ಇಂದೆನ್ನ ಹೃದಯದಲ ಿ
ನಿತ್ಯವೂ ಅವತರಿಪ ಸತ್ಯಾವತಾರ ಮಣ್ಣಾಗಿ ಮರವಾಗಿ ಮಿಗವಾಗಿ ಕಗವಾಗೀ ...
ಮಣ್ಣಾಗಿ ಮರವಾಗಿ ಮಿಗವಾಗಿ ಕಗವಾಗ ಿ
ಭವ ಭವದಿ ಭತಿಸಿಹೇ ಭವತಿ ದೂ ರ
ನಿತ್ಯವೂ ಅವತರಿಪ ಸತ್ಯಾವತಾರ || ಬಾ ಇಲ್ಲಿ ||
Sanskrit : ﻿काचं शक्नोम्यत्तुम् । नोपहिनस्ति माम् ॥ Sanskrit ( standard transcription ) : kācaṃ śaknomyattum ; nopahinasti mām .
Classical Greek : ὕαλον ϕαγεῖν δύναμαι· τοῦτο οὔ με βλάπτει .
Greek ( monotonic ) : Μπορώ να φάω σ πα σ μένα γυαλιά χ ω ρί ς να πάθω τίποτα .
Greek ( polytonic ) : Μπορῶ νὰ φάω σ πα σ μένα γυαλιὰ χ ω ρὶ ς νὰ πάθω τίποτα .
Etruscan : ( NEEDED ) Latin : Vitrum edere possum ; mihi non nocet .
Old French : Je puis mangier del voirre .
Ne me nuit .
French :
Je peux manger du verre , ça ne me fait pas mal .
Provençal / Occitan : Pòdi manjar de veire , me nafrariá pas .
Québécois : J'peux manger d'la vitre , ça m'fa pas mal .
Walloon : Dji pou magnî do vêre , çoula m ' freut nén må .
Champenois : ( NEEDED )
Lorrain : ( NEEDED ) Picard : Ch'peux mingi du verre , cha m'foé mie n'ma .
Corsican / Corsu : ( NEEDED )
Jèrriais : ( NEEDED ) Kreyòl Ayisyen ( Haitï ) : Mwen kap manje vè , li pa blese'm .
Basque : Kristala jan dezaket , ez dit minik ematen .
Catalan / Català : Puc menjar vidre , que no em fa mal .
Spanish : Puedo comer vidrio , no me hace daño .
Aragonés : Puedo minchar beire , no me 'n fa mal .
Aranés : ( NEEDED )
Mallorquín : ( NEEDED ) Galician : Eu podo xantar cristais e non cortarme .
European Portuguese : Posso comer vidro , não me faz mal .
Brazilian Portuguese ( 8 ) : Posso comer vidro , não me machuca .
Caboverdiano / Kabuverdianu ( Cape Verde ) : M ' podê cumê vidru , ca ta maguâ -m ' .
Papiamentu : Ami por kome glas anto e no ta hasimi daño .
Italian : Posso mangiare il vetro e non mi fa male .
Milanese : Sôn bôn de magnà el véder , el me fa minga mal .
Roman : Me posso magna ' er vetro , e nun me fa male .
Napoletano : M ' pozz magna ' o'vetr , e nun m' fa mal .
Venetian : Mi posso magnare el vetro , no'l me fa mae .
Zeneise ( Genovese ) : Pòsso mangiâ o veddro e o no me fà mâ .
Sicilian : Puotsu mangiari u vitru , nun mi fa mali .
Campinadese ( Sardinia ) : ( NEEDED )
Lugudorese ( Sardinia ) : ( NEEDED ) Romansch ( Grischun ) : Jau sai mangiar vaider , senza che quai fa donn a mai .
Romany / Tsigane : ( NEEDED ) Romanian :
Pot să mănânc sticlă și ea nu mă rănește .
Esperanto :
Mi povas manĝi vitron , ĝi ne damaĝas min .
Pictish : ( NEEDED )
Breton : ( NEEDED ) Cornish :
Mý a yl dybry gwéder hag éf ny wra ow ankenya .
Welsh :
Dw i'n gallu bwyta gwydr , ' dyw e ddim yn gwneud dolur i mi .
Manx Gaelic : Foddym gee glonney agh cha jean eh gortaghey mee .
Old Irish ( Ogham ) : ᚛᚛ᚉᚑᚅᚔᚉᚉᚔᚋ ᚔᚈᚔ ᚍᚂᚐᚅᚑ ᚅᚔᚋᚌᚓᚅᚐ ᚜ Old Irish ( Latin ) : Con·iccim ithi nglano .
Ním·géna .
Irish :
Is féidir liom gloinne a ithe .
Ní dhéanann sí dochar ar bith dom .
Ulster Gaelic : Ithim - sa gloine agus ní miste damh é. Scottish Gaelic : S urrainn dhomh gloinne ithe ; cha ghoirtich i mi .
Anglo - Saxon ( Runes ) : ᛁᚳ᛫ᛗᚨᚷ᛫ᚷᛚᚨᛋ᛫ᛖᚩᛏᚪᚾ᛫ᚩᚾᛞ᛫ᚻᛁᛏ᛫ᚾᛖ᛫ᚻᛖᚪᚱᛗᛁᚪᚧ᛫ᛗᛖ᛬
Anglo - Saxon ( Latin ) : Ic mæg glæs eotan ond hit ne hearmiað me .
Middle English : Ich canne glas eten and hit hirtiþ me nouȝt .
English : I can eat glass and it does n't hurt me .
English ( IPA ) : [ aɪ kæn iːt glɑːs ænd ɪt dɐz nɒt hɜːt miː ] ( Received Pronunciation ) English ( Braille ) : ⠊⠀⠉⠁⠝⠀⠑⠁⠞⠀⠛⠇⠁⠎⠎⠀⠁⠝⠙⠀⠊⠞⠀⠙⠕⠑⠎⠝⠞⠀⠓⠥⠗⠞⠀⠍⠑
Jamaican : Mi kian niam glas han i neba hot mi .
Lalland Scots / Doric :
Ah can eat gless , it disnae hurt us .
Glaswegian : ( NEEDED ) Gothic ( 4 ) : ЌЌЌ ЌЌЌЍ Ќ̈ЍЌЌ , ЌЌ ЌЌЍ ЍЌ ЌЌЌЌ ЌЍЌЌЌЌЌ .
Old Norse ( Runes ) : ᛖᚴ ᚷᛖᛏ ᛖᛏᛁ ᚧ ᚷᛚᛖᚱ ᛘᚾ ᚦᛖᛋᛋ ᚨᚧ ᚡᛖ ᚱᚧᚨ ᛋᚨᚱ Old Norse ( Latin ) : Ek get etið gler án þess að verða sár .
Norsk / Norwegian ( Nynorsk ) : Eg kan eta glas utan å skada meg .
Norsk / Norwegian ( Bokmål ) : Jeg kan spise glass uten å skade meg .
Føroyskt / Faroese : Eg kann eta glas , skaðaleysur .
Íslenska / Icelandic :
Ég get etið gler án þess að meiða mig .
Svenska / Swedish : Jag kan äta glas utan att skada mig .
Dansk / Danish : Jeg kan spise glas , det gør ikke ondt på mig .
Sønderjysk : Æ ka æe glass uhen at det go mæ naue .
Frysk / Frisian :
Ik kin glês ite , it docht me net sear .
Nederlands / Dutch :
Ik kan glas eten , het doet mĳ geen kwaad .
Kirchröadsj / Bôchesserplat : Iech ken glaas èèse , mer 't deet miech jing pieng .
Afrikaans :
Ek kan glas eet , maar dit doen my nie skade nie .
Lëtzebuergescht / Luxemburgish : Ech kan Glas iessen , daat deet mir nët wei .
Deutsch / German : Ich kann
Glas essen , ohne mir zu schaden .
Ruhrdeutsch : Ich kann Glas verkasematuckeln , ohne dattet mich wat jucken tut .
Langenfelder Platt : Isch kann Jlaas kimmeln , uuhne datt mich datt weh dääd .
Lausitzer Mundart ( " Lusatian " ) : Ich koann Gloos assn und doas dudd merr ni wii .
Odenwälderisch : Iech konn glaasch voschbachteln ohne dass es mir ebbs daun doun dud .
Sächsisch / Saxon : ' sch kann
Glos essn , ohne dass 'sch mer wehtue .
Pfälzisch : Isch konn
Glass fresse ohne dasses mer ebbes ausmache dud .
Schwäbisch / Swabian : I kå Glas frässa , ond des macht mr nix !
Deutsch ( Voralberg ) : I ka glas eassa , ohne dass mar weh tuat .
Bayrisch / Bavarian : I koh Glos esa , und es duard ma ned wei .
Allemannisch : I kaun Gloos essen , es tuat ma ned weh .
Schwyzerdütsch ( Zürich ) : Ich chan Glaas ässe , das schadt mir nöd .
Schwyzerdütsch ( Luzern ) : Ech cha Glâs ässe , das schadt mer ned .
Plautdietsch : ( NEEDED ) Hungarian : Meg tudom enni az üveget , nem lesz tőle bajom .
Suomi / Finnish : Voin syödä lasia , se ei vahingoita minua .
Sami ( Northern ) : Sáhtán borrat lása , dat ii leat bávččas .
Erzian :
Мон ярсан суликадо , ды зыян эйстэнзэ а ули .
Northern Karelian :
Mie voin syvvä lasie ta minla ei ole kipie .
Southern Karelian : Minä voin syvvä st'oklua dai minule ei ole kibie .
Vepsian : ( NEEDED )
Votian : ( NEEDED )
Livonian : ( NEEDED ) Estonian :
Ma võin klaasi süüa , see ei tee mulle midagi .
Latvian :
Es varu ēst stiklu , tas man nekaitē .
Lithuanian :
Aš galiu valgyti stiklą ir jis manęs nežeidžia
Old Prussian : ( NEEDED )
Sorbian ( Wendish ) : ( NEEDED ) Czech : Mohu jíst sklo , neublíží mi .
Slovak : Môžem jesť sklo .
Nezraní ma . Polska / Polish : Mogę jeść szkło i mi nie szkodzi .
Slovenian : Lahko jem steklo , ne da bi mi škodovalo .
Bosnian , Croatian , Montenegrin and Serbian ( Latin ) : Ja mogu jesti staklo , i to mi ne šteti .
Bosnian , Montenegrin and Serbian ( Cyrillic ) :
Ја могу јести стакло , и то ми не штети .
Macedonian : Можам да јадам стакло , а не ме штета .
Russian : Я могу есть стекло , оно мне не вредит .
Belarusian ( Cyrillic ) : Я магу есці шкло , яно мне не шкодзіць .
Belarusian ( Lacinka ) : Ja mahu jeści škło , jano mne ne škodzić .
Ukrainian : Я можу їсти скло , і воно мені не зашкодить .
Bulgarian : Мога да ям стъкло , то не ми вреди .
Georgian : მინას ვჭამ და არა მტკივა .
Armenian : Կրնամ ապակի ուտել և ինծի անհանգիստ չըներ ։
Albanian :
Unë mund të ha qelq dhe nuk më gjen gjë .
Turkish : Cam yiyebilirim , bana zararı dokunmaz .
Turkish ( Ottoman ) : جام ييه بلورم بڭا ضررى طوقونمز Bangla / Bengali : আমি কাঁচ খেতে পারি , তাতে আমার কোনো ক্ষতি হয় না। Marathi : मी काच खाऊ शकतो , मला ते दुखत नाही .
Kannada : ನನಗೆ ಹಾನಿ ಆಗದೆ , ನಾನು ಗಜನ್ನು ತಿನಬಹುದ ು Hindi : मैं काँच खा सकता हूँ और मुझे उससे कोई चोट नहीं पहुंचती .
Tamil : நான் கண்ணாடி சாப்பிடுவேன் , அதனால் எனக்கு ஒரு கேடும் வராது .
Telugu : నేను గాజు తినగలను మరియు అలా చేసినా నాకు ఏమి ఇబ్బంది లేదు Sinhalese : මට වීදුරු කෑමට හැකියි .
එයින් මට කිසි හානියක් සිදු නොවේ .
Urdu( 3 ) : میں کانچ کھا سکتا ہوں اور مجھے تکلیف نہیں ہوتی ۔ Pashto ( 3 ) : زه شيشه خوړلې شم، هغه ما نه خوږوي Farsi / Persian ( 3 ) : .من می توانم ب دونِ احساس درد شيشه بخورم Arabic ( 3 ) : أ نا قادر على أكل الزجاج و هذا لا يؤلمني .
Aramaic : ( NEEDED ) Maltese : Nista ' niekol il - ħġieġ u ma jagħmilli xejn . Hebrew ( 3 ) : אני יכול לאכול זכוכית וזה לא מזיק לי. Yiddish ( 3 ) : איך קען עסן גלאָז און עס טוט מיר נישט װײ .
Judeo - Arabic : ( NEEDED )
Ladino : ( NEEDED )
Gǝʼǝz : ( NEEDED )
Amharic : ( NEEDED ) Twi : Metumi awe tumpan , ɜnyɜ me hwee .
Hausa ( Latin ) : Inā iya taunar gilāshi kuma in gamā lāfiyā .
Hausa ( Ajami ) ( 2 ) : إِنا إِىَ تَونَر غِلَاشِ كُمَ إِن غَمَا لَافِىَا Yoruba ( 4 ) :
Mo lè je̩ dígí , kò ní pa mí lára .
Lingala : Nakokí kolíya biténi bya milungi , ekosála ngáí mabé tɛ́ .
( Ki ) Swahili : Naweza kula bilauri na sikunyui .
Malay : Saya boleh makan kaca dan ia tidak mencederakan saya .
Tagalog : Kaya kong kumain nang bubog at hindi ako masaktan .
Chamorro : Siña yo ' chumocho krestat , ti ha na'lalamen yo' .
Fijian :
Au rawa ni kana iloilo , ia au sega ni vakacacani kina .
Javanese : Aku isa mangan beling tanpa lara .
Burmese : က္ယ္ဝန္‌တော္‌၊က္ယ္ဝန္‌မ
မ္ယက္‌စားနုိင္‌သည္‌။
၎က္ရောင္‌့ ထိခုိက္‌မ္ဟု မရ္ဟိပာ။ ( 9 ) Vietnamese ( quốc ngữ ) :
Tôi có thể ăn thủy tinh mà không hại gì .
Vietnamese ( nôm ) ( 4 ) : 些 ࣎ 世 咹 水 晶 ও 空 ࣎ 害 咦 Khmer : ខ្ញុំអាចញុំកញ្ចក់បាន ដោយគ្មានបញ្ហារ Lao : ຂອ້ຍກິນແກ້ວໄດ້ໂດຍທີ່ມັນບໍ່ໄດ້ເຮັດໃຫ້ຂອ້ຍເຈັບ .
Thai : ฉันกินกระจกได้ แต่มันไม่ทำให้ฉันเจ็บ Mongolian ( Cyrillic ) :
Би шил идэй чадна , надад хортой биш Mongolian ( Classic ) ( 5 ) : ᠪᠢ ᠰᠢᠯᠢ ᠢᠳᠡᠶᠦ ᠴᠢᠳᠠᠨᠠ ᠂ ᠨᠠᠳᠤᠷ ᠬᠣᠤᠷᠠᠳᠠᠢ ᠪᠢᠰ ᠢ
Dzongkha : ( NEEDED ) Nepali : ﻿म काँच खान सक्छू र मलाई केहि नी हुन्‍न् । Tibetan : ཤེལ་སྒོ་ཟ་ནས་ང་ན་གི་མ་རེད།
Chinese : 我能吞下玻璃而不伤身体。 Chinese ( Traditional ) : 我能吞下玻璃而不傷身體。 Taiwanese ( 6 ) : Góa ē- tàng chia̍h po-lê , mā bē tio̍h - siong .
Japanese : 私はガラスを食べられます。それは私を傷つけません。
Korean : 나는 유리를 먹을 수 있어요 .
그래도 아프지 않아요 Bislama :
Mi save kakae glas , hemi no save katem mi .
Hawaiian : Hiki iaʻu ke ʻai i ke aniani ; ʻaʻole nō lā au e ʻeha .
Marquesan : E koʻana e kai i te karahi , mea ʻā , ʻaʻe hauhau .
Inuktitut ( 10 ) : ᐊᓕᒍᖅ ᓂᕆᔭᕌᖓᒃᑯ ᓱᕋᙱᑦᑐᓐᓇᖅᑐᖓ Chinook Jargon : Naika məkmək kakshət labutay , pi weyk ukuk munk - sik nay .
Navajo : Tsésǫʼ yishą́ ągo bííníshghah dóó doo shił neezgai da .
Cherokee ( and Cree , Chickasaw , Cree , Micmac , Ojibwa , Lakota , Náhuatl , Quechua , Aymara , and other American languages ) : ( NEEDED )
Garifuna : ( NEEDED )
Gullah : ( NEEDED ) Lojban : mi kakne le nu citka le blaci .iku 'i le se go 'i na xrani mi Nórdicg : Ljœr ye caudran créneþ ý jor cẃran .
( Additions , corrections , completions , gratefuly accepted . )
For testing purposes , some of these are repeated in a monospace font . . .
Euro Symbol : €. Greek : Μπορώ να φάω σ πα σ μένα γυαλιά χ ω ρί ς να πάθω τίποτα .
Íslenska / Icelandic :
Ég get etið gler án þess að meiða mig .
Polish : Mogę jeść szkło , i mi nie szkodzi .
Romanian :
Pot să mănânc sticlă și ea nu mă rănește .
Ukrainian : Я можу їсти шкло , й воно мені не пошкодить .
Armenian : Կրնամ ապակի ուտել և ինծի անհանգիստ չըներ։ Georgian : მინას ვჭამ და არა მტკივა .
Hindi : मैं काँच खा सकता हूँ , मुझे उस से कोई पीडा नहीं होती .
Hebrew ( 2 ) : אני יכול לאכול זכוכית וזה לא מזיק לי. Yiddish ( 2 ) : איך קען עסן גלאָז און עס טוט מיר נישט װײ. Arabic ( 2 ) : أنا قادر على أكل الزجاج و هذا لا يؤلمني .
Japanese : 私はガラスを食べられます。それは私を傷つけません。
Thai : ฉันกินกระจกได้ แต่มันไม่ทำให้ฉันเจ็บ
Notes :
The " I can eat glass " phrase and initial translations ( about 30 of them ) were borrowed from Ethan Mollick 's I Can Eat Glass page ( which disappeared on or about June 2004 ) and converted to UTF - 8 .
Since Ethan 's original page is gone , I should mention that his purpose was to offer travelers a phrase they could use in any country that would command a certain kind of respect , or at least get attention .
See Credits for the many additional contributions since then .
When submitting new entries , the word " hurt " ( if you have a choice ) is used in the sense of " cause harm " , " do damage " , or " bother " , rather than " inflict pain " or " make sad " .
In this vein Otto Stolz comments ( as do others further down ; personally I think it 's better for the purpose of this page to have extra entries and / or to show a greater repertoire of characters than it is to enforce a strict interpretation of the word " hurt " ! ) :
This is the meaning I have translated to the Swabian dialect .
However , I just have noticed that most of the German variants translate the " inflict pain " meaning .
The German example should read : " Ich kann Glas essen ohne mir zu schaden . " rather than : " Ich kann Glas essen , ohne mir weh zu tun . "
( The comma fell victim to the 1996 orthographic reform , cf . http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P76 .
You may wish to contact the contributors of the following translations to correct them : Lëtzebuergescht / Luxemburgish : Ech kan Glas iessen , daat deet mir nët wei .
Lausitzer Mundart ( " Lusatian " ) : Ich koann Gloos assn und doas dudd merr ni wii .
Sächsisch / Saxon : ' sch kann
Glos essn , ohne dass 'sch mer wehtue .
Bayrisch / Bavarian : I koh Glos esa , und es duard ma ned wei .
Allemannisch : I kaun Gloos essen , es tuat ma ned weh .
Schwyzerdütsch : Ich chan Glaas ässe , das tuet mir nöd weeh .
In contrast , I deem the following translations * alright * : Ruhrdeutsch : Ich kann Glas verkasematuckeln , ohne dattet mich wat jucken tut .
Pfälzisch : Isch konn
Glass fresse ohne dasses mer ebbes ausmache dud .
Schwäbisch / Swabian : I kå Glas frässa , ond des macht mr nix !
( However , you could remove the commas , on account of http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P76 and http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P72 , respectively . )
I guess , also these examples translate the wrong sense of " hurt " , though I do not know these languages well enough to assert them definitely : Nederlands / Dutch :
Ik kan glas eten ; het doet mĳ geen pĳn .
( This one has been changed )
Kirchröadsj / Bôchesserplat :
Iech ken glaas èèse , mer 't deet miech jing pieng .
In the Romanic languages , the variations on " fa male " ( it ) are probably wrong , whilst the variations on " hace daño " ( es ) and " damaĝas " ( Esperanto ) are probably correct ; " nocet " ( la ) is definitely right .
The northern Germanic variants of " skada " are probably right , as are the Slavic variants of " škodi/шкоди " ( se ) ; however the Slavic variants of " boli " ( hv ) are probably wrong , as " bolena " means " pain / ache " , IIRC .
That was from July 2004 .
In December 2007 , Otto writes again : Hello Frank , in days of yore , I had written :
> " Ich kann Glas essen ohne mir zu schaden . "
> ( The comma fell victim to the 1996 orthographic reform , cf . http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/e3-1.html#P76.
The latest revision ( 2006 ) of the official German orthography has revived the comma around infinitive clauses commencing with ohne , or 5 other conjunctions , or depending from a noun or from an announcing demonstrative ( http://www.ids-mannheim.de/reform/regeln2006.pdf, § 75 ) .
So , it 's again : Ich kann Glas essen , ohne mir zu schaden .
Best wishes ,
Otto Stolz
The numbering of the samples is arbitrary , done only to keep track of how many there are , and can change any time a new entry is added .
The arrangement is also arbitrary but with some attempt to group related examples together .
Note :
All languages not listed are wanted , not just the ones that say ( NEEDED ) .
Correct right - to - left display of these languages depends on the capabilities of your browser .
The period should appear on the left .
In the monospace Yiddish example , the Yiddish digraphs should occupy one character cell .
Yoruba :
The third word is Latin letter small ' j ' followed by small 'e ' with U+0329 , Combining Vertical Line Below .
This displays correctly only if your Unicode font includes the U+0329 glyph and your browser supports combining diacritical marks .
The Lingala and Indic examples also include combining sequences .
Includes Unicode 3.1 ( or later ) characters beyond Plane 0 .
The Classic Mongolian example should be vertical , top - to - bottom and left - to - right .
But such display is almost impossible .
Also no font yet exists which provides the proper ligatures and positional variants for the characters of this script , which works somewhat like Arabic .
Taiwanese is also known as Holo or Hoklo , and is related to Southern Min dialects such as Amoy .
Contributed by Henry H. Tan -Tenn , who comments , " The above is the romanized version , in a script current among Taiwanese Christians since the mid-19th century .
It was invented by British missionaries and saw use in hundreds of published works , mostly of a religious nature .
Most Taiwanese did not know Chinese characters then , or at least not well enough to read .
More to the point , though , a written standard using Chinese characters has never developed , so a significant minority of words are represented with different candidate characters , depending on one 's personal preference or etymological theory .
In this sentence , for example , " - tàng " , " chia̍h " , " mā " and " bē " are problematic using Chinese characters .
" Góa " ( I / me ) and " po-lê " ( glass ) are as written in other Sinitic languages ( e.g. Mandarin , Hakka ) . "
Wagner Amaral of Pinese & Amaral Associados notes that the Brazilian Portuguese sentence for " I can eat glass " should be identical to the Portuguese one , as the word " machuca " means " inflict pain " , or rather " injuries " .
The words " faz mal " would more correctly translate as " cause harm " .
Burmese : In English the first person pronoun " I " stands for both genders , male and female .
In Burmese ( except in the central part of Burma ) kyundaw ( က္ယ္ဝန္‌တော္‌ ) for male and kyanma ( က္ယ္ဝန္‌မ ) for female .
Using here a fully - compliant Unicode Burmese font -- sadly one and only one Padauk Graphite font exists -- rendering using graphite engine .
CLICK HERE to test Burmese characters .
From Louise Hope , 22 November 2010 : I decided to have a go at an Inuktitut rendering , mainly in hopes of shaming someone who actually knows the language into coming up with something better .
Meanwhile , try this : ᐊᓕᒍᖅ ᓂᕆᔭᕌᖓᒃᑯ ᓱᕋᙱᑦᑐᓐᓇᖅᑐ ᖓ
aliguq nirijaraangakku suranngittunnaqtunga
Loosely : I am able not to hurt myself whenever I eat glass .
aliguq >> glass ( uninflected because it is the patient of a transitive verb in an ergative language )
nirijaraangakku >>
" I eat him / her / it " in Frequentative mood ( all one verb with inflectional ending , no affixes whatsoever )
suranngittunnaqtunga >> suraq ( do permanent harm ) + nngit ( verb- negator ) + tunnaq ( ability ) + tunga ( intransitive ending , making the verb passive or reflexive )
See above about someone who knows the language , et cetera .
Script trivia : the syllable ᙱ is a single unicode character representing the two elements ᓐ ( syllable - final n ) and ᖏ ( syllable ngi ) .
I think they just did it that way because it looks tidier than the expected ᓐᖏ .
If your operating system did n't come with Euphemia ( all - purpose UCAS font ) , you can download Pigiarniq .
It comes with a jolly little inuksuk ᐀ that the Unicode Consortium is trying to make into a squatter .
English :
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog .
Jamaican : Chruu , a kwik di kwik brong fox a jomp huova di liezi daag de , yu no siit ?
Irish : " An ḃfuil do ċroí ag bualaḋ ó ḟaitíos an ġrá a ṁeall lena ṗóg éada ó ṡlí do leasa ṫú ? "
" D'ḟuascail Íosa Úrṁac na hÓiġe Beannaiṫe pór Éava agus Áḋaiṁ . "
Dutch :
Pa's wĳze lynx bezag vroom het fikse aquaduct .
German : Falsches Üben von Xylophonmusik quält jeden größeren Zwerg .
( 1 ) German :
Im finſteren Jagdſchloß am offenen Felsquellwaſſer patzte der affig - flatterhafte kauzig - höf‌liche Bäcker über ſeinem verſifften kniffligen C - Xylophon .
( 2 ) Norwegian : Blåbærsyltetøy ( " blueberry jam " , includes every extra letter used in Norwegian ) .
Danish :
Høj bly gom vandt fræk sexquiz på wc .
Swedish : Flygande bäckasiner söka strax hwila på mjuka tuvor .
Icelandic : Sævör grét áðan því úlpan var ónýt .
Finnish : ( 5 ) Törkylempijävongahdus
( This is a perfect pangram , every letter appears only once .
Translating it is an art on its own , but I 'll say " rude lover 's yelp " .
:- D) Finnish : ( 5 ) Albert osti fagotin ja töräytti puhkuvan melodian .
( Albert bought a bassoon and hooted an impressive melody . )
Finnish : ( 5 ) On sangen hauskaa , että polkupyörä on maanteiden jokapäiväinen ilmiö .
( It 's pleasantly amusing , that the bicycle is an everyday sight on the roads . )
Polish : Pchnąć w tę łódź jeża lub osiem skrzyń fig .
Czech : Příliš žluťoučký kůň úpěl ďábelské kódy .
Slovak : Starý kôň na hŕbe kníh žuje tíško povädnuté ruže , na stĺpe sa ďateľ učí kvákať novú ódu o živote .
Greek ( monotonic ) : ξε σ κεπάζω την ψυχοφ θ όρα βδελυ γμία Greek ( polytonic ) : ξε σ κεπάζω τὴν ψυχοφ θ όρα βδελυγμία Russian : Съешь же ещё этих мягких французских булок да выпей чаю .
Russian : В чащах юга жил - был цитрус ?
Да , но фальшивый экземпляр !
ёъ. Bulgarian : Жълтата дюля беше щастлива , че пухът , който цъфна , замръзна като гьон .
Sami ( Northern ) : Vuol Ruoŧa geđggiid leat máŋga luosa ja čuovžža .
Hungarian : Árvíztűrő tükörfúrógép .
Spanish : El pingüino Wenceslao hizo kilómetros bajo exhaustiva lluvia y frío , añoraba a su querido cachorro .
Portuguese : O próximo vôo à noite sobre o Atlântico , põe freqüentemente o único médico .
( 3 ) French : Les naïfs ægithales hâtifs pondant à Noël où il gèle sont sûrs d'être déçus en voyant leurs drôles d'œufs abîmés .
Esperanto : Eĥoŝanĝo ĉiuĵaŭde .
Hebrew : זה כיף סתם לשמוע איך תנצח קרפד עץ טוב בגן .
Japanese ( Hiragana ) : いろはにほへど ちりぬる を
わがよたれぞ つねなら む
うゐのおくやま けふこえ て
あさきゆめみじ ゑひもせ ず ( 4 )
Notes :
Other phrases commonly used in Germany include : " Ein wackerer Bayer vertilgt ja bequem zwo Pfund Kalbshaxe " and , more recently , " Franz jagt im komplett verwahrlosten Taxi quer durch Bayern " , but both lack umlauts and esszet .
Previously , going for the shortest sentence that has all the umlauts and special characters , I had " Grüße aus Bärenhöfe ( und Óechtringen ) ! "
Acute accents are not used in native German words , so I was surprised to discover " Óechtringen " in the Deutsche Bundespost Postleitzahlenbuch :
It 's a small village in eastern Lower Saxony .
The " oe " in this case turns out to be the Lower Saxon " lengthening e " ( Dehnungs -e ) , which makes the previous vowel long ( used in a number of Lower Saxon place names such as Soest and Itzehoe ) , not the " e " that indicates umlaut of the preceding vowel .
Many thanks to the Óechtringen - Namenschreibungsuntersuchungskomitee ( Alex Bochannek , Manfred Erren , Asmus Freytag , Christoph Päper , plus Werner Lemberg who serves as Óechtringen - Namenschreibungsuntersuchungskomiteerechtschreibungsprüfer ) for their relentless pursuit of the facts in this case .
Conclusion : the accent almost certainly does not belong on this ( or any other native German ) word , but neither can it be dismissed as dirt on the page .
To add to the mystery , it has been reported that other copies of the same edition of the PLZB do not show the accent !
UPDATE ( March 2006 ) : David Krings was intrigued enough by this report to contact the mayor of Ebstorf , of which Oechtringen is a borough , who responded : Sehr geehrter Mr. Krings ,
wenn Oechtringen irgendwo mit einem
Akzent auf dem O geschrieben wurde , dann kann das nur ein Fehldruck sein .
Die offizielle Schreibweise lautet jedenfalls „ Oechtringen “ .
Mit freundlichen Grüssen
Der Samtgemeindebürgermeister
i.A. Lothar Jessel From Karl Pentzlin ( Kochel am See , Bavaria , Germany ) : " This German phrase is suited for display by a Fraktur ( broken letter ) font .
It contains : all common three - letter ligatures : ffi ffl fft and all two - letter ligatures required by the Duden for Fraktur typesetting : ch ck ff fi fl ft ll ſch ſi ſſ ſt tz ( all in a manner such they are not part of a three - letter ligature ) , one example of f-l where German typesetting rules prohibit ligating ( marked by a ZWNJ ) , and all German letters a ...z , ä , ö, ü , ß , ſ [ long s ] ( all in a manner such that they are not part of a two - letter Fraktur ligature ) . "
Otto Stolz notes that " ' Schloß ' is now spelled ' Schloss ' , in contrast to ' größer ' ( example 4 ) which has kept its ' ß ' .
Fraktur has been banned from general use , in 1942 , and long -s ( ſ ) has ceased to be used with Antiqua ( Roman ) even earlier ( the latest Antiqua - ſ
I have seen is from 1913 , but then I am no expert , so there may well be a later instance . "
Later
Otto confirms the latter theory , " Now I 've run across a book “ Deutsche Rechtschreibung ” ( edited by Lutz Mackensen ) from 1954 ( my reprint is from 1956 ) that has kept the Antiqua -ſ in its dictionary part ( but neither in the preface nor in the appendix ) . "
Diaeresis is not used in Iberian Portuguese .
From Yurio Miyazawa : " This poetry contains all the sounds in the Japanese language and used to be the first thing for children to learn in their Japanese class .
The Hiragana version is particularly neat because it covers every character in the phonetic Hiragana character set . "
Yurio also sent the Kanji version : 色は匂へど 散りぬる を
我が世誰ぞ 常なら む
有為の奥山 今日越え て
浅き夢見じ 酔ひもせず Finnish pangrams from Mikko Ristilä .
Accented Cyrillic :
( This section contributed by Vladimir Marinov . )
In Bulgarian it is desirable , customary , or in some cases required to write accents over vowels .
Unfortunately , no computer character sets contain the full repertoire of accented Cyrillic letters .
With Unicode , however , it is possible to combine any Cyrillic letter with any combining accent .
The appearance of the result depends on the font and the rendering engine .
Here are two examples .
Той видя бялата коса́ по главата и́ и ко́са на рамото и́ , и ре́че да и́ рече́ : " Пара́т а по́ па́ри от па́рата , не ща пари́ ! " , но си поми́сли : " Хей , помисли́ си !
А́ и́ река , а́ е скочила в тази река , която щеше да тече́ , а не те́че . "
По пъ́тя пъту́ват кю́рди и югославя́ни .
АБВГДЕЖЗИЙКЛМНОПРСТУФХЦЧШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯ
( Literal UTF - 8 ) АБВГДЕЖЗИЙКЛМНОПРСТУФХЦЧШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯ
( Decimal numeric character reference ) АБВГДЕЖЗИЙКЛМНОПРСТУФХЦЧШЩЪЫЬЭЮЯ
( Hexadecimal numeric character reference )
In another test , we use HTML language tags to distinguish Bulgarian , Russian , and Serbian , which have different italic forms for lowercase б , г , д , п , and / or т :
Bulgarian : [ бгдпт ] [ бгдпт ]
Мога да ям стъкло и не ме боли .
Russian : [ бгдпт ] [ бгдпт ]
Я могу есть стекло , это мне не вредит .
Serbian : [ бгдпт ] [ бгдпт ]
Могу јести стакло а да ми не шкоди .
Credits :
The " I can eat glass " phrase and the initial collection of translations : Ethan Mollick .
Transcription / conversion to UTF - 8 : Frank da Cruz .
Albanian : Sindi Keesan .
Afrikaans : Johan Fourie , Kevin Poalses .
Anglo Saxon : Frank da Cruz .
Arabic : Najib Tounsi .
Armenian : Vaçe Kundakçı .
Belarusian : Alexey Chernyak , Patricia Clausnitzer .
Bengali : Somnath Purkayastha , Deepayan Sarkar .
Bislama : Dan McGarry .
Bosnian : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff .
Braille : Frank da Cruz .
Bulgarian : Sindi Keesan , Guentcho Skordev , Vladimir Marinov .
Burmese : " cetanapa " .
Cabo Verde Creole : Cláudio Alexandre Duarte .
Catalán : Jordi Bancells .
Chinese : Jack Soo , Wong Pui Lam .
Chinook Jargon : David Robertson .
Cornish : Chris Stephens .
Croatian : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff , Marjan Baće .
Czech : Stanislav Pecha , Radovan Garabík .
Danish : Morten Due Jorgensen .
Dutch : Peter Gotink .
Pim Blokland , Rob Daniel , Rob de Wit. Erzian : Jack Rueter .
Esperanto : Franko Luin , Radovan Garabík .
Estonian : Meelis Roos .
Faroese : Jón Gaasedal .
Farsi / Persian : Payam Elahi .
Fijian : Paul Cannon .
Finnish : Sampsa Toivanen , Mikko Ristilä .
French : Luc Carissimo , Anne Colin du Terrail , Sean M. Burke , Theo Morelli .
Galician : Laura Probaos .
Georgian : Giorgi Lebanidze .
German : Christoph Päper , Otto Stolz , Karl Pentzlin , David Krings , Frank da Cruz , Peter Keel ( Seegras ) , Elias Glantschnig .
Gothic : Aurélien Coudurier .
Greek : Ariel Glenn , Constantine Stathopoulos , Siva Nataraja , Christos Georgiou .
Hebrew : Jonathan Rosenne , Tal Barnea .
Hausa : Malami Buba , Tom Gewecke .
Hawaiian : na Hauʻoli Motta , Anela de Rego , Kaliko Trapp .
Hindi : Shirish Kalele , Nitin Dahra .
Hungarian : András Rácz , Mark Holczhammer .
Icelandic : Andrés Magnússon , Sveinn Baldursson .
International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) : Siva Nataraja / Vincent Ramos .
Inuktitut : Louise Hope .
Irish : Michael Everson , Marion Gunn , James Kass , Curtis Clark .
Italian : Thomas De Bellis .
Jamaican : Stephen J. Cherin .
Japanese : Makoto Takahashi , Yurio Miyazawa .
Kannada : Sridhar R N , Alok G. Singh .
Karelian : Aleksandr Semakov .
Khmer : Tola Sann . Kirchröadsj : Roger Stoffers .
Kreyòl : Sean M. Burke .
Korean : Jungshik Shin. Langenfelder Platt : David Krings .
Lao : Tola Sann. Lëtzebuergescht : Stefaan Eeckels .
Lingala : Denis Moyogo Jacquerye ( Nkóta ya Kɔ́ngɔ míbalé ) ( Nkóta ya Kɔ́ngɔ míbal ) .
Lithuanian : Gediminas Grigas .
Lojban : Edward Cherlin .
Lusatian : Ronald Schaffhirt .
Macedonian : Sindi Keesan .
Malay : Zarina Mustapha .
Maltese : Kenneth Joseph Vella .
Manx : Éanna Ó Brádaigh .
Marathi : Shirish Kalele .
Marquesan : Kaliko Trapp .
Middle English : Frank da Cruz .
Milanese : Marco Cimarosti .
Mongolian : Tom Gewecke .
Montenegran : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff .
Napoletano : Diego Quintano .
Navajo : Tom Gewecke .
Nórdicg : Yẃlyan Rott. Nepali : Ujjwol Lamichhane , Rabi Tripathi .
Norwegian : Herman Ranes , Håvard Kvålen .
Odenwälderisch : Alexander Heß. Old Irish : Michael Everson .
Old Norse : Andrés Magnússon .
Papiamentu : Bianca and Denise Zanardi .
Pashto : N.R. Liwal .
Pfälzisch : Dr. Johannes Sander .
Picard : Philippe Mennecier .
Polish : Juliusz Chroboczek , Paweł Przeradowski , Wlodzislaw Kostecki .
Portuguese : " Cláudio " Alexandre Duarte , Bianca and Denise Zanardi , Pedro Palhoto Matos , Wagner Amaral .
Québécois : Laurent Detillieux .
Roman : Pierpaolo Bernardi .
Romanian : Juliusz Chroboczek , Ionel Mugurel .
Romansch : Alexandre Suter .
Ruhrdeutsch : " Timwi " .
Russian : Alexey Chernyak , Serge Nesterovitch .
Sami : Anne Colin du Terrail , Luc Carissimo .
Sanskrit : Siva Nataraja / Vincent Ramos .
Sächsisch : André Müller .
Schwäbisch : Otto Stolz .
Scots : Jonathan Riddell .
Serbian : Dmitrij D. Czarkoff , Sindi Keesan , Ranko Narancic , Boris Daljevic , Szilvia Csorba , O. Dag. Sinhalese : Abdul - Ahad ( ASM ) .
Slovak : G. Adam Stanislav , Radovan Garabík .
Slovenian : Albert Kolar .
Spanish : Aleida Morel , Laura Probaos .
Swahili : Ronald Schaffhirt .
Swedish : Christian Rose , Bengt Larsson .
Taiwanese : Henry H. Tan -Tenn .
Tagalog : Jim Soliven .
Tamil : Vasee Vaseeharan , Vetrivel P. Telugu : Arjuna Rao Chavala .
Tibetan : D. Germano , Tom Gewecke .
Thai : Alan Wood 's wife .
Turkish : Vaçe Kundakçı , Tom Gewecke , Merlign Olnon .
Ukrainian : Michael Zajac , Oleg Podsadny .
Ulster Gaelic : Ciarán Ó Duibhín .
Urdu : Mustafa Ali. Vietnamese : Dixon Au , [ James ]
Đỗ Bá Phước 杜 伯 福 .
Walloon : Pablo Saratxaga .
Welsh : Geiriadur Prifysgol Cymru ( Andrew ) .
Yiddish : Mark David .
Zeneise : Angelo Pavese .
Tools Used to Create This Web Page : The UTF8 - aware Kermit 95 terminal emulator on Windows , to a Unix host with the EMACS text editor .
Kermit 95 displays UTF - 8 and also allows keyboard entry of arbitrary Unicode BMP characters as 4 hex digits , as shown HERE .
Hex codes for Unicode values can be found in The Unicode Standard ( recommended ) and the online code charts .
When submissions arrive by email encoded in some other character set ( Latin - 1 , Latin - 2 , KOI , various PC code pages , JEUC , etc ) , I use the TRANSLATE command of C - Kermit on the Unix host ( where I read my mail ) to convert the character set to UTF - 8 ( I could also use Kermit 95 for this ; it has the same TRANSLATE command ) .
That 's it -- no " Web authoring " tools , no locales , no " smart " anything .
It 's just plain text , nothing more .
By the way , there 's nothing special about EMACS -- any text editor will do , providing it allows entry of arbitrary 8 - bit bytes as text , including the 0x80 - 0x9 F " C1 " range .
EMACS 21.1 actually supports UTF - 8 ; earlier versions do n't know about it and display the octal codes ; either way is OK for this purpose .
Commentary : Date : Wed , 27 Feb 2002 13:21:59 +0100
From : " Bruno DEDOMINICIS " < b.dedominicis@cite-sciences.fr >
Subject :
Je peux manger du verre , cela ne me fait pas mal .
I just found out your website and it makes me feel like proposing an interpretation of the choice of this peculiar phrase .
Glass is transparent and can hurt as everyone knows .
The relation between people and civilisations is sometimes effusional and more often rude .
The concept of breaking frontiers through globalization , in a way , is also an attempt to deny any difference .
Is n't " transparency " the flag of modernity ?
Nothing should be hidden any more , authority is obsolete , and the new powers are supposed to reign through loving and smiling and no more through coercion ...
Eating glass without pain sounds like a very nice metaphor of this attempt .
That is , frontiers should become glass transparent first , and be denied by incorporating them .
On the reverse , it shows that through globalization , frontiers undergo a process of displacement , that is , when they are not any more speakable , they become repressed from the speech and are therefore incorporated and might become painful symptoms , as for example what happens when one tries to eat glass .
The frontiers that used to separate bodies one from another tend to divide bodies from within and make them suffer ....
The chosen phrase then appears as a denial of the symptom that might result from the destitution of traditional frontiers .
Best ,
Bruno De Dominicis , Paris , France
Other Unicode pages onsite :
Unicode samplers and resources offsite :
Unicode fonts :
[ Kermit 95 ] [ K95 Screen Shots ] [ C- Kermit ] [ Kermit Home ] [ Display Problems ? ] [ The Unicode Consortium ]
