A libel action over an article that appeared on the website of a South African magazine has been dismissed by a court in England .
Evidence suggested that the article had received only four visits from the UK in a two month period .
Describing the claim as being " totally without merit , " Mr Justice Tugendhat said the claimants had failed to establish " substantial publication " within the court 's jurisdiction .
The action was brought by LonZim , an investment firm listed in London on the Alternative Investment Market , part owned by African conglomerate Lonrho .
Isle of Man - based senior executives of both companies - Geoffrey White and David Lenigas - were also claimants .
They were suing Andrew Sprague , a non-executive director of a company that held LonZim shares .
Comments attributed to Sprague that criticised LonZim 's management appeared in a South African weekly magazine called Financial Mail in May 2009 .
The claimants said he was accusing them in the article , among other things , of having " cynically and greedily indulged in self - enrichment at the expense of , and contrary to the interests of , shareholders . "
Mr Justice Tugendhat said that in allegations of online libel , the claimant must prove publication within England and Wales .
Previous cases have established that ' publication ' requires evidence of readership , not just availability .
The claimants failed to prove that .
They argued that " a significant proportion " of the magazine 's online traffic came from England and Wales but failed to provide supporting evidence for that assertion .
Sprague presented evidence of traffic figures from the website for the two months following the date of first publication .
The publishers had recorded a total of 65 visits for the contentious article .
" It is not possible to say whether these visits included more than one visit by the same person , " noted Mr Justice Tugendhat .
" Nor is it possible to say in which jurisdiction the visitors were located . "
The publishers did say that on average approximately 6.79 % of visits to their website are made by users of the internet based in the UK .
" If the average percentage of 6.79 % is applied to the 65 visits , the result is that about 4 visits might have been made by one or more visitors based in the UK , " said the judgment .
" It is not possible to say how the 6.79 % average figure might be attributed to which of the different jurisdictions within the UK , " wrote Mr Justice Tugendhat .
" London is not the only important financial centre in the UK .
Edinburgh is another . "
In evidence , White presented a Google Alerts email , addressed to himself .
It reproduced an extract from the article – though not the words complained of .
The search term for the alert was ' lonrho ' .
Mr White said that " many people within the jurisdiction " were likely to have relevant Google Alerts but he failed to provide figures .
Instead , Mr White presented three emails sent to him from other individuals in England , referring to the article .
The claimants ' solicitors also presented evidence from Alexa , a website traffic estimation service .
They had used the service to show that the Financial Mail 's site receives approximately 330 visitors from the UK per month , but Mr Justice Tugendhat dismissed that finding .
" The information he gives does not relate to the specific articles containing the words complained of , nor does it identify in which jurisdiction within the UK the visitors might have been located , " he wrote .
The court was told that the words complained of are still accessible on the internet , but Mr Justice Tugendhat noted that its publishers were not defendants in the case before him and said there was no suggestion that Mr Sprague could do anything to change or block the article .
" What I do decide is that , taken at its highest , this is evidence at best of minimal publication of the words complained of in the Financial Mail libel [… ] and certainly not evidence of any substantial tort committed within the jurisdiction , " wrote Mr Justice Tugendhat .
Another claim , alleging comments made by Sprague at a company AGM in London were slanderous , was also dismissed as an abuse of process .
Only 30 people had attended the AGM , the comments were described as " clearly opinion , " and they were found to be not related to the personal reputations of the individual complainants .
" The prospect for a shareholder at a company meeting of being sued by claimants such as these , for expressing opinions or views such as those alleged here to be slanders , would inhibit free expression , " wrote Mr Justice Tugendhat .
" It would be very much against the public interest . "
Dismissing both claims as being " totally without merit , " Mr Justice Tugendhat speculated that the case may have been pursued " for reasons other than to obtain vindication of the Claimants ' reputations . "
He cited an email allegedly sent from Lenigas to Sprague which said : " I will nail you to the corporate cross for the stuff you said about us . "
It added : " I will stomp your corporate head " .
Copyright © 2009 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
Our society does n't make it easy for people who do n't want to have , or even adopt , children .
I 'm 54 now , so even people who thought my clock would start ticking ten years ago have finally shut up and realized that I meant business when I said I did n't want children .
When I was in my early 20's , before it was even an issue , I sometimes thought that I would have them , but that was always within a context of it not being an issue .
I never particularly wanted children , nor did I ever see myself as a mother .
The closest I ever came to marriage before Mr. Brilliant was a guy who wanted his kids raised Catholic , and that pretty much put an end to those plans .
And even then , I did n't particularly even WANT kids .
When you 're still in your fertile years , your choice is constantly questioned .
It 's assumed that you 'll change your mind .
Some people think it means you 're a child molester and so you 're afraid to have children of your own .
I always knew I did n't particularly like children .
I never played with baby dolls as a child .
I loved dogs and cats , and was always able to care for and nurture them , but a child ?
Yuck .
Some of it was that while most women think about having children and see a little bundle wrapped in a blamkie with little tiny fingers , I thought about dirty diapers .
While most women thought of dressing up a little cutie on Easter , my mind went right to the sullen teenager with the pierced nose and the Mohawk who thinks you 're a complete idiot and hates you .
Then there 's the fact that children just are n't rational .
If you 've ever seen a mother try to reason with an overtired 3 - year - old in the cereal aisle of a supermarket , you know that trying to reason with a 3 - year - old is like explaining to a Republican that just because something is n't forbidden does n't mean it 's going to be mandatory .
When I was 44 , I went to an anniversary party where a cousin I had n't seen in over a decade assured me that I would change my mind , that she 'd had HER youngest at 44 .
It 's amazing how well people think they know YOUR ovaries .
I never did change my mind .
I know some great moms .
One woman I know has two kids and would have six if she could afford them .
Her greatest joy is spending time with her kids .
This family skis together , her daughter does dog agility with her .
This is a woman who finds her kids to be no end of fun , and did even when they were three and screaming in the cereal aisle at the supermarket .
I know one mom who despite the fact that her daughter is a " glue baby " conceived in the hope of bringing the marriage closer together ( it did n't ) is a great mom .
Her daughter is ferociously smart , speaks in complex sentences with 3 - syllable words and she 's not even three yet .
One of my friends has managed to raise two kids who are confident , happy , and have never been in any kind of trouble .
And if that stays the case in the next three years she 'll have navigated adolescence without a hitch .
I 've also known the people who do n't seem to know what to do with their kids , who think their kids are an extension of themselves , who seem to not have wanted children so much as they wanted to shut up the parental yammering in their heads about grandchildren that they 've heard since they started menstruating .
I have endless respect and admiration for people who are good parents .
I wish , though , that people who just do n't have the knack for it did n't feel they had to have children because society expects it , or their parents expect it .
I wish more people were able to sort out their own feelings about having a family without this cacophony of expectations .
I may have had crappy self - esteem for much of my life , but for some reason , this was one area in which I was able to tell the rest of the world to mind its own business .
So of course I made a beeline for " 9 Silly Things People Say When They Hear You Don't Want Kids ( And Ways to Counter Them ) " over at Alternet .
If you or someone you know is wrestling with this dilemma , pass this on .
Because we need more great parents in this country ... and those who just do n't feel they can do it should n't have to .
Labels : social policy
What can the crisis of U.S. capitalism in the 1970s
teach us about the current crisis and its possible outcomes ?
This article is from the November / December 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense : Real World Economics available at http://www.dollarsandsense.org
This article is from the November / December 2009 issue of Dollars & Sense magazine .
By Alejandro Reuss
A capitalist economy is like a very complex machine .
It involves millions of individuals and capitalist firms , all making decisions that are not deliberately coordinated beforehand .
The many gears of this machine do not automatically mesh .
When some people decide to save part of their incomes , it does not automatically mean that they will find others who want to borrow and invest .
When some people decide to invest , it does not automatically mean that they will find buyers for the goods produced as a result .
Whether the gears of a capitalist economy mesh or not depends on the institutional framework in which capitalist companies operate .
If the institutional framework does not work , and the gears do not mesh , the result is a crisis .
Radical political economists in the United States have termed the whole set of conditions and institutions that shape the process of capitalist profit - making , in a particular society at a particular time , a “ social structure of accumulation . ”
Capital accumulation , the process of capitalist companies making profits and re-investing them to expand their operations , is essential to capitalist economies .
Capitalist firms that cannot turn a profit will not have an incentive to invest .
If capitalist companies do not invest , factories will be shuttered and workers unemployed .
Capitalist economies always go through boom - and - bust cycles , with recessions interrupting the process of capital accumulation and economic growth .
Most of the time , these crises are shallow enough that “ normal ” economic growth resumes without major changes in framework institutions .
However , severe crises , exposing serious defects in the existing “ social structure of accumulation , ” may result in the overturning of the old framework and the establishment of a new one .
The most severe crises may actually threaten not only the established framework , but even the continued existence of the capitalist system itself .
In the last century , there have been three periods of profound crisis in the framework institutions of U.S. capitalism : the Great Depression of the 1930s , the crisis of the 1970s , and the current crisis .
Of these three , the Depression was the most profound , though it did not come close to threatening the capitalist system in the United States ( it came much closer in other capitalist countries ) .
Both the Depression and the crisis of the 1970s , however , resulted in major changes in the framework institutions of U.S. capitalism .
The Depression ushered in an era in which the framework included a relatively large government role and powerful unions in the most important industries .
This is sometimes known as the period of “ regulated capitalism . ”
The crisis of the 1970s ended this era and ushered in another , characterized by a new framework in which the government role diminished and unions were gravely weakened .
This is sometimes known as the era of “ neoliberal capitalism . ”
A retrospective look at the crisis of the 1970s — as a pivot between two different eras in the history of U.S. capitalism — is not just an exercise in nostalgia .
Rather , it is an opportunity to try to extract lessons from the history of U.S. capitalism , including this and other crises , to apply to the current crisis and its possible outcomes .
The “ Golden Age ” of U.S. Capitalism
Mainstream ( “ neoclassical ” ) economists often act as if capitalist economies operate according to unchanging universal laws , and that any violation of these “ laws of the market ” ( such as government macroeconomic intervention , industrial regulation , social welfare spending , unions , etc. ) inevitably spells disaster .
The performance of the U.S. economy during the so - called “ Golden Age , ” from the late 1940s to the early 1970s , belies this view .
Our first key lesson : Capitalist economies can operate under a wide variety of institutional frameworks that foster capital accumulation and economic growth .
By most conventional measures , the U.S. economy performed better during the “ Golden Age ” than during comparable periods in U.S. history , combining high rates of economic growth along with low rates of unemployment and inflation .
From the late 1940s to the early 1970s , the U.S. economy grew at an average annual rate of nearly 4 % .
The annual unemployment rate only exceeded 6 % twice in the 25 years between 1949 and 1973 .
The annual inflation rate , too , only topped 6 % twice , and was actually under 2 % for 14 of the 25 years in this period .
The real average hourly earnings of production workers increased at an average rate of over 2 % per year .
During this period , the U.S. economy was less characterized by the “ free market ” policies favored by today ’s mainstream economists than during the periods before or since .
A much broader consensus existed among economists and policymakers of the need for government intervention to stabilize the overall economy , prevent recessions , and maintain full employment .
Government spending on consumption and investment ( which excludes transfers ) was somewhat higher ( generally 21 - 23 % of GDP ) from the late 1950s to the early 1970s than it has been since ( generally less than 21 % , and less than 19 % between the early 1990s and the current recession ) .
Several major business sectors , including transportation , communications , utilities , and , most importantly , banking and insurance , were highly regulated .
The regulation of the financial sector , in particular , was a response to the Depression and an attempt to reduce the financial instability that had helped precipitate it .
Unions had a much larger and more secure place in the U.S. economy .
The unionization rate peaked at over one - fourth of the labor force in the mid 1950s , and remained over 20 % into the mid 1970s ( for nonagricultural workers , it peaked at nearly 35 % and remained over 25 % into the mid 1970s ) .
The radical economists Samuel Bowles , David Gordon , and Thomas Weisskopf , in their influential book Beyond the Waste Land , identified three key pillars of the postwar social structure of accumulation , which they termed the “ limited capital - labor accord , ” the “ capitalist - citizen accord , ” and the “ Pax Americana . ”
The limited capital - labor accord included the willingness of large employers to recognize unions and bargain collectively , and the unions ’ acceptance of management control over the production process in exchange for wage increases tied to productivity growth , health and retirement benefits , and job security .
Radical economists speak of a limited capital - labor accord since these arrangements excluded the majority of U.S. workers , who were not employed by large companies in the “ core ” industries ( auto , steel , trucking , etc. ) .
In addition , the idea of the accord should not be interpreted to mean that industrial conflict ended .
Even in the core industries , employers only grudgingly accepted unions and , unable to destroy them by frontal assault , adopted strategies akin to low - intensity warfare .
Richard Nixon bowling at the White House Lanes .
( Photo credit : The Ollie Atkins Collection , Special Collections & Archives , George Mason University Libraries . )
Nixon responded to the threat of inflation with unprecedented peacetime wage and price controls .
The capitalist - citizen accord included the government commitment to preventing mass unemployment and the establishment of the social welfare state .
These were responses to the Great Depression and the upsurge in social protest during the 1930s , and helped moderate the levels of social protest in the late 1940s and 1950s .
Again , the idea of an “ accord ” requires serious qualification .
In the era before the main advances of the Civil Rights and women ’s liberation movements , most of the U.S. population was excluded from any accord .
These grievances would give rise to the explosive social protests of the 1960s .
The “ Pax Americana ” refers to the dominant position of the United States in the capitalist world .
In the early postwar period , the leading U.S. companies had little to fear from international competitors , then only beginning to emerge from the ruin of the Second World War.
U.S. political and military power , meanwhile , helped secure sources of cheap raw materials and energy .
The U.S. government propped up friendly dictators whom it could count on to “ fight communism , ” maintain the security of U.S. companies ’ investments , and quash efforts at labor organization .
When this strategy failed , as when socialist or nationalist governments came to power and threatened U.S. companies ’ property or access to cheap labor , the U.S. government engineered coups or intervened militarily .
Capitalists found plenty to complain about in the postwar social structure of accumulation , especially the large role of government and the relative strength of the labor movement .
Government macroeconomic stabilization policies , the welfare state , and large powerful unions in the core industries , however , were part of an institutional framework that fostered capitalist profitability and economic growth .
Government macroeconomic stabilization policies helped to prevent recessions , and the loss of sales and profits they entail .
Social welfare programs , like unemployment insurance , acted as “ automatic stabilizers ” by moderating the decline in incomes and spending during recessions .
The existence of unions and the steady increase in real wages helped to fuel booming demand for the products churned out by growing mass - production industries .
The Demise of the Golden Age
In the 1970s , the United States ’ position as the unchallenged colossus of the capitalist world was suddenly threatened from multiple directions : rising international competition , spiking energy prices , declining productivity and profitability , and soaring inflation and unemployment .
The United States ’ trade deficit crept up in the course of the 1960s , and government deficits emerged late in the decade and persisted through the 1970s .
Declining international confidence in the dollar led to the depletion of U.S. government gold reserves , as international holders of dollars demanded redemption of their dollars for gold .
( The Nixon administration responded by ending the fixed - rate convertibility of the dollar for gold . )
Inflation picked up in the late 1960s , ratcheting up from about 3 % in 1966 to nearly 6 % in 1971 .
While these rates may not look that high now , they were alarming at the time , coming on the heels of a seven - year period in which the annual inflation rate never exceeded 1.6 % .
( Nixon responded to the threat of inflation with unprecedented peacetime wage and price controls . )
In 1973 - 1974 , the first of two major “ oil shocks ” increased the price of petroleum four - fold , dramatically raising energy costs for both consumers and businesses .
Workers ’ wage demands outpaced the rate of productivity growth , driving up unit labor costs for businesses .
The annual inflation rate spiked to over 10 % in 1974 and again in each of the three years from 1979 to 1981 .
The annual unemployment rate topped 8 % in 1975 and would reach nearly 10 % in 1982 .
The economy seemed trapped in the new nightmare of “ stagflation , ” so called because it combined low economic growth and high unemployment ( “ stagnation ” ) with high rates of inflation .
Traditional macroeconomic policy tools seemed powerless to deal with this new beast .
In the 1960s , the idea of a stable inverse relationship between unemployment and inflation ( known as the “ Phillips curve ” ) became part of the economic - policy orthodoxy .
If the unemployment rate was high , inflation was likely to be low , and vice versa .
This “ tradeoff ” left policymakers with the means to combat unemployment or inflation when either appeared separately .
When facing a recession , policymakers could lower interest rates , increase government spending , or lower taxes to stimulate demand and bring down the unemployment rate , at the cost of some increase in the inflation rate .
When dealing with inflation , they could raise interest rates , lower spending , or raise taxes to reduce demand and “ cool off ” the economy , at the cost of some increase in unemployment .
When high rates of inflation and unemployment appeared simultaneously , however , orthodox policy seemed to lack a solution .
Gerald Ford pardoning a turkey .
President Ford declared inflation “ public enemy number one ” and initiated his “ Whip Inflation Now ” campaign .
It failed .
What brought the “ Golden Age ” to such an inglorious end ?
The conditions that fostered successful capital accumulation and economic growth in the United States during the “ Golden Age ” broke down toward the end of this period .
The postwar institutional framework , so successful in conventional terms for a quarter century , gave way to crisis not only because conditions changed around it , but because its own operation undermined its continued viability .
Our second key lesson :
As conditions change , an institutional framework that had fostered capital accumulation and economic growth may come to hinder them .
All three pillars of the postwar framework were shaken during the 1960s and 1970s .
Internationally , the United States no longer enjoyed uncontested economic , political , and military dominance over the capitalist world .
The U.S. government had encouraged the reconstruction of the economies of Western Europe and Japan , both to undermine the appeal of communism in those countries and to demonstrate the superiority of capitalism to the rest of the world .
The revival of manufacturing in Europe and Japan , however , also meant increased competition for U.S. firms in “ core ” manufacturing industries like steel and auto .
Resistance to U.S. dominance in the global South , meanwhile , undermined U.S. companies ’ access to cheap materials and energy resources .
The 1973 embargo of Western buyers by petroleum - producing countries and the ensuing oil - price hike coincided with a low point in the United States ’ ability to project its military and political power international - ly , just after the defeat of the U.S. military in Vietnam .
“ If instead of in 1973 , OPEC had tried to raise prices and restrict production in 1953 or in 1963 , ” radical economist Stephen A. Marglin argues , “ American marines would almost certainly have been dispatched . ”
In other words , under other political circumstances , the “ oil crisis ” of the 1970s would likely not have occurred .
Domestically , the so - called “ capitalist - citizen accord ” broke down in the politically explosive 1960s .
Mass social movements — civil rights , women ’s liberation , anti-war , environmental — were part of this change .
Increased pressure for social reform also gave rise to increased government regulation of private business .
Under the old “ economic ” regulation , government agencies had overseen specific industries such as railroads , trucking , telecommunications , utilities , or banks .
In contrast , the “ new social regulation , ” including environmental , consumer - protection , occupational safety and health , and anti-discrimination laws , affected companies across all industries .
Regulation was a way , in the late 1960s and early 1970s , for the government to respond to increasing demands for reform without increasing government spending ( already surging for both domestic and war purposes ) .
Capitalist corporations railed against the new regulations as imposing onerous new costs of doing business .
Jimmy Carter jogging on the White House grounds .
Federal Reserve chair Paul Volcker , appointed by President Carter , engineered a dramatic increase in interest rates .
This detonated a deep recession .
Meanwhile , the relatively low unemployment of the postwar period meant that , by the 1960s , most active workers had no direct experience ( or ingrained fear ) of mass unemployment .
In the late 1960s , the unemployment rate actually dipped lower ( below 4 % for each of the four years from 1966 to 1969 ) .
Marglin argues that low unemployment , along with the cushion offered by the welfare state in the event of unemployment , resulted in a declining “ cost of job - loss . ”
Declining fear of unemployment emboldened workers to demand larger wage increases while reducing capitalists ’ authority on the shop floor , their ability to enforce a high pace of work , and therefore the rate of productivity growth .
Radical economist James Crotty points to the combined effects of rising wages and declining productivity growth in driving large increases in labor costs per unit of output .
Unit labor costs , constant in the first half of the 1960s , grew at nearly 2 % per year from1966 to 1967 , and at over 6 % per year from 1968 to 1969 .
These rising costs , in turn , ate into capitalists ’ profits — the “ full employment profit squeeze . ”
It may seem strange that radical economists , whose sympathies lie with the working class , attribute the crisis to increasing wages and declining profits .
They do not , however , mean to “ blame ” workers for the crisis .
Rather , they are making two points :
First , unemployment is not just a sickness from which capitalist economies can be “ cured , ” to the benefit of all concerned .
Unemployment is one of the cogs that capitalist economies require to function .
Going back to Karl Marx , radical economists have understood the importance of unemployment in ensuring the conditions for profitability in capitalist economies .
Capitalists are more able to resist demands for wage increases ( or even to impose wage cuts ) if there are many unemployed people seeking work , and the employers can credibly threaten to replace current workers with unemployed job - seekers .
Capitalists ’ ability to enforce a high pace of work also depends on the existence of substantial unemployment .
The threat of firing , a key means for disciplining workers , is more credible if employers can easily replace fired workers and if workers losing their jobs would likely face a long and costly period of unemployment .
Long periods of very low unemployment threaten capitalist profitability for both these reasons .
Second , profits are the lifeblood of capitalism .
If capitalists do not expect to make a profit , they will not invest ( purchase buildings , machinery , etc. ) or hire workers .
This is not to say that what is in the interests of capitalists ( profits ) is also in the interests of workers , except perhaps in the way one could say it is in the interest of an armed robber to get the victim ’s money and it is in the interest of the victim to hand it over .
Rather , it means that capitalists use their control of the means of production to extract a tribute , in the form of profit , from what the workers produce .
The power of the capitalists over investment and employment in a capitalist economy means that , if the capitalists cannot extract their tribute , the rest of society will suffer .
The Capitalist Mobilization
The crisis of the 1970s marked the end of the “ Golden Age ” framework and the advent of “ neoliberal ” capitalism .
The triumph of an economic policy agenda hostile to government economic intervention , social welfare programs , and labor organization was part of a broader shift to the right in U.S. politics .
The right drew on currents in U.S. political culture pining for an imagined past of individual independence and blaming government regulation , taxation , and social programs for the perceived economic and moral decay of society .
It tapped into and fueled a backlash against the civil rights and women ’s liberation movements .
Conservatives channeled this rage into attacks on social programs and affirmative action .
It also drew on the power of nationalism , and the identification of many ordinary people with the superpower status of the United States .
It promised to reverse recent blows to the national self - image — the defeat in the Vietnam War , the rise of OPEC and the oil shocks , the Iranian Revolution and hostage crisis , the apparent loss of economic dominance to international competitors — and to restore the country to its rightful place of worldwide supremacy .
These were the pillars of right - wing “ populism ” in the 1970s and 1980s , and to a great extent remain so today .
As important as this “ populist ” appeal was , however , the “ right turn ” in U.S. economic policy also had distinctly elite sources .
Facing multiple threats during the crisis of the 1970s , capitalists ( especially the very largest capitalist corporations ) mobilized in extraordinarily effective ways to ensure that the crisis was resolved in a way that was favorable to their shared class interests .
There were three major prongs in the capitalist mobilization .
First , they financed policy organizations ( or “ think tanks ” ) which helped develop the conservative economic policy agenda .
Capitalists channeled financial support to existing conservative think tanks , like the Hoover Institution and the American Enterprise Institute , which until then had limited resources and influence .
They also supported new policy organizations , founded in the early 1970s , like the Institute for Contemporary Studies and the Heritage Foundation .
This support helped vault both older and newer conservative think tanks to national prominence .
Second , they stepped up the scale and effectiveness of their lobbying efforts .
Capitalists swelled the membership of existing business organizations , such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and large corporations created a major new organization , the Business Roundtable .
Founded in 1972 ( merging two earlier organizations ) , the Business Roundtable brought together the largest U.S. industrial companies .
By 1974 , its 150 members included 60 of the largest 100 industrial companies in the United States and 90 of the largest 200 .
During the late 1960s and early 1970s , large corporations had been on the defensive , facing a rising tide of environmental , occupational safety and health , and consumer - protection regulation .
By the late 1970s , two major pieces of reform legislation , a labor - law reform proposal backed by the AFL - CIO and a bill to establish a consumer - protection agency , went down in defeat , largely due to the business mobilization against them .
As political scientist David Vogel put it , “ business turned the tide ” politically , even before the watershed 1980 election brought a slew of new conservatives to Congress and Ronald Reagan into the White House .
Third , they directed support to conservative candidates for public office .
Capitalist corporations do not always direct campaign contributions only to candidates they perceive as ideologically “ pro-business . ”
Individual corporations also use campaign contributions to gain influence with elected officials and may contribute to candidates they do not regard as generally pro-business , but who they think are likely to win election and repay the favor of a campaign contribution .
Companies in highly regulated industries and those highly dependent on government contracts are especially likely to engage in this kind of “ pragmatic ” campaign giving .
By the 1978 election cycle , corporate political action committees began to shift away from pragmatic and toward ideological contributions .
Rather than contribute to powerful incumbents large corporations increasingly directed their contributions to conservative challengers .
This support helped shift the ideological composition of Congress in a “ pro-business ” direction , especially in the 1980 elections , and helped conservatives defend their gains in 1982 .
The capitalist mobilization of the 1970s played a big role in bringing about a sea change in economic policy , sometimes known as the “ right turn , ” beginning late in the decade and continuing with the “ Reagan Revolution ” in the 1980s :
Reagan signs the Economic Recovery Tax Act of 1981 at the “ Western White House , ” Rancho del Cielo .
Reagan ’s policies were not reversed , and in many ways were deepened , by subsequent administrations , both Republican and Democratic .
The “ full employment profit squeeze ” ended in the late 1970s , when Federal Reserve chair Paul Volcker , appointed by President Carter , engineered a dramatic increase in interest rates .
This detonated a deep recession and pushed the average annual ( official ) unemployment rate near 10 % in both 1982 and 1983 .
Massive unemployment was not an unintended consequence of this policy , but the chosen means to finally break the power of workers to push for wage demands .
By the 1980s , the power of the labor movement had been waning for years , and individual capitalist corporations had adopted an increasingly aggressive stance toward labor .
This employer offensive intensified after Reagan broke the air - traffic controllers ’ strike in 1982 , widely interpreted as a signal to capitalists of “ open season ” on unions .
Union decline accelerated , and strikes ( which had become virtually unwinnable in the new anti-union climate ) dropped off dramatically .
For all their railing against the evils of “ big government , ” conservatives did not slash federal expenditures during the 1980s .
Rather , the priorities changed .
Conservatives attacked social programs ( though the “ end of welfare as we know it ” would have to wait for the 1990s and the Clinton administration ) while the Reagan administration pursued an unprecedented peacetime military build - up .
This spending spree was not only a boon to defense contractors , but also part of the administration ’s program of rebuilding U.S. military power globally .
Meanwhile , corporations and the rich enjoyed a bonanza of tax cuts , abetted by “ supply side ” economists who argued that high marginal tax rates were destroying incentives to work and invest .
Tax reforms in 1981 and 1986 cut the marginal tax rate on the highest personal incomes from 70 % to 34 % , raised the threshold for the estate tax , and cut corporate income tax rates .
Both the Carter and Reagan administrations pursued the rollback of industry - specific regulation on sectors like telecommunications , transportation , and finance .
The deregulation of finance was mostly accomplished in the early 1980s ( leaving only regulatory separations , dating back to the Depression , between commercial banking , investment banking , stock brokering , and insurance , to be repealed under Clinton during the 1990s ) .
The Reagan administration also had a strategy for defanging the “ new social regulation , ” even when it could not repeal the regulatory legislation , by slashing funding and staffing of enforcement agencies .
The so - called Reagan Revolution was more than just a set of policies pursued by one administration .
Reagan - era policies were not reversed — and in many ways were deepened — by subsequent administrations , both Republican and Democratic .
Like the New Deal in the 1930s , the Reagan era laid the groundwork of a new set of relatively stable framework institutions .
The so - called neoliberal social structure of accumulation , monstrous though it was , functioned as a framework for capital accumulation and economic growth for nearly three decades .
Now it has fallen into crisis .
Where to from Here ?
When looking at history retrospectively , it is sometimes hard to remember that the outcome was not a foregone conclusion — that things did not have to turn out the way they did .
That the postwar framework was “ interventionist , ” however , does not automatically mean that its demise would give rise to a “ free market ” framework , as if economic policy swung like a pendulum between two fixed positions .
Multiple policy proposals contended as possible ways out the 1970s crisis .
Among these were proposals that would have increased the role of government in economic life : “ incomes policy ” ( in which the government plays a much larger role in determining the distribution of income between labor and capital at a national level , as in many Western European social democracies ) and “ industrial policy ” ( in which the government plays a much larger role in directing investment to particular sectors of the economy , an idea given traction in the 1970s and 1980s by the success of Japan with such policies ) .
The triumph of “ neoliberal ” capitalism in the wake of the 1970s crisis was not inevitable .
Our third key lesson :
The outcome of a crisis is not preordained by the characteristics of the preexisting framework or the details of the crisis itself , but determined by the balance of power among different social groups with conflicting interests .
This last lesson is , perhaps , the most important in understanding the current economic crisis and its possible outcomes .
Consider the last two profound crises of the U.S. economy , the Great Depression and the crisis of the 1970s .
In the United States , the Depression resulted in a major upsurge in union organizing .
Major industries like automobiles , steel , and long - haul trucking were organized for the first time .
The national unionization rate more than tripled — from less than 7 % to nearly 24 % of the labor force between 1930 and 1947 .
This upsurge from below both benefited from and helped to force policy changes from above , including the creation of the modern welfare state .
In other countries , where the balance of forces was different , the consequences of the Depression were different — including , of course , the rise of Nazism .
During the crisis of the 1970s , capitalists , especially the largest capitalist corporations , mobilized with extraordinary effectiveness and used the crisis to help bring about policy changes they wanted .
Again , the outcomes were not the same in all countries .
The neoliberal policy agenda that took hold in the United States and the United Kingdom has not gone nearly so far in other rich capitalist countries .
The current crisis has created a fluid situation in economic policy .
In response to the current recession , the most severe for the United States since the 1930s , the federal government has adopted “ counter - cyclical ” ( anti-recession ) policies that mainstream economists claimed were neither necessary nor desirable .
It has extended large bailouts to private companies , mostly to financial institutions , though also to the ailing auto industry that was once the crown jewel of U.S. capitalism .
The crisis has given rise to calls for new financial regulation , which would begin to reverse the de-regulating trends of the last thirty years .
Major new regulation or reforms to the energy and health - insurance sectors are also possible .
Some of these measures have met with sharp opposition , both from big capitalist corporations ( e.g. , health - insurance companies ) and from reactionary populist movements .
There has been little or no indication , however , of any resurgence in labor organizing or any mass mobilization in favor of new regulation , an expanded social - welfare state , a shift in labor - relations policy back in favor of workers , or other reforms , to say nothing of a more radical social agenda .
Few people outside the rabid right believe that capitalism faces imminent abolition in the United States .
For those of us who would like to see the capitalist system replaced with a society based on workers ’ control of their own workplaces , democratic control over the economy - wide allocation of resources , guaranteed access to basic goods ( like adequate nutrition , shelter , health care , and education ) as human rights , and a generally egalitarian distribution of wealth — to use the fashionable term , “ socialism ” — the outcomes of the present crisis are , nonetheless , a matter of great importance .
The directions taken in economic policy at critical junctures in history can have a big effect on the conditions of life for millions of people and the conditions of political struggle for decades to come .
These outcomes are unlikely to be positive without a resurgence of social movements — the labor movement and others — to counter the power of large corporations and right - wing populism .
If new movements do emerge , they should not become the foot soldiers of a particular government administration or political party ( as , unfortunately , the union movement became for the Democratic Party after the New Deal ) .
Independent grassroots movements might support some reform proposals from a particular party or administration , pressure others to go further than its sponsors would want , and oppose still others .
They could develop reform proposals of their own , to challenge not just this or that economic policy , but the foundations of the capitalist system itself .
They could spawn not only new organizations in workplaces and communities , but also new political parties , unbeholden to capitalist patrons .
These are ways to fight for and win positive reforms , to be sure , but also , more importantly , to rebuild the fighting capacity of movements for radical social change .
Alejandro Reuss is an economist and historian , and a member of the Dollars & Sense collective .
Sources : David M. Kotz , Terrence McDonough , and Michael Reich , Social Structures of Accumulation : The Political Economy of Growth and Crisis , Cambridge University Press , 1994 ; Stephen A. Marglin and Juliet B. Schor , The Golden Age of Capitalism : Reinterpreting the Postwar Experience , Clarendon Press , 1990 ; Bureau of Economic Analysis , National Economic Analysis , Current Dollar and Real GDP Beyond the Waste Land : A Democratic Alternative to Economic Decline , Anchor Press / Doubleday , 1983 ; Michael Goldfield , The Decline of Organized Labor in the United States , University of Chicago Press , 1987 ; David Vogel , Fluctuating Fortunes : The Political Power of Business in America , Basic Books , 1989 ; James Crotty , “ Review : Turbulence in the World Economy , by Robert Brenner , ” Challenge , Vol. 42 , No. 3 , 1999 ; Dan Clawson and Mary Ann Clawson , “ Reagan or Business : Foundations of the New Conservatism , ” in Michael Schwartz ( ed. ) , The Business Elite as a Ruling Class , Holmes and Meier , 1987 ; Joseph G. Peschek , Policy - Planning Organizations : Elite Agendas and America ’s Rightward Turn , Temple University Press , 1987 ; Val Burris and Games Salt , “ The Politics of Capitalist Class Segments : A Test of Corporate Liberalism Theory , ” Social Problems , Vol. 37 No. 3 , 1990 ; United States Department of the Treasury , “ History of the U.S. Tax System , ” : David M. Kotz , Terrence McDonough , and Michael Reich , , Cambridge University Press , 1994 ; Stephen A. Marglin and Juliet B. Schor , , Clarendon Press , 1990 ; Bureau of Economic Analysis , National Economic Analysis , Current Dollar and Real GDP www.bea.gov ; Bureau of Labor Statistics , Labor Force Statistics from the Current Population Survey , Annual Averages , Unemployment Rate , Historical Data , www.bls.gov ; Samuel Bowles , David Gordon , and Thomas Weisskopf , , Anchor Press / Doubleday , 1983 ; Michael Goldfield , , University of Chicago Press , 1987 ; David Vogel , , Basic Books , 1989 ; James Crotty , “ Review : , by Robert Brenner , ” , Vol. 42 , No. 3 , 1999 ; Dan Clawson and Mary Ann Clawson , “ Reagan or Business : Foundations of the New Conservatism , ” in Michael Schwartz ( ed. ) , , Holmes and Meier , 1987 ; Joseph G. Peschek , , Temple University Press , 1987 ; Val Burris and Games Salt , “ The Politics of Capitalist Class Segments : A Test of Corporate Liberalism Theory , ” , Vol. 37 No. 3 , 1990 ; United States Department of the Treasury , “ History of the U.S. Tax System , ” www.treas.gov ; Tax Foundation , “ U.S. Federal Individual Income Tax Rates History , 1913 - 2009 ” www.taxfoundation.org ; Internal Revenue Service , “ Corporation Income Tax Brackets and Rates , 1909 - 2002 , ” www.irs.gov
Did you find this article useful ?
Please consider supporting our work by donating or subscribing .
If you really want to qualify as a member of the Geek Tribe , you have to make a pilgrimage to the holy land .
Fortunately with high tech , there 's not just one sacred site but dozens , says John Graham - Cumming , author of " The Geek Atlas , " a guide to " 128 Places Where Science & Technology Come Alive . "
Graham - Cumming 's guide book covers everything from where Newton 's apple fell to the pub where Watson and Crick announced they 'd unlocked the secret to DNA .
He also has a handful of entries specific to computers .
[ Think you 're a tech fanatic ?
You 've got nothing on these guys :
True believers :
The biggest cults in tech |
And for a look at the most pivotal moments in the evolution of IT , see 15 turning points in tech history ]
" If you 're a computer person , the three essential places to visit are the Computer History Museum in San Jose , Bletchley Park , and the London Museum of Science , " says Graham - Cumming .
" At the latter you can see a working model of Charles Babbage 's Difference Engine , which they built using the tools available at the time .
It 's remarkable . "
Those are hardly the only ones .
We 've identified the 12 most sacred places where IT enthusiasts can go to pay homage to the computing gods that passed before them -- or at least catch a peek at where some of the more exciting events in IT lore occurred .
Fortunately , would - be pilgrims can do a lot of the traveling via the Web , saving wear and tear on the sandals and sackcloth .
Tech mecca No. 1 : 367 Addison Ave. , Palo Alto , Calif .
Tech mecca No. 2 : 2066 Crist Dr. , Los Altos , Calif .
Tech mecca No. 3 : 232 Santa Margarita Ave. , Menlo Park , Calif .
Tech mecca No. 4 : CERN -- Geneva , Switzerland
Tech mecca No. 5 : Bletchley Park , England
Tech mecca No. 6 : Xerox PARC -- Palo Alto , Calif .
Tech mecca No. 7 : Ames Lab , Iowa State University -- Ames , Iowa
Tech mecca No. 8 : Moore School of Engineering , University of Pennsylvania -- Philadelphia
Tech mecca No. 9 : IBM's " Main Plant " -- Poughkeepsie , N.Y .
Tech mecca No. 10 : Room 2713 , Dobie Hall , University of Texas -- Austin , Texas
Tech mecca No. 11 : Kirkland House , Harvard University -- Cambridge , Mass .
Tech mecca No. 12 : Lyman Residence Hall , Stanford University -- Stanford , Calif .
2009 -11-06
In Microsoft Windows thwarts police efforts to cut child porn author Anna Caldwell discusses Microsoft Windows 7's filesystem encryption capabilities .
The teaser for the article reads :
THE much lauded latest Microsoft Windows operating system could make it harder for police to prosecute child pornography suspects , experts warn .
The experts to whom she refers in the teaser , who warn us about the evils of MS Windows 7 and how it can help child pornographers escape prosecution , include :
Adrian McCullagh , a Queensland University of Technology " cyber- law expert "
Hetty Johnson , a " child safety advocate "
. . .
There are only two such experts .
One of them is apparently an expert in " child safety " advocacy , which essentially translates as expertise in saying " Think of the children ! " at the right volume , in the right places , and at the right times , to induce panic .
Note that she is not identified as an expert in child safety in the sense of any rigorous social , psychological , biological , or technological discipline ; she is an expert in advocacy and , apparently , nothing else relevant .
A bit of searching on Google will tell you what other areas of expertise line Ms. Johnson 's CV .
For instance , Machine Gun Keyboard reports in Censorship , self - censorship , and the chilling effect [ NSFW photograph in article ] that Hetty Johnson is going after photographic artist Bill Henson , trying to get his photographic art essentially banned throughout Australia .
Among her tactics were strident support for both Henson and the Ros Oxley gallery that displayed his work being charged with child pornography crimes , despite the fact that Section 91H of the New South Wales Crimes
Act is explicit in its definition of child pornography such that Henson 's work is exempt .
If Henson were to be found in violation of the law in this case , Anne Gedde 's Sleeping Angels images would be just as susceptible to criminal charges — if not more so .
Think about that for a moment .
Once you have finished thinking about that , think about what this says about her actual expertise in legal and technical matters relating to criminal prosecution .
You have probably already figured out that she has zero expertise in such matters .
" Think of the children ! " advocacy is one of those rare industries where absolutely zero understanding of the subject matter is no barrier to being called an " expert " .
Dr. Adrian McCullagh of the Queensland University of Technology , on the other hand , appears to have some actual credentials .
He has degrees in both computer security and legal fields .
Unfortunately , his major contribution to this article about how much Microsoft " thwarts " efforts to eliminate child pornography was to call for " replication of UK laws that made it a crime to refuse to decrypt data requested by police . "
Different people may have different opinions on the matter of whether or not law enforcement agencies should have unfettered access to our private data .
A discussion in any depth of whether such a thing is a good idea is well beyond the scope of this article .
It seems incredibly short - sighted , however , to declare what is perhaps Microsoft 's only completely positive contribution to computer security in recent memory — the inclusion of strong encryption for protecting sensitive data on a filesystem — a danger to public safety .
You will find no apologies for Microsoft 's failings here , but credit should be given where it is due .
If Microsoft Windows 7 provides filesystem encryption capable of keeping the police from accessing it without the help of the person who wishes to keep the data secret , that means that Microsoft has finally done something right in terms of offering true security to the users of its operating systems .
Sensational headlines suggesting Microsoft is intentionally aiding and abetting those who violate the safety of children are irresponsible and display a shockingly amoral disregard for security .
There are nerds .
And there are science fiction nerds .
And then there are American fans of Doctor Who — those who dare to combine the exquisite dweebery of Anglophilia with the delicious dorkdom of old - skool SF .
I ’m of that last tribe , a real Who - head .
I can tell you what Tardis stands for ( Time and Relative Dimensions in Space ) , and , more important , I can say “ Tardis ” over and over again — not just with a straight face but with reverence .
Bargain - basement BBC production values ?
Alien monsters made from trash cans and toilet plungers ?
Anachronous kibitzing with Shakespeare and Dickens ?
That ’s my flavor , mate .
It ’s the sort of thing that ’s hard to find on this side of the pond ( especially now that Syfy has foolishly ceded new Who episodes and specials to BBC America ) .
I suppose US culture simply is n’t advanced enough to appreciate the longest - running , most successful ( and , yes , also the cheesiest and chintziest ) science fiction series in television history .
And by advanced , I mean defeated .
Luckily , that may be changing .
Before you brand me a Benedork Arnold , let me explain :
There ’s a fix I just do n’t get from mainstream American science fiction , perhaps because of its grinding obsession with the imperialistic ( and its depressive sibling , the dystopic ) , not to mention its wearisome push for ever - shinier effects .
Like its not - so - distant cousin American religion , American sci-fi is fixated on final battles , ultimate judgment ( particularly on questions of control and leadership ) , and an up - or - down vote on the whole good / evil issue .
Even the most morally restless imaginings — the Lost s and Battlestar s — eventually prolapse into Bruckheimer - esque excerpts from the Book of Revelation .
As an antidote , I turn to the Doctor — a fussy 900 - year - old neurotic who ’s part Ancient Mariner , part Oxford don , with a whimsical fashion sense , a close acquaintance with defeat and futility , and a tendency to rattle on .
He subscribes to no Force - like creed .
No enlightened military Federation stands behind him , photon torpedoes at the ready — indeed , his race , the Time Lords , is more or less extinct .
His signature gizmo is n’t a blaster or a phaser but a souped - up screwdriver .
His Millennium Falcon ?
The Tardis , which looks to the unschooled like an old telephone booth .
It ’s actually a police call box , a relic from the ’50s , and the ship ’s most spectacular feature is n’t artillery ; it ’s feng shui :
It ’s bigger on the inside .
The Doctor is courageous and heroic , sure , but in the Mèdecins Sans Frontiéres vein .
Oh so Euro !
True ,
Who does take a little adjusting to .
Like room - temperature Guinness and universal health care , it ’s an acquired taste .
But in 2005 , writer - producer Russell T. Davies ( creator of Queer as Folk ) relaunched the show — which had been more or less on ice for 15 years — as a zippy , cheeky , Buffy - esque melodrama , which grasped the appeal of the initial series of the ’60s .
It was TV ’s first real postimperial science fiction , devised in a time of scarcity , dispossession , and massive social deflation — but also great hope for the future .
Sound familiar , America ?
Oh , I can hear the teabaggers now :
This is defeatist talk !
Does n’t sound like your cup of Tetley , eh , Glenn Beck ?
Fair enough : Enjoy your Transformers and the baby - faced club kids of the new Enterprise .
But I ’d highly recommend a field trip to Whoville .
And I ’m not the only one .
Thanks to BBC America and Who spinoffs like Torchwood , the Doctor ’s growing popularity here in the States may signal a dawning recognition that size and might and flash are n’t everything — that there are less bombastic futures to contemplate , that sci - fi can be elegiac without the boom and bust of dystopia .
Perhaps we can appreciate a complicated hero and some tricked - out trash cans instead of relying on gi-normous , eye - stabbing “ set pieces . ”
Join me , my Yankee brethren .
There ’s plenty of room in the Tardis — maybe even enough for two ex-empires on their way to the Great Beyond .
Email scott_brown@wired.com .
Fatal Bike Crash in North Portland Last Night
A cyclist riding was struck and killed by two cars late last night at the intersection of N Willamette and Haven Road , right next to University of Portland .
Sponsored Enter to WIN a free Hapy Kitchen Tour & Swag Bag !
Win a behind - the - scenes tour of our kitchen , see how we make our artisan edibles , and get some swag .
Victim Kipp Crawford
From the police :
This morning at 2:26 a.m. , Portland Police responded to the area of North Willamette Blvd and North Haven Street on a call of a bicyclist that had been hit .
Officers located an injured man at the scene and he was immediately taken to an area hospital .
This man later died at the hospital .
Police are attempting to identify the deceased man .
The Major Crash Team is on scene investigating this incident .
Both drivers and their vehicles are at the scene of this incident and investigators are interviewing both drivers .
Police are still attempting to identify the man found at the scene .
That section of Willamette has a bike lane , but it 's not clear at all what happened — whether the cyclist was in the bike lane or even whether the cars were going in opposite directions .
This is the fourth fatal bike crash this year in Portland .
KATU reports that the police investigators have " at least one witness account of the cyclist being pushed into the road " , after neighbors heard the sounds of an argument on the road .
BikePortland also has some commentary on the tragedy and some photos of the crash scene .
More details as we have them .
UPDATE 12:31 PM : Both drivers were drunk .
Police charged both 41 - year old Carlos Tyrone McCall , the driver of a Cadillac , and 44 - year - old Felisa Washington - Berry , driver of an Isuzu SUV , of driving under the influence .
The cyclist has been identified as 31 - year - old Kipp Daniel Crawford .
It turns out he was not actually on his bike at the time of the crash .
According to police spokeswoman Mary Wheat , Crawford was " down in the roadway " when he was struck by the two cars traveling in the same direction .
Police are trying to piece together why Crawford was off his bike and in the road and are asking anyone who interacted with Crawford yesterday to call Officer Peter Kurronen at 503-823-2208 .
Did anyone know Crawford ?
Update 4:50 PM : Crawford was a musician in a couple local bands , including Thanks Kipp and the drummer in Celilo .
He will definitely be missed by a lot of friends .
Responding to the Fort Hood Tragedy
Posted in articles by Imam Zaid Shakir on 2009 - 11- 12
This is my response to the Fort Hood tragedy and events both associated with it and ensuing from it .
I begin by expressing my deepest condolences to the families of all of the dead and wounded .
There is no legitimate reason for their deaths , just as I firmly believe there is no legitimate reason for the deaths of the hundreds of thousands of Iraqi and Afghani civilians who have perished as a result of those two conflicts .
Even though I disagree with the continued prosecution of those wars , and even though I believe that the US war machine is the single greatest threat to world peace , I must commend the top military brass at Fort Hood , and President Obama for encouraging restraint and for refusing to attribute the crime allegedly perpetrated by Major Nidal Malik Hasan to Islam .
We pray that God bless us to see peace and sanity prevail during these tense times .
Introduction
One of the greatest foundations of Islam is truth .
One of the ninety - nine names of God is al - Haqq ( the Truth )
It is unfair to distort the truth , to present falsehood as fact , or to present half - truths as definitive declarations .
Truth , along with Goodness and Beauty are the three great transcendental realities that Islam and all other religions strive to aid us towards both realizing and actualizing in our lives .
In the Arabic / Islamic lexicon these are known as al - Haqq ( the Truth ) , al - Ihsan ( Goodness ) , and al - Jamaal ( Beauty ) .
Concerning the truth , our Prophet , peace and blessings upon him , taught us to pray , Allahumma Arinal Haqqa Haqqan wa Zurqnat Tiba’ahu , “ O God !
Show us the truth as truth and bless us to follow it . ”
The Qur’an presents the truth as a powerful , self - evident reality that is distinguishable from falsehood without any need for extraneous clarification ( 2:256 ) .
The mere presence of the truth is enough to dispel the clouds of darkness and falsehood ( 17:81 ) .
Therefore , a great objective of our religion is discovering and then following the truth .
One of the unfortunate consequences of tragic and highly emotive events like the shootings that recently occurred at Fort Hood , Texas , is that such events are used to advance agendas that by their very nature make a mockery of the truth .
This event is no exception .
There are those who seek to use this event to portray the Muslim community in this country as an inherent menace whose very existence has to be challenged .
Traveling the length and breath of this country in the service of that community , I know this is not the truth .
The Muslim community in this country is a peace - loving , law - abiding community that has in ways great and small advanced the general welfare of this nation and its citizenry .
To present it otherwise is a blatant lie .
Like any other community that has a fairly large percentage of immigrants among it members , the Muslim community does have those elements , especially older members or those newly arrived from the Muslim world whose strongest sentiments , emotional and cultural attachments may be towards the lands they have come from than to the country they find themselves in .
This is true for many members of most immigrant populations .
However , generally speaking , such attachments are not found among Muslims born and raised here , nor do they translate into animosity towards or a desire to do harm to this country .
Saying that is not to deny the existence of Muslims who may be agitated by the injustices and inequities they find in American foreign policy , or the increasingly prejudicial or even racist attitudes being advanced by some parties towards America ’s Muslims .
Among them is a small minority whose anger and frustration may render them vulnerable to the appeal of demagogues who would attempt to exploit their emotions to advance a nefarious agenda , or a number of factors may converge in their lives pushing them towards acts of violence against their fellow citizens .
This might prove to be the case for Major Nidal Malik Hasan , who has been identified as the shooter at Fort Hood , and a few other random individuals .
However , it is not and never will be anything that can even begin to approach the norm in our community .
There are those who will argue that the problem is those random “ few ” Muslims who may snap at any time .
That is certainly a problem .
However , if the recent history of this country is any indication , those few have been less in number and responsible for far less carnage than the “ few ” from the non-Muslim population , the postal workers , high school or university students , or the random individuals who have snapped and gone on to wreak havoc in our society .
One of the great tragedies in this situation is to view the crime Major Hasan is being accused of as a specifically Muslim problem .
It is a human problem and if it approached as such perhaps we can learn something from it that will help us to get to the roots of the violent outbursts that are becoming increasingly widespread in our society .
We can debate the issue of violence at large in our society and we can debate the issue of “ Muslim ” violence .
What is unequivocally true about the latter , to the extent that it does exist , is that attacks against the lives or property of American citizens in this country have nothing to do with Islam .
There are no teachings from the normative corpus of Muslim political writings that allow a Muslim to violate the security of the public square , to endanger the lives of the general public , to attack non-combatant civilians , even in a battlefield situation , or to aggress against soldiers who are not in a battlefield .
This is especially true where Muslims have entered into an explicit or implicit covenant of protection from non-Muslim political authorities and constitute a distinct minority in a particular land .
Much of the balance of this article will be dedicated to presenting Islamic teachings that substantiate what I have mentioned above concerning the duties of Muslims to protect the public square in a non-Muslim land they may find themselves in , and those teachings that warn against foolhardy , ill - conceived attacks that only bring harm and hardship to innocent , unsuspecting people , Muslims among them .
My argument is a direct refutation of Muslims who seek to distort Islamic teachings to motivate ignorant Muslims to undertake ill - advised and unsanctioned actions against the citizenry of this country .
It also restates my position on this issue . [ 1 ]
No Room for Vigilante Treachery in the Divine Law
In his expansive work , al - Jihad wa’l Qital fi al - Siyasa al - Shar ’iyya ( Sanctioned Warfare and Fighting in the Divine Law ) Muhammad Khayr Haykal mentions , concerning the implications accruing from an oath of protection : [ 2 ]
The cessation of hostilities that is mentioned here might be a consequence of an oath of protection given by non-Muslims to Muslims , or a consequence of an oath of protection given by Muslims to non-Muslims .
In both cases , it obligates a cessation of hostilities against the members of the opposing community who might technically be at war with the Muslims .
[ This is so ] whether the Muslims have granted the oath of protection or it has been granted to them . [ 3 ]
Haykal continues :
It is not permissible for Muslims who have been granted an oath of protection from members of other communities to launch into fighting them , because this is treachery . [ 4 ]
Two concepts are critical in what Haykal mentions here , one is the idea of treachery , and the other is the idea of reciprocity .
Islam is predicated on honorable behavior .
It is the height of dishonor to violate the trust that is extended to a person given the right to move about freely in a particular land based on the assumption that that person has accepted the responsibility to protect and preserve public order in that land and the lives and property of its people .
In his commentary on al - Mughni , one of the definitive compendiums of Islamic law according to the Hanbali rite , Imam al - Maqdisi mentions in this regard , “ If an oath of protection is given to a non-Muslim population , it is forbidden to fight them , usurp their wealth , or to expose them to any harm . ” [ 5 ]
Imam al - Shafi ’i clarifies that this includes Muslims who have entered into a non-Muslim land .
He states , “ If a group of Muslims enter the land of non-Muslims with an oath of protection , the others are safe from them [ … ] they [ the Muslims ] have no right to oppress or betray them . ” [ 6 ]
It should be clear that a Muslim is not allowed to transgress against non-Muslims as long as he or she resides in their lands under their protection .
Any aggression from their quarter is unsanctioned treachery .
If they feel they can no longer accept the perceived or real abuses or injustices of the host people then they are obliged to leave that land if remaining there would push them into acts of violence or aggression against the host community .
The idea of reciprocity is critical in this particular area of inquiry .
All of our major legal texts discuss this idea .
It is the idea that the responsibilities expected of non-Muslims minorities in Muslim lands are incumbent on Muslims in non-Muslim lands .
Hence , just as it would be unacceptable for a non-Muslim residing in a Muslim land to attack the people of that land , civilian or military , it is unacceptable for a Muslim residing in a non-Muslim land to engage in similar acts .
This is an undeniable principle in our law .
Hence , respecting it is not a stratagem or a convenient contingency ; it is upholding an inviolable principle .
It is also well - known amongst Muslim scholars that it is prohibited to undertake any acts that will result in widespread harm returning to Muslims .
This is based on the prophetic Hadith , “ There is no initiating or reciprocating harm . ” [ 7 ]
This Hadith has given rise to the legal maxim , “ Harm is to be removed . ”
Hence , any action that is likely to result in widespread harm to Muslims is unsanctioned and necessarily removed .
In the current political climate in America where the demonizing of Muslims has evolved into an industry , where rules of civility and the rejection of any meaningful anti-defamation statutes allow for indiscriminate calls to murder Muslims on public airwaves ; where Mosques and other Muslim organizations are infiltrated by agent provocateurs who are encouraging Muslims to engage in acts that could potentially unleash waves of anti-Muslim venom , it is clear to anyone with a modicum of intellect that attacks such as the one occurring at Fort Hood have no Islamic sanction , neither in principle nor from a tactical point of view .
Such attacks only give credence to those foul elements who desire to justify ongoing wars against Muslim populations .
There are those in the Muslim world who think that by calling for such attacks they can draw America into deeper involvements in places such as Iraq or Afghanistan which will then become America ’s Vietnam .
Little do they realize that there are fanatical elements in these western lands that use such attacks to argue for a full - blown assault on Muslim lands as opposed to the current limited engagement .
Some of those calls are for nuclear attacks , and their advocates would not be bothered seeing the number of dead Iraqis resulting from our involvement in that country growing from the currently lamentable number of over one million to five or six million .
Little do those Muslims realize that they are encouraging elements that would bomb Afghan towns and villages with the same insane impunity that was visited upon places like Tokyo , Dresden , Hamburg of Berlin during World War II ; for they are arguing that Islam , like fascism , poses an existential threat to America and western civilization .
One of the things giving any credence to their perverse arguments and turning a hesitate public towards their camp are belligerent actions they hope can be attributed to Muslims .
We should neither contribute to such actions in deed nor should we applaud them .
Ibn Juzayy mentions in Qawanin al - Ahkam al - Shar’iyya :
If the Muslims know that they will be slaughtered in wholesale fashion it is fitting that they abandon fighting .
If they know that they will be slaughtered and that their losses will do little to alter the strategic balance vis-à - vis the enemy forces , it is absolutely obligatory that they abandon any encounter . [ 8 ]
Any Muslim who thinks that an unsanctioned act of violence he may undertake in this country is going to alter the strategic balance is grandly deluded or inexcusably ignorant .
His undertaking any violent act in this country is additionally forbidden because he is likely going to be killed , gravely injured , or captured in the encounter .
Imam al - Shawkani mentions in al - Sayl al - Jarrar , “ It is well - known legal reasoning that one who strikes out [ against an enemy ] knowing beforehand that he will be killed , captured or vanquished , has hurled himself to destruction . ” [ 9 ]
Imam al - Shawkani goes on to explain that such an act is forbidden based on the Qur’anic verse , Do not hurl yourself to destruction with your own hands .
( 2:195 ) [ 10 ]
The discouragement of foolhardy acts of desperation based on this verse , is also made by Ibn ‘ Abideen in his commentary on al - Durr al - Mukhtar . [ 11 ]
There is another salient point that we must mention in this context .
No one , even in a Muslim land , has the right to undertake violent acts , even against a recognized enemy when the political authorities of that land determine that those acts will incur harm to Muslims [ or other innocent people ] .
Dr. Haykal elaborates on this point at length :
The lawful authorities in a land possess the right , and this right is similarly conferred by valid legislative principles , to absolutely prevent any method , or any organization whose very nature would result in consequences that would expose the Muslims to grave danger and harm .
Therefore , when the legislative authorities perceive that something that may originally be permissible has consequences that involve any degree of harm , it is their responsibility to prevent that harm .
Rather , it is incumbent on them to prevent it .
This is accomplished by preventing individuals from arming themselves and preventing them from forming armed militias that are independent of the standing army .
Indeed , the divine law has given the authorities a number of legislative principles to use in order to cut off any path where the winds of harm may blow from . [ 12 ]
If this is the case for a Muslim country , what is the permissibility for vigilante acts and underground militias in a non-Muslim land where Muslims are forbidden to threaten public order or to independently implement any Islamic teachings related to strategic affairs ?
Finally , as implied above , Muslim leaders have the responsibility to protect the faithful from foolhardy acts that will lead to unnecessary lose of life , and to warn them again individuals who would lead them towards such acts .
For this reason , ‘ Umar bin al - Khattab , warned against reckless commanders who would expose the faithful to unnecessary hardship .
This led to him advising his governors , “ Do not appoint al - Bara ’ ibn Malik over any Muslim army . ” [ 13 ]
This warning was issued owing to al - Bara ’s known recklessness and his ill - consideration of the consequences of his actions for his troops .
It is a shame that there are Muslims who have no connection with this country yet are recklessly and insensitively endorsing actions that endanger innocent Muslims and non-Muslims alike .
They are not on the ground in this country and are therefore not attuned to the nature of the struggles and vulnerabilities of our community .
Conclusion
So what are the Muslims of this country to do in the aftermath of the tragedy at Fort Hood ?
We have to do the good things we were doing before it occurred .
Indeed , we need to increase that good .
Our civil rights can be assailed , we can be denied equal protection under the law , our lawful and law - abiding organizations can be closed down , but no one can take our dignity from us , no one can prevent us from being decent neighbors , honest workers , dedicated students , faithful citizens , and pious believers .
Furthermore , no one can prevent us from engaging in a heroic struggle to secure our God -given and constitutionally - mandated rights , and from working for the creation of the kinds of policies that will prevent the current bloodletting that is occurring in some Muslim lands with the active complicity of our country ’s military and security apparatuses .
Certainly , the heightened levels of hate speech , the whispers of a coming backlash , and the elected officials who have gone on record promising to do nothing to mitigate such a backlash are all unsettling .
However , if we preserve and remain ever mindful of the wise commandments that are available to guide our steps , we should rest assured that God will not abandon us .
He states in the Qur’an , You will surely be tested in your property and your persons .
And you will hear from [ some of ] those given the Scripture before you , and from the idolaters much abuse .
If you patiently persevere , and remain mindful of God , surely this is a manifestation of prophetic resolution .
( 3:186 )
So brothers and sisters , at this time when very powerful and well - financed interests are rallying against us ; at this time when we can entertain no real hope of meaningful support from any Muslim country , we have to redouble our dependence on God ; we have to live for Him and seek our strength through him .
Whoever remains mindful of Allah , He makes for him a way out , He bestows
His sustenance upon him from directions he could never imagine , and one who places his trust in God finds that He suffices him …
( 65:2-3 ) This is the way of the Prophets , peace upon them .
Let it be our way .
Imam Zaid Shakir 11/11/09
Notes :
[ 1 ]
My position on a number of controversial issues has been stated at length , among other places in my book , Scattered Pictures : Reflections of an American Muslim , published in 2005 by the Zaytuna Institute , and a 4 - CD set entitled , Looking Back to Look Ahead , produced by Zaytuna Institute in 2006 .
[ 2 ]
In the modern context , such an oath of protection may result from the acceptance of citizenship , residency permits , visas issued for tourism , study or work , and other well - known means .
[ 3 ] Muhammad Khayr Haykal , al - Jihad wa’l Qital fi al - Siyasa al - Shar’iyya ( Beirut : Dar Ibn Hazm , 1417 /1996 ) , 3:1499
[ 4 ]
Haykal , 3:1502
[ 5 ] Imam Ibn ‘ Abd al - Rahman ibn Muhammad ibn Qudamah al - Maqdisi , al - Sharh al - Kabir ‘ ala Matn al - Muqni ’ ( Beirut : Dar al - Kitab al - ‘ Arabi , 1372/1972 ) , 10:555
[ 6 ]
Imam Muhammad ibn Idris al - Shafi’i , Kitab al - Umm ( Beirut : Dar al - Ma’rifa , nd ) , 4:248
[ 7 ]
Ibn Majah , no .
2341
[ 8 ] Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Juzayy al - Kalbi , Qawanin al - Ahkam al - Shar ’iyya ( Beirut : Dar al - ‘ Ilm li’l Malayin , 1374 / 1974 ) , p. 165
[ 9 ]
Imam Muhammad ibn ‘ Ali al - Shawkani , al - Sayl al - Jarrar ( Beirut : Dar al - Kutub al - ‘ Ilmiyya , 1405 / 1985 ) , 4:519
[ 10 ] There are those who argue that the correct interpretation of this verse is the opposite of what is implied here .
Namely , it was encouraging those who stayed away from a battle in order to mind their crops and cattle to go forth to the fray lest they be destroyed by the advancing enemy forces .
However , Imam al - Shawkani and others argue that the meaning is contingent on the situation .
While that meaning may be the one applicable to the occasion of the verse ’s revelation , to argue that the verse is discouraging involvement in foolhardy acts of desperation is also operative .
This is so based on the interpretive principle , العبرة لعموم اللفظ لا لخصوص السبب al - ‘ Ibra li ‘ Umum al - Lafdh , la li Khusus al - Sabab ( The applicability of a verse is based on the generality of its wording not the specificity of its revelation ) .
[ 11 ]
See Imam Ibn ‘ Abideen , Radd al - Muhtar ‘ ala al - Durr al - Mukhtar ( Cairo : Matba ’ Khidaywi Isma’il , 1286 ) , 3:337
[ 12 ] Haykal , 2:1008
[ 13 ] Imam Muhammad ibn Ahmad al - Sarkhasi , Sharh al - Siyar al - Kabir ( Cairo : Jami ’ al - Makhtutat Jami ’ al - Duwal al -‘ Arabiyya , 1372/1972 ) , 1:62
For an audio account of my views on several contentious issues , including the one discussed above , I refer to reader to a 4 - CD set , based on a 2006 lecture series , Looking Back to Look Ahead .
Visit the following link :
http://www.newislamicdirections.com/store/item_detail/looking_back_to_look_ahead/
Comments
By Ieman Hassan on November 12 , 2009 at 11:39 pm
Our dear Imam Zaid , thank you for being a voice of reason in a world that has become devoid of such reason .
May Allah bless you for your efforts to dispel the lies surrounding Islam , and may you continue to do so in the best of iman and health .
By anonymous on November 13 , 2009 at 10:54 pm Salaam Alaikum Imam Zaid Shakir
Thank you for this article .
Do you know anything about the Imam who is accused of saying those awful things ?
His teachings on the other things , which have nothing to do with this , were good and popular .
If we have his cds should we no longer keep them ?
What should we do ?
By Baasel on November 15 , 2009 at 3:00 pm
As salamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi wa barakatahu , Linda Heard , who writes for Middle East affairs on gulfnews.com , writes in her article " Muslims need not be apologetic " says " Nidal ... whatever the motivation ... American Muslims are under pressure to condemn the attack , which Christians and Jews are never required to do when one of their co-religionists turn to violence .
I do n't recall Irish Catholics having to dissociate themselves from Oklahoma bomber Timothy McVeigh , for instance
By Aqeelah Nasir on November 21 , 2009 at 8:22 am
As salaamu ' alaykum Imam Zaid , May Allah greatly reward you for the work that you do including providing sound information on pertinent matters as you have done in this article .
By ibemuslim on May 7 , 2010 at 10:48 am
Shaykh you went to great lengths to encourage the muslims to passivity and cowardice while those who hate us are rampant in their hatred and distain for us .
Imam Jamil Al - Amin once said , " people do n't start revolutions SITUATIONS do " .
The situation that Nadal Jamal Hasan found himself inescapably trapped in resulted in his decision to revolt .
The decision he made was his to make for himself .
He did not make a desicion for the ummah !
" oppression is worst than slaughter " Holy Quran
A blanket condemnation of this man and his actions , without examination of the circumstances that perpetuated them is uncharacteristic of scholarship .
And it betrays the truth .
" the believers are brothers of one another " Holy Quran
For us to fall into the trap of " immigrant muslim " or " indiginous muslim " is to divide ourselves along destructive lines .
This is worst than the " sunni muslim " or " shia muslim " trick that was so successfully played on us many years ago .
Or the Willie Lynch strategem of " light skin dark skin " slave .
" my ummah is like a body , when one part of it aches the whole body aches " Sahih Bukhari
We tend to view the horrible things being done to muslims abroad as " their problem " , while exerting every effort to " assure boss " that we ain't like them .
We go to great lengths to " distance ourselves " from the struggle of the muslims " under fire " for fear of agitating " master " .
There is no khalifah to pass the decrees that you mentioned .
The power of the ummah has been usurpted by those who hate us .
They are well organized in their attacks against us , while we apologize for existing .
We are told to " make dua " while they post pictures of their crimes against us on the internet for the world to see .
That seems a bit like " turning the other cheek " .
I do no applaud the actions taken at Fort Hood nor do I condemn the man who took them .
He did what he did NOT BECAUSE HE WAS MUSLIM , he did them because HE WAS OPPRESSED !
You are far to valuable to us for you to fall into the trap of defending our enemy against us with your knowledge of deen .
Tell those who have been wrongfully arrested , convicted and imprisoned under the anti-patriot act how " free they are to walk around " in a land that makes laws targetting them .
Tell those who were tricked into presenting themselves at the INS office in Los Angles and were arrested ( detained ) and taken to Gitmo , how free they are to " live in peace as citizens " in this non-muslim land .
I was amazed that you would suggest that " those who did not feel free to practice their religion could leave " .
Leave and go where ?
The fore - fathers of the descendants of slaves in America built this country into the greatest country in the world .
At no cost ( monetarily speaking ) .
They were the inventors of to many necessities to mention here .
They lived , worked and died with no advantage to themselves .
They were robbed of their language , religion and culture in this land , and you say " they can always leave " .
Wow !
Thanks for your invitation to leave , but no thanks .
As a descendant of slaves who built this country I think I 'll stay and without fear .
I think I 'll not lay - down or walk on egg shells .
I think I will proclaim the truth where ever life may find me .
Hope you will too ..... your brother " pray oftn n much "
By Mahmuud on January 9 , 2011 at 11:19 am
I dont understand , what major nidal hassan did was a good thing , he killed 13 american soldiers who where eventually going to be placed in iraq or afghanistaan to opress the muslims , thousands of innocent muslims have died at the hands of the american oppressors and when 13 soliders , yes some civilians not involved in the opression of muslims have been killed in america , however what they have done is worse .
Dont you remember a controversial time in the time of muhammad ( saaw ) , when a sahaba killed a kuffar in the one of the holy months , when it is forbidden , and allaah ( swt ) revealed ' that killing in the holy months are a sin but what the kuffar in quraysh have done is far worse ( preventing acsses to masjid al haram , driving the muslims out of there land , persucting muslims for following islam .
So how can anyone sympathize with the deaths of these kuffar , what major hassan has done is a good thing .
By Order An Essay on January 17 , 2012 at 1:42 pm
Heya there !
My spouse and i appreciate the judgement and thinking of the actual source .
Fantastic to find such concepts talked over on the net .
You need to should motivate visitor communication and dialogue < a href = " http://www.magicessays.com " >
Custom Research Paper </a >.
Maintain the good efforts !
By custom research papers on January 31 , 2012 at 6:04 am Terrific material .
Many thanks for your site .
Merely a idea .
I 'm not promoting Google in any way , but I have seen that you are not using Google Analytics on your site .
That could be a great way to enhance your site and generate income from it in a far better way .
It really will allow to keep track of visits and then determine precisely what specific information is most liked .
I suggest it .
One other essential software system for that purpose is PIWIK and it's also an open source cost - free program that you simply set up on your own internet hosting account < a href = " http://www.royalessays.com/private_essay_writer "
>
Private Essay Writer</a>
By Alexa on February 10 , 2012 at 12:17 pm Superior web page .
I like your posting comments system .
Apologies for the off - topic post , yet I had been very amazed with Djokovic 's play in the final of the Australian OPen this year .
The man is definitely unrivaled .
He demonstrated he was as strong as stainless steel .
Only consider about he he can whip Nadal who has been so stimulated to gain and really was so pumped up during the fifth set .
I am starting to feel that Djokovic has been doing some spiritual work to bring some aids on his side that help him win such matches up against the finest players in the world < a href = " http://www.royalessays.com ">order a term paper </a >.
What 's your opinion regarding Rafa 's game ?
By Writing services on February 10 , 2012 at 10:03 pm
That is some great stuff written here .
I appreciate your wonderful content .
I 'm composing a research paper with regards to politics and your site helped a whole lot .
I 'm a university student so if you 're in a absence of time I recommend to seek help pertaining to < a href = " http://www.my-writing-service.com/buy_term_papers ">Buy Term Papers </a >.
Cheers !
By Order A Dissertation Online on April 15 , 2012 at 9:03 pm
Very nice write - up .
Wonderful strategies embraced .
Appreciate your web - site . < a href= " http://www.solidwriters.com/dissertation_advice ">dissertation advice </a>
Best of luck .
By TimurDumb on April 16 , 2012 at 5:06 pm
I need to give thanks to you for your weblog .
You have got a lot of fascinating information as a result the site is great .
I'm a undergraduate in Arizona and I have an vital term paper scheduled this month .
I 'm really having trouble and currently have writers - block currently as I am investigating .
Need a person to help me revise the free article I stumbled upon on the web < a href = "
http://www.customessaymeister.com/customessays/Affirmative Action/7419.htm " > affirmative action : solution or confusion essay < /a >.
That document suits my personal specifications but is written in a terrible fashion and there are syntax faults .
Do you consider I ought to proceed ?
I 'm simply just eager for support , thus any kind of advice could be wonderful .
By TimurDumb on April 16 , 2012 at 6:00 pm I wish to thank you pertaining to your website .
You 've a great deal of useful stuff therefore website is great .
I am a undergraduate in Colorado and I have got an essential term paper scheduled immediately .
Now i am stuck as well as currently have writers - block right now as I am studying .
Would just like person to aid me modify the free article I discovered over the internet < a href= "
http://www.customessaymeister.com/customessays/Engineering/1680.htm " >scarlet letter : dimmesdale 's suffering essay < /a >.
That report satisfies my personal requirements nevertheless is written in a terrible style and there are grammar faults .
Do you reckon I would proceed ?
I am simply just desperate for aid , and so almost any hint might be great .
Remember that dual - touchscreen concept machine that the One Laptop Per Child folks were working on ?
Yeah , it ’s toast .
In a recent interview , OLPC founder Nicholas Negroponte told Xconomy that the team is killing off the XO - 2 project and instead focusing on an XO Laptop version 1.75 .
For anyone keeping track , the first XO Laptop had an AMD Geode processor .
Version 1.5 had a faster VIA CPU .
And the new XO 1.75 will basically look the same on the outside , but it will feature an ARM - based processor on the inside , which means that it wo n’t use an x86 chipset and wo n’t be capable of running Windows .
That ’s not a huge problem , since the XO Laptop is designed to run Linux , but there had been a project to make the laptops available with Windows XP booting from a flash card .
The decision to scrap the ambitious XO - 2 probably should n’t come as a huge surprise .
Earlier this year the organization got hit with some budget realities and had to reduce its staff significantly .
But that does n’t mean Negroponte and friends are n’t still thinking big .
While the dual - screen XO 2 is n’t going to happen , they ’re already thinking about version 3.0 which could feature “ a single sheet , completely plastic and unbreakable , waterproof , 1/4 ″ thick , full color , reflective and transmissive . ”
The goal is for the XO 3.0 to run on just 1W of power and cost $ 75 .
The team is shooting for a 2012 release .
If that all sounds rather ambitious , that ’s because it is .
But so was the first XO laptop , which sparked the netbook revolution .
via OLPC News
Share this article : Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
The universe is change ; our life is what our thoughts make it .
Imperator Caesar Marcus Aurelius Antoninus Augustus ( 26 April 121 – 17 March 180 ) was a Stoic philosopher , and Roman Emperor from 161 to his death in 180 ; born Marcus Annius Catilius Severus , at marriage he took the name Marcus Annius Verus .
When named Emperor , he was given the name Marcus Aurelius Antoninus and afterwards became known as the last of the " Five Good Emperors " .
Be not as one that hath ten thousand years to live ; death is nigh at hand : while thou livest , while thou hast time , be good .
I shall meet today inquisitive , ungrateful , violent , treacherous , envious , uncharitable men .
All these things have come upon them through ignorance of real good and ill .
An angry countenance is much against nature ... But were it so , that all anger and passion were so thoroughly quenched in thee , that it were altogether impossible to kindle it any more , yet herein must not thou rest satisfied , but further endeavour by good consequence of true ratiocination , perfectly to conceive and understand , that all anger and passion is against reason .
You will find rest from vain fancies if you perform every act in life as though it were your last .
Quotes [ edit ]
Meditations ( c. 121–180 AD ) [ edit ]
( full text )
There are many different translations of these , often with different nuances of interpretation and sometimes different arrangements .
Book I [ edit ]
Of my grandfather Verus I have learned to be gentle and meek , and to refrain from all anger and passion ...
I have learned both shamefastness and manlike behaviour .
Of my mother I have learned to be religious , and bountiful ; and to forbear , not only to do , but to intend any evil ; to content myself with a spare diet , and to fly all such excess as is incidental to great wealth .
I , 1
Her reverence for the divine , her generosity , her inability not only to do wrong but even to conceive of doing it .
And the simple way she lived — not in the least like the rich .
( Hays translation ) I , 3
From Apollonius , true liberty , and unvariable steadfastness , and not to regard anything at all , though never so little , but right and reason : and always .. that it was possible for the same man to be both vehement and remiss : a man not subject to be vexed , and offended with the incapacity of his scholars and auditors in his lectures and expositions .
I , 5
Of Fronto , to how much envy and fraud and hypocrisy the state of a tyrannous king is subject unto , and how they who are commonly called [ Eupatridas Gk. ] , i.e. nobly born , are in some sort incapable , or void of natural affection .
I , 8
Not to display anger or other emotions .
To be free of passion and yet full of love .
( Hays translation ) I , 9
Self - control and resistance to distractions .
Optimism in adversity — especially illness .
( Hays translation ) I , 15
He was a man who looked at what ought to be done , not to the reputation which is got by a man 's acts .
I , 16
Book II [ edit ]
Ἕωθεν προλέγειν ἑαυτῷ : σ υντεύξομαι περιέργῳ , ἀχαρίστῳ , ὑβριστῇ , δολερῷ , βασκάνῳ , ἀκοινωνήτῳ : πάντα ταῦτα σ υμβέβηκ εν ἐκείνοι ς παρὰ τὴν ἄγνοιαν τῶν ἀγαθῶν καὶ κακῶν .
When you wake up in the morning , tell yourself :
The people I deal with today will be meddling , ungrateful , arrogant , dishonest , jealous , and surly .
They are like this because they can't tell good from evil .
( Hays translation )
Say to yourself in the early morning : I shall meet today inquisitive , ungrateful , violent , treacherous , envious , uncharitable men .
All these things have come upon them through ignorance of real good and ill .
II , 1
γεγ όναμ εν γὰρ πρὸ ς σ υ νεργίαν ὡς πόδες , ὡς χεῖρες , ὡς βλέφαρα , ὡς οἱ σ τοῖχο ι τῶν ἄνω καὶ κάτω ὀδόντ ων .
τὸ οὖν ἀντι πρά σ σ ειν ἀλλήλοι ς παρὰ φύσιν .
We are all made for mutual assistance , as the feet , the hands , and the eyelids , as the rows of the upper and under teeth , from whence it follows that clashing and opposition is perfectly unnatural .
II , 1
Whatever this is that I am , it is flesh and a little spirit and an intelligence .
( Hays translation )
This that I am , whatever it be , is mere flesh and a little breathe and the ruling Reason ( Haines translation )
This Being of mine , whatever it really is , consists of a little flesh , a little breath , and the part which governs .
A little flesh , a little breath , and a Reason to rule all – that is myself .
II , 2
What is divine is full of Providence .
Even chance is not divorced from nature , from the inweaving and enfolding of things governed by Providence .
Everything proceeds from it .
( Hays translation )
All that is from the gods is full of Providence .
II , 3
There is a limit to the time assigned you , and if you do n't use it to free yourself it will be gone and never return .
( Hays translation ) II , 4
Concentrate every minute like a Roman — like a man — on doing what ’s in front of you with precise and genuine seriousness , tenderly , willingly , with justice .
And on freeing yourself from all other distractions .
( Hays translation ) II , 5
Yes , you can -- if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in your life , and stop being aimless , stop letting your emotions override what your mind tells you , stop being hypocritical , self - centered , irritable .
( Hays translation )
You will find rest from vain fancies if you perform every act in life as though it were your last .
II , 5
You see how few things you have to do to live a satisfying and reverent life ?
If you can manage this , that 's all even the gods can ask of you .
( Hays translation )
Thou seest how few be the things , the which if a man has at his command his life flows gently on and is divine .
II , 5
Give thyself time to learn something new and good , and cease to be whirled around .
II , 7
This thou must always bear in mind , what is the nature of the whole ...
Τούτων ἀεὶ μεμνῆσθαι , τίς ἡ τῶν ὅλων φύσι ς
II , 9
You could leave life right now .
Let that determine what you do and say and think .
( Hays translation ) II , 11
Yet living and dying , honour and dishonour , pain and pleasure , riches and poverty , and so forth are equally the lot of good men and bad .
Things like these neither elevate nor degrade ; and therefore they are no more good than they are evil .
II , 11
The longest - lived and the shortest - lived man , when they come to die , lose one and the same thing .
II , 14
Remember that all is opinion .
Ὅτι πᾶν ὑπόληψις .
II , 15
No state sorrier than that of the man who keeps up a continual round , and pries into " the secrets of the nether world , " as saith the poet , and is curious in conjecture of what is in his neighbour 's heart .
II , 13
Though thou be destined to live three thousand years and as many myriads besides , yet remember that no man loseth other life than that which he liveth , nor liveth other than that which he loseth .
II , 14
For a man can lose neither the past nor the future ; for how can one take from him that which is not his ?
So remember these two points : first , that each thing is of like form from everlasting and comes round again in its cycle , and that it signifies not whether a man shall look upon the same things for a hundred years or two hundred , or for an infinity of time ; second , that the longest lived and the shortest lived man , when they come to die , lose one and the same thing .
II , 14
Human life .
Duration : momentary .
Nature : changeable .
Perception : dim .
Condition of Body : decaying .
Soul : spinning around .
Fortune : unpredictable .
Lasting Fame : uncertain .
Sum Up :
The body and its parts are a river , the soul a dream and mist , life is warfare and a journey far from home , lasting reputation is oblivion .
( Hays translation ) II , 17
As for life , it is a battle and a sojourning in a strange land ; but the fame that comes after is oblivion .
II , 17
Book III [ edit ]
What means all this ?
III , 3
Waste not the remnant of thy life in those imaginations touching other folk , whereby thou contributest not to the common weal .
III , 4
... undefiled by pleasures , invulnerable to any pain , untouched by arrogance , unaffected by meanness , an athlete in the greatest of all contests — the struggle not to be overwhelmed by anything that happens .
( Hays translation ) III , 4
The lot assigned to every man is suited to him , and suits him to itself .
III , 4
For we carry our fate with us — and it carries us .
( Hays translation ) III , 4
( Hays translation )
Be not unwilling in what thou doest , neither selfish nor unadvised nor obstinate ; let not over - refinement deck out thy thought ; be not wordy nor a busybody .
III , 5
A man should be upright , not kept upright .
III , 5
But that which is useful is the better .
III , 6
Choose what ’s best .
—Best is what benefits me .
( Hays translation ) III , 6
Never esteem anything as of advantage to you that will make you break your word or lose your self - respect .
III , 7
Respect the faculty that forms thy judgments .
III , 9
Remember that man lives only in the present , in this fleeting instant ; all the rest of his life is either past and gone , or not yet revealed .
Short , therefore , is man 's life , and narrow is the corner of the earth wherein he dwells .
III , 10
Short , therefore , is man 's life , and narrow is the corner of the earth wherein he dwells .
Each of us lives only now , this brief instant .
( Hays translation ) III , 10
The span we live is small — small as the corner of the earth in which we live it .
Small as even the greatest renown , passed from mouth to mouth by short - lived stick figures , ignorant alike of themselves and those long dead .
( Hays translation ) III
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life .
III , 11
If you do the job in a principled way , with diligence , energy and patience , if you keep yourself free of distractions , and keep the spirit inside you undamaged , as if you might have to give it back at any moment —
If you can embrace this without fear or expectation — can find fulfillment in what you ’re doing now , as Nature intended , and in superhuman truthfulness ( every word , every utterance ) — then your life will be happy .
( Hays translation ) — III , 12
As surgeons keep their instruments and knives always at hand for cases requiring immediate treatment , so shouldst thou have thy thoughts ready to understand things divine and human , remembering in thy every act , even the smallest , how close is the bond that unites the two .
III , 13
Nothing earthly succeeds by ignoring heaven , nothing heavenly by ignoring the earth .
( Hays translation ) III , 14
Book IV [ edit ]
Constantly regard the universe as one living being , having one substance and one soul ; and observe how all things have reference to one perception , the perception of this one living being .
The ruling power within , when it is in its natural state , is so related to outer circumstances that it easily changes to accord with what can be done and what is given it to do .
IV , 1
Let no act be done at haphazard , nor otherwise than according to the finished rules that govern its kind .
IV , 2
By a tranquil mind I mean nothing else than a mind well ordered .
IV , 3
Men seek retreats for themselves , houses in the country , sea-shores , and mountains ; and thou too art wont to desire such things very much .
But this is altogether a mark of the most common sort of men , for it is in thy power whenever thou shalt choose to retire into thyself .
For nowhere either with more quiet or more freedom from trouble does a man retire than into his own soul .
Variant translation : Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul .
IV , 3 .
The universe is change ; our life is what our thoughts make it .
The universe is flux , life is opinion .
The universe is transformation : life is opinion .
( Long translation ) ὁ κόσμο ς ἀλλοίωσις , ὁ βίος ὑπόληψι ς .
IV , 3
Think on this doctrine , — that reasoning beings were created for one another 's sake ; that to be patient is a branch of justice , and that men sin without intending it .
IV , 3
People try to get away from it all — to the country , to the beach , to the mountains .
You always wish that you could too .
Which is idiotic : you can get away from it anytime you like .
By going within .
Nowhere you can go is more peaceful — more free of interruptions — than your own soul .
( Hays translation )
IV , 4
The abyss of endless time that swallows it all .
The emptiness of all those applauding hands .
The people who praise us — how capricious they are , how arbitrary .
And the tiny region in which it all takes place .
( Hays translation ) IV , 4
Be straightforward .
Look at things like a man , like a human being , like a citizen , like a mortal .
( Hays translation ) IV , 4
Disturbance comes only from within — from our own perceptions .
( Hays translation ) IV , 4
“ The world is nothing but change .
Our life is only perception . ”
( Hays translation ) IV , 4
Nothing can come out of nothing , any more than a thing can go back to nothing .
IV , 4
If mind is common to us , then also the reason , whereby we are reasoning beings , is common .
If this be so , then also the reason which enjoins what is to be done or left undone is common .
If this be so , law also is common ; if this be so , we are citizens ; if this be so , we are partakers in one constitution ; if this be so , the Universe is a kind of Commonwealth .
IV , 4 ( as translated by ASL Farquharson )
If this be so , then also the reason which enjoins what is to be done or left undone is common .
If this be so , law also is common ; if this be so , we are citizens ; if this be so , we are partakers in one constitution ; if this be so ,
Death , like generation , is a secret of Nature .
IV , 5
Choose not to be harmed — and you wo n’t feel harmed .
Do n’t feel harmed — and you have n’t been .
( Hays translation ) IV , 7
That which makes the man no worse than he was makes his life no worse : it has no power to harm , without or within .
IV , 8
Whatever happens at all happens as it should ; you will find this true , if you watch narrowly .
IV , 10
; you will find this true , if you watch narrowly .
You have a mind ?
— Yes .
Well , why not use it ?
( Hays translation )
IV , 13
Death hangs over thee : whilst yet thou livest , whilst thou mayest , be good .
IV , 14 ( trans . Meric Casaubon ) Variant : Death hangs over thee .
While thou livest , while it is in thy power , be good .
τὸ χ ρεὼν ἐπήρτηται· ἕω ς ζῇς , ἕ ω ς ἔξεστιν , ἀγαθὸ ς γενοῦ .
IV , 17 ( trans . George Long )
Many the lumps of frankincense on the same altar ; one falls there early and another late , but it makes no difference .
IV , 15
Not to live as if you had endless years ahead of you .
Death overshadows you .
While you ’re alive and able — be good .
( Hays translation ) IV , 17
How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks , but only at what he does himself , to make it just and holy .
IV , 18
Doth perfect beauty stand in need of praise at all ?
Nay ; no more than law , no more than truth , no more than loving kindness , nor than modesty .
IV , 20
Whatever is in any way beautiful hath its source of beauty in itself , and is complete in itself ; praise forms no part of it .
So it is none the worse nor the better for being praised .
Variant :
That which is really beautiful has no need of anything .
( trans . George Long ) IV , 20
Does anything genuinely beautiful need supplementing ?
No more than justice does — or truth , or kindness , or humility .
Are any of those improved by being praised ?
Or damaged by contempt ?
Is an emerald suddenly flawed if no one admires it ?
Or gold , or ivory , or purple ?
Lyres ?
Knives ?
Flowers ?
Bushes ?
( Hays translation ) IV , 20
All that is harmony for you , my Universe , is in harmony with me as well .
Nothing that comes at the right time for you is too early or too late for me .
Everything is fruit to me that your seasons bring , Nature .
All things come of you , have their being in you , and return to you .
Πᾶν μοι σ υνα ρμόζει ὃ σοὶ εὐάρμοστ όν ἐστιν , ὦ κ όσμε· οὐδέν μοι π ρ όωρον οὐδὲ ὄψιμον ὃ σοὶ εὔκαιρον .
πᾶν μοι καρπὸς ὃ φέρο υ σιν αἱ σαὶ ὧραι , ὦ φύσι ς· ἐκ σοῦ πάντα , ἐν σοὶ πάντα , εἰ ς σὲ πάντα .
ἐκεῖνο ς μέν φησιν· IV , 23
" Let your occupations be few , " says the sage , " if you would lead a tranquil life . "
Ὀλίγα π ρῆ σσε , φησίν , εἰ μέλλει ς
εὐθυ μήσειν IV , 24
Because most of what we say and do is not essential .
If you can eliminate it , you ’ll have more time , and more tranquillity .
Ask yourself at every moment , “ Is this necessary ? ”
But we need to eliminate unnecessary assumptions as well .
To eliminate the unnecessary actions that follow .
( Hays translation ) IV , 24
But we need to eliminate unnecessary assumptions as well .
To eliminate the unnecessary actions that follow .
( Hays translation )
Love the little trade which thou hast learned , and be content therewith .
IV , 31
Remember this — that there is a proper dignity and proportion to be observed in the performance of every act of life .
IV , 32
You ’re better off not giving the small things more time than they deserve .
( Hays translation ) IV , 32
Then what should we work for ?
Only this : proper understanding ; unselfish action ; truthful speech .
A resolve to accept whatever happens as necessary and familiar , flowing like water from that same source and spring .
( Hays translation ) IV , 33
All is ephemeral — fame and the famous as well .
Πᾶν ἐφήμερον , καὶ τὸ μνημονεῦον καὶ τὸ μνημονε υ ό μενον .
IV , 35
Observe always that everything is the result of a change , and get used to thinking that there is nothing Nature loves so well as to change existing forms and to make new ones like them .
IV , 36
Search men's governing principles , and consider the wise , what they shun and what they cleave to .
Search men's governing principles , and consider the wise , what they shun and what they cleave to .
IV , 38
It needs to realize that what happens to everyone — bad and good alike — is neither good nor bad .
( Hays translation ) IV , 39
Constantly regard the universe as one living being , having one substance and one soul ; and observe how all things have reference to one perception , the perception of this one living being ; and how all things act with one movement ; and how all things are the cooperating causes of all things which exist ; observe too the continuous spinning of the thread and the contexture of the web .
IV , 40
Thou art a little soul bearing about a corpse , as Epictetus used to say .
IV , 41
Time is a sort of river of passing events , and strong is its current ; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place , and this too will be swept away .
IV , 43
All that happens is as usual and familiar as the rose in spring and the crop in summer .
IV , 44
That which comes after ever conforms to that which has gone before .
IV , 45
“ Those who have forgotten where the road leads . ”
“ They are at odds with what is all around them ” — the all - directing logos .
And “ they find alien what they meet with every day . ”
( Hays translation ) IV , 46
Mark how fleeting and paltry is the estate of man - yesterday in embryo , tomorrow a mummy or ashes .
So for the hairsbreadth of time assigned to thee , live rationally , and part with life cheerfully , as drops the ripe olive , extolling the season that bore it and the tree that matured it .
IV , 48
Do n’t let yourself forget how many doctors have died , after furrowing their brows over how many deathbeds .
How many astrologers , after pompous forecasts about others ’ ends .
How many philosophers , after endless disquisitions on death and immortality .
How many warriors , after inflicting thousands of casualties themselves .
How many tyrants , after abusing the power of life and death atrociously , as if they were themselves immortal .
( Hays translation ) IV , 48
To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over .
It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it .
IV , 49
It ’s unfortunate that this has happened .
No .
It ’s fortunate that this has happened and I ’ve remained unharmed by it — not shattered by the present or frightened of the future .
It could have happened to anyone .
But not everyone could have remained unharmed by it .
IV , 49 a
So remember this principle when something threatens to cause you pain : the thing itself was no misfortune at all ; to endure it and prevail is great good fortune .
IV , 49a
Deem not life a thing of consequence .
For look at the yawning void of the future , and at that other limitless space , the past .
IV , 50
Always take the short cut ; and that is the rational one .
Therefore say and do everything according to soundest reason .
IV , 51
Book V [ edit ]
At dawn , when you have trouble getting out of bed , tell yourself : ‘ I have to go to work – as a human being .
What do I have to complain of , if I ’m going to do what I was born for – the things I was brought into the world to do ?
Or is this what I was created for ?
To huddle under the blankets and stay warm ? ’
( Hays translation )
At dawn of day , when you dislike being called , have this thought ready : " I am called to man 's labour ; why then do I make a difficulty if I am going out to do what I was born to do and what I was brought into the world for ? ( Farquharson translation ) Ὄρθρου , ὅταν δυ σ όκν ω ς ἐξεγείρῃ , π ρόχε ιρον ἔστω ὅτι ἐπὶ ἀνθρώπο υ ἔργον ἐγείρομαι· ἔτι οὖν δυσ κολαίνω , εἰ πορεύομα ι ἐπὶ τὸ ποιεῖν ὧν ἕνεκ εν γέγονα καὶ ὧν χάριν προῆγμα ι
εἰ ς τὸν κόσμον ; ἢ ἐπὶ τοῦτο κα τε σ κε ύα σμαι , ἵνα κατα κε ί μενο ς ἐν σ τ ρ ωματίοι ς ἐμαυτὸν θάλπ ω ; V , 1
You do n't love yourself enough .
Or you 'd love your nature too , and what it demands of you .
People who love what they do wear themselves down doing it , they even forget to wash or eat .
Do you have less respect for your own nature than the engraver does for engraving , the dancer for the dance , the miser for money or the social climber for status ?
When they 're really possessed by what they do , they 'd rather stop eating and sleeping than give up practicing their arts .
Is helping others less valuable to you ?
Not worth your effort ?
( Hays translation ) V , 1
How easy it is to repel and to wipe away every impression which is troublesome or unsuitable , and immediately to be in all tranquility .
To shrug it all off and wipe it clean -- every annoyance and distraction -- and reach utter stillness .
Child 's play .
( Hays translation ) V , 2
Some people , when they do someone a favor , are always looking for a chance to call it in .
And some are n't , but they 're still aware of it -- still regard it as a debt .
But others do n't even do that .
They 're like a vine that produces grapes without looking for anything in return .
( Hays translation ) A man makes no noise over a good deed , but passes on to another as a vine to bear grapes again in season .
V , 6
A horse at the end of the race ... A dog when the hunt is over ... A bee with its honey stored ...
And a human being after helping others .
They do n't make a fuss about it .
They just go on to something else , as the vine looks forward to bearing fruit again in season .
We should be like that .
Acting almost unconsciously .
( Hays translation ) V , 6
The other reason is that what happens to the individual is a cause of well - being in what directs the world - - of its well - being , its fulfillment , or its very existence , even .
Because the whole is damaged if you cut away anything -- anything at all - - from its continuity and its coherence .
Not only its parts , but its purposes .
And that 's what you 're doing when you complain : hacking and destroying .
( Hays translation ) V , 7
Not to feel exasperated , or defeated , or despondent because your days are n't packed with wise and moral actions .
But to get back up when you fail , to celebrate behaving like a human -- however imperfectly -- and fully embrace the pursuit that you 've embarked on .
( Hays translation ) Flinch not , neither give up nor despair , if the achieving of every act in accordance with right principle is not always continuous with thee .
V , 9
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind .
Your soul takes on the color of your thoughts .
( Hays translation )
The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts .
V , 16
It is crazy to want what is impossible .
And impossible for the wicked not to do so .
( Hays translation )
To seek what is impossible is madness : and it is impossible that the bad should not do something of this kind .
Τὸ τὰ ἀδύνατα διώκειν μανικόν· ἀδύνατον δὲ τὸ τοὺ ς φαύλο υ ς μὴ τοιαῦτά τινα ποιεῖν .
V , 17
Nothing happens to anyone that he can't endure .
( Hays translation )
Nothing happens to anybody which he is not fitted by nature to bear .
Οὐδὲν οὐδενὶ σ υμ β αίνει ὃ οὐχὶ ἐκεῖνο πέφ υ κε φέρειν .
V , 18
Things have no hold on the soul .
They have no access to it , can not move or direct it .
It is moved and directed by itself alone .
It takes the things before it and interprets them as it sees fit .
( Hays translation ) V , 19
In a sense , people are our proper occupation .
Our job is to do them good and put up with them .
But when they obstruct our proper tasks , they become irrelevant to us -- like sun , wind , and animals .
Our actions may be impeded by them , but there can be no impeding our intentions or our dispositions .
Because we can accommodate and adapt .
The mind adapts and converts to its own purposes the obstacle to our acting .
The impediment to action advances action .
What stands in the way becomes the way .
( Hays translation ) V.20
Prize that which is best in the universe ; and this is that which useth everything and ordereth everything .
V , 21
The mind is the ruler of the soul .
It should remain unstirred by agitations of the flesh -- gentle and violent ones alike .
Not mingling with them , but fencing itself off and keeping those feelings in their place .
When they make their way into our thoughts , through the sympathetic link between mind and body , do n't try to resist the sensation .
The sensation is natural .
But do n't let the mind start in with judgments , calling it ' good ' or ' bad . '
( Hays translation ) V , 26
Live with the gods .
V , 27
Art thou angry with him whose arm - pits stink ?
art thou angry with him whose mouth smells foul ?
What good will this anger do thee ?
V , 28
The intelligence of the universe is social .
V , 30
Consider all that you ’ve gone through , all that you ’ve survived .
And that the story of your life is done , your assignment complete .
How many good things have you seen ?
How much pain and pleasure have you resisted ?
How many honors have you declined ?
How many unkind people have you been kind to ?
( Hays translation ) V , 31
... be tolerant with others and strict with yourself .
Remember , nothing belongs to you but your flesh and blood — and nothing else is under your control .
( Hays translation ) V , 33
But true good fortune is what you make for yourself .
Good fortune : good character , good intentions , and good actions .
( Hays translation ) V , 37
Book VI [ edit ]
Just that you do the right thing .
The rest does n’t matter .
Cold or warm .
Tired or well - rested .
Despised or honored .
Dying . . . or busy with other assignments .
( Hays translation ) VI , 2
Cold or warm .
Tired or well - rested .
Despised or honored .
Dying . . . or busy with other assignments .
( Hays translation )
Ἔσω βλέπε· μηδενὸ ς πράγματο ς μήτε ἡ ἰδία ποιότη ς μήτε ἡ ἀξία πα ρατρεχέτ ω σε .
Look beneath the surface ; let not the several quality of a thing nor its worth escape thee .
VI , 3
The controlling Intelligence understands its own nature , and what it does , and whereon it works .
VI , 5
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy .
VI , 6
Whensoever by some present hard occurrences thou art constrained to be in some sort troubled and vexed , return unto thyself as soon as may be , and be not out of tune longer than thou must needs .
For so shalt thou be the better able to keep thy part another time , and to maintain the harmony , if thou dost use thyself to this continually ; once out , presently to have recourse unto it , and to begin again .
VI , 9
Μή , εἴ τι αὐτῷ σοὶ δυσ καταπόνητον , τοῦτο ἀν θρώπῳ ἀδύνατον ὑπο λαμ βάνειν , ἀλλ εἴ τι ἀνθρώπῳ δυνατὸν καὶ οἰκεῖον , τοῦτο καὶ σ εαυτῷ ἐφικτὸν νομίζειν .
Do not think that what is hard for you to master is humanly impossible ; but if a thing is humanly possible , consider it to be within your reach .
VI , 19
If any man can convince me and bring home to me that I do not think or act aright , gladly will I change ; for I search after truth , by which man never yet was harmed .
But he is harmed who abideth on still in his deception and ignorance .
Variant translation :
If someone is able to show me that what I think or do is not right , I will happily change , for I seek the truth , by which no one ever was truly harmed .
Harmed is the person who continues in his self - deception and ignorance .
VI , 21
I do what is mine to do ; the rest does n’t disturb me .
( Hays translation )
VI , 22
Death , — a stopping of impressions through the senses , and of the pulling of the cords of motion , and of the ways of thought , and of service to the flesh .
VI , 28
Stir up thy mind , and recall thy wits again from thy natural dreams , and visions , and when thou art perfectly awoken , and canst perceive that they were but dreams that troubled thee , as one newly awakened out of another kind of sleep look upon these worldly things with the same mind as thou didst upon those , that thou sawest in thy sleep .
VI , 29
Ὅρα μὴ ἀποκαι σ αρωθῇς , μὴ βαφῇ ς· γίνεται γάρ.
τήρησον οὖν σ εα υτὸν ἁπλοῦν , ἀγαθόν , ἀκέραιον , σ εμνόν , ἄκομψον , τοῦ δικαίο υ φίλον , θ εο σ εβῆ , ε ὐμενῆ , φιλ ό σ τοργον , ἐρρ ωμένον πρὸ ς τὰ πρέποντα ἔργα .
ἀγώνισαι , ἵνα τοιοῦτο ς σ υ μμείνῃς , οἷόν σε ἠθέλη σε ποιῆσαι φιλο σ οφία .
αἰδοῦ θεούς , σ ῷ ζε ἀν θρώπο υ ς. β ραχὺς ὁ βίο ς· εἷ ς καρπὸ ς τῆς ἐπιγείο υ ζωῆς , διάθε σι ς ὁσία καὶ πράξει ς κοινωνικαί .
Take heed not to be transformed into a Caesar , not to be dipped in the purple dye , for it does happen .
Keep yourself therefore , simple , good , pure , grave , unaffected , the friend of justice , religious , kind , affectionate , strong for your proper work .
Wrestle to be the man philosophy wished to make you .
Reverence the gods , save men .
Life is brief ; there is but one harvest of earthly existence , a holy disposition and neighborly acts .
VI , 30
Reverence the gods , and help men .
Short is life .
VI , 30
I consist of a little body and a soul .
VI , 32
Οἷ ς συ γκεκλήρωσαι π ράγμασι , τούτοι ς σ υνάρμοζε σ εα υτόν , καὶ οἷ ς σ υ νείληχα ς ἀνθρώποις , τούτο υ ς φίλει , ἀλλ ἀληθινῶ ς .
Adapt yourself to the environment in which your lot has been cast , and show true love to the fellow - mortals with whom destiny has surrounded you .
VI , 39
But if we judge only those things which are in our power to be good or bad , there remains no reason either for finding fault with God or standing in a hostile attitude to man .
VI , 41
The only thing that is n’t worthless : to live this life out truthfully and rightly .
And be patient with those who do n’t .
( Hays translation ) VI , 47
What is not good for the swarm is not good for the bee .
VI , 54
How many together with whom I came into the world are already gone out of it .
VI , 56
Book VII [ edit ]
Everywhere and at all times it is in thy power piously to acquiesce in thy present condition , and to behave justly to those who are about thee , and to exert thy skill upon thy present thoughts , that nothing shall steal into them without being well examined .
I can control my thoughts as necessary ; then how can I be troubled ?
( Hays translation ) VII , 2
Understand however that every man is worth just so much as the things are worth about which he busies himself .
VII , 3
How many , once lauded in song , are given over to the forgotten ; and how many who sung their praises are clean gone long ago !
VII , 6
Never let the future disturb you .
You will meet it , if you have to , with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present .
VII , 8 ( Penguin Classics edition of Meditations , translated by Maxwell Staniforth )
Whatever may befall you , it was preordained for you from everlasting .
Πάντα ἀλλήλοι ς ἐπιπέπλεκται καὶ ἡ σ ύνδε σι ς ἱερά , καὶ σ χ εδ όν τι οὐδὲν ἀλλ ότριον ἄλλο ἄλλωι· σ υγκατατέ τακται γὰρ καὶ σ υγκο σ με ῖ τὸν αὐτὸν κόσμον .
κόσμο ς τε γὰρ
εἷ ς ἐξ ἁπάντων κα ὶ θεὸ ς
εἷ ς δι᾽ ἁπάντων καὶ οὐσία μία καὶ νόμο ς
εἷς , λόγο ς κοινὸ ς πάντων τῶν νοερῶν ζώιων , καὶ ἀλήθεια μία , εἴγε καὶ τελει ότη ς μία τῶν ὁμογενῶν καὶ τοῦ αὐτοῦ λόγο υ
μετεχόντων ζώιων .
All things are implicated with one another , and the bond is holy ; and there is hardly anything unconnected with any other things .
For things have been co-ordinated , and they combine to make up the same universe .
For there is one universe made up of all things , and one god who pervades all things , and one substance , and one law , and one reason .
VII , 9
To a rational being it is the same thing to act according to nature and according to reason .
VII , 11
Be thou erect , or be made erect .
VII , 12
It does n’t hurt me unless I interpret its happening as harmful to me .
I can choose not to .
( Hays translation ) VII , 14
No matter what anyone says or does , my task is to be good .
( Hays translation ) VII , 15
An angry countenance is much against nature , and it is oftentimes the proper countenance of them that are at the point of death .
But were it so , that all anger and passion were so thoroughly quenched in thee , that it were altogether impossible to kindle it any more , yet herein must not thou rest satisfied , but further endeavour by good consequence of true ratiocination , perfectly to conceive and understand , that all anger and passion is against reason .
VII , 18
Is any man afraid of change ?
Why what can take place without change ?
VII , 18
Ἐγγὺ ς μὲν ἡ σὴ π ερὶ πάντων λήθη , ἐγγὺ ς δὲ ἡ πάντ ων περὶ σοῦ λήθη .
Soon you will have forgotten the world , and soon the world will have forgotten you .
VII , 21
Ἴδιον ἀν θρώπου φιλεῖν καὶ τοὺς πταίοντα ς .
It is man 's peculiar duty to love even those who wrong him .
VII , 22
Nature which governs the whole will soon change all things which thou seest , and out of there substance will make other things , and again other things from the substance of them , in order that the world may ever be new .
VII , 25 ( See also Charles Darwin )
Think not so much of what thou hast not as of what thou hast : but of the things which thou hast , select the best , and then reflect how eagerly they would have been sought , if thou hadst them not .
At the same time , however , take care that thou dost not , through being so pleased with them , accustom thyself to overvalue them , so as to be disturbed if ever thou shouldst not have them .
Variant Translation :
Let not thy mind run on what thou lackest as much as on what thou hast already .
VII , 27
Retire into thyself .
The rational principle which rules has this nature , that it is content with itself when it does what is just , and so secures tranquility .
VII , 28
which rules has this nature , that it
Wipe out the imagination .
Stop pulling the strings .
Confine thyself to the present .
... Divide and distribute every object into the causal [ formal ] and the material .
...
Let the wrong which is done by a man stay there where the wrong was done .
VII , 29
Direct thy attention to what is said .
Let thy understanding enter into the things that are doing and the things which do them .
VII , 30
Adorn thyself with simplicity and with indifference towards the things which lie between virtue and vice .
Love mankind .
Follow God .
The poet says that Law rules all .
And it is enough to remember that law rules all .
VII , 31
and with indifference towards the things which lie between virtue and vice .
Love mankind .
Follow God .
The poet says that Law rules all .
And it is enough to remember that law rules all .
About fame ...
Just as the sand - dunes , heaped one upon another , hide each the first , so in life the former deeds are quickly hidden by those that follow after .
VII , 34
From Plato : the man who has an elevated mind and takes a view of all time and of all substance , dost thou suppose it possible for him to think that human life is anything great ?
It is not possible , he said .
Such a man then will think that death also is no evil .
VII , 35
It is not possible , he said .
From Antisthenes :
It is royal to do good and be abused .
VII , 36
It is a base thing for the countenance to be obedient and to regulate and compose itself as the mind commands , and for the mind not to be regulated and composed by itself .
VII , 37
It is not right to vex ourselves at things , For they care not about it .
VII , 38
If the gods care not for me and for my children , There is a reason for it .
VII , 41
For thus it is , men of Athens , in truth : wherever a man has placed himself thinking it is the best place for him , or has been placed by a commander , there in my opinion he ought to stay and to abide the hazard , taking nothing into the reckoning , either death or anything else , before the baseness [ of deserting his post ] .
VII , 45
Look round at the courses of the stars , as if thou wert going along with them ; and constantly consider the changes of the elements into one another ; for such thoughts purge away the filth of the terrene life .
VII , 47
This is a fine saying of Plato :
That he who is discoursing about men should look also at earthly things as if he viewed them from some higher place ; should look at them ... a mixture of all things and an orderly combination of contraries .
VII , 48
; should
Thou mayest foresee ... the things which will be .
For they will certainly be of like form , and it is not possible that they should deviate from the order of things now : accordingly to have contemplated human life for forty years is the same as to have contemplated it for ten thousand years .
VII , 49
, and it is not possible that they should deviate from the order of things now :
That which had grown from the earth , to the earth , But that which has sprung from heavenly seed , Back to the heavenly realms returns .
This is either a dissolution of the mutual involution of the atoms , or a similar dispersion of the unsentient elements .
VII , 50
returns .
This is either a dissolution of the mutual involution of the atoms , or a similar dispersion of the unsentient elements .
Another may be more expert in casting [ throwing ] his opponent ; but he is not more social , nor more modest , nor better disciplined to meet all that happens , nor more considerate with respect to the faults of his neighbors .
VII , 52
[ throwing ]
Where any work can be done conformably to the reason which is common to gods and men , there we have nothing to fear ; for where we are able to get profit by means of the activity which is successful and proceeds according to our constitution , there no harm is to be suspected .
VII , 53
; for where we are able to get profit by means of the activity which is successful and proceeds according to our constitution , there
Everywhere and at all times it is in thy power piously to acquiesce in thy present condition , and to behave justly to those who are about thee , and to exert thy skill upon thy present thoughts , that nothing shall steal into them without being well examined .
VII , 54
Every being ought to do that which is according to its constitution ; and all other things have been constituted for the sake of the superior , but the rational for the sake of one another .
VII , 55
Consider thyself to be dead , and to have completed thy life up to the present time ; and live according to nature the remainder which is allowed thee .
VII , 56
, and to have completed thy life up to the present time ; according to nature
Love that only which happens to thee and is spun with the thread of thy destiny .
For what is more suitable ?
VII , 57
only and is spun with the thread of thy destiny .
For
Why then dost thou choose to act in the same way ?
and why dost thou not leave these agitations which are foreign to nature , to those who cause them and those who are moved by them ?
And why art thou not altogether intent upon the right way of making use of things which happen to thee ?
for then thou wilt use them well , and they will be material for thee .
Only attend to thyself , and resolve to be a good man in every act which thou doest ; and remember ...
VII , 58
? for then thou wilt Only attend to thyself , and resolve to be a good man in every act which thou doest ; and remember ...
Look within .
Within is the fountain of the good , and it will ever bubble up , if thou wilt ever dig .
VII , 59
The art of life is more like the wrestler 's art than the dancer 's , in respect of this , that it should stand ready and firm to meet onsets which are sudden and unexpected .
VII , 61
Every soul , the philosopher says , is involuntarily deprived of truth ; consequently in the same way it is deprived of justice and temperance and benevolence and everything of the kind .
It is most necessary to keep this in mind , for thus thou wilt be more gentle towards all .
VII , 63
, the philosopher says , in the same way it is deprived and and everything of the kind .
It is most necessary to
In the case of most pains let this remark of Epicurus aid thee , that the pain is neither intolerable nor everlasting , if thou bear in mind that it has its limits , and if thou addest nothing to it in imagination ...
VII , 64
Very little is needed to make a happy life .
ἐν ὀλιγίστοι ς κεῖται τὸ εὐδα ιμόνω ς βιῶσαι VII , 67
To live each day as though one 's last , never flustered , never apathetic , never attitudinizing – here is perfection of character .
VII , 69
It ’s silly to try to escape other people ’s faults .
They are inescapable .
Just try to escape your own .
( Hays translation ) VII , 71
The nature of the All moved to make the universe .
VII , 75
Book VIII [ edit ]
A wrongdoer is often a man who has left something undone , not always one who has done something .
On the occasion of every act ask thyself , How is this with respect to me ?
Shall I repent of it ?
A little time and I am dead , and all is gone .
VIII , 2
You may break your heart , but men will still go on as before .
Ὅτι οὐδὲν ἧττον τὰ αὐτὰ ποιήσ ουσι , κἂν σὺ δια ρραγῇ ς .
VIII , 4
Constantly and , if it be possible , on the occasion of every impression on the soul , apply to it the principles of Physic , of Ethic , and of Dialectic .
VIII , 13
To change your mind and to follow him who sets you right is to be nonetheless the free agent that you were before .
Remember that to change thy opinion and to follow him who corrects thy error is as consistent with freedom as it is to persist in thy error .
( Long translation ) VIII , 16
Nature has had regard in everything no less to the end than to the beginning and the continuance , just like a man who throws up a ball .
What good is it then for the ball to be thrown up , or harm for it to come down ... what good is it to the bubble while it holds together , or what harm when it is burst ?
VIII , 20
Short - lived are both the praiser and the praised , and rememberer and the remembered : and all this in a nook of this part of the world ; and not even here do all agree , no , not any one with himself : and the whole earth too is a point .
VIII , 21
: and all this in a nook of this part of the world ; and not even here do all agree , no , not any one with himself :
Look to the essence of a thing , whether it be a point of doctrine , of practice , or of interpretation .
Πρ ό σεχε τῷ ὑποκε ι μένῳ ἢ τῇ ἐνεργείᾳ ἢ τῷ δόγματι ἢ τῷ σ ημαινομένῳ .
VIII , 22
Thou sufferest justly : for thou choosest rather to become good to - morrow than to be good to - day .
VIII , 22
Remember this , then , that this little compound , thyself , must either be dissolved , or thy poor breath must be extinguished , or be removed and placed elsewhere .
VIII , 25
Where have they gone , the brilliant , the insightful ones , the proud ?
( Hays translation ) VIII , 25
It is satisfaction to a man to do the proper works of a man .
VIII , 26
There are three relations [ between thee and other things ] : the one to the body which surrounds thee ; the second to the divine cause from which all things come to all ; and the third to those who live with thee .
VIII , 27
the one ; the second from which all things come to all ; the third
To accept it without arrogance , to let it go with indifference .
( Hays translation ) VIII , 33
Suppose that thou hast detached thyself from the natural unity .
.. yet here there is this beautiful provision , that it is in thy power again to unite thyself .
God has allowed this to no other part , after it has been separated and cut asunder , to come together again .
... he has distinguished man , for he has put it in his power not to be separated at all from the universal ... he has allowed him to be returned and to be united and to resume his place as a part .
VIII , 34
.. yet here there is this beautiful provision , that , after it has been separated and cut asunder , to come together again .
... he has distinguished man , for he has put it in his power not to be separated at all from the universal ... he has allowed him to be returned and to be united and to resume his place as a part .
As the nature of the universal has given to every rational being all the powers that it has , so we have received from it this power also .
For as the universal nature converts and fixes in its predestined place everything which stands in the way and opposes it , and makes such things a part of itself , so also the rational animal is able to make every hindrance its own material , and to use it for such purpose as it may have designed .
VIII , 35
and fixes in its predestined place , and to use it for such purpose as it may have designed .
Remember that neither the future nor the past pains thee , but only the present .
But this is reduced to a very little , if thou only circumscribest it , and chidest thy mind , if it is unable to hold out against even this .
VIII , 36
But this is reduced to a very little , if thou only circumscribest it , and chidest thy mind , if it is unable to hold out against even this .
If thou canst see sharp , look and judge wisely , says the philosopher .
VIII , 38
In the constitution of that rational animal I see no virtue which is opposed to justice , but I see a virtue which is opposed to love of pleasure , and that is temperance .
VIII , 39
The things ... which are proper to the understanding no other man is used to impede , for neither fire , nor iron , nor tyrant , nor abuse , touches it in any way .
When it has been made a sphere , it continues a sphere .
VIII , 41
, for neither fire , nor iron , nor tyrant , nor abuse , touches it in any way .
It is not fit that I should give myself pain , for I have never intentionally given pain even to another .
VIII , 42
If ... it be a thing external that causes thy grief , know , that it is not that properly that doth cause it , but thine own conceit and opinion concerning the thing : which thou mayest rid thyself of , when thou wilt .
VIII , 45
External things are not the problem .
It ’s your assessment of them .
Which you can erase right now .
( Hays translation ) VIII , 47
The mind which is free from passions is a citadel , for man has nothing more secure to which he can fly for refuge and for the future be inexpugnable .
He then who has not seen this is an ignorant man : but he who has seen it and does not fly to this refuge is unhappy .
VIII , 48
He then who has not seen this is an ignorant man : but he who has seen it and does not fly to this refuge is unhappy .
The universal nature has no external space ; but the wondrous part of her art is that though she has circumscribed herself , everything which is within her which appears to decay and to grow old and to be useless she changes into herself , and again makes other new things from these very same , so that she requires neither substance from without nor wants a place into which she may cast that which decays .
She is content then with her own space , and her own matter , and her own art .
VIII , 50
; but the wondrous part of her art is that though , so that she requires neither substance from without nor wants a place into which she may cast that which decays .
The cucumber is bitter ?
Then throw it out .
There are brambles in the path ?
Then go around them .
That ’s all you need to know .
( Hays translation ) VIII , 50
No carelessness in your actions .
No confusion in your words .
No imprecision in your thoughts .
( Hays translation )
Be not careless in deeds , nor confused in words , nor rambling in thought .
VIII , 51
A man standing by a spring of clear , sweet water and cursing it .
While the fresh water keeps on bubbling up .
He can shovel mud into it , or dung , and the stream will carry it away , wash itself clean , remain unstained .
( Hays translation ) Suppose that men kill thee , cut thee in pieces , curse thee .
What then can these things do to prevent thy mind from remaining pure , wise , sober , just ?
For instance , if a man should stand by a limpid pure spring , and curse it , the spring never ceases sending up potable water ; and if he should cast clay into it or filth , it will speedily disperse them and wash them out , and will not be at all polluted .
How then shalt thou possess a perpetual fountain ?
By forming thyself hourly to freedom conjoined with contentment , simplicity and modesty .
VIII , 51
He who does not know what the world is , does not know where he is .
And he who does not know for what purpose the world exists , does not know who he is , nor what the world is .
But he who has failed in any one of these things could not even say for what purpose he exists himself .
What then dost thou think of him who [ avoids or ] seeks the praise of those who applaud , of men who know not either where they are or who they are ?
He that knows not what the world is , knows not where he is himself .
He that knows not for what he was made , knows not what he is nor what the world is .
VIII , 52
then [ avoids or ]
You want praise from people who kick themselves every fifteen minutes , the approval of people who despise themselves .
( Is it a sign of self - respect to regret nearly everything you do ? )
( Hays translation ) VIII , 53
No longer let thy breathing only act in concert with the air which surrounds thee , but let thy intelligence also now be in harmony with the intelligence which embraces all things .
For the intelligent power is no less diffused in all parts and pervades all things for him who is willing to draw it to him than the aërial power for him who is able to respire it .
VIII , 54
also now
For the intelligent power is no less diffused in all parts and pervades all things for him who is willing to draw it to him than the aërial power for him who is able to respire it .
He who fears death either fears to lose all sensation or fears new sensations .
In reality , you will either feel nothing at all , and therefore nothing evil , or else , if you can feel any sensations , you will be a new creature , and so will not have ceased to have life .
VIII , 58
Men exist for the sake of one another .
Teach them then or bear with them .
( Long translation )
All men are made one for another : either then teach them better , or bear with them .
( trans . Meric Casaubon ) .
Οἱ ἄνθρωποι γ εγ όνα σιν ἀλλήλων ἕνεκεν· ἢ δίδα σ κε οὖν ἢ φέρε .
VIII , 59
( Long translation )
An arrow has one motion and the mind another .
Even when pausing , even when weighing conclusions , the mind is moving forward , toward its goal .
( Hays translation ) VIII , 60
Book IX [ edit ]
The nature of the universe is the nature of things that are .
Now , things that are have kinship with things that are from the beginning .
Further , this nature is styled Truth ; and it is the first cause of all that is true .
IX , 1
He would be the finer gentleman that should leave the world without having tasted of lying or pretence of any sort , or of wantonness or conceit .
IX , 2
Think not disdainfully of death , but look on it with favor ; for even death is one of the things that Nature wills .
IX , 3
A wrongdoer is often a man who has left something undone , not always one who has done something .
Ἀδικεῖ πολλάκι ς ὁ μὴ ποιῶν τι , οὐ μόνον ὁ ποιῶν τι .
IX , 5
And you can also commit injustice by doing nothing .
( Hays translation ) IX , 5
Objective judgment , now , at this very moment .
Unselfish action , now , at this very moment .
Willing acceptance — now , at this very moment — of all external events .
That ’s all you need .
( Hays translation ) IX , 6
Blot out vain pomp ; check impulse ; quench appetite ; keep reason under its own control .
IX , 7
Things that have a common quality ever quickly seek their kind .
IX , 9
Today I escaped from anxiety .
Or no , I discarded it , because it was within me , in my own
perceptions — not outside .
( Hays translation )
IX , 13
All things are the same , — familiar in enterprise , momentary in endurance , coarse in substance .
All things now are as they were in the day of those whom we have buried .
IX , 14
The happiness and unhappiness of the rational , social animal depends not on what he feels but on what he does ; just as his virtue and vice consist not in feeling but in doing .
IX , 16
All things are changing ; and thou thyself art in continuous mutation and in a manner in continuous destruction and the whole universe to .
IX , 19
Turn thy thoughts now to the consideration of thy life , thy life as a child , as a youth , thy manhood , thy old age , for in these also every change was a death .
Is this anything to fear ?
IX , 21
Hasten [ to examine ] thy own ruling faculty and that of the universe and that of thy neighbor : thy own , that thy may make it just ; and that of the universe , that thou mayst remember of what thou art a part ; and that of thy neighbor , that thy mayst know whether he has acted ignorantly or with knowledge , and that thou mayst also consider that his ruling faculty is akin to thine .
IX , 22
As thou thyself art a component part of a social system , so let every act of thine be a component part of social life .
Whatever act of thine that has no reference , either immediately or remotely , to a social end , this tears asunder thy life , and does not allow it to be one , and it is of the nature of a mutiny , just as when in a popular assembly a man acting by himself stands apart from the general agreement .
IX , 23
, either immediately or remotely , tears asunder thy life , and does not allow it to be one , and it , just as when in a popular assembly a man acting by himself stands apart from the general agreement .
The universal intelligence puts itself in motion for every separate effect ... or it puts itself in motion once , and everything else comes by way of a sequence in a manner ; or individual elements are the origin of all things .
In a word , if there is a god , all is well ; and if chance rules , do not thou be governed by it .
IX , 28
.
If man reflects on the changes and transformations which follow one another like wave after wave and their rapidity , he will despise everything which is perishable .
IX , 28
Do what nature now requires .
Set thyself in motion , if it is in thy power , and do not look about thee to see if any one will observe it ; nor yet expect Plato 's Republic : but be content if the smallest thing goes on well , and consider such an event to be no small matter .
Forward , as occasion offers .
Never look round to see whether any shall note it ….
Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter , and think that even such a result is no trifle .
IX , 29
Let there be freedom from perturbations with respect to the things which come from the external cause ; and let there be justice in the things done by virtue of the internal cause , that is , let there be movement and action terminating in this , in social acts , for this is according to thy nature .
IX , 31
, that is , let there be movement and action this , in , for this is according to thy nature .
He that dies in extreme old age will be reduced to the same state with him that is cut down untimely .
IX , 33
The rottenness of the matter which is the foundation of everything !
IX , 36
Either all things proceed from one intelligent source and come together as in one body , and the part ought not to find fault with what is done for the benefit of the whole ; or there are only atoms , and nothing else than a mixture and dispersion .
Why , then , art thou disturbed ?
Say to this ruling faculty ,
Art thou dead , art thou corrupted , art thou playing the hypocrite , art thou become a beast , dost thou herd and feed with the rest ?
IX , 39
Why dost thou not pray ... to give thee the faculty of not fearing any of the things which thou fearest , or of not desiring any of the things which thou desirest , or not being pained at anything , rather than pray that any of these things should not happen or happen ?
IX , 40
, or not being pained at anything ,
Is it not better to use what is in thy power like a free man than to desire in a slavish and abject way what is not in thy power ?
IX , 40
like a free man in a slavish and abject way
One man prays thus :
How shall I be able to lie with that woman ?
Do thou pray thus :
How shall I not desire to lie with her ?
Another prays :
How shall I be released from this ?
Another prays :
How shall I not desire to be released ?
Another thus :
How shall I not lose my little son ?
Thou thus :
How shall I not be afraid to lose him ?
In fine , turn thy prayers this way , and see what comes .
IX , 40
Art thy not content that thou hast done something conformable to thy nature , and dost thou seek to be paid for it ?
Just as if the eye demanded recompense for seeing , or the feet for walking .
For as these members are formed for a particular purpose ... so also is man formed by nature to acts of benevolence .
IX , 42
Yes , boorish people do boorish things .
What ’s strange or unheard - of about that ?
Is n’t it yourself you should reproach — for not anticipating that they ’d act this way ?
( Hays translation ) IX , 42
Book X [ edit ]
Wilt thou then , my soul , never be good and simple and one and naked , more manifest than the body which surrounds thee ?
Wilt thou never enjoy an affectionate and contented disposition ?
Wilt thou never be full and without a want of any kind , longing for nothing more , nor desiring anything , either animate of inanimate , for the enjoyment of pleasures ?
nor yet desiring time wherein thou shalt have longer enjoyment , or place , or pleasant climate , or society of men with whom thou mayst live in harmony ?
but wilt thou be satisfied with thy present condition , and pleased with all that is around thee , and wilt thou convince thyself that thou hast everything and that it comes from the gods , that everything is well for thee , and will be well whatever shall please them , and whatever they shall give for the conservation of the perfect living being , the good and just and beautiful , which generates and holds together all things , and contains and embraces all things which are dissolved for the production of other like things ?
Wilt thou never be such that thou shalt so dwell in community with gods and men as neither to find fault with them at all , nor to be condemned by them ?
X , 1
Use these rules then , and trouble thyself about nothing else .
X , 2
Everything that happens is either endurable or not .
If it ’s endurable , then endure it .
Stop complaining .
If it ’s unendurable . . . then stop complaining .
Your destruction will mean its end as well .
( Hays translation ) X , 3
If a man is mistaken , instruct him kindly and show him his error .
But if thou art not able , blame thyself , or blame not even thyself .
X , 4
Whatever may happen to thee , it was prepared for thee from all eternity ; and the implication of causes was from eternity spinning the thread of thy being , and of that which is incident to it .
Alternate Translation :
Whatever may befall you , it was preordained for you from everlasting .
X , 5
The whole contains nothing which is not or its advantage ; and all natures indeed have this common principle , but the nature of the universe has this principle besides , that it cannot be compelled even by any external cause to generate anything harmful to itself .
X , 6
By remembering then that I am a part of such a whole , I shall be content with everything that happens .
And inasmuch as I am in a manner intimately related to the parts which are of the same kind with myself , I shall do nothing unsocial , but I shall rather direct myself to the things which are of the same kind with myself , and I shall turn all my efforts to the common interest , and divert them from the contrary .
X , 6
then , I shall be content with everything that happens . , but I shall rather direct myself to the things which are of the same kind with myself , , and divert them from the contrary .
Remember that the term Rational was intended to signify a discriminating attention to every several thing and freedom from negligence ; and that Equanimity is the voluntary acceptance of things which are assigned to thee by the common nature ; and the Magnanimity is the elevation of the intelligent part above the pleasurable or painful sensations of the flesh , and above that poor thing called fame , and death , and all such things .
If then , thou maintainest thyself in the possession of these names , without desiring to be called by these names by others , thou wilt be another person and wilt enter into another life .
X , 8
several ; and that Equanimity is the ; and the Magnanimity is the of the flesh , and that poor thing called then , , without desiring to be called by these names by others ,
Rememberest the gods , and that they wish not to be flattered , but wish all reasonable beings to be made like themselves ; and ... rememberest that what does the work of a fig - tree is a fig - tree , and that what does the work of a dog is a dog , and that what does the work of a bee is a bee , and that what does the work of a man is a man .
X , 8
, and that they wish not to be flattered , but ; and ... rememberest that what does the work of a fig - tree is a fig - tree , and that what does the work of a dog is a dog , and that what does the work of a bee is a bee , and that what does the work of a man is a man .
Acquire the contemplative way of seeing how all things change into one another , and constantly attend to it , and exercise thyself about this part [ of philosophy ] .
For nothing is so much adapted to produce magnanimity .
... But as to what any man shall say or think about him , or do against him , he never even thinks of it , being himself contented with these two things : with acting justly in what he now does , and being satisfied with what is now assigned to him ; and he lays aside all distracting and busy pursuits , and desires nothing else than to accomplish the straight course through the law , and by accomplishing the straight course to follow God.
X , 11
, and constantly attend to it , and exercise thyself about this part [ of philosophy ] .
... But as to what any man shall say or think about him , or do against him , he never even thinks of it , himself with in what he now does , ; and lays aside all distracting and busy pursuits , and by accomplishing the straight course
What need is there of suspicious fear , since it is in thy power to inquire what ought to be done ?
And if thy seest clear , go by this way content , without turning back : but if thy dost not see clear , stop and take the best advisers .
But if any other things oppose thee , go on according to thy powers with due consideration , keeping to that which appears to be just .
For it is best to reach this object , and if thou dost fail , let thy failure be in attempting this .
He who follows reason in all things is both tranquil and active at the same time , and also cheerful and collected .
X , 12
, since it is in thy power to inquire what ought to be done ?
And if thy seest clear , go by this way content , without turning back : but if thy dost not see clear , stop and take the best advisers .
But if any other things oppose thee , go on according to thy powers with due consideration , keeping to that which appears to be just .
For it is best to reach this object , and if thou dost fail , let thy failure be in attempting this .
To her who gives and takes back all , to nature , the man who is instructed and modest says , Give what thou wilt ; take back what thou wilt .
And he says this not proudly , but obediently and well pleased with her .
X , 14
.
And he says this not proudly , but
Live as on a mountain .
... Let men see , let them know a real man who lives according to nature .
If they cannot endure him , let them kill him .
For that is better than to live thus .
X , 15
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be .
Be one .
Μηκέθ᾽ ὅλω ς περὶ τοῦ οἷόν τινα εἶναι τὸν ἀγαθὸν ἄνδρα δια λέ γεσθαι , ἀλλὰ εἶναι τοιοῦτον .
X , 16
Constantly contemplate the whole of time and the whole of substance , and consider that all individual things as to substance are a grain of a fig , and as to time the turning of a gimlet .
X , 17
, and consider that all individual things as to substance are a grain of a fig , and as to time the turning of a gimlet .
Look at everything that exists , and observe that it is already in dissolution and change , and as it were putrefaction or dispersion , or that everything is so constituted in nature as to die .
X , 18
, and observe that , and as it were putrefaction or dispersion , that everything is
" Earth loves the rain , the proud sky loves to give it . "
The whole world loves to create futurity .
I say then to the world , " I share your love . "
Is this not the source of the phrase , " This loves to happen " ?
῾ Ἐρᾷ μὲν ὄμβρο υ γαῖα , ἐρᾷ δὲ ὁ σ εμνὸ ς αἰθήρ , ᾿ ἐρᾷ δὲ ὁ κόσμο ς ποιῆσαι ὃ ἂν μέλλῃ γίνε σ θαι.
λέγω οὖν τῷ κόσμῳ ὅτι σοὶ σ υνε ρῶ. μήτι δὲ οὕτω κἀκεῖνο λέγεται , ὅτι : φιλεῖ τοῦτο γίνε σθαι ;
( The last phrase is quoted in J.D. Salinger 's Franny and Zooey as " It loved to happen " ; the tense is ambiguous in Greek . )
X , 21
῾ Ἐρᾷ μὲν ὄμβρο υ γαῖα , ἐρᾷ δὲ ὁ σ εμνὸ ς αἰθήρ , ᾿ ἐρᾷ δὲ ὁ κόσμο ς ποιῆσαι ὃ ἂν μέλλῃ γίνε σ θαι.
λέγω οὖν τῷ κόσμῳ ὅτι σοὶ σ υνε ρῶ. μήτι δὲ οὕτω κἀκεῖνο λέγεται , ὅτι : φιλεῖ τοῦτο γίνε σθαι ;
( The last phrase is quoted in J.D. Salinger 's Franny and Zooey as " It loved to happen " ; the tense is ambiguous in Greek . )
Let this always be plain to thee , that this piece of land is like any other ; and that all things here are the same with all things on the top of a mountain , or on the sea - shore , or wherever thou chooses to be .
For thou wilt find just what Plato says , Dwelling within the walls of the city as in a shepherd 's fold on a mountain .
X , 23
For thou wilt find just what Plato says , Dwelling within the walls of the city as in a shepherd 's fold on a mountain .
What is my ruling faculty now to me ?
and of what nature am I now making it ?
and for what purpose am I now using it ? is it void of understanding ?
is it loosed and rent asunder from social life ?
is it melted and mixed with the poor flesh so as to move together with it ?
X , 24
and and is it void of understanding ?
is it loosed and rent asunder from social life ?
is it melted and mixed with the poor flesh so as to move together with it ?
He who flies from his master is a runaway ; but the law is master , and he who breaks the law is a runaway .
And he also who is grieved or angry or afraid , is dissatisfied because something has been or is or shall be of the things which are appointed by Him who rules all things , and He is Law , and assigns to every man what is fit .
He then who fears or is grieved or is angry is a runaway .
X , 25
, and he who breaks the law is a runaway .
And he also who is grieved or angry or afraid , is dissatisfied because something has been or is or shall be of the which
All those [ events in history ] were such dramas as we see now , only with different actors .
X , 27
[ events in history ]
Only to the rational animal is it given to follow voluntarily what happens ; but simply to follow is a necessity imposed on all .
X , 28
what happens ; but
When thou art offended at any man 's fault , forthwith turn to thyself and reflect in what manner thou doest error thyself ...
For by attending to this thou wilt quickly forget thy anger , if this consideration is also added , that the man is compelled ; for what else could he do ?
or , if thou art able , take away from him the compulsion .
X , 30
by attending to this thou wilt quickly forget thy anger , if this consideration is also added , that the ; for what else could he do ?
or ,
Continuously thou wilt look at human things as smoke and nothing at all ; especially if thou reflectest at the same time , that what has once changed will never exist again in the infinite duration of time .
But thou , in what a brief space of time is thy existence ?
And why art thou not content to pass through this short time in an orderly way ?
X , 31
; especially if thou reflectest at the same time , that what has once changed will never exist again in the infinite duration of time .
But thou , in what a brief space of time is thy existence ?
What matter and opportunity [ for thy activity ] art thou avoiding ?
For what else are all these things , except exercises for the reason , when it has viewed carefully and by examination into their nature the things which happen in life ?
Persevere then until thou shalt have made these things thy own , as the stomach which is strengthened makes all things its own , as the blazing fire makes flame and brightness out of everything that is thrown into it .
X , 31
, when it has viewed carefully and by examination into their nature the things which happen in life ? , as the stomach which is strengthened makes all things its own ,
To live your brief life rightly , is n’t that enough ?
( Hays translation ) X , 31
Let it not be in any man 's power to say truly of thee that thou art not simple or that thou art not good ; but let him be a liar whoever shall think anything of this kind about thee ; and this is altogether in thy power .
X , 32
It is not given to a cylinder to move everywhere by its own motion , nor yet to water nor to fire nor to anything else which is governed by nature or an irrational soul , for the things which check them and stand in the way are many .
But intelligence and reason are able to go through everything that opposes them , and in such manner as they are formed by nature and as they choose .
Place before thy eyes this facility with which the reason will be carried through all things , as fire upwards , as a stone downwards , as a cylinder down an inclined surface , and seek for nothing further .
For all other obstacles either affect the body only , which is a dead thing ; or , except for opinion and the yielding of reason itself , they do not crush nor do any harm of any kind ; for if they did , he who felt it would immediately become bad .
X , 33
nor yet to water nor to fire , for the things which check them and stand in the way are many . , and in such manner as they are formed by nature and as they choose .
Place before thy eyes this facility with which the reason will be carried through all things , , and other ; for if they did , he who felt it would immediately become bad .
In the case of all things which have a certain constitution , whatever harm may happen to any of them , that which is affected becomes consequently worse ; but in like case , a man becomes both better ... and more worthy of praise , by making the right use of these accidents .
X , 33
may happen to any of them , that which
And finally remember that nothing harms him who is really a citizen , which does not harm the state ; nor yet does anything harm the state which does not harm law [ order ] ; and of these things which are called misfortunes not one harms law .
What then does not harm law does not harm either state or citizen .
X , 33
" Leaves , some the wind scatters on the ground — So is the race of man . "
Leaves , also , are thy children ; and leaves , too , are they who cry out so if they are worthy of credit , or bestow their praise , or on the contrary curse , or secretly blame and sneer ; and leaves , in like manner , are those who shall receive and transmit a man 's fame to after - times .
For all such things as these " are produced in the season of spring , " as the poet says ; then the wind casts them down ; then the forest produces other leaves in their places .
But a brief existence is common to all things , and yet thou avoidest and pursuest all things as if they would be eternal .
X , 34
, also , are thy children ; and leaves , too , on the contrary leaves , in like manner , are as the poet says ;
But a brief existence is common to all things ,
A little time , and thou shalt close thy eyes ; and him who has attended thee to thy grave , another soon will lament .
X , 34
The healthy eye ought to see all visible things and not to say , I wish for green things ; for this is the condition of the diseased eye .
And the healthy hearing and smelling ought to be ready to perceive all that can be heard and smelled .
And the healthy stomach ought to be with respect to all food just as the mill with respect to all things which it is formed to grind .
And accordingly the healthy understanding ought to be prepared for everything which happens ; but that which says , Let my dear children live , and let all men praise whatever I may do , is an eye which seeks for green things , or teeth which seek for soft things .
X , 35
with respect to all food just ; but that which says , Let my dear children live , and let all men praise whatever I may do , is an eye which seeks for green things , or teeth which seek for soft things .
There is no man so fortunate that there shall not be by him when he is dying some who are pleased with what is going to happen .
Suppose that he was a good and a wise man , will there not be at least some one to say to himself , Let us at last breathe freely , being relieved from this schoolmaster ?
It is true that he was harsh to none of us , but I perceive that he tacitly condemns us .
— This is what is said of a good man .
But in our own case how many other things are there for which there are many who wish to get rid of us .
X , 36
Suppose that he was a good and a wise man , will there not be at least some one to say to himself , Let us at last breathe freely , being relieved from this schoolmaster ?
It is true that he was harsh to none of us , but I perceive that he tacitly condemns us .
— This is what is said of a good man .
But in our own case how many other things are there for which there are many who wish to get rid of us .
Learn to ask of all actions , “ Why are they doing that ? ” Starting with your own .
( Hays translation ) X , 37
Remember that what pulls the strings is the force hidden within ; there lies the power to persuade , there the life , — there , if one must speak out , the real man .
X , 38
to persuade , there , — there , if one must speak out ,
In contemplating thyself never include the vessel which surrounds thee , and these instruments which are attached about it .
For they are like an ax , differing only in this , that they grow to the body .
For indeed there is no more use in these parts without the cause which moves and checks them than in the weaver 's shuttle , and the writer 's pen , and the driver 's whip .
X , 38
which surrounds thee , about it .
this , For indeed
Book XI [ edit ]
Have I done something for the general interest ?
Well then I have had my reward .
Let this always be present to thy mind , and never stop doing such good .
XI , 4
Everything harmonizes with me , which is harmonious to thee , O Universe .
Nothing for me is too early or too late , which is in due time for thee
Rememberest the gods , and that they wish not to be flattered , but wish all reasonable beings to be made like themselves
There is no nature which is inferior to art , the arts imitate the nature of things .
XI , 10
Someone despises me .
That ’s their problem .
Mine : not to do or say anything despicable .
Someone hates me .
Their problem .
Mine : to be patient and cheerful with everyone , including them .
( Hays translation ) XI , 13
The man who is honest and good ought to be exactly like a man who smells strong , so that the bystander as soon as he comes near him must smell whether he choose or not .
XI , 15
A straightforward , honest person should be like someone who stinks : when you ’re in the same room
with him , you know it .
( Hays translation )
XI , 15
How much more damage anger and grief do than the things that cause them .
( Hays translation ) XI , 18
Pain is the opposite of strength , and so is anger .
( Hays translation ) XI , 18
That to expect bad people not to injure others is crazy .
It ’s to ask the impossible .
And to let them behave like that to other people but expect them to exempt you is arrogant — the act of a tyrant .
( Hays translation ) XI , 18
“ If you do n’t have a consistent goal in life , you ca n’t live it in a consistent way . ”
( Hays translation ) XI , 21
Socrates used to call the opinions of the many by the name of Lamiae , bugbears to frighten children .
XI , 23
And virtue they will curse , speaking harsh words .
XI , 32
“ No thefts of free will reported . ” ( Hays translation ) XI , 36
Book XII [ edit ]
All those things at which thou wishest to arrive by a circuitous road , thou canst have now , if thou dost not refuse them to thyself .
XII , 1
... that to expect a bad person not to harm others is like expecting fig trees not to secrete juice , babies
not to cry , horses not to neigh — the inevitable not to happen .
( Hays translation )
XII , 16
If it is not right , do not do it , if it is not true , do not say it .
For let thy efforts be — XII , 17
For let thy efforts be —
Consider that everything is opinion , and opinion is in thy power .
Take away then , when thou choosest , thy opinion , and like a mariner , who has doubled the promontory , thou wilt find calm , everything stable , and a waveless bay .
XII , 22
Know the joy of life by piling good deed on good deed until no rift or cranny appears between them .
τί λοιπὸν ἢ ἀπολαύειν τοῦ ζῆν σ υνάπτοντα ἄλλο ἐπ ἄλλῳ ἀγαθόν , ὥστε μηδὲ τὸ βραχύτατον διά στημα ἀπολείπειν ; XII , 29
Everything harmonizes with me , which is harmonious to thee , O Universe .
Nothing for me is too early or too late , which is in due time for thee .
There is one light of the sun , though it is interrupted by walls , mountains and infinite other things .
There is one common substance , though it is distributed among countless bodies which have their several qualities .
There is one soul , though it is distributed among several natures and individual limitations .
There is one intelligent soul , though it seems to be divided .
XII , 30
There is one light of the sun , though it is interrupted by walls , mountains and infinite other things .
There is one common substance , though it is distributed among countless bodies which have their several qualities .
Depart then satisfied , for he also who releases thee is satisfied .
XII , 36
Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations , 10th ed. ( 1919 ) [ edit ]
Quotes reported in Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations , 10th ed. ( 1919 ) .
Find time still to be learning somewhat good , and give up being desultory .
Meditations . ii .
7 .
Be not as one that hath ten thousand years to live ; death is nigh at hand : while thou livest , while thou hast time , be good .
Meditations . iv. 17 .
In the morning , when thou art sluggish at rousing thee , let this thought be present ; “ I am rising to a man ’s work . ” Meditations .
v. 1 .
No form of Nature is inferior to Art ; for the arts merely imitate natural forms .
Meditations . xi. 10 .
Everything is in a state of metamorphosis .
Thou thyself art in everlasting change and in corruption to correspond ; so is the whole universe .
Meditations . ix. 19 .
Disputed [ edit ]
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe .
Attributed in The Life You Were Born to Live : Finding Your Life Purpose ( 1995 ) by Dan Millman , Pt. 2 , Ch. 2 : Cooperation and Balance
Misattributed [ edit ]
Live a good life .
If there are gods and they are just , then they will not care how devout you have been , but will welcome you based on the virtues you have lived by .
If there are gods , but unjust , then you should not want to worship them .
If there are no gods , then you will be gone , but will have lived a noble life that will live on in the memories of your loved ones .
This quote may be a paraphrase of Meditations , Book II : Since it is possible that thou mayest depart from life this very moment , regulate every act and thought accordingly .
But to go away from among men , if there are gods , is not a thing to be afraid of , for the gods will not involve thee in evil ;
but if indeed they do not exist , or if they have no concern about human affairs , what is it to me to live in a universe devoid of gods or devoid of Providence ?
But Gods there are , undoubtedly , and they regard human affairs ; and have put it wholly in our power , that we should not fall into what is truly evil
No printed sources exist for this prior to 2009 , and this seems to have been an attribution which arose on the internet , as indicated by web searches and rationales provided at " Marcus Aurelius and source checking " at Three Shouts on a Hilltop ( 14 June 2011 )
Everything we hear is an opinion , not a fact .
Everything we see is a perspective , not the truth .
Cited as being from The Meditations .
This quote does not exist there ; although there are several other statements about everything being an opinion , none of these are connected to a sentence about perspectives .
The object in life is not to be on the side of the majority , but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane .
The first citation appears in a translation of Leo Tolstoy 's Bethink Yourselves ! by NONRESISTANCE.ORG .
The claim made that it is from Marcus Aurelius .
Nothing closely resembling it appears in Meditations , nor does it appear in a 1904 translation of Bethink Yourselves .
The 1904 translation may be abridged , whereas the NONRESISTANCE.ORG translation claims to be unabridged .
Quotes about Marcus Aurelius [ edit ]
A man 's greatness lies not in wealth and station , as the vulgar believe , not yet in his intellectual capacity , which is often associated with the meanest moral character , the most abject servility to those in high places and arrogance to the poor and lowly ; but a man 's true greatness lies in the consciousness of an honest purpose in life , founded on a just estimate of himself and everything else , on frequent self - examination , and a steady obedience to the rule which he knows to be right , without troubling himself , as the emperor [ Marcus Aurelius ] says he should not , about what others may think or say , or whether they do or do not do that which he thinks and says and does .
George Long , " M. Aurelius Antoninus " ( 1862 ) Harvard Classics , Vol.2 ( 1909 )
[ Marcus Aurelius ]
The absolute ruler may be a Nero , but he is sometimes Titus or Marcus Aurelius ; the people is often Nero , and never Marcus Aurelius .
Antoine de Rivarol , as quoted in Erik von Kuehnelt - Leddihn ( 1952 ) , Liberty or Equality : The Challenge of Our Time , The Caxton Printers LTD , p. 150
[ W ]e shall observe that Jewish intellectual qualities have remained constant , that certain characteristics , certain peculiar features of the Jewish soul may be traced as far back as the formation of the Jewish ethnical group .
We cannot prove all this directly , because we have no reliable accounts of the Jewish popular character dating from early times .
What we do possess are brief and scanty expressions of opinions , valuable , however , as far as they go .
It is of great interest , for example , to note that the Pentateuch ( in four places — Exod .
xxxii. 9 , xxxiv. 9 ; Deut. ix. 13 and 27 ) asserts of the Jews what Tacitus said of them later — that they are a stiff - necked people .
No less interesting is Cicero ’s statement that they hang together most fraternally , or Marcus Aurelius ’s that they are a restless people , to whom he cries , “ O ye Marcomanni , O ye Quadi , O ye Sarmatae , at length have I found a race more restless than you ! ” ; or finally Juan de la Huarte ’s that their intellect is keen and well fitted for worldly things . [...]
Under the Caesars their lot [ the Jews ] was no different [ than in other nations of antiquity ] : “ I am just sick of these filthy , noisy Jews , ” said Marcus Aurelius .
Werner Sombart ( 1913 ) , The Jews and Modern Capitalism , Chapter 13 , Translated by M. Epstein ; original publication in the German as Die Juden und das Wirtschaftsleben ( 1911 )
Under the Caesars their lot [ the Jews ] was no different [ than in other nations of antiquity ] : “ I am just sick of these filthy , noisy Jews , ” said Marcus Aurelius .
Hannibal Lecter : I 've read the case files .
Have you ?
Everything you need to find him is right there in those pages .
Clarice Starling :
Then tell me how .
Hannibal Lecter : First principles , Clarice : simplicity .
Read Marcus Aurelius , " Of each particular thing , ask :
What is it in itself ?
What is its nature ? "
What does he do , this man you seek ?
Clarice Starling : He kills women .
Hannibal Lecter : No , that is incidental .
What is the first and principal thing he does , what needs does he serve by killing ?
Clarice Starling : Anger , social acceptance , and , uh , sexual frustration …
Hannibal Lecter : No , he covets .
That 's his nature .
And how do we begin to covet , Clarice ?
Do we seek out things to covet ?
Make an effort to answer , now .
Clarice Starling : No .
We just …
Hannibal Lecter : No .
We begin by coveting what we see every day .
Ted Tally ( 1991 ) , Silence of the Lambs screenplay , adapted from the novel by Thomas Harris ; Lecter is paraphrasing or quoting an alternate translation of Meditations Book VIII , 11 : " This thing , what is it in itself , in its own constitution ?
What is its substance and material ? "
( George Long translation , 1862 )
Clarice Starling :
Then tell me how .
Hannibal Lecter : First principles , Clarice : simplicity .
Read Marcus Aurelius , " Of each particular thing , ask :
What is it in itself ?
What is its nature ? "
What does he do , this man you seek ?
Clarice Starling :
He kills women .
Hannibal Lecter : No , that is incidental .
What is the first and principal thing he does , what needs does he serve by killing ?
Clarice Starling : Anger , social acceptance , and , uh , sexual frustration … Hannibal Lecter : No , he .
That 's his nature .
And how do we begin to covet , Clarice ?
Do we seek out things to covet ?
Make an effort to answer , now .
Clarice Starling : No .
We just … Hannibal Lecter : No .
We begin by coveting what we see every day .
Marcus Aurelius was the perfect man , says Renan .
Yes ; the great emperor was a perfect man .
But how intolerable were the endless claims upon him !
He staggered under the burden of the empire .
He was conscious how inadequate one man was to bear the weight of that Titan and too vast orb .
Oscar Wilde , in The Soul of Man under Socialism , 1891
Nick Griffin is complaining he had faced a ' lynch mob ' on Question Time Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has urged Christians to " stand shoulder to shoulder " in rejecting the British National Party .
He told the News of the World the party 's leader was a " squalid racist " .
It was " chilling " to hear Nick Griffin claim to represent " Christian Britain " on BBC One 's Question Time , he added .
Lord Carey said the other panellists should have challenged him more on his " deceitful attempt to align his despicable policies with Christianity " .
In the newspaper interview , Lord Carey accused the BNP leader of trying to " hijack one of the world 's great religions " and said the decision to invite him on to the BBC 's flagship political discussion programme had been " a mistake " .
The BBC has handed the BNP the gift of the century on a plate
Welsh Secretary Peter Hain
" To hear the phrase ' Christian Britain ' coming from the mouth of Nick Griffin made me shudder .
It was the most chilling moment of Question Time , perhaps better described as the Nick Griffin Show , " he said .
He called on " all Christians to stand shoulder - to - shoulder in rejection of Griffin 's notion that ' Christianity ' has any place in his bigotry " .
Lord Carey said other parties needed to deal with the issue of immigration in a balanced and firm way or the BNP would " feed off the anger of citizens of all races and religions " .
" A controlled approach to immigration is needed with clear caps set on population growth , " he added .
' Lynch mob '
A News of the World poll of 504 people suggested two - thirds of people felt the mainstream parties had no credible policies on immigration .
The ICM research was based on interviews with a random sample of adults on 23 and 24 October .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The BBC were absolutely right to invite him to Question Time .
You can't just censor the political parties you do n't like Becky , Dundee Mr Griffin , who was one of two BNP candidates to be elected to the European Parliament earlier this year , faced robust questioning about his views on race , immigration and the Holocaust from a largely hostile audience on Question Time on Thursday .
He criticised Islam and defended a past head of the Ku Klux Klan but insisted that he was " not a Nazi " .
His fellow Question
Time panellists said he had been " shown up " but the BNP claims 3,000 people registered to join the party during and after the broadcast , which was watched by a record eight million viewers .
Mr Griffin has since said he plans to complain to the BBC as he had faced a " lynch mob " .
He said the normal format of Thursday 's programme had been changed and it should not have been held in London , which he said was " no longer a British city " because of the levels of immigration .
More than 240 complainants to the BBC felt the show was biased against the BNP , while more than 100 complaints have been about Mr Griffin being allowed to appear on Question Time in the first place .
However , more than 50 people contacted the BBC to show their appreciation for the programme .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A YouGov poll reported in the Daily Telegraph on Saturday suggested support for the BNP had risen after Mr Griffin 's appearance on the show .
The poll suggested 22 % of people questioned would consider voting for the BNP in a future local , general or European election .
The findings sparked anger among opponents of the BNP .
Welsh Secretary Peter Hain said : " The BBC has handed the BNP the gift of the century on a plate and now we see the consequences .
I 'm very angry . "
Meanwhile , Sunday is the deadline for Mr Griffin to have signed the court order agreeing to the BNP voting on changing its constitution so it does not discriminate on grounds of race or religion .
A party spokesman said Mr Griffin had signed it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VANUNU'S PHOTOS OF DIMONA - 1985 Mordechai Vanunu brought his camera to work in late 1985 , shortly before leaving his eight - year stint as a technician at Israel 's nuclear weapons factory at Dimona .
Acting on his conscience , he carefully took about 60 photos of the top - secret labs and unique production processes involved .
When some of these photos were originally published in the London Sunday Times ' exposé , they confirmed his eyewitness testimony about the extent of Israel 's nuclear weapons program and revealed Israel to be one of the world 's top nuclear powers .
To this day , the Israeli government refuses international inspection of Dimona and continues to deny the existence of its nuclear arsenal .
[ click here for more of Vanunu 's story : archive / story.html ]
While their publication resulted in Vanunu being locked away for an 18 - year prison sentence , his photographs of Israel 's nuclear weapons factory - a bold statement against nuclear secrecy and for the abolition of nuclear weapons - are here for all to see .
Click on the thumbnail views below to see the full - size photos in this selection .
1 ) Looking inside a glove box for tooling nuclear materials 2 ) Looking from outside into a glove box 3 ) Control panel 4 ) Control panel
5 ) Control panel for lithium 6 production 6 ) Control panel 7 ) Workshop
8 ) Looking inside a glove box at lathe for turning precision shaped pieces of plutonium or other components .
9 ) Laboratory model of nuclear weapons core 10 ) Looking inside a glove box at models of bomb components or containers for nuclear materials 11 ) Outside of glove box 12 ) Plutonium separation plant control room 13 ) Shielded viewing portal for observing nuclear reactions 14 ) Production model of nuclear weapons core 15 ) Production model of nuclear weapons core
Previous Post :
« Watch : Short Documentary on Maine ’s ‘ No on 1 ’ Campaign
Ordinary , average , struggling Americans might be scratching their heads over the news today , as the Labor Department reports that unemployment is up by four - tenths of a percent for the month to a record 10.2 % , fully three - tenths of a percent higher than economists had been forecasting , and stocks do what ?
Rise by a quarter of a percent !
What 's going on here ?
Well , the tube analysts are quick to say , unemployment figures are a " lagging " indicator .
That is , employment generally lags the overall economy , with layoffs coming after a recession kicks in , and hiring waiting until a recovery is well underway .
But that is n't true with a deep recession like this one , because at some point -- and we 're well past that point -- high and pro-longed unemployment leads to reduced demand for goods and services , and to a psychology of fear and consumer withdrawal .
Once people feel that they are n't going to find a new job soon , and once those who still have jobs feel that their employment is not secure , they no longer buy things except what they absolutely need .
And in an economy where fully 72 % of economic activity is consumer spending , that is no longer a " lagging indicator . "
High , prolonged unemployment becomes a causal factor in the economic downturn .
If people are n't buying stuff , then companies wo n't make it , which means that they stop hiring , and even lay more people off , and so unemployment becomes a downward spiral of cause and effect .
But what about the stock market rise ?
Why would investors think that a worse - than - expected jobs report is a good thing ?
There are several explanations for this ugly phenomenon .
First of all , rising unemployment -- particularly sharply rising unemployment -- means that the Federal Reserve will definitely not , for the foreseeable future , raise interest rates .
A rise in interest rates would hit companies hard , and always batters the stock market , and the government and the Fed do n't want to do either of those things .
So investors almost always jump into the market and push stocks up when they get some signal that the Fed is going to lower , or at least hold the line on interest rates .
With rates effectively set at 0 , the Fed can't lower them , but it is saying , no doubt with the bad news about unemployment in mind , that it wo n't be raising them anytime soon .
But there is another reason high unemployment may excite investors .
Current layoffs are likely , for many workers , to be permanent .
A recent report that productivity -- work output per worker -- was up at a 9.55 annual rate in the Third Quarter , is an indication that those companies that have n't shut down operations are making or doing more with fewer workers .
That kind of thing happens in recessions , because as joblessness gets worse , those workers who still have jobs become more docile and are willing to be worked harder by management .
Of course , you get more on - the - job injuries , more stress - related illness , etc. along with that kind of speed - up , but over the shorter term , it looks good on the books if you 're cranking out more product with a lower payroll .
Of course , longer term , this is all a disaster , not just for laid - off and afraid - to - be - laid - off workers , but for the country as a whole .
You can't rebuild an economy with more than one - in - ten workers unemployed .
And remember , that 's just the people who are our of a job and still looking for one ; it does n't count those who have been out of work for so long , or who work in professions that are so gone ( like construction or maybe manufacturing Saturns ) that they 've just given up looking , or those who have taken part - time jobs in ice - cream parlors or selling apples to survive but who want to be fully employed again .
If you add those people into the mix ( which is the way the US used to count unemployment until the 1980s ) , you get an unemployment rate closer to 20 % , or one in five !
And you sure can't rebuild an economy with one in five workers unemployed .
That 's what makes all the happy talk in the news and in Washington about the recession being over because last quarter showed a 3.5 % annualized jump in the so - called Gross Domestic Product so ridiculous .
Most of that rise was the result of government subsidies to car - buyers and first - time house buyers .
It was a one - shot stimulus that pushed forward spending , but it was no indication of a recovering economy , just a spasm of spending using taxpayer money .
Furthermore , an excellent article in Businessweek by Michael Mandel noted that fully one - percent of that GDP gain was the result of a failure by government economists to account for a collapse in corporate spending on research and development and on training and retaining intellectual assets ( a complicated way of saying that engineers , scientists and technology workers were being laid off at a higher rate than other workers , and much R&D work was being shipped overseas for good ) ,
So really the " growth " of GDP in the third Quarter should have been at a 2.5 % rate , and even that was largely government pump priming , not recovered economic activity .
The truth is , we 're falling deeper into recession , and apparently , according to the October unemployment figures , at an accelerating rate .
And there is no indication that the Obama Administration or the Democratic Congress are planning any significant jobs - creation program .
They seem to be happy with this .
So quick , run out and buy some stock !
It 's the American thing to do .
Probably not a bad idea either , since those dollars you are using will keep sinking in value as long as the Fed is constrained from jacking up interest rates .
_______
1 . A combination of the words “ Hoon ” and “ Universe ”
2 . The universe of all things hoon
3 . Your favorite website devoted to a love of all things with wheels and an engine .
Google has apologized for racist images of Michelle Obama that appeared when users searched for the First Lady .
The first image result was an ugly depiction of Obama 's face altered to look like a monkey .
Google banned the site carrying the image saying it contained a virus .
When the photo reappeared on another site , Google let it stand but displayed an in - house ad that redirected users to this statement from the company :
" Sometimes Google search results from the Internet can include disturbing content , even from innocuous queries .
We assure you that the views expressed by such sites are not in any way endorsed by Google . "
All in all , I do n't object to what Google did if they 're telling the truth .
But something about the story makes me feel a little queasy .
I do n't like that Google banned the Web site for the seemingly - too - convenient rationale that it could spread a virus .
If it really was a malware site , then fine .
But this looks an awful lot like censorship , even though the thing it 's censoring is thoroughly objectionable .
The Internet is unwieldy boundlessness of content , some of which is utterly depraved .
But that 's to be expected when you 're talking about the sum of all knowledge and information in the world .
Racist images are n't illegal .
And researching examples of racism online is n't only legal , it 's can also be useful for journalists , social academics and anybody trying to piece together fragments of the zeitgeist .
Google is n't the editor in chief of the internet , it 's a curator .
It 's job is to organize and I hope it does n't delete or de-index content just because it 's offensive -- and especially not because it 's offensive to important people .
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt said on Wednesday that the worst of the advertising recession is over , and pointed to signs of a recovery in both the U.S. and Europe , sending shares up 3 percent .
NEW YORK , Oct 7 ( Reuters ) - Google Inc Chief Executive Eric Schmidt said on Wednesday that the worst of the advertising recession is over , and pointed to signs of a recovery in both the U.S. and Europe , sending shares up 3 percent .
Speaking to a group of reporters in New York along with Google co-founder Sergey Brin , Schmidt said that the largest U.S. Internet search engine has increased its hiring and investment in anticipation of a recovery .
" The worst is behind us , " he said .
" We 're clearly seeing aspects of recovery , not just in the U.S. but also Europe . "
Google first started to see signs of a recovery in May and June , Schmidt said , following a period in which the slump in advertising spending undercut the company 's revenue growth and the price of its search ads .
Earlier on Wednesday , Oppenheimer & Co raised its price target on Google shares by 15 percent to $ 565 and maintained its " outperform " rating on expectations of strong third - quarter results .
Google reports earnings on Oct. 15 .
With the economy on the rebound , Google plans to resume its average pace of one acquisition per month , Schmidt said .
Google will likely forage among start - ups that are building products and services the company considers strategic to its businesses , including cloud computing , mapping , search and advertising , he said .
" Half of the most interesting things at Google came out of small acquisitions , " Schmidt added , pointing to a deal Brin and co-founder Larry Page did that eventually led to the creation of Android , Google 's mobile software platform .
Although he did not rule out large deals , Schmidt said they are tougher to do both because of the large expense that may not bring immediate returns and the likelihood of antitrust scrutiny , " because the competitors will come up with some artifice of what we 're doing and try to slow us down . "
Google 's purchases of DoubleClick for $ 3.1 billion and YouTube for $ 1.65 billion are among its largest acquisitions .
Separately on Wednesday , a judge set Nov. 9 as the deadline by which changes to a settlement between Google and the Authors Guild and others should be presented in court .
" We 're very very happy with the settlement we 've reached , " Schmidt said at the meeting with reporters .
But " if we need to , we 'll make appropriate revisions . "
Google 's plan to create a massive digital library has been praised for bringing broad access to books .
But it has been criticized on antitrust and copyright grounds .
Shares of Google , which is due to report earnings next week , rose 3 percent to $ 513.75 in afternoon trading .
( Reporting by Anupreeta Das , editing by Paul Thomasch and Gerald E. McCormick )
Ron Jeremy has a big penis .
“ How big ? ” you ask .
The answer he likes to give is “ Two inches ... from the floor ! ”
( He credits this line to Milton Berle , who was also known for his generous endowment . )
In fact , Jeremy measures the length of his penis at nine and three - quarter inches , significantly smaller than that of the porn star John Holmes , but nevertheless his greatest asset .
For its size and his endurance and control of it , Ron Jeremy ’s phallus has made him what one trade magazine called the “ top porn star of all time ” ; he has performed in more than 1,700 porn films with over 4,000 partners .
“ Ron Jeremy : The Hardest ( Working ) Man in Showbiz , ” written with Eric Spitznagel , is an X - rated “ Candide ” that recounts the journey of a lad with ambitions as large as his genitals from a childhood in Queens to bawdy adventures in the sex industry to a rather melancholy epilogue in which the woman he loves breaks up with him because he wo n’t forsake his swinging life for monogamy .
The book makes the case that its author is more than a mere sex machine .
Educated at Queens College , he studied Stanislavsky and Brecht .
He describes himself as a nice Jewish boy who never smoked , hardly drinks and loves his parents .
“ My youth was almost unreasonably happy , ” he writes , “ like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting . ”
He was the class clown and a beloved hotel waiter during summers at a Catskills resort ; he was kind to his dying mother and is a “ big softy ” when it comes to stray animals in need .
One of his most endearing qualities is that he knows he is not a handsome demigod .
“ I got older and fatter and my already hirsute body sprouted hair like a Chia Pet . ... I was short and chunky and undeniably furry ” — all of which earned him an industry nickname , the Hedgehog .
Except for his member , he has the looks of Joe Average , which perhaps helps male viewers of his movies better identify with his on - screen exploits .
Image Ron Jeremy Credit ...
Associated Press
Like the films of the directors Ed Wood and Russ Meyer , much of Ron Jeremy ’s work has an in - your - face amateurishness and is energized by fanatical enthusiasm reminiscent of Art Brut .
In one day before noon , he shoots a picture called “ Put It in Reverse , Part 3 , ” where his job is to have sex with 14 different women in a row .
“ Am I a lucky bastard or what ? ” he asks the reader .
He directs one called “ Space Vixens , ” in which astronauts land on what they think is another planet .
But when they stumble across a group of cave women , they realize they have gone back in time on Earth .
“ It was exactly as hilarious and corny as it sounds , ” he writes .
“ There were some truly spectacular astronaut / cave - woman sex scenes .
Really , what more could you ask for ? ”
Today the Drug Enforcement Administration issued a statement suggesting that the Justice Department 's new medical marijuana guidelines will not amount to much in practice :
These guidelines do not legalize marijuana .
It is not the practice or policy of DEA to target individuals with serious medical conditions who comply with state laws authorizing the use of marijuana for medical purposes .
Consistent with the DOJ guidelines , we will continue to identify and investigate any criminal organization or individual who unlawfully grows , markets or distributes marijuana or other dangerous drugs .
You could dismiss this stance as an attempt to save face .
But as I argued here last week ( and in my syndicated column this week ) , disagreements about who is allowed to grow and distribute medical marijuana and under what circumstances , especially in California , will continue to provide excuses for DEA raids .
It 's true that the agency , by and large , has not targeted " individuals with serious medical conditions who comply with state laws authorizing the use of marijuana for medical purposes . "
Instead it has targeted the people who supply those patients with marijuana ( who often are patients themselves ) .
With the possible exception of a " primary caregiver " who grows a few plants for a particular patient and does not charge for the service , it 's not clear that the DEA or the Justice Department is prepared to tolerate any method of providing marijuana to patients who are not up to growing it for themselves .
Steve Chapman comments on the medical marijuana guidelines here .
My column on the subject is available at Town Hall here .
[ Thanks to LEAP 's Tom Angell for the tip . ]
A few okay emails as a warmup :
Polls and Alinsky What happens when Soros money dries up ?
Rasmussen poll today puts Obama 's numbers lower than yours .
America is reading the Alinsky 12 Rules .
They are history .
Ridicule does not work .
Let me prove it .
" OMG !
Daily Kos , are the insult kings !
You win .
I lose .
Now stop changing the subject .
I have not heard a solution from you lips yet !
Why ?
Is it because you have no solution .
When you ridicule , you have just admittied that you have lost the argument . "
That 's why your side 's polling and proposals are not accepted on their own merits .
Date 08/31/09
- 11 Approval Index
30 % Strongly Approve
415 Strongly Disapprove
46 % Total Approve
53 % Total Disapprove
Why do you show yourself so biased day after day ?
America has read Alinsky 's 12 Rules and they do n't work anymore !
Public option .
There !
A solution .
Afghan War
You 're a soldier .
Get your ass to Afgahnistan and win one for your African " American " president
Better idea -- you know those chickenhawks that got us into all these wars ?
They can actually serve the nation they pretend to love .
You are a bunch of pussies at this site
It hilarious how you ban people from posting who are n't on the total fringe left on every issue .
Im not a Republican , I 'm a registered Democrat who voted for Obama because I thought he would be a decent centrist , somewhat to the left .
Hes not , hes a straight up leftist , borderline socialist , but apparently not radical enough for you .
I cant post on your site anymore because I brought up the negative aspects of Ted Kennedy , all the lavishing of praise on this guy made me sick .
He killed a woman , and went into CYA mode for himself , did n't try to save her .
He was also an infamous alcoholic who was hanging with his rapist kin the night before he raped a woman .
I 'm not allowed to bring this stuff up on your site because it does n't jive with your little bubble of insanity you have here .
We would n't want to burst your little bubble now would we .
I read this site because the concentrated insanity posted here is fascinating , this site represents all that is wrong with the ultra-liberal wing of the Democratic party .
You are worse than the bible thumpers that Republicans have to accommodate .
I used to be a Republican until I read this email , then I decided I could n't be a wingnut anymore .
This pretending game is fun !
daily kos you are a bunch of commie pinko fags .... who would love to see the destruction of this nation aint gonna happen .... me and the rest of the nations yes us TEABAGGERS ... have made sure that this commie health care bill FAILS .... you commies have the wh , the house and the senate ... you do not need a republican at all .... and still you can not pass shit .... the American people do not want socialism ... you fruitcakes are more than welcome to leave ... go to canada , go to france , go to china go to Iran , go to cuba , go to Venezuela .... you can get all the socialist healthcare rationing you want in those countries ... leave mine alone .... you socialist assclowns ... this country would be better off if you were not here !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is soros still living in his cave ... no he never did ... if all you libs had a left as you said you would if good ole George W
Here 's a better idea , the Teabaggers can go to THEIR libertarian paradise -- Somalia .
Sure , black people live there too , but no place is perfect , right ?
Now for the main course :
Hello " Kos " ,
I have prayed for God to smite ( ! ) your homo site to for some time now .
It seems
He is taking longer than I hoped to answer my prayers .
That is fine , he works in mysterious ways , as they say , even if i do n't understand them .
Have you prayed to Him recently ?
have you ?
You should .
He will answer your prayers if you truly believe .
I know this , because he answers mine .
Maybe he wo n't answer yours because you might have homosexual tendencies .
He does n't answer sinners prayers , and homoness is a serious sin .
A spit in the face of our lord , our god .
HE HATES HOMO SINNERS WITH A BURNING fiery PASSION .
Are you a homo sinner ?
If you want your prayers answered i hope you are not .
If you are a homosinner people will know .
people can see through you faggot !
So " Kos " , i continue to pray , tormented inside , for you .
I hope one day , your site goes off the air .
Msnbc will go down with their ratings , and take your site , and Chris Matthew 's , with it .
God will answer my prayer , because i am not a homo .
You mine as well not pray , because your homo human kind is not to his liking .
He , like me , like women !!
At this point in the email i know what you are wondering : why is Kos in " " marks ?
Well i have a reason for that as well .
It is because I do not believe your real name is " kos " .
I think that is the name you use at gay bars and such , so your parents do not know your gay .
you and your best friend Chris Matthew 's must have a great time hanging out at those bars .
" discussing politics " i'm sure .
Bullshit , you do n't go into gay bars to discuss politics with Chris Matthew's .
Get it ?
I 'm gay .
And that 's bad !
But I can't argue with the logic ...
God answers prayers
Premise # 1 is a fact , because he answers my prayers
I pray for your site to " go off the air " , and MSNBC too .
Your site is still " on the air "
So my prayers are n't being answered
So maybe premise # 1 is n't a fact ?
Therefore , I 'm an idiot .
To be honest , I 'm suspicious of this one .
Seems like too much of a parody of the winger gay basher .
If it 's real , it 's a new classic .
If it 's fake ... fuck it , it 's still a new classic .
It 's over I think that finally all ( or most ) of the racists who voted for Barack Obama because he was black ( and more charming than previous black candidates ) have become color - blind like conservatives and see that Obama is a socialist , marxist danger to America .
He will only serve one - term .
I think he knows this .
This is why he did n't play the game of building up trust before trying to implement this Nazi-esque health care plan .
He knows if he can just get it in the door it can be expanded upon later to create the even larger nanny - state the liberals so desperately want .
But he got greedy and tried to get it all in one shot .
Now he 's scrambling to lay the foundation for future damage .
And Obamacare IS a Weapon of Mass Destruction to our country .
So Obama will run rampant with a " scorched earth " lame duck administration .
We must reclaim the house and senate in 2010 We must reclaim the White House in 2012 .
Not because Obama 's black as Mark Lamont Hill would claim .
But because he 's anti-American .
You liberals are toast , Sincerely , heterosexual white dude
Umm .
Who the fuck is Mark Lamont Hill ?
[ DKos Contact Form ]
Good Luck I am writing this to let you know there are a lot more like me probably 100 for every deviant slime ball like you people , and that we are going nowhwere , and will do whatever we have to to preserve our , moral , way of like , being straight upstanding people who try to do gods will , the best we can , not the other way around .
God will take us home , theres nothing you dgenerates can do about it and deep down you know it .
Like I said good luck .
I 'm confused .
They 're not going nowhere , but God will take them home ?
Not that I oppose his god taking him home , hopefully far , far away .
Can you imagine if Bush tried to infest our schools like Obama is ?
n
Liberals of course are crying foul that we are not allowing our children to hear Obama speak .
If President Bush tried to pull this off , the left would be out in the streets burning down buildings and asking for his head .
No politics in the classroom .
Period !
Religion and Politics are
Personal private issues and it is the family , the parents in charge of the instruction for both .
The liberals would love us to be stupid and think this is simply a sweet kind speech .
This man has
An agenda .
We get it .
We know it .
He has no right to infest our children with his views on issues
Or his view of America .
Stay out of my kids classroom , stay out of our lives .
We did not vote for him , we do not agree with anything he thinks or believes , he is against everything we do believe in .
It starts with a speech , then down the line another , forget it !
Obama is the best thing that ever happened to the Republican Party , look what having him in power has accomplished .
We found our voices .
The party without the numbers , the minority party was ab le to
Bring his health care bill to it ’s burial , after the announcement of his school speech , within 24 hours
The administration was cleaning it ’s web site and rewording the questionable parts of the lesson plan .
Some schools are not showing it at all , others are allowing children to leave the room and some are not attending school that day .
See , Obama would love if he had the power Saddam and Hitler did over their people , he would love to have his portrait hanging in every school room across the country , he would love our children ’s books to be favorable of him , he would love an anthem to be sung about and for him .
He would love for us to salute and fear him , he would love control of every aspect of our lives .
It is not going to happen .
The people in the Country , the majority of the American people love our Country just the way it is , we love our history , culture and our way of life .
As far as Obama is concerned he find some country closest to his agenda and leave and leave us the hell alone .
His Health Care Bill is nothing more than a tactic to drive us closer to a Socialist nation , he owns the banking industry , he owns the auto industry , he is trying to cut off free speech and he lashes out at the opposition .
No thanks man , take your health bill care and shove it .
Take your ideas for change and MOVE ELSEWHERE .
It is not going to happen in American , just because we the people say so .
=0 A
Who needs to imagine Bush infesting any schools ?
Mr. " My Pet Goat " was left shellshocked in one on 9/11 .
We did n't give a shit about Bush speaking in schools .
I do love the source of this guy 's paranoia , though -- if Obama gives a speech to students , then he might ... give another speech !!!!!
And that would be worst than Hitler !
Except Hitler was a lovable peace lover and totally misunderstood .
Except when he was just like Obama , which was the bad parts of Hitler .
Still , this reminds me of something someone recently wrote somewhere -- liberals freaked out over the things George W. Bush did , they freak out over the things they imagine Obama doing .
CANNABIS CULTURE – After suffering a heart attack in September , Jack Herer has been on a bumpy ride through health troubles and personal drama fit for an Hemperor .
The tragic story of one of the most well - known activists in the marijuana movement has taken many twists and turns since the publication of the following Salem - News.com article .
Please read Cannabis Culture ‘s comments after the article and stay tuned to CC for an in - depth feature article featuring interviews with key players .
Jack Herer : A Man Well - Loved is Saved Again
by Bonnie King , Salem - News.com
For over 30 years , Jack Herer has been the inexhaustible guru of the hemp movement .
Many people have expressed their deep concern for Jack ’s well - being since his heart attack in mid-September , at an Oregon hemp festival .
Sunday night , Jack Herer was taken by ambulance to the hospital in Eugene from the rehabilitation center where he has been receiving care .
His breathing became more distressed throughout the afternoon , and finally he was rushed to the Emergency Room .
He was diagnosed with bronchitis , and given antibiotics to overcome the illness .
Such prevention may not have been possible just a few days ago , when a “ Do Not Transport ” order was in effect .
Because of a recent change in Jack ’s care , they were able to get him appropriate treatment , which could literally have saved his life .
More good news , Jack has been responding well to Speech , Physical and Occupational therapy treatments administered at the care center where he ’s residing in Eugene , Oregon .
He is coherent .
His speech is beginning to come back .
He has no IV ’s , no breathing tube , and though he has a feeding tube , they expect to remove it as soon as this week .
The bad news , is the breakdown within the ranks of Jack ’s supporters .
While Jack works to heal and rehabiitate , the world outside his room is swirling with controversy .
Much has been said as of late regarding the recent change of Jack ’s care management , and the subject has seemingly taken on a life of its own .
Jeannie Herer and others are unhappy with the new decision by the care center to acknowledge a Power of Attorney that moves authority of Jack ’s care to Joy Graves and Chuck Jacobs .
Avamere Riverpark is a reputable facility providing nursing care and physical rehabilitation for Jack .
Nurses and rehab therapists are working closely with him and the medical staff , providing a personalized treatment program for Jack .
Before the Storm
Chuck Jacobs has been Jack ’s right hand man for three years .
As driver / assistant and friend , he worked , lived , and traveled with Jack and the team .
He just returned from a European tour with hemp oil innovator Rick Simpson , standing in for Jack .
Jack depended on Chuck .
Joy Graves is Jack ’s assistant and long time friend .
Working shoulder to shoulder at the hemp festivals through the summer , she was a strong , trustworthy staple of the team .
In early summer , Jeannie and Jack went their separate ways .
Not surprisingly , they are both overwrought with obligations and a packed schedule , and she hoped to inspire Jack to take it easy .
She says she believed they would reunite at the end of the season .
Jack had Jeannie ’s name taken off his lease in July .
By many accounts , they were separated .
From his house , Jack worked on his new book and prepped for the festivals .
Eve Lentz was a writer - in - residence for some time , editing the long - awaited mushroom book , which is still a work in progress .
Jack was continuously surrounded by friends , new and old , confidants and professional partners .
According to friends , he was outspoken , as usual , and made it known that he did n’t plan to leave his house to move with Jeannie , or accept the “ take it easy ” proposal .
He left for the festivals in the NorthWest , an annual tradition for the Jack Herer team .
At noon on September 12th , 2009 , the first day of the Portland HempStalk , Jack called a meeting with Chuck , Joy and a notary public .
Jack had a Power of Attorney drawn up , and explained that , in addition to other issues , he had concerns about the publication of his upcoming book in case something should happen to him .
It was a subject of some contention between he and Jeannie , as she ’s recently noted there were some “ problems with the book ” that he had been working on for over a decade .
Chuck and Joy signed the paperwork , and got back to work .
Little did they know , the documents would gain sudden importance , and become the fuel for an underlying flame , ready to ignite .
When Jeannie heard that Jack had been hospitalized in Portland , she flew in and assumed her position as caretaker and wife .
And it ’s been a tough road to haul .
Since his heart attack , Jack has been moved 3 times , had one diabetic episode , and even suffered a fall out of bed .
There have been difficult challenges , difficult decisions , and more than not , long difficult days .
His drive to decriminalize marijuana and bring the value and benefits of the hemp plant into focus has never waned .
The people that have joined him on this journey are not just a bunch of followers .
They are leaders in their own right , speaking up and putting into action their belief in the future of legal cannabis use , and industrial hemp production in United States .
Chuck and Joy , along with many others , were integral in the successful organization , set up , break down , manning of the booths , travel to and fro , and overall care of Jack throughout the festival season .
Now , seven weeks later , they have taken the reigns of his care again .
DO NOT RESCUSCITATE
Joy Graves was at his bedside last week when she discovered there was a DNR order in Jack ’s chart .
“ Do Not Resuscitate ” , the nurse explained , means that should Jack have a heart attack , he would not receive CPR , they would not make every effort to save him .
They would let him die in peace .
“ Do Not Transport ” was also checked , which means there would be no ambulance ride to the hospital .
The order was a surprise to Joy , and a shock after all the effort to save his life .
She inquired as to how it came to be , and how it could be changed .
Jeannie Herer had signed the order , so it was up to her to change it .
Unsatisfied with that conclusion and in an attempt to ensure Jack ’s ability to survive a future health emergency , she revealed that she held Jack ’s Power of Attorney .
The care center took some time to deliberate the ramifications of the situation , bringing in their legal team , and determined that the document was legal and binding .
The DNR order was reversed .
“ For a person that was extremely displeased that it took so long for CPR to begin at the time of his heart attack , it was baffling as to why Jeannie signed a DNR , ” Joy Graves said .
“ They wanted me to sign a DNR form , ” Jeannie wrote in a MySpace bulletin .
“ The doctor explained that if he had another heart attack , he would n’t be able to survive it but if I did n’t sign the paper , they would still have to pound on his chest and possibly crack his chest and also shock him .
He said that when people die a natural death , endorphins are released that make them more comfortable at the end but not when you do that .
So I agreed . ”
Sunday night , the DNR order reversal may well have saved Jack ’s life .
Throughout the evening , Jack ’s breathing became more and more distressed , and the rattle in his chest turned to a struggle for air .
Medical attention clearly was in order .
Because the DNR had been revoked , they were able to get Jack to the Emergency Room at McKenzie - Willamette Medical Center where he was diagnosed with bronchitis .
He received x-rays , a breathing treatment , and a prescription for antibiotics .
Without intervention , he would likely have developed pneumonia .
He was back in his room and in good spirits Sunday evening , feeling much better .
The DNR would have made the ambulance ride to the ER impossible .
Jack ’s Progress Report
Last week , I was told that Jack slept most of the time , day and night .
Sometimes he grumbled in his sleep .
He had barely spoken , and was so tense that physical therapy seemed a moot point .
Prior to the change of care , Jack was on daily narcotics including Percocet and Oxycodone ( every four hours ) , which have since been nearly discontinued , and are relegated to specific pain relief when necessary .
Saturday night , he did n’t need any drugs to sleep well through the night .
He is NOT being given any hemp oil .
The care center , driven by federal guidelines , refuses to allow it .
The staff at the care center has been happily surprised at his improved response in all three therapies .
So well in fact , that they are increasing it to five days a week .
According to Eve Lentz , he has been singing “ You are my Sunshine ” .
“ It is hard to hear him , his voice is very light and breathy , but he ’s trying , ” she said .
He has also said a few people ’s names , and short sentences like “ I love you ” , “ Oh boy ” , “ Oh man ” , and “ Where ’s the baby ? ” referring to his godchild .
Seems like rather slow progress , but then again , his mouth has really been hurting .
Jack has been recovering from oral thrush , a painful mouth infection that often affects those with a weakened immune system .
This caused him to be unable to swallow easily , and it was necessary to limit his water intake , for risk of pneumonia .
Joy was corrected when she gave him water one day , and the next day another old friend was stopped from giving him a drink several times .
After a brief argument , she was asked to leave by the care center , not due to an order by Joy , which has been inferred .
This week they will begin regular eating and drinking , and hopefully remove the feeding tube .
Jack has been surrounded by his loved ones .
His children have been with him often , and Jeannie , now understood to be Jack ’s estranged wife , has been allowed in to see him though her authority has been circumvented .
Because of the negative publicity , specifically via online networking sites , the facility has allegedly received threats since the change in his caregivers , and even has fielded calls from imposters of family members and others .
This could have interrupted his care , requiring him to be moved yet another time .
Fortunately for Jack , that is not the case .
One More Thing
Rumors abound , most have so little merit that it insults the intelligence of the reader to be bothered with them .
However , one such claim regarding alleged drug use by Jack at the festivals requires attention .
No one would disagree that a man with his health history should not consider such things , but there is no evidence to back up the charge that has become nearly viral online .
There was a drug screen soon after Jack was taken to the hospital initially , and we are told that it revealed THC and nothing else .
Where Does He Go From Here ?
The frustration , fear and confusion felt by so many of Jack ’s friends is not to be understated .
This is a sensitive , emotional subject .
Keeping the faith is something they take to heart , and love Jack they do .
All the people involved seem to sincerely want what ’s best for him , and with time will likely find level ground with one another .
But what ’s really important here is n’t all of that , it ’s JACK .
He still has a long , climb ahead , and he ’s showing real progress .
He ’s working hard .
Several groups and organizations including the THCF in Portland and Jim Matthieson of the Herbivores in Seattle have expressed their intentions to host benefits to help offset the costs of Jack ’s care , which is mounting .
By all accounts , Jack loves his home in California where he has lived for several years .
Should Jack continue improving at the rate he is , he will be home again , watching the sunset from his porch , pondering his next adventure , in good time .
Whether or not he is able to resume his previous lifestyle completely , he well may return to it .
Though his home was nearly given up for lack of finances , some quick minded friends made sure that did n’t happen .
Efforts have been successful in keeping Jack ’s house , and it waits for his homecoming .
Be it known : The Hemperor Shall Return .
– Article from Salem - News.com on November 2 , 2009 .
The Story Continues …
by Jeremiah Vandermeer , Cannabis Culture
The above article , published by Salem - News.com ’s Bonnie King , sparked a storm of controversy and claims by Jack ’s wife Jeannie Herer that she and Jack had not gone “ their separate ways ” .
The article also received angry comments from other members of Jack ’s family .
Jeannie Herer has posted several updates about the situation from her perspective on Jack ’s website .
Cannabis Culture has been in contact with both Joy Graves and Jeannie Herer and has learned that neither is currently being permitted to see Jack at the Avamere Riverpark care center , but Jack ’s children have been visiting for the last week .
Adult protective services is also involved in the issue .
According to Joy Graves , another ‘ Do Not Resuscitate ’ order was recently put on Jack against her will and she is currently fighting to have it removed , but is being denied access by the care center until its legal team can figure things out .
Cannabis Culture is investigating the claims made by Graves , Jeannie Herer , and others involved in the story ( and some of the wild rumors circulating on the Internet ) and will soon publish an in - depth feature article with more details .
Stay tuned .
We ’re with you Jack !
In a related story , the Jack Herer initiative to legalize marijuana has received its official title and summary .
Made to fit ( Image : Space Systems Laboratory / Department of Aerospace Engineering / University of Maryland )
FORGET the complex choreography involved in putting on a spacesuit : astronauts will one day be able to get suited and booted in seconds by stepping through the neck of an overlarge , part - robotic spacesuit .
So say engineers David Akin and Shane Jacobs at the University of Maryland in College Park .
Once you ’re inside the baggy suit , its upper torso contracts using pneumatic artificial muscles to ensure a perfect fit .
Its morphing design means it should be less unwieldy than today ’s suits and allow astronauts to be more efficient , both …
Last month I ran a 5 - sec poll asking you about your preferred editor or IDE for writing Perl .
Now I am running another quick , 5 - sec poll trying to find out what else , besides Perl , are you editing with your editor ?.
I 'd appreciate if you took the 5 seconds to answer this question .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , October 16 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH
What 's w03.v762.net ?
Posted by Sean @ 13:29 GMT
I want to confess a bad habit of mine .
I do n't always review my phone bill .
As I have an F - Secure provided phone , and because my personal calls are usually well within budget , I often do n't review my billing statement .
( I really should call my mother more often … )
I think I 'll start reviewing it regularly from now on .
Last Saturday , my wife received the following to her ( also company provided ) phone 's Messaging Inbox :
It claimed to be a " Service message " and contained a link to a " video message " .
This is what the link renders via Firefox on Windows :
And this is what " w03.v762.net " displays from a Nokia phone 's browser :
Sorry , but you need my number ?
Not very useful , eh ?
What 's this all about ?
It 's about the " Mobile Tube spam " that Jarno posted about ten days ago .
At that point , it looked as if these links were billing those that clicked the link for a premium rate service .
A few days later , the situation appeared to change and the links no longer generate a billing charge .
In any case , my wife did n't click on the message , asking me to review it instead , and I deleted it from her phone .
And now I can't help but wonder , how many people might have accidentally clicked on these links ten days ago and simply dismissed the result ?
And how many of those people share my bad habit , and do n't bother to review their bill ?
Reviewing one 's bill is always good practice , it 's one of the most effective ways of preventing fraud .
You should review your phone bill as closely as you do your credit card statement .
And with these " Service message " links in circulation , perhaps it 's time for companies to remind their employees of this best practice .
Signing off ,
Sean
The Japanese electric zero-emission hybrid scooter " Miletto " to be released in 2010 , which runs 10 times as economically as a petrol - engine bike and can be assisted by human pedal power , at the Prostaff company headquarters in Ichinomiya , Aichi prefecture , central Japan .
The Miletto normally runs with battery power , but on a steep hill the rider would work the pedals to assist power .
A Japanese zero-emission " hybrid " scooter to be released next year runs 10 times as economically as a petrol engine bike and can be assisted by human pedal power , its maker said Thursday .
The Miletto , developed by auto equipment maker PROSTAFF Co. Ltd. , will make its debut at 156,900 yen ( 1,730 dollars ) in 12 colours , the company said .
" It normally runs with battery power , but on a steep hill the rider would work the pedals to assist , " said Ryo Teranishi , a planning official for the company , which is based in the central Japanese city of Ichinomiya .
" It 's a zero-emission vehicle in itself but this hybrid of an electric motor and manpower makes it even more environmentally friendly , " he told AFP .
With a single charge , which takes between two and four hours , the Miletto can run 35 kilometres ( 22 miles ) on a flat road without pedalling .
That means it can travel three kilometres on one yen ( one cent ) , roughly 10 times as economical as a conventional scooter , the company said .
The company has no specific plans at the moment to sell the scooter abroad .
( c ) 2009 AFP
Explore further Mitsubishi rolls out zero-emission electric minicar
Recently by Gary North : On Sacrificing for an Idea
He that withholdeth corn , the people shall curse him : but blessing shall be upon the head of him that selleth it ( Proverbs 11:26 ) .
Solomon was describing a time of dearth , possibly caused by a famine .
Some farmers or middlemen with food reserves refused to sell their food inventories , in expectation of a higher price .
They went by the free market principle , “ high bid wins . ”
They bid the highest price — sometimes called “ reservation demand ” — in the hope of selling at a higher price tomorrow .
Food hoarders have always been hated .
People who accept the legal principle of high bid wins reject it as immoral whenever life is at stake .
Yet food hoarding is not without uncertainty .
Food hoarders guessed incorrectly in Elisha ’s day , when Samaria was under siege .
“ And there was a great famine in Samaria : and , behold , they besieged it , until an ass ’s head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver , and the fourth part of a cab of dove ’s dung for five pieces of silver ” ( 2 Kings 6:25 ) .
Food was in such short supply that a pair of women agreed to eat their children .
They ate the first one .
Then the second woman reneged .
The first woman brought a lawsuit before the king against the other woman , charging breach of contract ( vv. 27—30 ) .
( In today ’s world , she would hire a lawyer , who would take the case for one - third of the corpse . )
Then Elisha said , Hear ye the word of the LORD ;
Thus saith the LORD , To morrow about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel , and two measures of barley for a shekel , in the gate of Samaria ( 2 Kings 7:1 ) .
So it proved to be .
The food hoarders took a beating , financially speaking .
We are not told what happened to the cannibals .
FAMINE AND FEAST
Food hoarding is no longer a threat .
It is therefore not called hoarding , except in wartime , when government price controls and supplying the troops create food shortages .
The last major famine in the West was the Irish potato famine of the 1840s .
Since then , modern mass production techniques in agriculture have prevented famines in the capitalist West .
Agricultural prices have fallen steadily .
This is why the small family farm has ceased to exist .
Commercial agriculture has freed up agricultural labor resources , which is another way of saying that family farms could not compete .
Urbanization has been the result .
Most people prefer it this way , all over the world .
Look at your fingernails .
You do , too .
In the bad old days , famines drove up the price of food .
That meant that food became a larger percentage of the typical family ’s budget .
When 95 % of the population was rural and traded little , a famine meant that food in cities got very expensive .
Food in the countryside was eaten rather than traded .
Money prices are urban phenomena .
So , high food prices are the enemy of urban consumers .
Low food prices are the enemy of farmers .
As the world has grown more urban , food prices have fallen .
Low food prices are why the world has grown more urban .
Then urban science and technology reduced food prices .
This is a benevolent circle .
The World War I ditty announced the demographic truth .
“ How ya gonna keep ’em down on the farm , after they ’ve seen Paree ? ”
Only with very high food prices .
But farm prices fell .
One of the most ludicrous of all the arguments regarding the cause of the Great Depression of the 1930s is this : “ Farm prices fell after 1918 , thereby bankrupting small farmers .
This deflation spread to the rest of the economy . ”
The historians who have written this have never understood economic cause and effect .
The miracle of modern economic growth — growth so enormous that it has allowed people to make a decent living by writing ill - informed history books — was made possible only by the capitalist system , and only around 1800 , when permanent compound economic growth first appeared in Great Britain and the United States .
This system has answered Christianity ’s most famous prayer : “ Give us this day our daily bread ” ( Matthew 6:11 ) .
Yet historians and most economists decry falling prices .
They see capitalism ’s answer to this famous prayer across the board , in economic sector after economic sector — every sector not run by or heavily regulated by the state — and they are appalled .
The government must do something to stop falling prices .
Or the quasi - private central bank must do something whenever the government does not own the central bank outright .
Sooner or later , they all blame hoarders — not hoarders of consumer goods , but rather hoarders of money .
The Keynesians , the monetarists , and even the supply - siders have rewritten Solomon ’s proverb : “ He that withholdeth money , the people shall curse him : but blessing shall be upon the head of the central bank that printeth it . ”
JACK BENNY AND SCROOGE MCDUCK
Jack Benny made a fortune with his radio persona : the tightest of tightwads .
“ Your money or your life , ” says a robber in Benny ’s most famous joke .
Silence .
“ I said , your money or your life ! ”
Benny replied , “ I ’m thinking .
I ’m thinking . ”
As part of this persona , he was said to have a vault full of money in the basement .
No one was allowed to go into it with him .
It was his hideaway .
In 1938 , the whole country wanted such a hideaway .
Scrooge McDuck also has a basement money vault .
But Uncle Scrooge has it right .
It is filled with gold coins .
( Many of the stories in the 1970s were written by Vic Lockman , a gold standard cartoonist who once wrote a cartoon booklet on the Federal Reserve System , “ The Official Counterfeiter . ” )
The curious thing was that Benny and Uncle Scrooge were regarded as lovable if eccentric characters .
They were not hated by the public .
Yet they were clearly money hoarders .
The adult listeners and the pre-teen comic book readers would have liked to have a vault filled with money .
Benny and Uncle Scrooge were productive .
The public knew this .
They were both entrepreneurs .
They both knew how to make money .
Although they had basements full of money , this did not keep them from making more money .
They were not recluses .
Uncle Scrooge was always doing deals .
He was Donald Trump for pre-teens , but without the weird hair or the wives .
Keynesian economists hate Uncle Scrooge and everything he stands for .
He knows how to make lots of money .
He stores up gold .
He is the essence of the non-consumer .
He is an anti-Keynesian — in thought , word , and deed .
TAKING MONEY OUT OF CIRCULATION
The trouble with economic analogies from the natural world , either organic ( “ money in circulation ” ) or mechanical ( “ money mechanism ” ) is that they convey lots of inaccurate information .
The type of information they convey lends itself to the restructuring of economic theory in incorrect conceptual categories .
Economics is about human action , not natural science .
It is about responsible individual choices , not collective statistical reactions .
When money is in the form of coins or pieces of paper money that are legal IOUs for coins , money does not circulate the way that blood does .
It moves from owner to owner .
It sits in people ’s individual hoards most of the time .
People do not spend most of their time buying .
They spend most of their time producing or sleeping in preparation for producing .
They consume time in front of TVs .
They do not shop till they drop .
Most societies have believed that the essence of a life well spent is spent in production , not consumption .
Economic success is leaving more behind than you inherited .
It is value - added living .
It is not this : “ He who dies with the most toys wins . ”
Such a life requires capital .
Capital requires thrift .
Thrift requires reduced consumption .
Simple .
Unless you ’re a Keynesian .
Then this is too complex to understand apart from formulas and complex graphs .
It is ultimately a mystery based on “ animal spirits , ” as Keynes put it .
In a community without banking , when a woman goes shopping , she takes a few coins .
She may bring most of them back .
It depends on how much she spends .
When a wife brings back most of her coins along with a pile of stuff , her husband praises her .
She has kept money out of circulation .
More power to her !
The Keynesian declares , “ this economy needs a shot in the arm . ”
If enough wives do this , Keynesians call on the central bank to do something .
It must provide the much - needed shot in the arm .
What is wrong with a wife who does not spend all of the money her husband gives her on payday ?
Not a thing .
Then what is wrong with Keynesians ?
Their theory of economics .
MONEY AND BANKING
In a more developed economy , there is banking .
If it is not fractional reserve banking — “ somewhere , over the rainbow , way up high ” — then the bank serves as a way to put coins to work .
The saver brings coins to the bank , and the banker lends them to entrepreneurs ( at 7 % ) or consumers ( at 15 % ) .
He pays maybe 3 % to the saver .
This gets money out of the basement vault .
But it still is in someone ’s mini-vault .
The money is said to circulate .
Yes , it does become more widely used .
Capital is created through freed - up resources .
The division of labor extends .
People get more efficient through specialization .
Society gets richer .
This is because entrepreneurs use freed - up resources — freed up by thrifty non-consumers — to produce future goods and services .
Why does the saver surrender his money to a banker ?
Because he wants more money .
How does a saver accumulate the money to deposit ?
By reducing his consumption or increasing his income or both .
Why would someone hoard coins at zero percent per annum ?
There are six main answers .
1 . He expects prices to fall .
2 . He does not trust the bank .3 . He is uncertain about the future .
4 .
He is unwilling to report the income .a.
Income taxesb .
Alimony5 .
He is either addicted to an illegal substance or else a supplier .
6 .
He is a miser .
Four of these reasons apply to normal personalities .
The fifth is a matter of either substance dependence or criminal psychology .
The sixth is so rare as to be the subject of popular books .
Keynesians treat the first four as being a variant of # 6 .
They think that there is something deeply antisocial about all six .
The Keynesian deals with # 1 by calling on the government - licensed central bank to increase the money supply .
So does the monetarist .
So does the supply - sider in a recession .
They deal with # 2 by promoting widespread trust in the government - guaranteed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
They deal with # 3 by creating government - funded safety nets : the welfare state .
They deal with # 4 by ( 1 ) increasing government funding of tax collection techniques , and ( 2 ) no -fault divorce .
They deal with # 5 by passing laws monitoring “ excessive ” currency withdrawals from banks and by confiscating people ’s currency without trial on the basis of suspected drug dealing .
They deal with # 6 by using it as an archetype of an entire society that refuses to legislate solutions 1—5 .
HOARDING CURRENCY
When you hoard currency , you remove it from the fractional reserve banking system .
This contracts the money supply by reversing the expansionary process that resulted from fractional reserves .
This is a threat to Keynesian solutions 1—5 .
By shrinking the digital money supply , you have done the following .
1 . Made life more slightly more difficult for the central bank .
2 . Made life more difficult for the FDIC .
3 . Increased the uncertainty of the banking system , which may encourage others to hoard currency .
4 . Made it tougher to track down tax evaders and alimony evaders : more currency to trace .
5 . Made it tougher to track down drug dealers : more currency to trace .
6 . Made misers look like early adopters .
Ultimately , the legal authority of the central bank to inflate the money supply by purchasing any asset can offset the decisions of individual currency withdrawers and mattress - stuffers .
The currency hoarder who hoards currency to strike a blow against the system is naïve .
He does not understand the centrality of central banking and the degree of authority that legalized counterfeiting conveys .
Nevertheless , as the Keynesian would say , “ it ’s the principle of the thing . ”
It is the principle of acting contrary to the Keynesians ’ assumption that money is outside the logic of economic cause and effect .
To believe that the asset - owning individual should decide how much money to spend or save ( hoard ) is to accept heresy .
Heresy is always regarded as ignorant and often regarded as immoral .
To act as though the state does not have sovereignty over money is an affront to a Keynesian .
Also to the monetarist .
Yet even the Keynesian is trapped by the logic of central banking .
It is only paper dollars that announce : THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER FOR ALL DEBTS PUBLIC AND PRIVATE .
The person who hoards paper money is announcing that he knows what real money is .
So is the immigrant who sends paper dollars back home .
So are those back home who never report this income and never deposit the money in a bank .
HOARDING DIGITS
Individuals do not hoard digits .
Digits are money today only because they cannot be hoarded by individuals .
To own digits is to surrender currency .
This logic does not apply to commercial banks .
It is quite possible to hoard digits if you are in control over a commercial bank .
You decide not to invest those digits .
Instead , you turn them over to the regional Federal Reserve Bank .
You tell the branch to count these digits as excess reserves .
The money is not spent into circulation .
What do Keynesian economists call money that is not spent into circulation , but is instead kept out of the market place ?
Hoarding .
What do they call this decision when you get zero percent on your hoarded money ?
Irrational .
What are American banks being paid today by the Federal Reserve ?
Between zero and 0.25 % .
This is the federal funds rate : overnight bank - to - bank money .
The money in excess reserves does not enter the economy .
It does not multiply by means of fractional reserves .
Every digital dollar in an excess reserves account has a tiny digital sign under it : “ The buck stops here . ”
This is why the doubling of the monetary base by the Federal Reserve in the second half of 2008 has not doubled prices .
The increase in excess reserves has offset the excess expansion of the monetary base .
The monetarists used to call the monetary base high - powered money .
It is low - powered money these days .
Excess reserves allow the FED to buy Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae debt and not drive up housing prices .
Excess reserves allow the FED to buy Treasury debt and not create hyperinflation .
Excess reserves are the FED ’s friend .
And they cost the FED approximately nothing .
Keynesians are not happy about excess reserves , but they are thankful that there is not hyperinflation .
I am , too .
I would prefer that individuals held these excess reserves at home .
What we have today is a system of digital mattresses .
These days , commercial banks hold a trillion digital dollars in regional Federal Reserve mattresses .
Why ?
Reason # 2 . Commercial bankers do not trust the banks .
Who can blame them ?
CONCLUSION
There will come a day , I dearly hope , when central banks will tell their respective Treasury Departments , “ No more subsidies .
We will no longer buy your debt . ”
On that grand and glorious day , the Treasury Departments of the world will move rapidly toward bankruptcy , interest rates on government debt will rise , the stock markets and commodity markets will begin to crash , consumer prices will begin to fall , and the mother of all bank runs will begin .
Get there early .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 Gary North
Nasa 's twin Stereo spacecraft " Behind " and " Ahead " captured rare footage of the Sun erupting over about a 30 - hour period between 26 September and 27 September .
The eruption was so large that the spacecraft were able to observe it for hours on end , one of the few times this has occurred .
Watch out Catholic Bishops , it looks like the younger generation of Catholic elected officials are not going to continue the careful reverence or fear of the hierarchy the last generation displayed .
In an act to courage , leadership and defiance , in October , Rep Patrick J. Kennedy ( D - RI ) , called out the hierarchy for their lack of support for the health care reform bill .
In an interview with Cybercast News Service on October 21 , Kennedy said he could not understand “ how the Catholic Church could be against the biggest social justice issue of our time ” adding that its stance was fanning “ flames of dissent and discord . ”
Representative Kennedy may feel a unique responsibility for passage of this bill since the death of his father , Senator Kennedy this last summer .
The day after Kennedy ’s statements , Bishop Thomas J Tobin , the Bishop of the Providence Rhode Island Diocese called the comments “ irresponsible and ignorant of the facts ” and also called Kennedy “ a disappointment ” to the church .
Kennedy did not back down .
On November 7 , he voted against the amendment sponsored by Bart Stupak - ( D - MI 1 ) and Joe Pitts ( R - PA 16 ) that would prohibit federal funds from paying for any part of a health insurance plan that covers abortion .
He was not the only Catholic Democrat to do so .
In fact , only 36 Catholic Democrats voted for the amendment while 50 including Kennedy voted against it .
Kennedy then voted to pass the Health Care legislation .
Six Catholic Democrats voted for Stupak - Pitts and against health care reform .
I wonder if they have heard from their Bishops about that vote .
After the House vote , Bishop Tobin issued an open letter to Representative Kennedy criticizing his vote and questioning his faith .
Bishop Tobin called Kennedy ’s support of abortion rights “ a deliberate and obstinate act of the will ” that was “ unacceptable to the Church and scandalous to many of our members .
” Kennedy then revealed that Bishop Tobin had instructed him not to receive Communion ( a central religious practice ) and told priests in the diocese not to give Kennedy communion .
Tobin admitted that he had written a letter in 2007 asking Kennedy to refrain from communion by denied it was an outright ban .
A planned meeting between the Bishop and Representative Kennedy has been put on hold .
On Monday , another Catholic Representative took the initiative to speak out in defense of Representative Kennedy .
Representative Patrick Murphy ( D - PA8 ) .
Murphy stated : “ We do n’t legislate at the orders of the Vatican , we legislate what is in our conscience and what we think is good for our country . "
Ironically Murphy was at Harvard to receive a John F. Kennedy New Frontier Award from Caroline Kennedy , President Kennedy ’s daughter .
Murphy also discussed the punishment he had received at the hands of his parish priest when he married his wife Jenni in 2006 .
The priest refused to bless the marriage because of Murphy ’s stand on abortion rights .
Murphy ran for Congress in 2006 as a returning Iraq vet against an incumbent Republican Thomas Fitzgerald .
It was a very close race and in the end Murphy won by 1500 votes .
I was impressed at the time at the courage of this candidate because he was unfailing in his support of reproductive right and LGBT rights .
I ’ve worked in various prochoice advocacy organizations for over 30 years .
Having outspoken Catholic public officials is one excellent way of breaking the Bishop ’s hold on Congress .
It is long overdue to question whether a handful of Bishops actually speak for the Catholic people .
When they go to the Hill it is time to make clear , the people are not following , not in policy and not in elections .
The Bishops have hidden behind their support of social legislation to blunt criticism of their holding every issue hostage to the abortion issue .
Winning health care reform without giving in to the Bishops demands will embolden Catholics , office holders and people to expect a Church that pretends to support social justice to put up or shut up .
Labels : Catholic Church , church - state separation , Patrick Murphy , Rhode Island , Tobin
A senior Indian Government minister says he is satisfied that Indian students studying in Australia are safe , and he does not believe Australia is a racist country .
India 's External Affairs Minister SM Krishna is visiting Australia - the first visit by a senior Indian minister since the row over the treatment of Indian students blew up in May .
He is seeking reassurance from Australian leaders about the safety of Indian students studying in the country .
On Thursday Mr Krishna met NSW Premier Nathan Rees about violence and difficulties faced by Indian students .
He says he is happy with what he has heard from the Premier .
" Indians by and large are by and large are most welcome in Australia , " he said .
There has been intense anger in India about the treatment of the country 's students who study in Australia .
Bashings , several private college closures and allegations of students being ripped off have taken their toll .
And Indian students have been vocal in protesting against alleged exploitation .
Dr Yadu Singh , a representative for Indian students , says Indian students in Australia should be protected from exploitation .
" It 's about making sure that the quality of education given to those students has improved , " he said .
" It 's about giving them freedom from exploitation . "
Brian Hayes QC , a member of the Australian India Business Council , says the issue is damaging Australia 's reputation overseas .
" The student issue is having a damaging effect on the image of Australia as perceived by the Indians , " he said .
" We need to correct that . "
Diplomatically upbeat
But Mr Krishna remains diplomatically upbeat .
Mr Krishna says he does not believe that Australia is a racist nation .
He spoke exclusively to ABC news after his meeting with Mr Rees .
Mr Krishna says he is satisfied with the reassurance he received today and will return to India with the Premier 's message .
" Indian students are going to be safe in Australia , " he said .
On Thursday the New South Wales Government moved to deregister Aerospace Aviation from teaching overseas trainee pilots because of a critical breach of standards .
Several students complained that they had paid thousands of dollars in tuition fees to the Bankstown Airport based Aerospace Aviation , but were left without qualifications .
The flying school says it will appeal the decision .
Meanwhile , 500 mainly Indian students from the failed Stirling private education college also remain in limbo .
On Friday Mr Krishna will meet Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith .
What 's with the goat ?
Goats are n't sheep : they are willful , independent and love getting out and doing their own thing .
They like to consume anything - food , shrubbery and even fabric .
Much like me , really ( although in more of a metaphorical sense ) .
Why is the goat in a coat ?
Not sure .
It just rhymed .
Tom Dossett and Stephen Todd built their successful personal injury and family law firm decades ago for one reason : to make a positive difference in the lives of their fellow Tennesseans .
Our clients appreciate us .
Our peers respect us .
Of those , our former opponents recognize our dedication to justice in all of its forms , inside of the courtroom and out .
I was on my way to the local cineplex , thinking about the article I 'd just read about several states that had worked together to amass a database of 20,000 license plates scanned with drive - by sensors .
What 's with that ?
It seems like everyone wants to get in on the surveillance party .
Everywhere you turn people are probing you , searching you , tracking you , and it 's really beginning to tick me off .
As I parked my car in the lot , I said to myself , " in fact , I would n't be surprised if they start searching people in movie theaters . "
Sure enough .
After paying my ticket , a security guard comes up and asks me very politely if he can search my backpack .
No , I answer equally politely , you cannot .
The guard is momentarily stunned , and repeats the question .
I repeat my answer .
Why ?
he wants to know .
Because it 's my stuff .
I do n't let people look through my stuff just because they want to .
Are you telling me I can't come to this movie theater unless you look in my backpack ?
Oh no , sir , I 'm not saying that .
Look at me , he says very sternly , eye - to - eye .
I am telling you I did NOT say you have to leave the theater .
Do you understand that ?
Okay .
So , what ARE you saying ?
I 'm saying that I want to look at your backpack .
Hmm .
Look , I would n't even let the police look in my backpack unless I was being formally charged with something .
Do you have a reasonable cause to suspect me of doing something wrong ?
No sir , but we have " reasonable cause " to search any bag we want , because that 's company policy .
Really ?
What are you searching for ?
We 're looking for drugs .
No , I do n't have any drugs .
We 're looking for movie cameras .
I do n't have a movie camera .
We 're looking for guns .
I CERTAINLY do n't have a gun .
We 're looking for glass bottles .
No , no bottles .
Look , my movie has already started .
What 's it going to be ?
Are you going to let me see this movie or not ?
OK , sir , no one has ever refused to let us search a bag before .
You can go this one time , but I 'm putting you on notice that the next time you come here , your bag WILL be searched , and I 'm going to notify the manager .
Hmm , OK .
( Off I go to my seat )
10 minutes later , the manager tracks me down in the theater and basically repeats the exchange , almost verbatim .
Must be something corporate sent out as a script .
At one point she says , " Nobody else has a problem with this , why do you ? "
Why , indeed ?
I 'm not entirely sure .
The fact that anyone with a corporate badge can just walk up to you and demand to rifle through your belongings just sticks in my craw .
If we do n't start pushing back , where will it all end ?
Of course , that movie theater completely lost my business , that pretty much goes without saying .
It may be their right to look through their patron 's things , but that sure does n't mean I have to pay for the privilege .
i think i can i think i can okay this is n't working
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
1. PickyDomains.com
Get paid for coming up with cool domain names ?
This is exactly what this online business is about .
With all good and obvious domain names long registered , the demand is high for quirky and easy to remember names that will stand out .
Full story
2. Thinkofthe.com
Somebody steals your sandwich from the office fridge .
This keeps happening again and again .
Could this be a start of a great business idea ?
You bet !
Full story
3. Utilikilts.com
Sell skirts to MEN ?
This has got to be the dumbest business idea ever .
Well , this guy sold ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND man-skirts ( kilts , really ) and I am sure this is a story you 'll want to read .
Fullstory
4. Cakerental.com
Why would you want to rent a fake wedding cake ?
Is n't is a special occasion ?
Well , with prices for wedding cakes sky - high this crazy little niche business is booming and something tells me that recession is only going to add new clients .
Full story
5. Afterlifetelegrams.com
As the name suggests , this service is for contacting the dead .
Terminally ill patients memorize messages and deliver them when opportunity permits .
And no , I am not making this up .
Full story
6. Iwearyourshirt.com
Jason Sadler has been selling the upper part of his wardrobe ever day of 2009 to companies that want him to wear a t - shirt with the logo on it .
His pricing structure is very interesting though .
He ’s sold January 1st for $ 1 and is selling December 31st for $ 365 .
Every day in between goes for the price of it ’s day of the year .
I was n’t to excited about that until I calculated ( using Gauss ’s method ) how much money he’d be earning for the year : $ 66,795 !
Full story
7. Wallstreetprisonconsultants.com
Believe or not , there is a firm that specializes in helping bankers and stock analysts do time : Welcome to Wall Street Prison Consultants .
My name is Larry Levine , and I ’d like to take this opportunity to introduce Fedtime 101 , a revolutionary new program tailored specifically for white collar offenders entering the Federal Prison System .
Full story
8. RunPee.com
You 're sitting comfortably in your plush chair at the multiplex , when suddenly you feel a twinge in the back of your neck .
A quick glance down at your 136 - ounce cola and you instantly realize that nature is calling , and it 's urgent .
You do n't have time to wait this time , but next time you can plan ahead for your restroom breaks with RunPee.com .
Full story 9 . Cuddleparty.com
Runs events at which adults " explore communication , boundaries , and affection " by donning pajamas and getting physical .
Ix - nay on the naughty stuff .
Cuddleparty got so big and successful , they even got their own Wikipedia page .
Full story
10 . SoftwareJudge.com
Trash some crappy software AND get paid for that ?
If you are a software lover then here is a golden opportunity for you make a few bucks every months for reviewing software at softwarejudge.com .
They pay you anywhere between $ 1 - $ 50 for each software reviewed .
You are not supposed to advertise any software by making a positive review .
You can review the software the way you like it .
You will be paid whether you make a positive or a negative review .
Souns good to you ?
Full story
Want more examples of crazy business ideas ?
Here is a list of books you are sure to enjoy .
And do n't forget to submit this story to your favorite social network .
The Million - Dollar Idea in Everyone : Easy New Ways to Make Money from Your Interests , Insights , and Inventions
IdeaSpotting : How to Find Your Next Great Idea
How to Make Millions with Your Ideas : An Entrepreneur 's Guide by Dan S. Kennedy
101 Businesses You Can Start With Less Than One Thousand Dollars : For Stay - at - Home Moms & Dads
Make Your Ideas Mean Business
The LHC ’s first collisions occurred on 23 November in the ATLAS detector , as reconstructed here ( Image : CERN )
The Large Hadron Collider bashed protons together for the first time on Monday , inaugurating a new era in the quest to uncover nature ’s deepest secrets .
Housed in a 27 - kilometre circular underground tunnel near Geneva , Switzerland , the LHC is the world ’s most powerful particle accelerator , designed to collide protons together at unprecedented energies .
It was on the verge of its first proton collisions in September 2008 when a faulty electrical connection triggered an explosion of helium used to cool the machine .
This caused a 14 - month delay while CERN repaired the damage and installed safety features to prevent a repeat of the accident .
Advertisement
But physicists started whipping protons around the machine again on Friday .
Now , at long last , CERN is heralding the first collisions inside the machine .
Two beams of protons travelling at nearly the speed of light crashed together on Monday at 1322 GMT inside the ATLAS detector , one of the giant measuring devices the LHC will use to probe shrapnel from the collisions , according to CERN ’s announcement .
Further collisions occurred inside the LHC ’s CMS and LHCb detectors .
“ This is great news , the start of a fantastic era of physics – and hopefully discoveries – after 20 years ’ work by the international community to build a machine and detectors of unprecedented complexity and performance , ” said Fabiola Gianotti , a spokesperson for the ATLAS detector project .
The protons collided with 900 billion electron volts of energy ( 900 GeV ) , with 450 GeV supplied by each beam .
The LHC is designed to allow collisions at much higher energies – all the way up to 14,000 GeV ( 14 TeV ) , or 7 TeV per beam .
World record
Before a brief shutdown of the LHC for Christmas , CERN hopes to boost the energy to 1.2 TeV per beam – exceeding the world ’s current top collision energies of 1 TeV per beam at the Tevatron accelerator in Batavia , Illinois .
In early 2010 , physicists will attempt to ramp up the energy to 3.5 TeV per beam , collect data for a few months at that energy , then push towards 5 TeV per beam in the second half of the year .
The LHC has the potential to make new discoveries even before it ramps up to its highest energies , Gianotti said in a CERN press conference on Monday .
“ [ At ] an energy of 3.5 TeV per beam , we do have a discovery potential which goes beyond the present detectors , so we may discover something new already next year , ” she said .
Supersymmetric dark matter
Dark matter particles predicted by supersymmetry – a theory that proposes hidden connections between matter particles and particles that transmit forces – might be an early discovery of the LHC , depending on how much the particles weigh , said CERN director - general Rolf Heuer .
“ If nature has really realised dark matter in the form of supersymmetric low - mass particles , then this will be the first thing they can discover , ” he said .
If the supersymmetric particles are heavier or do not exist , then the LHC ’s first discovery might be a sighting of the Higgs boson , which is thought to endow other particles with mass and would complete the so - called standard model of physics .
Physicists are already designing successors to the LHC that could reach even higher energies , such as the Super Large Hadron Collider .
DeSOTO , Texas -- Oklahoma State wide receiver Dez Bryant will remain suspended for the remainder of the football season for lying to NCAA investigators .
The NCAA ruled Tuesday that the junior All - American will not be eligible to play until September 2010 , possibly bringing his college career to an end if he enters the NFL draft .
Bryant said he 's disappointed in the NCAA 's decision to keep him ineligible for the rest of the 2009 season .
" But I respect the process , " Bryant said Tuesday night .
" I thank Oklahoma State for appealing the decision and look forward to when I can tell my side of the story . "
Oklahoma State appealed the decision to the NCAA Student - Athlete Reinstatement Committee , but athletic department spokesman Kevin Klintworth declined further comment .
The school announced on Oct. 7 Bryant was declared ineligible for lying to the NCAA about his relationship with former NFL star Deion Sanders .
" I just felt the manner in which I was interrogated by the NCAA was an experience I never had before , " Bryant said .
" The manner they asked the questions led me to believe that I did something wrong when in fact I had not .
My mistake was not seeking advice prior to being interrogated and then turning around and not telling the truth . "
Bryant has sat the last four games for the Cowboys ( 6 - 1 , 3 - 0 in Big 12 ) , who host No. 3 Texas on Saturday night in a game that could determine which team plays for the Big 12 title .
Bryant said while he waits out the appeal process he will go back to school and hopes to practice with his teammates .
At the time Bryant was first ruled ineligible , a person close to the receiver told ESPN's Joe Schad that if he were unable to regain eligibility to play sometime this season , he would enter the NFL draft .
That person said that Bryant in fact would plan to leave school and begin training for the NFL draft .
Bryant is projected as a first - round pick .
" I 'm not thinking about that , " Bryant said .
" I 'm helping my team and continuing my course of study . "
The NCAA said in a news release that Bryant 's penalty actually constituted " relief " from even more severe penalties for breaking the agency 's rules for ethical conduct and preferential treatment .
Bryant could have been forced to miss as few as six games or be permanently ineligible .
The NCAA said mitigating factors presented in Oklahoma State 's case resulted in a lighter penalty for Bryant .
The decision was based on whether Bryant " actively and deliberately concealed , omitted or provided inaccurate or false information " to the NCAA and whether he had multiple chances to provide accurate information but did not do so .
E-mail exchanges between an Oklahoma State compliance official and the NCAA indicate that there was concern that Bryant 's meeting with Sanders was a way to connect him to an agent , something Sanders has denied .
Bryant claimed in a letter of apology to the NCAA that he jogged briefly with Sanders at a Texas athletics center without breaking a sweat and then went to Sanders ' house for dinner but did not eat .
Oklahoma State said in its reinstatement request that it would classify the meeting as a violation of NCAA rules prohibiting preferential treatment .
Bryant caught 87 passes for 1,480 yards and 19 touchdowns last season while also scoring twice on punt returns .
This season , Bryant led the team with 17 catches for 323 yards and four touchdowns through OSU 's first three games .
While Bryant played in OSU 's first three games , OSU compliance officials were investigating an apparent meeting he had with former NFL players Sanders and Omar Stoutmire that he later lied about to the NCAA .
Bryant sent a letter with his initial application for reinstatement , asking to play again this season and that his " punishment is not so bad that I do not get to play football again at OSU . "
Bryant had not commented publicly since the university ruled him ineligible because he " failed to openly disclose to the NCAA the full details of his interaction with a former NFL player not affiliated with OSU . "
Sanders later identified himself as that player , and Bryant also referred to him in his letter to the NCAA .
After his initial suspension , the university released a statement from Bryant saying " I made a mistake by not being entirely truthful when meeting with the NCAA . "
Information from ESPN's Joe Schad and The Associated Press was used in this report .
From Paul Secunda at Workplace Prof Blog :
“ Probably not a big surprise to many readers out there that female supervisors are still harassed in large numbers , but the fact that this study show that they are harassed more than non-supervisor female employees is just a little surprising to me ( via MSNBC ) :
Female managers are 137 percent more likely to experience sexual harassment than their rank - and - file counterparts , according to a recently released study .
Even Heather McLaughlin , a sociologist at the University of Minnesota and the primary investigator on the study , was surprised by the findings .
â€ œIt ’s sort of a paradox , ” she says .
” You would expect that having that status and power over other employees would protect you from that behavior . ”
Turns out it does n’t , and McLaughlin ’s conclusion is that ” because of gender norms , people are still not accepting women in power positions . ”
The report , ” A Longitudinal Analysis of Gender , Power and Sexual Harassment in Young Adulthood , ” looked at data that tracked nearly 600 individuals from adolescents into their 30s . …
From Nan Hunter at Hunter of Justice :
“ Data presented at this year ’s meeting of the American Sociological Association demonstrate that women in management positions are significantly more likely to be harassed than women who do not supervise others .
The study also found that effeminate men were susceptible to harassment , an observation borne out by the large number of same - sex harassment cases , almost all filed by male employees who are perceived for a variety of reasons to be weak .
Women who hold supervisory positions are more likely to be sexually harassed at work , according to the first - ever , large - scale longitudinal study to examine workplace power , gender and sexual harassment .
The study , “ A Longitudinal Analysis of Gender , Power and Sexual Harassment in Young Adulthood , ” reveals that nearly fifty percent of women supervisors , but only one - third of women who do not supervise others , reported sexual harassment in the workplace .
In more conservative models with stringent statistical controls , women supervisors were 137 percent more likely to be sexually harassed than women who did not hold managerial roles .
While supervisory status increased the likelihood of harassment among women , it did not significantly impact the likelihood for men .
“ This study provides the strongest evidence to date supporting the theory that sexual harassment is less about sexual desire than about control and domination , ” said Heather McLaughlin , a sociologist at the University of Minnesota and the study ’s primary investigator .
“ Male co-workers , clients and supervisors seem to be using harassment as an equalizer against women in power . ” …
– Ann Bartow
I ’m pleased to announce the availability of version 0.2 of my criterion library for Haskell performance evaluation .
Compared to version 0.1 , this version has some significant changes .
The benchmarking API has been improved !
If you ’re benchmarking a pure function , you no longer need to feed it an Int to ensure that it wo n’t get thunked or let - floated .
Instead ,
Use the B data type ( see the examples / directory ) to specify an unsaturated function that you want to benchmark , along with its last argument .
Many thanks to Daniel Peebles for suggesting this approach , which makes the use of criterion considerably more pleasant .
to ensure that it wo n’t get thunked or let - floated .
Instead ,
Use the data type ( see the directory ) to specify an unsaturated function that you want to benchmark , along with its last argument .
Many thanks to Daniel Peebles for suggesting this approach , which makes the use of criterion considerably more pleasant .
Neil Brown added a -- kde - same - axis command - line option to allow plotting the KDEs for all the benchmarks with the same X axis .
I ’d like to thank Neil for his helpful work on some other code cleanup issues , too .
command - line option to allow plotting the KDEs for all the benchmarks with the same X axis .
I ’d like to thank Neil for his helpful work on some other code cleanup issues , too .
There are some more , and better quality , examples in the examples / directory .
directory .
Tim Docker contributed a patch that improves graph rendering .
As the changes above suggest , several people have been actively contributing to the improvement of criterion , and I ’m delighted by this .
Please feel welcome to get involved ; there are many improvements I ’d like to make , but of course I have limited time to work on them .
I ’ll be happy to talk with you about other potentially useful changes .
Odd place , Britain .
Every day , 13 million CCTV cameras track our movements .
We 're PIN - numbered , databased , credit- rated , nannied , Neighbourhood Watched , Facebooked , emailed and GPS -ed .
You would n't think any of us could slip away unnoticed .
But we do , in ever - increasing quantities .
An Independent on Sunday investigation has established that the numbers of Britons who disappear each year is now at record levels .
Missing People , the charity that helps both the disappeared and those left behind , told us that 250,000 missing persons reports each year – more than 30,000 higher than any previous total – is " probably an underestimate " ; others put the total nearer 275,000 .
This , the equivalent of the entire population of Plymouth being spirited away , means that , across the country , one person goes missing every two minutes .
The vast majority are swiftly found , or return of their own volition , but many do n't .
Some disappear for decades , and sources , including some inside the police , say the number of people in Britain who have been missing from family , friends and usual haunts for more than a year is at least 16,000 and could be as many as 20,000 .
Among them are people like Melanie Hall , last seen in a Bathclub nightclub in 1996 , whose parents had to endure 13 years of waiting and wondering before her remains were found , a week ago , beside the M5 .
She had been murdered .
Nor does death always bring closure .
At any one time , there are an estimated 1,000 unidentified bodies lying in the country 's mortuaries and hospitals .
Many have been there for years – unknown , unclaimed citizens .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The long - term missing inhabit a looking - over - their - shoulder world of false names , cash - in - hand jobs , hostels and short lets .
For their families , they leave behind not only trauma , grief , guilt , anger and despair , but also , if they are breadwinners , more practical problems .
Missing people are deemed neither dead nor properly alive , so salaries are stopped , insurance companies wo n't pay out , bills can't be paid and corporate " helplines " wo n't discuss the disappeared 's affairs because of the Data Protection Act .
But , most of all , the long - term missing leave behind an aching sense of mystery : what has become of them , and why did they go ?
This is the story of Britain 's long - term disappeared – of people such as Joyce Wells , Alan Hobbs and Janet Cowley ; of those as young as seven - year - old Daniel Entwhistle , missing from his Great Yarmouth home since May 2003 , or as elderly as 88 - year - old Mary Ferns , missing from West Lothian for 16 months now .
All an agonising riddle .
Why did the Gloucester librarian Angela Bradley leave her spectacles in her car , the keys in the ignition , and walk away one January day in 1995 ?
What happened last November to Quentin Adams , a 40 - year - old father of three from Banchory , Aberdeenshire ?
He popped out to buy cigarettes and has not been seen since .
And where on earth is the 14 - year - old Doncaster schoolboy Andrew Gosden ?
Some 93 per cent of the children who go missing do not live in a two - parent household , and single children are more likely to run away than those with brothers and sisters .
Andrew fell into neither category , happily living , according to testimony from his caring family , with his mother , father and elder sister , Charlie .
He was doing well at school , and no one had noticed him behaving in any way that would set alarm bells ringing .
And yet , one day two Septembers ago , he left for school , waited for his parents to go to their work as speech therapists , returned to the house , changed his clothes , went to a cash machine , withdrew £ 200 of his savings , and boarded a train to London .
We know this because he was seen on CCTV arriving at King 's Cross , a slight figure dressed in black jeans and T - shirt .
No one has seen him since .
The despair , the not knowing , hit his father , Kevin , like a truck .
He tried to commit suicide , hanging himself from the banisters , and his life was saved only because the vicar – who had a key to the house – arrived at that moment .
The efforts to find Andrew could not have been greater .
Police were swiftly alerted , as was Missing People and local media .
His face is on the web , on posters , and on 15,000 leaflets that were distributed in London by three coachloads of family , friends , schoolmates and teachers , who travelled to London and searched for him a year after his disappearance .
His 14 - year - old face stares from a page on the Missing People website , increasingly a reminder of what he once was , rather than an aid to recognising him now .
The Andrew who left the house in his school uniform is no longer the Andrew who might be found .
So an age - progressed face will feature on a new leaflet , to be emailed to snooker halls and , if permission is granted , to be handed out at a Muse gig , one of Andrew 's favoured bands .
Back in Doncaster , his family keep his childish things , and the clothes that will no longer fit him , in a room unchanged since that day in September 2007 .
They can still look and hope .
What they can not do is grieve .
Kevin Gosden told us : " We have all reacted differently in our house .
It 's been a battle with depression for me .
I have n't reached the point where I can give up – there 's always another chance to find him .
Sometimes it feels like we 're going round and round in circles , like we 're trapped in a work by Escher . "
Children make up the bulk of the missing persons reports in Britain .
But , as teenagers who stay out a night or two from their care or foster home , or who sleep on a friend 's sofa to cool down after a row with a parent , they are also likely to be the cases that are resolved within a few days .
Teenage runaways are overwhelmingly female : 71 per cent of missing 13 - to 17 - year - olds are girls .
With adults , it is different .
Men predominate , with 73 per cent of all disappeared people over the age of 24 being male .
Adult missing cases are also far less likely to be resolved quickly , or at all .
A 2003 study found that only 20 per cent of missing adults traced by Missing People decided to return to the place they had left , and 41 per cent of those located were not prepared to make contact with those who were looking for them .
The conclusion is that they 're fleeing something – in their own minds or in reality – far more deep - seated than the cause of a teenager 's tiff with Mum , Dad , a step - parent or friends .
There have always been the elderly and confused , the alcoholics , drug addicts and obsessive loners who drift out of contact , until the family , wishing to try again , finds there is no forwarding address .
And there will always be the utterly inexplicable disappearances – people such as
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Anne Simpson , a mother of 60 , who went for a walk near her home in Ingoldmells , Lincolnshire , in September 2004 and never returned .
But the most intriguing of the missing are those ordinary folk who have some discernible pressure in their lives , but one which seems on the surface no worse than that experienced by the millions who simply keep battling on .
It might be job stress , money worries ( the recession is a major cause of a rise in missings ) , or relationship breakdown .
But what is it that tips them over some invisible edge and compels them to make a sudden bolt for the door ?
And what is it like to be the family left behind ?
To find out , we sat down with Anne and Peter Langridge , sister and nephew of Bernard Coomber , who went missing in January this year .
His story contains many of the ingredients of other missing cases .
You could call it " A Very Average Disappearance " .
Bernard was 55 , unmarried , and lived alone in Sevenoaks , Kent .
He was an outdoor person , who often went walking and the job he liked best was landscape gardening .
" That was his first love , " says Anne , " but he had back problems , so he went into a factory that made parts for showers .
He worked for an agency that made him redundant ; he was taken on again when the work picked up , then they made him redundant again . "
By early this year , he had not worked for two years and " had totally run out of money " .
So she gave him £ 50 .
One day in late January Anne was called by one of Bernard 's neighbours .
The woman could get no reply at his house .
Anne went round , let herself in , and found the house empty .
On the kitchen table were laid out Bernard 's mobile , and beside it was the £ 50 Anne had lent him .
He was , she explained , a proud man and hated accepting money .
" He took nothing with him , " says Anne .
" Not a bank card , small change , not a rucksack or holdall .
He just walked out with whatever he'd got on .
His coats were still in the house .
And it was a bitterly cold day . "
It was , in a phrase used by so many families of the missing , " totally out of character " .
Peter says : " He was a loner , really .
He led a simple life , but he was quite a grounded sort of person . "
He was , however , " a bit down , having problems finding a job " , says Peter .
And , like many on benefits , things did not run smoothly .
Anne says : " He had flu at Christmas and , because he did n't sign on by phone , they signed him off and he did n't get his money .
So , within a month , there was no money coming in ... he did n't get on with the man at the Jobcentre and wanted to be referred to another one , but they would n't allow that . "
Bernard 's last words to Anne were : " I 've got myself in a mess , and I 'll get myself out of it . "
Like quite a few of the mature missing , Bernard had been a sort of carer , to his father , who died seven years ago .
" Bernard did have one girlfriend , " says Anne , " but , sadly , my dad made that one fizzle out .
He was frightened of being left on his own . "
Instead , with his money problems , bad back and a troublesome recent hernia operation , it was Bernard who was left on his own .
Kent Police have carried out extensive searches , traced all possible contacts , travelled to interview Bernard 's friends up north , talked to his doctor , publicised his details , and checked any bodies that have turned up .
Appeals have appeared in local newspapers , on the net , in The Big Issue , and on posters besides the paths where he used to walk .
But nothing .
Anne says : " My only feeling is that he may have taken his own life in the old quarry , where he knew he would n't be found , because he would n't want to put me through the cost of a funeral .
If he 's taken his own life , he 'll have put himself somewhere we wo n't find him for a long time . "
As soon as the leaves are off the trees , police will use a helicopter with thermal - imaging equipment to see if any remains can be found in Bernard 's favourite rural spots .
Anne and Peter say that Missing People ( who call regularly ) , and the police , both the Kent force and the National Policing Improvement Agency 's missing persons bureau , " could not have done more " .
The offices of the charity Missing People are the closest this country has to a nerve centre for the disappeared .
Above a supermarket on a busy west London street is an operation that looks like a police incident room .
Phones are constantly manned , and , on the wall , there are wipeboards with lists of names , and when and where they were last seen .
Missing People , founded 20 years ago in the wake of the disappearance of Suzy Lamplugh , who lived near by , runs three helplines – for young runaways , missing adults , and the families of the disappeared , all manned 24 hours a day .
They receive 120,000 calls a year .
The chief executive , Martin Houghton - Brown , says they can barely cope with the volume .
In the early hours of last Monday morning , for instance , the two volunteers had 30 calls in an hour .
They included sightings , relatives making initial reports and the missing phoning in .
A recent sample : " James " , 13 , missing from care and sleeping rough on a park bench , angry and upset , who agreed to be put in touch with a social worker ; " Paula " , a long - term disappeared who had swallowed a large amount of paracetamol and drink , who eventually allowed Missing People to call an ambulance ; " Adrian " , 50 , who had walked out on his wife , but wanted to let her know he was safe ; and " Aina " , 24 , from Bradford , whose parents had her booked on a flight that night to go to a forced marriage .
She was frantic ; Missing People put her in touch with organisations such as the Asian Women 's Domestic Helpline .
Mr Houghton - Brown and his policy and research director , Geoff Newiss , are clear about what needs to be done to help Britain 's missing and their families .
First , a government department needs to take responsibility for the issue .
Second , comprehensive information on the missing needs collating and analysing centrally ( we are better at keeping tabs on missing cars than missing people , according to Helen Southworth , Labour MP for Warrington South and a long - time campaigner for the missing ) .
Third , all agencies must have a duty to co-operate .
And , fourth , underpinning all this , these responsibilities need to be statutory .
" It means resources , " says Mr Houghton - Brown , " but we 're talking about people dying every day . "
Adults , unless illegality is involved , have a perfect right to go missing , assume a new identity , and live out of contact with their former friends and family .
( One man who disappeared told Missing People when he was traced : " How dare you look for me ! " – and threatened to sue . )
This has fed the myth that the police regard any missing case which is not that of a child , or where a crime is suspected , as beyond their remit .
It may once have been true , but not now .
In Bramshill , Hampshire , the NPIA 's missing persons bureau logs and helps investigate cases .
And it is thanks , in part , to its work that families such as Bernard Coomber 's testify to the lengths to which most forces go to find their lost loved one .
Down in Surrey , police still keep active Operation Scholar , the search for Ruth Wilson , a sixth - former who went missing 14 years ago .
She left Dorking just after 4 pm on 27 November 1995 , and , instead of going home , took a taxi to an isolated pub on Box Hill .
Intriguingly , she had ordered flowers for her parents to be delivered two days later .
More significantly , police later learned that Ruth , the bookish - looking daughter of two teachers , was in the habit of going to the remote spot on the way home from school .
( As an example of the almost limitless trials facing families of missing persons , the Wilsons were asked if they were willing to appear on a game show where the audience would vote on the best step the family could next take to try to get their daughter back .
They declined . )
Although Missing People uses a specialist in age - progressed likenesses to portray people missing over the long term , there is a limit to what it , and the police , can do .
So families hand out leaflets , put up posters , tramp the streets , offer rewards ( £ 10,000 is not an uncommon amount ) , hire private investigators ( an extensive search can cost more than £ 15,000 ) , and even , as Kent Police told us , consult mediums .
They also start groups on Facebook , and launch websites such as the one for Nicola Payne , who went off to collect clothes for her baby in December 1991 , took a short cut across fields , and has not been seen since .
Among the poignant messages on the site is one from her son Owen – now 17 , but just seven months old when his mother disappeared : " I envy my older cousins who remember her well , and they tell me what a fun-loving girl she was ...
My one wish would be to have my mum found and to be able to understand the confusion , mystery and heartbreak of the past 17 years . "
Some do return .
About 10 disappeared persons a week are found through the work of Missing People , among them Billy Andrews , who went missing from his family after his marriage broke up .
He began sleeping rough , and defied all the efforts of his mother , Kathleen , and his four sisters to find him .
Twelve years went by , and then Kathleen saw an advertisement for Missing People and rang .
Within four weeks , the charity 's case managers had found him .
Kathleen says : " One day I was watching my favourite soap when the phone rang .
It was Billy .
We both wept . "
Billy says : " I was so happy when I got the phone call from Missing People telling me that my mum was trying to find me .
To be back in touch with her and my sisters after so long was a dream come true . "
So why did he lose touch ?
He felt he had let them down and was ashamed of the state he was in .
He is now settled , and has remarried .
" It is , " says Kathleen , " a second chance for all of us . "
Thousands of Billies , Bernards , Ruths and Andrews will join the ranks of the long - term missing this year .
Maybe it is n't so curious that they can elude all the tabs kept on us , all of our petty nannyings and risk assessments .
We may have officials logging missing cars , we might microchip our dogs , and indelibly mark our possessions , but we 're awfully casual about lost humans .
After all , in 2009 there is no government department responsible for listing and finding them .
Odd place , Britain .
The trafficked girls :
They all exhibit a vulnerable prettiness
Among the passport pictures of the disappeared staring out from the Missing People web pages a sizeable number are of teenage girls of Far Eastern origin .
Xia Wang , 17 , has been missing from Westcliff - on - Sea , Essex , since November 2006 ; Qin Wang , 16 , from Bournemouth since January 2007 ; Yan He , 17 , from Worthing since July 2007 ; Dung Thi Nguyen , 17 , from Catford since April 2007 ; Lihua Hi , 16 , from Birmingham since June 2006 .
There are many others .
Having been brought to this country illegally , such girls – whose only common characteristic , says Missing People , is their region of origin and their vulnerable prettiness – are warned by those who transported them to trust absolutely no one .
They are taken into care , but , a short while later , are often seen getting into a car driven by an older male oriental .
They have been trafficked .
Britain 's unclaimed bodies :
They lie refrigerated in Britain 's mortuaries
Who was the man known as Mr Seagull , whose body was found on Chesil Beach , Dorset , in 2002 ?
Who was the white man aged between 30 and 40 killed at Canterbury by the London - bound train in October 2001 ?
Who was the man whose badly burnt remains were found on Parley Common , Dorset , when firefighters tackled a heathland blaze in August 2006 ?
Their bodies , and hundreds more , lie refrigerated in Britain 's mortuaries , awaiting identification .
One reason there are so many is because there is no database of the DNA of missing people , which Dr Tim Clayton of the Forensic Science Service has described as " a national disgrace " .
And an investigation in Scotland by the Daily Record last January found that police there have the DNA of just 34 of 450 long - term missing cases on their books .
THE DISAPPEARED ...
Kevin Fasting
Age at disappearance : 50
Last Seen : 21 November 2003 , leaving his Merseyside home for work .
Background :
The father of three called himself " the worst father in the world " in a note found after he went missing .
Laura Haines
Age at Disappearance : 30
Last Seen :
At her home in Bristol on 23 February 1997 .
Background : Laura left two daughters behind .
Investigators have looked into whether her disappearance is linked to previous relationship break - ups .
Alexander Sloley
Age at Disappearance : 16
Last Seen : Alexander was last seen by a friend in Edmonton , north London , on 2 August 2008 .
Background : Alexander 's was one of the first cases to be publicised on nearly 13.5 m milk cartons at Iceland , the supermarket chain .
Quentin Adams
Age at Disappearance : 40
Last Seen : Buying cigarettes in Banchory on 6 November 2008 .
Background :
The used - car salesman had been living with his sister , and left three children behind .
He disappeared without his mobile phone or passport .
Joyce Wells
Age at disappearance : 72
Last Seen : At her Bexhill home on 22 November 2008 .
Background : Joyce was about to visit her daughter but failed to make the trip .
She left personal effects , including her handbag , behind .
Luke Durbin
Age at Disappearance : 19
Last Seen : Luke was last seen early on 12 May 2006 after a night clubbing with friends in Ipswich .
Background : Luke had gone missing before , though only for one week and in that time he had remained in contact with his sister .
His mother has led the media campaign to locate him , appearing on TV appeals on numerous occasions .
Liz Chau
Age at Disappearance : 19
Last Seen : Walking to her home in West Ealing , London , 16 April 1999 .
Background : Liz , a student at Thames Valley University , went missing shortly after handing in coursework and meeting a friend for a drink .
Bernard Coomber
Age at disappearance : 54
Last Seen : Around 10 January 2008 , near his home in Kent .
Background : Struggled with unemployment .
' Missing ' status means Anne , his sister , cannot sell or let his house .
Robbie Carroll
Age at Disappearance : 40
Last Seen :
He disappeared from his home in Lincolnshire on 20 February 2006 .
Background : The Cambridge graduate , who specialised in Italian Renaissance literature , had appeared unwell , according to friends .
He was badly affected by the death of his mother .
Nicola Payne
Age at Disappearance : 18
Last Seen : Leaving her parents ' home in Coventry on 14 December 1991 .
Background : A family website carries messages .
A man was arrested in 2007 , but the case is still open .
James Nutley
Age at Disappearance : 25
Last Seen : In Tenby , 24 October 2004 .
Background : James was with around 20 other keen golfers on an annual trip to Tenby , West Wales .
He failed to return to their hotel after a night out with friends , and his driver 's licence was later found on the town 's South Beach .
Ruth Wilson
Age at Disappearance : 16
Last Seen : Leaving her home in Betchworth in November 1995 .
Background : Family raised alarm after she missed school ; it was found she took a taxi to an isolated beauty spot .
Andrew Dill
Age at Disappearance : 38
Last Seen : 28 April 2003 , at Hednesford train station , en route to his home in Birmingham .
Background : Andrew , a father of three , left no indication of his plans , but police have focused on Manchester , Wolverhampton and Cannock – as well as the Midlands area .
Paige Chivers
Age at Disappearance : 15
Last Seen : Leaving her Blackpool home , August 2007 .
Background : Paige left home with a packed bag .
Police have followed up sightings – and the possibility she may have joined a travelling fair .
Tags
To say that antipoverty programs in the United States are perverted may be an understatement .
When you take into account the loss of means - tested benefits ( e.g. , cash assistance , food stamps , housing subsidies , and health insurance ) , and the taxes that people pay on earned income , the return to working is essentially zero for those in the lower two quintiles of the income distribution .
For many of the working poor , the implicit marginal tax rate is greater than 100 percent .
The long - run consequence of undermining the positive incentive to work is , of course , the creation of an underclass acclimated to not working ; the supplement of cash and noncash benefits with income from crime and the underground economy ; and the government resorting to negative incentives such as mandatory work programs .
Below , I show the relationship between earned income and after - tax income plus subsidies for a hypothetical Virginia family of three , consisting of one adult and two minor children .
As you can see , the relationship is essentially flat from $ 0 to about $ 40,000 in earned income .
To see exactly what is happening , I developed the following chart .
It shows the implicit tax paid on the last $ 10,000 of earned income ( initially by comparison to the welfare grant and then by comparison to income less taxes plus subsidies ) .
At A , the marginal tax rate is quite high , essentially because of the generosity of the package of cash and noncash benefits provided to those on welfare .
At B , the marginal tax rate is relatively low (! ) because of the Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) .
From B to D , we ( or , rather , the working poor ) are in the Dead Zone , with implicit marginal tax rates mostly exceeding 100 percent .
How stupid and evil must our elected representatives be to do this to the working poor !
Actually , this being a democracy , there is nobody to blame but the electorate .
Especially the left - liberal do - gooders .
Since Milton Friedman developed the negative income tax , waaay back in the 1950s , there can be no excuse for any educated person to not be aware of the fact that taxes and means - tested benefits destroy the lower classes ' positive incentive to work .
At C , the implicit marginal tax rate is momentarily " only " 75 percent .
This is because , in the face of losing other means - tested benefits while the federal income tax kicks in , the children of the household still qualify for the State Children 's Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) .
The lull in the onslaught is momentary , however , ending as soon as that prop is removed from the household .
At D , the family is finally done with jumping through the hoops to qualify and remain qualified for the give - away programs .
Now all it has to concern itself with is paying taxes .
But there is no rest for the weary because , at E , the child tax credit phases out .
In the above scenario , I describe the effects of the tax and subsidy programs of the government with respect to a hypothetical family of three , consisting of one adult and two minors , with a focus on the working poor .
I could just as well have talked of a middle - class family with one or more children of college age , and how means - tested financial aid programs such as the Pell Grant and federally subsidized loans make fools of those who save for college ; or how Medicaid 's rules for nursing - home eligibility make those who save for retirement into fools ; or how bringing back the pre-Reagan tax rates will make utter fools of families in which the wife and husband both work .
Everywhere , the government 's desire ( meaning the left - liberal do - gooders ' desire ) to be generous to the poor is destroying the positive incentives to work and to save that are so necessary for a well - functioning economy .
What they have done to Detroit , and are doing to New Jersey , they will do to the entire country .
Chief Justice Marshall said , in McCulloch versus Maryland , " The power to tax is the power to destroy . "
At the time , he was talking about state taxation of the federally chartered Bank of the United States .
He did n't want the states to destroy the instrumentalities of the federal government or even the federal government itself through the power to tax .
When will we have a Supreme Court that forbids the federal government from using the power of taxation to destroy our entire country ?
Technical Notes Regarding Figures 1 and 2
Taxes
Social Security
Social Security tax is 7.65 percent of income up to a maximum of $ 108,000 .
I ignore the amounts paid by employers and the self - employed .
Federal Income Tax
The federal income tax ranges from 10 percent on taxable income up to $ 11,950 to 35 percent on taxable income above $ 372,950 .
Taxable income is calculated as income less personal exemptions ( $ 3,650 per person , phased out for households with incomes ranging from $ 208,500 to $ 331,500 ) and the standard deduction ( $ 8,350 ) .
The household is assumed to qualify for the child tax credit of up to $ 1,000 for each of its two children .
( This credit phases out for households with incomes ranging from $ 75,000 to $ 95,000 . )
State Income Tax
The Virginia state income tax is simply calculated as 5 percent of income .
This ignores the minor effects of the Virginia personal deduction , the standard deduction , and the initial brackets in which one pays less than 5 percent tax .
Subsidies
Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC )
The EITC provides a maximum annual benefit of $ 5,028 .
For qualifying households , the amount rises ( " phases in " ) with earned income up to $ 12,570 , is level ( " plateaus " ) from there to $ 16,420 , and falls ( " phases out " ) from there to $ 40,295 .
Food Stamps
Food stamps provide a maximum monthly benefit of $ 526 .
For qualifying households , the amount phases out between a monthly income of about $ 850 and a monthly income of about $ 2,450 .
Medicaid / SCHIP
Medicaid eligibility varies by state .
I assume households are eligible if their income is less than 133 percent of the federal poverty line .
If one is eligible , this program covers all medical expenses .
I assume the value of Medicaid coverage is $ 9,000 .
If a household is not eligible for Medicaid , members of it may still be eligible for SCHIP .
I assume that the children are eligible if household income is less than 200 percent of the federal poverty line , and that the value of this coverage is $ 6,000 .
" How stupid and evil must our elected representatives be to do this to the working poor ! "
For low - income families , being covered by Medicaid or SCHIP means workers can look for employment that emphasizes cash wages at the expense of employer - subsidized health insurance .
Section 8 Housing
Section 8 housing subsidies cover qualifying rent and utility expenses in excess of 30 percent of household income .
For low - income families , qualifying for section 8 housing means the household can look for housing comparable to what moderate - income families can afford .
Cash Assistance
Temporary Aid to Needy Families ( TANF ) , the successor to AFDC , is assumed to provide qualifying households with a cash grant of $ 395 per month .
It wo n’t be announced by the league until early December , but Kings officials have been told that Los Angeles will host the NHL Entry Draft next June .
It ’s still to be determined whether the event will be held at Staples Center or Nokia Center , but the dates will be June 25 - 26 .
By all accounts , it will be the same format , with the first round on Friday night and the rest on Saturday .
Give credit to Kyle Woodlief of the Red Line Report scouting newsletter for first mentioning this …
RAMALLAH , West Bank 
The collapse of the Palestinian Authority , Israel ’s negotiating partner , was raised as a possibility on Monday , as several aides to its president , Mahmoud Abbas , said that he intended to resign and forecast that others would follow .
“ I think he is realizing that he came all this way with the peace process in order to create a Palestinian state , but he sees no state coming , ” Saeb Erekat , the chief Palestinian peace negotiator , said in an interview .
“ So he really does n’t think there is a need to be president or to have an Authority .
This is not about who is going to replace him .
This is about our leaving our posts .
You think anybody will stay after he leaves ? ”
Mr. Abbas warned last week that he would not participate in Palestinian elections he called for , to take place in January .
But he has threatened several times before to resign , and many viewed this latest step as a ploy by a Hamlet - like leader upset over Israeli and American policy .
Many also noted that the vote might not actually be held , given the Palestinian political fracture and the unwillingness of Hamas , which controls Gaza , to participate .
In the days since , however , his colleagues have come to believe that he is not bluffing .
If that is the case , they say , the Palestinian Authority , which administers Palestinian affairs in the occupied West Bank and serves as a principal actor in peace negotiations with Israel , could be endangered .
The worm in the bud
I finally read Gillian Tett ’s Fools Gold , an account of the development of the derivatives industry centered on credit default swaps ( CDS ) and collateralised deposit obligation ( CDOs ) that collapsed so spectacularly last year .
The discussion is excellent , but still , I think , too charitable to these instruments and their creators .
Tett ’s main source is the group at JP Morgan who pioneered many of these derivatives and , largely , got out before the crash .
Their line , unsurprisingly , is that the problem was not with the concept as they developed , but its abuse by latecomers .
But a close reading of Tett ’s account yields a different story .
These innovations were defective from day one .
The crucial thing that made all these deals work was the so - called ‘ super - senior ’ tranche of debt that was supposed to be almost completely immune to failure ( until , of course , it failed ) .
This stuff was rated better than AAA , with the result that lots of banks were willing to carry it on their own books , using Enron - like special investment vehicles to skirt the Basel 2 requirements for capital adequacy .
The alternative was to find a supposedly risk - free backer , such as an insurance company ( AIG ) or that contradiction in terms , a “ monoline ” municipal bond insurer willing to diversify into insuring exotic derivatives ( Ambac and MBIA ) .
The JP Morgan crew were never comfortable carrying huge volumes of debt , even allegedly riskless debt on their own books , and that ’s why they ultimately left the field to others .
But according to Tett , the very first deal that was done involved transferring the super - senior debt to none other than AIG , whose threatened collapse forced the Fed into the trillion dollar bailout of 2008 .
So , the worm was in the bud – there never was a sound basis for the whole idea .
Another important implication is that , thanks to the massive size and complexity of modern financial markets , fundamentally defective innovations need not be weeded out quickly , and can grow to astronomical size before they are .
Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme is a straightforward illustration of this .
When it was exposed , quite a few commentators suggested that no one could run a Ponzi on this scale for nearly 20 years , as Madoff did .
The alternative explanation , which was shown to be baseless , was that Madoff must have initially run a speculative strategy , turning to a Ponzi only when that ran into difficulties .
This is one instance of a more general point emerging from discussion of the financial crisis .
As Felix Salmon observes , the extraordinary profitability of investment bank can most plausibly be explained by the hypothesis that risk is being shifted , without compensation , to someone else .
Salmon focuses on the case of ignorant buyers , sold products they do n’t understand .
But , as Arnold Kling observes , an equally important source of investment banking profits is regulatory arbitrage at the expense of governments , and , ultimately , the public at large .
There are two main ways these problems can be resolved .
To protect both ignorant buyers and the public , it would be necessary to regulate investment banks in the same way as other banks , and much more tightly than either was regulated pre-crisis .
In particular , the idea of letting Goldman Sachs get the protection of a commercial banking license while operating as an investment bank is an obvious example of the kind of regulatory arbitrage that needs to be stopped .
Properly done , regulation of this kind would kill off investment banking of the kind with which we are familiar .
The alternative is to assume that the buyers of investment bank products can look after themselves , and focus on protecting citizens from being made to repeat the bailout disasters of last year .
The only way to do this is to reinstitute a much tougher version of Glass - Steagall , raising high barriers to all kinds of transactions ( ownership , financing , joint venture ) between investment banks and the core financial system guaranteed by government .
Something of this kind will have to be done with respect to hedge funds and similar outfits if we are not to have a repeat of LTCM somewhere before long .
According to security services provide Secunia , a vulnerability in the free image editing tool GIMP ( GNU Image Manipulation Program ) can potentially be exploited to compromise a users system .
The vulnerability , rated by Secunia as moderately critical , occurs when processing specially crafted BMP images within the ReadImage ( ) function in plug - ins / file - bmp / bmp - read . c causing an integer overflow that can be exploited to cause a heap - based buffer overflow .
The overflow may allow an attacker to remotely execute code on a users system .
The vulnerability was discovered in the latest stable release , GIMP 2.6.7 from the 14th of August , 2009 .
Other versions may also be affected .
The developers have been advised of the problem and have addressed it in the GIT source code repository .
An official update , however , has yet to be released .
See also :
( crve )
Smb2 Negotiate Protocol Request Remote Bsod Demo
Description :
The attack is triggered by sending malformed SMB headers in the NEGOTIATE PROTOCOL REQUEST .
The NEGOTIATE PROTOCOL REQUEST is the first SMB query a client send to a SMB server , and it's used to identify the SMB dialect that will be used for futher communication .
The
Thanks to Matt Downer ( mattdowner [ ] gmail ) for creating and posting a wonderful demo of this bug to SecurityTube !
Laurent Gaffie was recently in the news for discovering SMB2.0 NEGOTIATE PROTOCOL REQUEST Remote B.S.O.D. vulnerability which affects Windows Vista , Server 2008 < R2 and 7 RC .
The attack is triggered by sending malformed SMB headers in the NEGOTIATE PROTOCOL REQUEST .
The NEGOTIATE PROTOCOL REQUEST is the first SMB query a client send to a SMB server , and it's used to identify the SMB dialect that will be used for futher communication .
The exploit code and more details can be found on Laurent 's blog .
Looks like the guys at Microsoft forgot to use a fuzzer to test their SMB protocol implementation :) or maybe they have n't heard of fuzzers yet ;)
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Universal Compatibility – Support Android tablets and cellphones , Windows phones and other devices with Micro USB port
Fast Charge & Sync- Charge 7 % faster and sync at speeds of up to 480 M bps through wide diameter 28 / 21 AWG data and power wires
Superb Durability – 4000 + bend without any damage or change in performance , pet and tangle free with nylon jacket design
Convenient 6FT – Extra long 6ft length , convenient to use at home , office and car
Warranty Policy – 12 - month guarantee , worry - free and 100 % MONEY BACK on quality issues
Multi-use
6ft long to enable the ultimate convenience to bed / couch / balcony / backseat of your car .
3 pack package allows you to use at home , office , car and on trip .
High Speed Charge&Sync
Charge 7 % faster than most standard cables and sync at speeds of up to 480 M bps through wide diameter 28 / 21 AWG data and power wires .
Incredible Durability
5000 + bend without any damage or change in performance .
Pet and tangle free with nylon jacket design .
Universal Compatibility
Samsung Galaxy Smartphones .
Android Phones from other Manufacturers like Motorola , Huawei , Google , Blackberry , Kyocera , LG & HTC .
Most Android Tablets like the Samsung Tabs and the Amazon Fire .
PS4 & Xbox Controllers , Power Banks or Portable Batteries , Portable or Bluetooth Speakers .
MP3 Players , Digital Cameras and Camcorders .
Any other device that charges through a micro usb cable .
Worry - Free Warranty
12 - month warranty , 100 % MONEY BACK GUARANTEE on quality issue
…. Read More ….
Low Price [ wpramaprice asin= ” B071JTGVZZ ” ]
Price correct as of
Price correct as of
Buy with confidence from Amazon
Disclaimer :
This website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program , an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com or amazon.co.uk .
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com , Inc. or its affiliates .
There has always been in American foreign policy circles a virus called arrogance , caused by the hereditary assumption that Americans know better than others .
Surprisingly , this does not always prove the case , but the condition seems highly resistant to treatment , even by experience .
There seems a high probability that the disease has struck Obama administration policy circles dealing with Pakistan .
( We will leave aside the case of American relations with Afghanistan . )
This administration came to office with a conviction that the Afghanistan problem is a problem because it actually is a Pakistan problem , Pakistan being a large country possessing nuclear weapons and a great many Pashtuns , who are the people from whom Taliban are recruited .
Afghanistan is a country with one - sixth Pakistan ’s population , with a great many Pashtuns too , harboring only a 100 or so members of al - Qaida ( if we are to believe the American national security adviser , Gen. James Jones ) whereas popular opinion in Washington is that Pakistan is rife with them , and the country on its way to becoming a “ breeding ground ” for terrorists who wish to invade the West , blow it up with nuclear weapons obtained from Pakistani stocks , and establish a new global terrorist caliphate amid the ruins .
It is unknown whether Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , visiting Pakistan this week , shares so alarmed a view , but she will hear a lot about the damage American pressures are doing to Pakistan , and how fearful the Pakistan populace is , not of the Taliban and al - Qaida , but of the United States .
According to a New York Times article this week , from Jane Perlez in Islamabad , the new fighting there against Islamists “ has pleased the Americans , but it left large parts of Pakistan under siege , as militants once sequestered in the country ’s tribal areas take their war to Pakistan ’s cities .
Many Pakistanis blame the United States for the country ’s rising instability . ”
A recent and serious poll found that 11 percent of the Pakistani respondents say that al - Qaida is the greatest threat to Pakistan today , 18 percent said India , and 59 percent said the United States .
This was in August , before the most recent offensives of the Pakistan army against the Islamists in Waziristan and the Swat Valley , and the retaliatory city bombings that subsequently have taken place .
A vocal part of the Pakistan population clearly does n’t want the United States in the country , and it does n’t even want the aid the United States is sending .
A notorious fact in the past has been that civilian and popular opposition to the U.S. was based on the assumption that American aid was meant to keep military governments in place and buy military cooperation with American policy .
This time , it ’s the Pakistani army that does n’t want the $ 7.5 - billion aid package that the Obama administration has put together ; the aid is denounced as meant to interfere in the country ’s internal affairs — as indeed it is .
The civilian government of President Asif Ali Zardari , generally thought to be put in place by Washington , “ is seen as slavishly pro-American ( as well ) as unable to cope ” with the current situation .
( I am again quoting Jane Perlez . )
The country ’s interior minister was hit with stones by students when he visited the International Islamic University last week , and in retaliation the government closed all the schools and universities in Punjab , the most populous province ( supposed to reopen Monday , Oct. 26 ) , “ a move that affected Pakistani families like never before . ”
To judge from the public statements of Obama counselors , Pakistan is seen as the great danger in the region , with erratic politics and nuclear weapons — and an active Islamist revolt thereby having the potential to create ( according to Obama ’s adviser Bruce Riedel ) , “ the most serious threat to the United States since the end of the cold war . ”
This would seem why the U.S. wants a government under its thumb to compel the army to fight the Islamists on their home territory even if this alienates the army and sows hatred of America .
Is it not possible to allow Pakistan , which has a solid civil service and an excellent army , to act in defense of its own security rather than let the U.S. impose its own ideas ?
Is it not imaginable that they know better than the Americans ?
Would Americans appreciate a Pakistan army installed in Washington , instructing the United States in how to conduct its own foreign policy in ways that suit Pakistan ’s national interests ?
Visit William Pfaff ’s Web site at www.williampfaff.com.
Oklahoma City ’s own " Queen of Rockabilly ” was on her way to Nashville on Friday to meet in a recording studio with one of the crowned heads of alternative rock .
Newly inducted Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Wanda Jackson is set to record an album produced by Jack White of the White Stripes , The Oklahoman has learned .
" One of the biggest stars on the planet I guess right now , ” she said of White during a phone interview Friday from Denver International Airport , where she was waiting for a flight connection .
The Maud native , 72 , was a young country and gospel artist who began singing rockabilly in the 1950s on the advice of her mentor and one - time boyfriend , Elvis Presley .
White , 34 , is a Detroit native who founded the White Stripes in 1997 with then - wife Meg White .
The duo ’s raw , stripped - down garage band sound made them modern rock sensations in the 2000s with albums such as " De Stijl , ” " White Blood Cells ” and " Elephant , ” and a big hit single , " Seven Nation Army . ”
White also fronts two other alternative rock bands , the Raconteurs and the Dead Weather .
A collaboration between two artists of such differing styles and backgrounds might seem unlikely , but White is known to dabble in many genres , having produced country legend Loretta Lynn ’s critically lauded 2004 album , " Van Lear Rose . ”
" They had a super album , but he did n’t have her do anything different , you know , ” Jackson said .
" She just did her little Loretta Lynn songs .
But he told me he ’s gonna stretch me some , so we ’ll see .
We ’ll talk later . ”
This is n’t Jackson ’s first association with new - generation rockers , having worked with Dave Alvin , The Cramps , Rosie Flores , Lee Rocker , the Cadillac Angels and another Elvis — last name Costello — on her 2003 comeback album , " Heart Trouble . ”
Costello , in fact , was one of the stars who championed Jackson ’s induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland , which finally took place in April .
Jackson said she was introduced to White through her Web site manager , Jon Hensley , who had told her White was a big fan of her music .
Initially , Jackson and White will record a single for digital release before completing an album .
While visiting Kruger National Park with my son , we came across two male hippos battling for dominance as we crossed a bridge over the Sabie River .
The bellowing from the animals as they fought their bloody battle was incredible .
They first fought in the shallows near the bank and then moved into the deeper part of the river .
We do n't know how it turned out but we were so glad to see the spectacle .
( Photo and caption by Steve Mandel ) #
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Seven Pakistanis accused of planning last year ’s attacks in Mumbai , India , were formally charged Wednesday , the eve of the first anniversary of the assault .
The attacks left 163 people dead and have become a major sticking point in relations between India and Pakistan .
Charges against the suspects had been expected since February , when Pakistan said it was holding several men and acknowledged for the first time that the attacks had been planned in Pakistan .
But months of postponements and legal hearings followed , delaying the indictments until Wednesday .
The seven include the man suspected of being the operation ’s organizer , Zaki ur - Rehman Lakhvi , the commander of the Pakistani militant group Lashkar - e - Taiba ; Hammad Amin Sadiq , who is accused of coordinating the financing ; and Zarar Shah , described as a computer and networks expert .
All pleaded not guilty , according to a defense lawyer .
But Pakistan has said it does not have enough evidence to charge the man Indian and Western officials have accused of masterminding the attacks : Hafiz Muhammad Saeed , one of the main founders of Lashkar - e - Taiba .
By Nick Higham
Today programme
For an actor , the performance conditions were n't exactly ideal : flat on her back in a large machine , under strict instructions to lie as still as possible , speaking in short bursts interspersed with the shrill sound of a magnetic resonance imaging scanner .
But last week Fiona Shaw , one of Britain 's leading actresses - who has in her time played everything from the tragic heroine Medea to Shakespeare 's Richard II - volunteered in the cause of science to spend an hour having her brain scanned while " acting " .
Fiona
Shaw 's brain appears to be adapted to acting Professor Sophie Scott of the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience at University College London wanted to know what happens physically in an actor 's head when they pretend to be someone else .
She hoped that scanning Fiona 's brain in action would be able to tell us .
The scanner works by measuring blood flow to different parts of the brain .
The harder a part is working , the more blood flows into it .
The parts of the brain that control speech are well known : what Prof Scott wanted to know was whether other parts of the brain would also " light up " when actors speak in character rather than as themselves .
The results of the experiment will be on display as part of the Wellcome Collection 's new exhibition on identity .
Prof Scott , who is also a Wellcome senior fellow , says our speech and the way we use language are important components of our identity - and one of the ways actors seek to convince their audience that they are another person is of course by changing their voice .
For the experiment , Fiona Shaw performed snatches of T S Eliot 's poem The Waste Land .
( Appropriately enough , given the circumstances , Eliot 's original title for the poem was He Do the Police in Different Voices . )
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The poem 's second section , A Game at Chess , includes a dialogue between a married couple , and a passage in which a Cockney woman gossips in a pub near closing , interrupted by the voice of the landlord shouting " Hurry up please it 's time ! " .
The text was cut up into sections lasting just a few seconds each .
Fiona read them in character , then stopped while the machine scanned her brain .
Then she'd do some counting , so the machine could register what her brain was doing when she was merely speaking ; and then she'd do nothing , so the machine could scan her brain at rest .
Fiona
Shaw herself says that when performing she uses visual images to help conjure up a character .
And sure enough , when the results of the scan were analysed , several parts of her brain were " recruited " to help with her performance beyond those employed when she was speaking neutrally .
One of the accompanying animations shows , in green , the three main parts of her brain which Fiona used when she was simply counting : they are the part which controls the movement of the lips and tongue , the part associated with hearing and a third part involved in planning what she was going to say .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The second animation shows the parts , in yellow , which she also employed when " performing " .
Towards the front of the brain there is a part associated with " higher order " control of behaviour .
Towards the top of the brain is a section which controls the movement of the hands and arms - even though she was n't waving her arms about , she was apparently thinking about doing so .
And towards the back of the head is an area associated with complex visual imagery , even though she was n't performing a complex visual task .
The scan backs up work Sophie Scott has done with professional impressionists , whose brains also conjure up visual images of the people they 're imitating .
What 's significant is that a serious actor uses the same technique , even when she 's not trying to imitate a real person .
Quite what all this tells us about our identity I 'm not so sure .
Perhaps it 's just this : that convincing people you 're someone you 're not by changing your voice is hard work - a lot harder than simply being yourself .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Calculate the impact of your travel , home and shopping habits with our simple carbon footprint calculator . •
Find out more about the calculator 's methodology •
Get some quick tips on reducing your footprint
[ comment ]
By the time Sir Winston Churchill became a British premier for a second time in 1951 , he was already a legend .
He rose from the First Lord of Admiralty in the First World War to the helm of Her Majesty 's Government during the Second World War , leading Britain to victory against the Axis powers .
From his many positions of power , he bore witness not only to the fall of kings and queens , but the demise of empires , dynasties and states .
Other prime ministers , especially those of dusty capitals in his colonial backyard , were mere pawns on his chessboard .
In fact , as some historians have noted , Churchill failed to list the coup against Mohammad Mossadegh among his many achievements .
For him 1953 was a footnote in a long and distinguished career and men of his stature did not need to concern themselves with such trifling affairs of state .
But what seemed like a minor event to get rid of a trouble - maker in a Third World country , transformed the politics of the Middle East , and indeed much of the world .
That footnote became a page in history , the page a chapter , and the chapter is now a book , or a volume in an expanding series .
Britain and the United States certainly secured their interest in Iranian oil in the short run .
However , in just two short decades , those interests were challenged in a most unexpected way .
A Revolution in Iran changed the game , and the rules of the game .
And even 30 years after that political earthquake and a half a century after that little coup , everyone keeps circling back to it .
In a nutshell , things probably would have looked a lot different today had the West not been so myopic , an unfortunate state it continues to suffer from .
Even though we saw how significant an insignificant event can become in the course of history , no one here seems to heed its lesson today .
World powers are making the same mistake .
In Washington , many are fixated on the nuclear talks and once again blinded by their short - term interests .
They tout their " national interest " over their real " national interest " in the long run : a democratic and peace - seeking Iran .
They seem to be prepared to compromise any principle of human rights to reach an agreement .
Washington 's obsession with negotiating with Iran on the nuclear issue has also created a hazardous atmosphere .
First , it 's still a barrier to reaching an understanding with the Iranian government in any other matter .
It has been used as an excuse to deny any openings to the Iranian private sector , to limit academic exchange and to discourage any other meaningful relationship with Iran or Iranians .
Second , the hope to reach an agreement has muddled the facts and encouraged others to turn a blind eye to a monumental shift in Iranian society .
The Western power 's chief mistake is downplaying the significance of the Green Movement .
Rather than recognizing its achievements , everyone here seems all too eager to write its obituary .
Sadly , many Westerner observers prefer to see it as another failed chapter in the long story of social discontent in Iran .
The recent protests are being used to remind Tehran of their domestic vulnerabilities and the benefits of reaching a compromise ( all safe options that do not obligate anyone to do anything else ) .
Many Iranians find this approach despicable and deceitful .
They do not consider the events of the last summer and the ongoing stream of demonstrations as another closed chapter .
In Iran , many genuinely believe that they have succeeded in turning over a new page and see it as the start of a new era .
As an eyewitness of Tehran 's protests told me , " Looking at those thousands of people marching in silence with their hands in the air showing the sign of peace , I felt another Iran was being born .
I felt a respect and a pride that I never ever felt in my life before . "
This is something we all felt there .
In this new era , Iranians are demanding real change .
And they are determined to have it peacefully and gradually because a majority of them wish to avoid violence and bloodshed .
They do not wish to replace a religious dictatorship with another form of it , secular as it may be .
Such a process requires time , great tact and patience .
An Iranian student who recently arrived in Los Angeles found the attitude of many bystanders mind - boggling and far removed from the reality in Iran .
" My classmates and Iranian American friends talk of Gandhi and in the same breath complain about how things stopped in Tehran ! " he told me .
" Are they crazy ?
It took Gandhi 30 years to dislodge the British from India .
Ghandi had to find new strategies and tactics .
He had to come back at them again and again .
He had to go back to prison again and again . "
It seems that many on the sidelines expected events in Iran to unfold like a 90 - minute Hollywood movie , where bullets always miss the good guys and the bad guys are easily beaten .
The current situation resembles 1953 in another way .
Back then , the communist threat in Iran was exaggerated to the extent that many willingly sacrificed Iran 's fledgling democracy to prevent a threat that had not existed in the first place .
The nuclear issue is being played in the same way .
Its exaggerated significance has come to dominate the discourse in many Western capitals .
This time around , it 's Iran 's young innocent Green Movement that is to be sacrificed for an accomplishment that in the course of history may not even amount to a footnote .
A nuclear deal must be reached ; negotiations have their place , but not at any price and certainly not at the expense of the Iranian people .
Copyright © 2009 Tehran Bureau
Early in the film Examined Life , literary theorist Avital Ronell asks the director Astra Taylor , " What are you getting me into here ? "
A pertinent question , because Taylor 's new documentary makes for a grim outline : eight philosophers talking for 10 minutes each on anything from theories of justice to cosmopolitanism .
The nearest we get to a car chase is a long , sweaty drive in an old Volvo to a lecture hall .
What it is , however , is an enjoyable experiment : moral philosophy – the motion picture .
After all , your multiplex is more likely to show scenes of teenage devil worship than someone thinking .
Film - makers have good reasons to avoid contemplation .
For one thing , it is not a pretty business .
As Oscar Wilde observed : " The moment one sits down to think , one becomes all nose , or all forehead , or something horrid . "
That is less of a worry with Taylor 's cast who , as American academics , are far better groomed than any troll to be found among the Bodleian library 's stacks .
But , more importantly , a medium of moving images will always struggle to depict thought , which often leaves film - makers inventing eureka moments .
Think of that scene in Good Will Hunting where Matt Damon and his maths professor ecstatically scrawl on a blackboard .
Not only does Taylor avoid such hokiness , she also sidesteps the other elephant trap for documentaries of being too reverential towards their subjects .
Each philosopher is presented without biography or bibliography , and filmed in transit – walking or rowing , and always , always talking .
The result is often exuberant .
Slavoj Zizek – the world 's first known cross between a Lacanian theorist and a grizzly bear – patrols a giant south London refuse centre and barks , " This is where we should start feeling at home , " before blasting ecologists for their " conservative " notions of the environment .
As for the deconstructionist Ronell , she was right to be concerned .
Teenagers who saw the crew filming in their park began chucking bottles .
Yet the theorist was unruffled , reports Taylor : " She just said they reminded her of her students . "
" Has the era of the dark pool come to an end ? "
Thus begins the Traders Magazine cover article " End of the Line ?
SEC Targets Dark Pools and Off - Board Trading " , which deconstructs all the incipient issues , criticisms and concerns facing the utterly discredited Mary Schapiro who is hell bent on getting at least one thing right during her career at the SEC , before she is brushed off as even less effective than her arguably much worse predecessor Chris Cox .
From the article ( all highlights ours ) :
The Securities and Exchange Commission , spurred on by concern about two - tiered markets as well as criticism that it is not doing enough to level the playing field for ordinary investors , is expected to propose new rules this fall that could reduce the amount of trading done away from the public markets .
Sources tell Traders Magazine they believe the SEC will issue both an outright rule proposal as well as a " concept release " outlining possible changes to the way broker - dealers operate their dark pools .
The SEC 's concern is that too much volume is being done away from exchanges and electronic communication networks , and within the four walls of individual broker - dealers .
That could hurt price discovery .
In addition , allowing that to happen is seen , by some , as bad public policy because it short - changes those traders placing limit orders in the public markets and could hamper investors seeking the best available prices .
Currently , about 22 percent of all share volume is done off - board , including volume executed in dark pools .
Whether that figure is too high for the SEC is not known .
Any new rule proposal or concept release is likely to kick off a debate about how much volume , and what kind of volume , can acceptably be done away from the displayed markets without impacting price discovery .
Zero Hedge disclosed yesterday that just Goldman 's SIGMA order routing system does roughly the same amount of trades daily as the entire NYSE .
And here is what the dire scenario for dark pool operators may very soon look like , if their worst fears become reality :
Imagine this scenario unfolding over the course of the next year :
The SEC drops the threshold for dark pools to publicly display quotes and provide fair access from 5 percent to , say , 1 or 2 percent .
It redefines dark pools , knocking out of commission those that are pure internalization engines for market makers .
Automated indications of interest that zip around between dark pools and from dark pools to trading centers or other venues must be publicly quoted if the ATS triggers display requirements .
All dark pools must count executions the same way and reveal more information about their trading activity after a suitable time delay , enabling broker - dealers to know how much of the market in particular securities is trading in particular ATSs .
And finally , to continue the speculation , the trade - through rule gets a major tune - up that prevents dark pools ( and possibly upstairs desks ) from trading at the market 's best price by simply matching that price .
Instead , those pools would be required to take out the available displayed liquidity at the national best bid or offer before trading at that price .
This is truly a gloomy outlook for dark pools , as it effectively eliminates virtually all the benefits of dark liquidity aggregation and dissemination ( to select insiders ) .
As for the last point on taking out displayed liquidity at the NBBO , a topic first presented by Zero Hedge two months ago when we highlighted certain investment bank 's concerns on the issue , this would be likely a critical first step to reestablishing open exchanges as true transactional venues , and potentially redeem some of the concerns that the investing public has had about increasingly nebulous market transparency and liquidity migrating to ATS venues .
And for once , it would appear that the SEC actually may mean business .
Whether this is due to extensive lobbying efforts on behalf of certain exchanges is still unknown , but currently investigated by Zero Hedge staff .
The scope of what the SEC is considering is radical .
Robert Greifeld , CEO of Nasdaq OMX Group , has referred to the prospect of change as " Reg NMS 2 . "
He told analysts last month : " As we go into a period of time where there 'll be renewed market structure discussions - - it 'll be Reg NMS 2 -- we have to make sure we take a comprehensive look at what 's transpiring in the markets . "
Greifeld himself is n't above stoking the fires .
In a July letter to SEC Chairman Schapiro , Greifeld said his company " is concerned that the securities industry appears willing to accept more and more ' darkness ' and limits on the availability of order information . "
He added that the goal should be " to eliminate any order types or market structure policies that do not contribute to public price formation and market transparency . "
He then laid out his wish list : " This would include not only flash orders , but the increasing use of ' dark pools , ' internalization , and other venues in which the public is not permitted to participate fully . "
Lawrence Leibowitz , head of U.S. execution and global technology at NYSE Euronext , laid the ground for those comments in a May speech when he said , " I think it 's a good time ... to just revisit ATS and order - handling practices . "
He noted that while the equities markets held up extremely well throughout the financial crisis , " Our market structure has gone astray . "
For exchanges , any rule - making that curtails off - board trading , and limits the ability of broker - dealers to internalize order flow through dark pools , is likely to benefit their markets .
" Some level of liquidity is necessary for healthy price formation and a robust displayed limit market , said Joe Ratterman , CEO of BATS Global Markets , which operates BATS Exchange .
" The SEC does n't want information to get opaque again , transparency to disappear and have everybody trading in their secret little corners . "
Yet no story would be complete without Goldman Sachs chiming in :
The operator of one dark pool is mixed about how much new regulation is necessary .
" We think there are order - routing practices and other gaps that need to be closed , " said Greg Tusar , head of U.S. electronic trading at Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing .
" But the market is as competitive as it's ever been , spreads are narrow , and transaction costs broadly have been in decline for years .
That 's benefited retail and institutional investors alike . "
He stressed that Goldman Sachs " does n't believe that a massive reform is necessary and we 'd caution against that . "
Of course he would .
After all Goldman broadly is at the nexus of not just open and dark trading venues , but is the monopoly provider of all client - facing and PB products that allow Goldman to have not just an unprecedented flow , but also a proprietary , informational advantage .
And just in case there is any confusion which particular subset of the dark pool debate Goldman is leaning toward , let us remind readers that Goldman belongs to the " group [ that ] seeks to cross customer flow or enable internal desks or other liquidity providers to trade against that flow at the market 's best price .
A lot of traditional buyside flow comes to these pools through algorithms .
Trades of the large - order variety typically go off at the midpoint of the national best bid and offer , while executions in big brokers ' pools are often done at the best bid or offer , particularly for high - volume , penny - wide stocks .
It is these pools that are likely to suffer the most if the harsher of any new rules come to pass .
"
One wonders how long before Goldman 's Hedge Fund devision , pardon , proprietary trading , is mandated to disclose their own P&L statement , instead of continuously commingling it with broader custoemr flow traffic .
1 % Thresholds and Actionable IOIs
Two primary action items facing the SEC are decision on reducing the ATS display threshold ( currently at 5 % ) and whether to contain information leakage signals , aka Actionable IOIs , for those ATS that do hit the threshold .
Curiously , only three key dark pool vendors would be impacted by a threshold reduction decision : Credit Suisse , GETCO and ....
Goldman Sachs :
The 5 percent threshold , according to industry sources at broker - dealers and elsewhere , could be pared down to 1 or 2 percent .
Others say 2.5 percent is more likely .
That could happen in rule - making this year , or it could be part of a concept release that would kick the decision down the road .
Dropping the threshold to 1 percent would affect executions in many pools .
Credit Suisse's CrossFinder , Goldman Sachs ' Sigma X and Getco Execution Services are the only ATSs publishing volume figures that had more than 1 percent of consolidated volume in the last several months , according to Rosenblatt Securities .
In individual securities , however , those ATSs as well as many others could easily account for a much higher share of consolidated volume .
It would appear threshold reduction is virtually a done deal at the moment :
Lindsey , the former SEC regulator , thinks that lowering the threshold is a good idea .
" Reg ATS was meant to allow new technologies to be developed , not for people to fly under the radar , " he said .
" So lowering the threshold would make sense from that standpoint . "
How about the dark pool rough equivalent of Flash Orders :
Orders in dark pools typically sit and wait for executions .
However , some pools send out messages to other venues to rustle up contra -side liquidity .
There has been uncertainty in the industry for a couple of years about whether these automated IOIs and other messages are actually quotes .
That uncertainty is ending .
James Brigagliano , co-acting director of the SEC's Division of Trading and Markets , has described IOIs that can be immediately hit or lifted as " actionable order messages " and has suggested that more specificity on this subject is coming this fall .
Actionable order messages would have to be publicly quoted if a dark pool hits the ATS display threshold .
Why is this practically at the core of the issue ?
Dark pools , of course , are built around the assumption that order flow wo n't be displayed , since doing so would expose the intentions of participants .
Even if dark pools are executing small - size flow , displaying that information could cause customers to yank their orders and redirect them elsewhere .
Trying to avoid triggering the display requirements would mean less liquidity and therefore less growth for dark pools .
Lastly , regulators are focusing on the issue of trading through the NBBO , and protecting displayed liquidity over non-displayed , which in essence is the primary way that dark pools game open exchanges :
At a market structure conference sponsored by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association in May , David Shillman , an associate director in the SEC's Division of Trading and Markets , observed that the Commission is now looking at a range of issues regarding off - board trading .
" From a policy perspective , we are looking at whether we should take further steps to encourage displayed liquidity and see if dark interest is subverting the price discovery process , " he said .
" We would include both traditional market - maker internalization and dark pool activity in that analysis . "
Shillman went on to raise the possibility of altering the trade - through rule in Reg NMS to encourage the display of more limit orders .
He said the SEC may consider a prohibition on trading at the national best bid or offer unless the price - setting interest is first executed .
Right now , firms can match the NBBO and execute at that price level without having to execute against displayed liquidity .
The ability to " quote - match " enables dark pools , upstairs desks and wholesalers to execute at the best price by simply matching that price .
A trade - at prohibition would require firms to execute the liquidity available at the NBBO first , before trading at that price .
If they did n't want to do that , broker - dealers could offer customers price improvement .
A prohibition on trading at the NBBO would cause dark pool volume to capsize .
" The SEC has talked about the possibility that maybe dark pools should n't be allowed to match the price displayed in the displayed markets , " White Cap 's Selway said .
" That would be a big change , since it would hold dark pools to higher standards , and possibly end the practice of dealer internalization via dark pool . "
Selway , however , thinks a trade - at prohibition is unlikely , especially if current industry discussions turn into a bigger debate about the value of internalization ...
" It 's bad market structure to preference dark liquidity that does n't improve on the spread , " said Kim Bang , CEO of Bloomberg Tradebook , an ECN and broker - dealer .
" In my opinion , we should prioritize those investors who choose to display their interest . "
Yet not everyone , of course , is a fan of demolishing the market 's two tiered structure :
Ratterman of BATS , however , does n't like the idea of a trade - at prohibition for dark pools , even though dark pools siphon off liquidity from the displayed markets .
" That uses a big fat sledgehammer of regulation to make it look like you can operate a dark book , [ while ] really making it , regulation - wise , so painful you stop trying , " he said .
" I think that limits functionality . "
He 'd rather investors have more choice .
As the summer draws to a close , with just one market landscape casualty so far in the face of Flash Orders , the regulatory fall ( no pun intended ) is just starting .
How and what the final outcome of the SEC will be on this next thorny issue of Dark Pools will in many ways determine the layout of the market for the next decade , and with it , the potential ever increasing monopoly presence of certain key players .
While it is certain that Mary Schapiro will ultimately make a spate of bad ( or worse ) decisions , it is not too late for Christine Varney to finally start looking at these matters .
Sooner or later she , and her anti-trust colleagues , will be thrust into this debate , voluntarily or not , and long after any proactive attempts to moderate it will have been long extinguished .
Hopefully , complete investor trust does not extinguish alongside the SEC 's continuing incompetence in all matters in which it is supposed to provide an expert and unbiased opinion .
Fun stuff that I have done in and around NJ .
Also many of the funny emails that folks have sent me .
The Liberal Party is in turmoil with the resignations of five frontbenchers from their portfolios this afternoon in protest against the emissions trading scheme .
Tony Abbott , Sophie Mirabella , Tony Smith and Senators Nick Minchin and Eric Abetz have all quit their portfolios because they cannot vote for the legislation .
Senate whip Stephen Parry has also relinquished his position .
The mass resignations will put huge pressure on Malcolm Turnbull 's leadership after only just surviving a push for a spill yesterday .
The party whip had earlier instructed MPs and Senators not to leave the building but it is understood they have now been released .
The resignations began this afternoon after Mr Abbott and Senator Minchin confronted Mr Turnbull , urging him to put off a vote on the scheme until February .
Mr Turnbull refused so Mr Abbott handed in his resignation .
" This is a very difficult decision for me .
I 've always regarded myself as a very loyal party man , " he said .
Mr Abbott has confirmed he will not challenge Mr Turnbull for the leadership .
But when asked if he would stand if the position became vacant he replied : " I can't say what might happen in the future but as far as I 'm concerned this is a matter about policy . "
Mr Abbott says he urged Mr Turnbull to reconsider his position after being inundated with calls and emails from voters .
" The phone lines have been in meltdown with people saying that the Liberal Party would not be doing its job as an Opposition simply to pass this thing without the scrutiny that people calling my office think it demands , " he said .
After Mr Abbott announced his resignation , news that the other four had also quit quickly followed .
The party 's emissions trading spokesman , Ian Macfarlane , is now in Mr Turnbull 's office .
As the revolt unfolds in Parliament House sources say the Government has offered to gag debate on the ETS legislation , which is now underway , in order to bring on a vote .
It is understood that the offer is being considered but it is thought such a move would be unlikely to succeed .
Special meeting
The Senate is due to sit until Monday to vote on the scheme and Senators Minchin , Abetz and Parry say they will stay in their positions until then .
A special meeting of Liberal senators is now under way .
The Opposition 's spokeswoman for early childhood and women , Ms Mirabella , says she also cannot support the scheme .
She says she decided to resign after the party room meeting on the ETS legislation " left a bitter taste in my mouth " .
" It 's not a decision that you take lightly , " she told Sky News .
But Ms Mirabella denies the mass resignations essentially amount to a desertion of Mr Turnbull .
" It 's not a matter of desertion .
It 's a matter of not being able to vote for bills that are so bad under any measurement , " she said .
And she conceded she has never witnessed such extraordinary scenes during her time in Parliament .
" Quite frankly I hope not to experience another week like this , " she said .
Yesterday Senators Mitch Fifield , Mathias Cormann and Brett Mason also offered to resign from their frontbench positions .
As Marines train to deploy to war zones , there is daily discussion about how to detect and disarm the buried roadside bombs that are the No. 1 killer of Marines in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Military researchers have found that two groups of personnel are particularly good at spotting anomalies : those with hunting backgrounds , who traipsed through the woods as youths looking to bag a deer or turkey ; and those who grew up in tough urban neighborhoods , where it is often important to know what gang controls which block .
Personnel who fit neither category , often young men who grew up in the suburbs and developed a liking for video games , do not seem to have the depth perception and peripheral vision of the others , even if their eyesight is 20/20 .
The findings do not surprise Army Sgt. Maj .
Todd Burnett , the top enlisted man with the Pentagon - based Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , or JIEDDO , which conducted the study .
He ’s made multiple deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan and ridden in more than 1,000 convoys and , on 19 occasions , been in a vehicle hit by a roadside bomb .
Advertisement
The best troops he ’s ever seen when it comes to spotting bombs were soldiers from the South Carolina National Guard , nearly all with rural backgrounds that included hunting .
“ They just seemed to pick up things much better , ” Burnett said .
“ They know how to look at the entire environment . ”
Troops from urban backgrounds also seemed to have developed an innate “ threat - assessment ” ability .
Both groups , said Army research psychologist Steve Burnett , “ seem very adaptable to the kinds of environments ” seen in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Video game enthusiasts are narrower in their focus , as if the windshield of their Humvee is a computer screen .
“ The gamers are very focused on the screen rather than the whole surrounding , ” said Sgt. Maj .
Burnett ( no relation to the research psychologist ) .
Advertisement
About 800 military personnel at Twentynine Palms and several other bases took part in a complex set of vision and perception tests , follow - up interviews and personality tests .
Test subjects were asked to find hidden bombs in pictures , videos , virtual reality exercises and open - air obstacle courses , including on pitch - dark nights .
Although many of the findings remain classified -- lest the enemy discover what the U.S. has learned about its methods of burying and detonating the devices -- military officials agreed to discuss the eyesight portion of the study .
The study was completed in June , and its results are being circulated for peer review to researchers with security clearances .
It took 18 months to carry out and cost $ 5.4 million .
After eight years of war and billions of dollars spent on electronic detection , the best technology for spotting improvised explosive devices , or IEDs , remains the sharp - eyed Marine , soldier or sailor .
Advertisement
Of the bombs spotted before they could kill or maim , an estimated 90 % were detected by someone , for instance , sensing something amiss along a dusty roadside in the southern Afghan province of Helmand or a crowded street in the western Iraqi city of Fallouja .
The insurgents ’ use of roadside bombs has become a kind of war - within - a - war .
Insurgents have improved their tactics for placing , hiding and exploding their bombs ; the U.S. has become better at spotting and defusing them .
In Afghanistan , there have been fewer roadside bombs than in Iraq but they are more powerful .
“ When they come after you , they come with their ‘ A ’ game , ” said Marine Corps Staff Sgt. Stephen Gouak , who has deployed as a demolition expert to Iraq and Afghanistan .
“ They do n’t seem to have the resources to waste like the Iraqis . ”
Advertisement
Marines preparing for deployment are put through realistic scenarios to sharpen their skills at finding bombs buried in a roadside or spotting bomb ingredients inside a messy home .
To add to the realism , furniture and rugs and household goods seized in Iraq have been brought here to create a mock village .
Marines are taught how to use robots to defuse bombs .
Battalions that go to the mountain warfare training center at Bridgeport , Calif. , in the eastern Sierra are sent on a 68 - mile overland convoy route to the Hawthorne Army Depot in Nevada .
Along the route are simulated bombs and Marines playing the part of insurgents , attacking from ambush and firing AK - 47s .
At Twentynine Palms , a program is being developed to tutor troops in the characteristics of the many varieties of improvised explosive devices used in Afghanistan .
In a country with few paved roads , U.S. vehicles are forced to drive over dirt and sandy paths where bombs are easily buried .
Gouak and other instructors at the explosive ordnance disposal school here were not involved in the JIEDDO study .
But they are not surprised to learn that rural and urban backgrounds are common characteristics of good bomb - hunters .
Advertisement
“ Let ’s be honest : That ’s a big percentage of the Marine Corps .
You do n’t get Harvard graduates becoming Marine privates , ” said Chief Warrant Officer Seth Leonard , who hunted squirrels as a youth in Tuscaloosa , Ala. , and is now operations officer for the school .
To the two desirable background categories found by the research , Gouak , who grew up in rural Pennsylvania , thinks one more group should be added as particularly dedicated to spotting bombs .
“ Anybody who has lost a buddy to an IED , ” he said .
“ They never stop watching . ”
--
Advertisement
tony.perry@latimes.com
DON'T LIE .
YOU LOVE THE BULGES !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
THE BULGES SCARE ME .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Its all about the bulges for me .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'll see you that :( and raise you a D :
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LMAO WHAT THE HELL
I LOVE IT
Reply
Thread
Link
MTE
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I 'm cracking up so bad .
It was ... ok until it got to Dr. Sweet !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
LMAO MTE !
Going straight to my Memories !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
haha i was seriously all like WTFFFFFF
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Icon twin , wheeeee .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
omg wut .
Reply
Thread
Link
lol i love that u commented twice with :( hahahaha
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
NO
Reply
Thread
Link
mte
ALSO PRINCE PHILLIP IS FROM SLEEPING BEAUTY .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I JUST SAID THAT
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I feel awkard .
Reply
Thread
Link
this
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ot but look at the sexy bamf in your icon
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
um ...
YOUR ICON ... UNF !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
yeeeahhhh
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
right ?
ugh
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
srsly .
I 'm in class too , and now I just feel like a total perv .
Creepy , weird , perv .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
We should start a club or something ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
yeah i scrolled down really fast :/
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
and totally turned off .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I agree
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Same here .
D :
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Definitely .
But this is way less awkward than the time I was 11 and wanted to print a picture of Aladdin and Jasmine and google images turned up porn drawings of them and I mean , they were pretty graphic drawings .
Now I think they 're lol - worthy but I 've had ten years to laugh about it ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ia
this is like homoerotic fanfic but in cartoon pictures
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Yeah ;-;
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
mte
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
that is EXACTLY what i said , LOL
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Eric was so my first crush .
I do n't know if I could have handle this at 3 .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
mte
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
whaaat ?!
no way !
I need to rewatch this movie asap !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Do you mean Howl ?
Howl > this mess
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lmao yeah I remember when these were huge on deviantart a LONG time ago .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
wait ... i thought that was Mel Gibson D :
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Ikr , this stuff is sooooooooooo oooooooooooold .
It 's been posted in ONTD before too ...
Or it 's been in the comments before , I 'm sure of that .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Old meme ?
ikr ?
lol I 've seen a lot of these before .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
whaaaaat
Reply
Thread
Link
haha john henry 's bulge is HUGE
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Can we say stereotypes ?
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
And did you notice Gaston 's got big balls and a little itty - bitty dick ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Unf .
I do n't even care that they are drawings of pictures .
Reply
Thread
Link
lmao samesies
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I also think that this may have destroyed something innocent from my childhood , but I really do n't care .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I always had a crush on Eric from The Little Mermaid .
My inner perv and inner child are both celebrating right now .
Separately , of course .
I do n't have an inner Chris Hansen to handle that situation .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
LMAO .... these are hilarious .
I 've never gotten the hots for an animated character .
Reply
Thread
Link
the only animated character i've ever been attracted to is robin hood ... which is even weirder .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Was it the tights ?
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
the fox ?
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
... me too
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
me too ..... yeah will never admit it to anyone else
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Hmm Tuxedo Mask / prince Darien totally did it for me lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Lol I was all about Gambit and Cyclopes when I was younger . :D
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Trey from Daria .
I used to think he was so hot , lol .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
UNTIL NOW YOU MEAN
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
for reasons unknown I used to think Max from A Goofy Movie was hot shit .
oh and Link from the Zelda games * swoon *
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I love how everyone 's freak side is coming out in this post lololol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lmao at age 6 I was in love with Timon from the Lion King .
DON'T JUDGE
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
I totally wanted Trent from Daria to walk out of the TV and date me .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
where is the riku love
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i was always into prince eric , and the beast from beauty and the beast - but before he became human , cuz then he looked mad girly .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
duuuude , Moses from Prince of Egypt .
that is all .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
ERIC ERIC ERIC .
forever .
even with that fug tattoo
Reply
Thread
Link
icon lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
oopz i mean this one
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
lol i mean this one
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
YESS
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
THE FUCK ?!
Reply
Thread
Link
um what the fuq I do not want any of these scantily clad men .
this is such a turnofff omg .
but I guess the princesses have been sexualized ever - so - much so it is only fair to do the same to the princes .
but gross .
that dude from atlantis 's glasses are seriously turning me the fuq off idk idk get better taste in eyewear , hunnay
Reply
Thread
Link
lol this comment made me lol so hard
and i dont even know why
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
hahahaha i know !
awesome comment
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I too laughed ridiculously hard at this .
I am still laughing actually .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
why is the internet so perverted ?
jfc .
Reply
Thread
Link
and these pics are old
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
right ?
they 've been around for years .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
seriously , this is some old weird deviantart shit .
I do n't get why its on here .
Everytime I see a new one on the front page I feel embarrassed .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
& fanart to boot .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
they really are , idg why these were posted randomly ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Logicomix is already a bestseller in Greece and has been eagerly picked up by publishers around the world
An unexpected kind of comic book hero is set to emerge this autumn : Bertrand Russell , the philosopher , logician , mathematician and Nobel prize for literature winner who wrote the seminal work on mathematical logic , the Principia Mathematica .
Russell , who died aged 97 in 1970 , is starring in a graphic novel based on his life , Logicomix , which portrays the great pacifist 's quest to pin down the foundations of mathematics .
First published in Greece last year , where it has become an unexpected bestseller , Logicomix , subtitled An Epic Search for Truth , is the brainchild of maths expert and novelist Apostolos Doxiadis , who was admitted to Columbia University at the tender age of 15 .
Covering a span of 60 years , it tells the story of Russell 's life , taking in his childhood , brought up by his grandparents after he was orphaned aged four , his four marriages , the writing of his great work Principia Mathematica , his rivalry with Ludwig Wittgenstein , and his quest for nuclear disarmament in the last decades of his life .
Peopled with his contemporaries – Alfred North Whitehead , with whom he co-authored Principia , Kurt Gödel , David Hilbert , Ludwig Wittgenstein – it charts the quest for knowledge that Russell described in his autobiography : " I have wished to understand the hearts of man .
I have wished to know why the stars shine .
And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux .
A little of this , but not much , I have achieved . "
Doxiadis , the author of the novel Uncle Petros and Goldbach 's Conjecture , co-wrote Logicomix with Christos Papadimitriou , a computer scientist and novelist .
The artwork was produced by Alecos Papadatos and Annie Di Donna .
It will be published by Bloomsbury in September – the first adult graphic novel that Bloomsbury has published .
" We have really high hopes for it , " said spokesperson Jude Drake .
" It 's been on the bestseller lists for five months in Greece ...
It 's so accessible , even though it 's about logic and maths .
It 's not preachy and it's not technical – you fly through it . "
With publishers around the world – from China to Turkey , Israel to Italy - lining up to publish Logicomix , it has already won praise from authors and mathematicians .
" The lives of ideas ( and those who think them ) can be as dramatic and unpredictable as any superhero fantasy .
What could be more natural than a graphic novel to show how intellectual adventure plays out in the world of experience , with all its contradictions ? " asked Michael Harris , a professor of mathematics at Université Paris 7 and member of the Institut Universitaire de France .
" This is an extraordinary graphic novel , wildly ambitious in daring to put into words and drawings the life and thought of one of the great philosophers of the last century , " said the historian Howard Zinn .
" The book is a rare intellectual and artistic achievement which will , I am sure , lead its readers to explore realms of knowledge they
thought were forbidden to them . "
Gerry Wong , who works under the name Floship , lives in Hong Kong .
He owns his own illustration and graphic design company called Studio Floship .
Here are some helpful links to the artist ’s work :
Floship on Flickr
Floship on Tumblr
Floship on deviantArt
Floship ’s Blog
OTTAWA–Gun-control advocates say they are horrified and fearful that Canada 's long - gun firearms registry is on the verge this week of being scrapped because the Conservatives may have enough support from the opposition to kill it .
Wendy Cukier , president of the Coalition for Gun Control , says her organization has been monitoring the progress of a Conservative private member 's bill to abolish the registry and is now bracing for it to clear an important vote in the Commons on Wednesday .
" It is astonishing , just a few months after the opposition parties voted for a Bloc Québécois motion that reiterated support for the firearms registry and against efforts to repeal it , that many of the same MPs will support this Conservative bill , " Cukier said Sunday .
" It not only eliminates the need to register rifles and shotguns but requires that the information contained on seven million registered guns be destroyed . "
Cukier 's fears are confirmed by NDP MP and justice critic Joe Comartin , who believes that it 's almost an " inevitability " that the private member 's bill known as Bill C-391 , put forward by Manitoba Conservative MP Candice Hoeppner ( Portage - Lisgar ) , will have enough support from the opposition to squeak through approval in principle at second reading .
Liberal MP Mark Holland ( Ajax - Pickering ) said he 's not ready to concede defeat yet on killing the bill , but he acknowledged it 's going to be tight and it means that a lot of pressure is going to be placed on individual Liberal MPs over the next few days to block the legislation .
" This is deeply concerning .
The implications of dismantling the long - gun registry are very serious , " Holland said , noting Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair was only last week hailing the registry as instrumental in the seizure of a 58 — guns .
All the Conservatives need are between seven to 10 MPs from the opposition benches to support the legislation , and Comartin says he 's reasonably certain Conservatives have secured that number from his own caucus and from Liberal ranks .
Wednesday 's vote is n't a death warrant for the registry – it still has to be examined by a Commons committee , pass again in the Commons and then in the Senate .
But if the bill passes on Wednesday , it means the registry 's abolition will have been approved in principle in this minority Parliament and will undoubtedly be hailed as a victory for foes of the gun-registration system , which was put in place after furious debate in the mid-1990s under former prime minister Jean Chrétien .
The key to this bill 's potential success is that it is not a piece of government legislation , in which case NDP Leader Jack Layton and Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff could insist that all MPs vote against it .
But private members ' bills are free votes .
The quote is at 4:45 seconds .
Someone told me on IRC that it ’s currently hard to follow what ’s going on in the packaging front .
The truth is that it ’s almost impossible if you do n’t read all mails posted in Distutils - SIG .
So here ’s a quick wrap - up that can save you some time if you are not reading Distutils - SIG .
PEP 345 – Metadata 1.2
We are almost done with the update of PEP 345 .
This PEP is describing the Metadata fields for a distribution , that get added in the file named PKG - INFO .
This file is inserted in all your distribution and also published at PyPI .
It ’s the ID card of your project .
We are adding these fields in the metadata :
Maintainer : the maintainer ’s name
Maintainer - email : the maintainer ’s email
Requires - Python :
What Python versions are compatible with this distribution
Requires - External : A list of external dependencies , like “ libpng ” , “ libxslt ”
Requires - Dist : A list of Python dependencies , from the names founded at PyPI .
like “ zope.interface ”
Provides - Dist :
A list of additional distribution names this distribution provides ( as a complement to the one provided in “ Name ” )
Obsoletes - Dist :
A list of Python dependencies that are incompatible with the current distribution
Another important change is environment markers .
An environment marker is a marker that can be added at the end of a field after a semi-colon ( ‘ ;’ ) , to add a condition about the execution environment .
Examples :
Requires - Dist : pywin32 , bar > 1.0 ; sys.platform == ' win32 '
Obsoletes - Dist : pywin31 ; sys.platform == ' win32 '
Requires - Dist : foo ; os . machine == ' i386 '
Requires - Dist : bar ; python_version == ' 2.4 ' or python_version == ' 2.5 '
Requires - External : libxslt ; ' linux ' in sys.platform
This will allow developers to define different conditions depending on the target platform .
Moreover , this will allow tools like Pip to get a list of all dependencies for a given project and a given platform just by querying PyPI , and with no downloads or build required !
Last , for all the fields that manipulates versions , PEP 345 will use the version scheme described in PEP 386 .
PEP 386 – Version scheme
We ’ve designed in PEP 386 a version scheme that works with most Python software we know about .
This version scheme comes with a new version comparison algorithm that will be provided by Distutils .
The scheme is in pseudo - regexpr ( read the PEP for more details ) :
N.N[.N ]+[ abc]N[.N ]+[.postN+][.devN + ]
Do n’t be afraid !
It looks complex but it ’s not .
The apparent complexity is due to the fact that we need to be able to work with development versions and post - release versions .
There are good chances that your project already works with this version scheme .
If you want to give it a shot , there ’s a prototype you can play with in an external repo here : http://bitbucket.org/tarek/distutilsversion/
PEP 376 – Installation standard
PEP 376 is quite completed now .
We have our “ standard ” for site - packages , we know how to query installed projects , and how to remove them .
The discussions are now focusing on the “ data ” problem .
Which is : how to describe in Distutils , in a more elegant way , the data files you are using , such as images , man files etc .
This is required to provide to developers more control on how their data files are installed on the target system , and to the packagers more tools to re-package a Python distribution .
Wolodja Wentland has been doing a lot of work in this area and leads this “ data ” effort .
You can follow the discussion on this work in the Python wiki , starting at : http://wiki.python.org/moin/Distutils/DiscussionOverview.
PEP 382 - Namespaces packages
Distribute comes with a namespace package system , that allows you to have packages under the same namespace , spread into several distributions .
That ’s what Plone and Zope use to be able to release all those plone .* and zope .* distributions .
Martin von Loewis proposed to implement it in Python , and this is described in PEP 382 .
We are now waiting for Martin to implement it , and are ready to drop in Distribute 0.7.x the namespace feature in favor of supporting the PEP 382 one .
Distutils redesign discussions
One thing that makes Distutils a bit hard to work with , is how commands are designed .
David Cournapeau ( from the Numpy project ) gave us an example of a use case that makes it hard .
He basically needs to run the “ build ” command knowing the finalized options from the “ install ” command .
In other words , when you call something like :
$ python setup.py install -- prefix= / some / place
The install command will use the prefix option to cook some other options .
The build command that needs all the options needs in that case to look over the install command to get the values .
This is not optimal because it means that a build command depends on an install command to run .
It also makes options redundants from one command to the other .
The solution we are going to try is to create a new command , called configure , that will be in charge of building a file with all the options that are required by the build command and the install command .
This is not new .
It has been implemented years ago in 4suite , and it ’s the philosophy behind tools like scons , etc : a configure / make / make install principle applied to a Python project .
This redesign is going to occur in Distribute 0.7 .
Once it ’s ready , if the community has tried it and gave us positive feedback , I ’ll push it in Distutils .
It might happen before Python 2.7 is out , it might not .
Other topics
There are many other topics , like PyPI mirroring ( PEP 381 ) etc .
I ’ll write a blog entry later for these .
Cleaning ?
Cooking ?
Ugh , you say .
Make friends with it , compadre ; they 've got to be part of the frugal warrior 's toolkit .
Me , I avoid cleaning as much as possible until a young offspring can't find clean underthings and I want to howl in the chasm of Boring Adult Responsibilities and go hide in the kitchen , which I enjoy much more .
When that no longer works , and when the children look at me like You Did This to Me , I look for ways to make it easier .
I also look for ways to make it cheaper , because when my frugal and eco-selves are in partnership , then I can feel my groove coming back .
Because if there is one thing I 've learned , it 's that I want to spend my better days kicking ass and making change , and not spend them in Target buying overpriced refills and feeling like some crazy woman on a commercial who smiles at her mop while a song plays in the background .
So you understand why I need , need , need to share these revelations with you .
Some of these tools or tricks do n't save any time , and a few take more time .
But if I spend a few more minutes living out my values , then it 's like I 'm the thing plugged into the outlet and feeling my power .
1. The Carpet Sweeper
I bought a Casabella carpet sweeper for my kids from a Montessori - based toy and supply catalog ( " Now you 're Mommy 's Little Helpers , darlings ! " ) and now I join in the fight to use it .
It picks up a surprising amount from our well - traveled rugs and floors , and I do n't need to use electricity , or my own stress circuits , as much .
2. Take Back the Mop
C'mon , Swiffer .
How hard is it to bring up a mop and bucket filled with hot water and Murphy 's Oil Soap ?
I 'd rather take two minutes to do that than pay for your expensive refills .
Plus the carpet sweeper gets bits in the meantime .
Jealous , much ?
Plus flushing that dirty water down the toilet is pure victory .
3. Area Rugs
Do you remember relatives that would take rugs outside and beat them ?
Small area rugs just beg for this simple cleaning .
Roll them up or just shake them out the window — you 've just saved yourself some money and gotten an upper - body workout .
Fantastic for when guests are coming in 1.5 seconds : as they are walking up your steps , you can be shaking the bathroom rug out the window and feeling confident that their private bathroom time wo n't involve passing judgment upon you .
You can't beat it with a stick , man .
4. The Art of the Drying Rack
Do n't have the space or the time ?
You might be surprised .
A strong drying rack can cost under $ 20 , but if you air - dry most of your clothes , you could save five percent or more on your electric bill and some of the beating dryers can take on clothes .
Do you have a small outdoor space or deck on which to place a drying rack ?
If not , then consider washing a load of clothes during the day and then setting up the rack at overnight in your kitchen .
Newer washers pretty much take all the drippiness out of wet clothes , anyhow , so most items will try overnight .
For items that take longer fold down one half of the rack and leave the rest to dry through the day , until the next load is ready .
Air - drying is not a huge effort when it becomes part of your routine , and I 've actually found the process pleasant in the way I find gardening pleasant : your efforts are met by Mother Nature 's , to your benefit .
If you go so far as to wash out your plastic bags , drying racks can also hold these .
Just puff out the sides before placing them between the rungs .
( Yes , I do this , and yes , I also wear makeup , so calm down . )
5. Feather Duster
Speaking of Swiffer , they have helped fuel a feather duster backlash .
Dusters spread dust , they say .
I 'm so over that assertion , because I hate to dust .
What takes less time , my friends : feather dusting OR dusting and then running out to buy refills ?
When I see other people wiping things down I want to scream , because that strikes me as Stepford territory .
If you dust before you vacuum , gravity helps you get all the yuckies .
So find a lovely duster , with a wooden handle and real feathers .
Some of these are almost things of beauty .
After you 've dusted a room , just take it outside and twirl it between your palms quickly to release the dust to the air .
Ashes to ashes , dust to dust .
6. Windows
Room air fresheners , candles and other artificially scented items are outrageously expensive and contain toxic pollutants that are even worse for you if they mix with ozone .
If your house smells stale or your pets have given it a bad name , open the windows for a few minutes .
( So what if you lose heat , or cool air ?
Your house stinks , so make an energy offering to the gods . )
If you have guests coming , light a beeswax candle ( the other ones are junk ) and ask yourself if you have 15 minutes to bake something quickly ( such as fruit with oatmeal , butter and brown sugar on top ) , so you can fill your home with a lovely smell and have a treat on hand to boot .
The 20 - second fix ?
Heat a pan of water on your stove and add cinnamon , oranges , and any other spices you enjoy .
You can reuse the water for tea later .
7. Cast Iron Pans
I can't believe people ever stopped using these incredibly affordable pans .
Get used to the way it handles temperature , and you 'll have yourself a non - stick pan every time — except , for me , eggs on occasion .
Get a pack of scrubbers and have no fear of Teflon poisoning your soul .
Wash with water or a dab of mild soap and dry by wiping or letting it sit on a hot stove for two minutes .
Oil as necessary .
Once you cook a grilled cheese in a cast iron pan , or grill vegetables on a grill - top piece , you 'll never look back .
( Plus it adds iron to your diet , an added plus for women who like to kick ass . )
8. Hand Blender
I 've burned out a motor in both a pricey little mini-Cuisinart AND an electric hand blender .
I love the burnt smell of $ 50 out of the window .
I 've hemmed and hawed about replacing them for long enough that I started to use a hand blender in the meantime .
I had bought it for my children to help with baking projects , but it did light whipping and blending jobs beautifully .
The older , full - sized metal rotary blenders are so strong and fast that there is less likelihood of burnout .
Obviously , you 'll still need a large Cuisinart or blender , or both .
But the invention of small appliances that sputter out at chopping nuts or bread crumbs is NOT a frugal cook 's best friend , so nuts to them .
9. Bread Machine
You there .
I heard you scoff when I suggested you bake in order to scent your home .
Fine .
I still say speed cooking kills two birds with one stone : gives you something to eat and makes your house feel homey and alluring to everyone around .
Have you seen a bread machine at a yard sale lately ?
Grab it .
Buy one new , even ( gasp ) .
Why ?
Just do the math : bread costs $ 2.00 a loaf , and a loaf may get you through a week of bagged lunches if you 're lucky .
Less time if you have to pack multiple school lunches .
Really flavorful , natural breads cost twice as much .
Crusty farmer 's market bread might run you as much as $ 6 , and I 've had to tamp down my bread snob self if I want a shred of convenience .
Spend ten minutes in the morning drinking coffee and dumping six or seven items into your bread machine 's loaf pan , and an hour later ( if you use the speed - bake setting ) you have a loaf appropriate for any meal , made with the ingredients you can control and improve upon .
Add nuts and dried fruit for a real meal .
You can program the newer bread machines to operate while you are out , and you can come home to warm bread .
Winter may not be so bad after all .
10 . Rags
Post - recession , has it come to this , you ask ?
Rags ?
I can still afford paper towels , thank you very much .
Cool .
Go with your paper towel self .
But notice how , on the days you can't find the size - a- sheet varieties , you do n't leave the store quite as cheerful as when you came in .
Notice how you may wipe up a water spill and leave the sheet out to air dry and reuse .
If this scenario fits you , you are ready for rags .
Note : This is not the Great Depression .
Not every shirt that your washing machine shrinks or stains needs to be reborn as a rag .
You will find fabrics that you like to use .
You may just want a few of those pretty microfiber cloths that polish glass with water alone ( ka - ching ! ) .
You may be all about the old cloth diapers , mama .
Just embrace rags : fill a whole drawer with them , and your cleaning caddy to boot .
Once you are in a laundry routine you will always have a rag on hand and you will save the paper towels for special occasions .
Feeling good ?
Maybe you are ready to graduate to cloth napkins , and total frugal domination .
Join us in the fight , and take back the home .
And when you 're done , get the heck out of the house and go do great things in the ( hopefully ) greener world .
Is this going to prove finally that this whole thing is nothing but a MONEY ploy by big BUSINESS and the Governments .
By James Delingpole
11/24/2009
It has been described as the “ greatest scientific scandal of the modern age . ”
The story broke last Thursday when a person unknown — some say it was a hacker , others an inside - leak job — broke into the servers at Britain ’s Climate Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia and published at least 61 megabytes of confidential data on a Russian website .
Despite efforts in liberal quarters to play the story down as a criminal issue of no great consequence , the blogosophere almost instantly recognized it as political dynamite : perhaps even the final nail in the coffin of Al Gore ’s increasingly expensive theory that the world is rapidly overheating due to Anthropogenic Global Warming ( AGW ) .
Why ?
Because the Climate Research Unit in the windswept fenlands of Eastern England — together with its sister unit in the West of England , the Hadley Centre in Exeter , Devon — is one of the primary information sources used by the UN ’s International Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Not only have its resident scientists , computer modelers and statisticians been heavily involved in drafting the IPCC ’s three reports ; but its global temperature records ( known as HadCrut ) are one of the IPCC ’s four official sources of data .
If the CRU ’s data and scientific staff were shown to be unreliable , it would call into question the very basis of the IPCC ’s doom - laden predictions of rising sea levels and inexorably - rising temperatures due to man-made CO2 .
And to judge by the leaked data — over a decade ’s worth of documents and emails — “ unreliable ” may be a rather polite way of putting it .
As Australian blogger Andrew Bolt puts it , the CRU may well be guilty of “ conspiracy , collusion in exaggerating warming data , possibly illegal destruction of embarrassing information , organized resistance to disclosure , manipulation of data , private admissions of flaws in their public claims and much more . ”
The emails reveal a variety of dubious practices , quite contrary to what might reasonably be expected of a world - renowned climate research institution lavishly funded by the UK government .
These include :
1. Manipulation of evidence .
In one email , the CRU ’s director , Professor Phil Jones apparently confesses to having played with data – most unscientifically – in order to achieve his desired end .
“ I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie from 1981 onwards ) amd from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline . ”
( Professor Jones has defended himself , somewhat disingenuously you might think , by saying that “ trick ” – in the world of science – has no negative connotations ) .
2. Concealing private doubts about whether the world is really heating up .
One scientist expresses his frustration that the global temperatures are not behaving as he feels they ought to behave : “ The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can ’t .
The CERES data published in the August BAMS 09 supplement on 2008 shows there should be even more warming : but the data are surely wrong .
Our observing system is inadequate . ”
3. Destruction of evidence ( following a Freedom of Information request – almost certainly an illegal activity ) : “ Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
He ’s not in at the moment – minor family crisis .
Can you also email Gene and get him to do the same ?
I do n’t have his new email address .
We will be getting Caspar to do likewise . ”
4. Fantasizing violence against prominent climate sceptic scientists : “ Next time I see Pat Michaels at a scientific meeting , I ’ll be tempted to beat the crap out of him .
Very tempted .’
5 . Gloating over news of the death of a prominent climate - change skeptic , Australian John L Daly , founder of the Still Waiting For Greenhouse site : “ In an odd way this is cheering news . ”
6 . Attempting to disguise the inconvenient truth of the Medieval Warm Period ( ie the period from about 900 to about 1200 when global mean temperatures were considerably warmer than they are now ) : “ … … Phil and I have recently submitted a paper using about a dozen NH records that fit this category , and many of which are available nearly 2 K back –I think that trying to adopt a timeframe of 2 K , rather than the usual 1 K , addresses a good earlier point that Peck made w/ regard to the memo , that it would be nice to try to “ contain ” the putative “ MWP ” , even if we do n’t yet have a hemispheric mean reconstruction available that far back … . ”
7 . And , perhaps , most damningly , a long series of communications discussing how best to squeeze dissenting scientists out of the peer review process .
How , in other words , to create a scientific climate in which anyone who disagrees with AGW can be written off as a crank , whose views do not have a scrap of authority : “ I think we have to stop considering “ Climate Research ” as a legitimate peer - reviewed journal .
Perhaps we should encourage our colleagues in the climate research community to no longer submit to , or cite papers in , this journal .
We would also need to consider what we tell or request of our more reasonable colleagues who currently sit on the editorial board …
What do others think ? ”
Climate change “ skeptics ” have long had their suspicions about the reliability of CRU .
Among the first to voice these was Steve McIntyre , the statistician who exposed the “ Hockey Stick ” curve – the now utterly discredited graph initially used by the IPCC ( and Al Gore in his film An Inconvenient Truth ) to suggest that global temperatures had risen more sharply at the end of the 20th century than at any time in the previous thousand years .
( This meant ignoring the Medieval Warm Period – hence the email quoted above ) .
Over a period of several years , McIntyre sought to acquire from the CRU the raw data used to fuel its computer models of climate Armageddon but was constantly rebuffed .
( At one stage , CRU told him that the data had been “ lost ” ) .
When finally he did get hold of it , he discovered the samples used to have been flawed ; just as years earlier , he had showed that the Hockey Stick computer model had been programmed with an algorithm so that whatever information you put into it , it would always come up with the same scary - looking Hockey Stick shape .
But the “ Climategate ” scandal is a step beyond this .
Where before it was only possible to accuse the CRU of being foolish , what these emails prove beyond reasonable doubt is that it has been guilty of conspiracy too .
And it is a conspiracy which implicates a good many of the world ’s leading AGW - promoting scientists , not just in Britain but in the US and beyond .
Besides Professor Jones , the director of the CRU ( and a doughty defender in several papers of the Hockey Stick curve ) the emails implicate many more of those scientists most deeply involved in drafting the IPCC ’s reports .
They include Dr Keith Briffa , a ‘ lead author ’ on the IPCC ’s 2007 report ; Kevin Trenberth , head of the Climate Analysis Section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ; Ben Santer , a pro-AGW scientist at the US government ’s Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory – and the man responsible for the notorious claim in the IPCC ’s second report that “ the balance of evidence suggests that there is a discernible human influence on climate change ” ; and Dr Michael Mann , the physicist - turned - climate - scientist at the University of Massachusetts who created the infamous ‘ Hockey Stick ’ graph .
What is commonly misunderstood amid the IPCC ’s vaunted claims that its reports are approved by “ 2,500 scientists ” is that only a tiny number – perhaps 53 in all – were actually responsible for drafting the sections predicting global eco-disaster due to AGW .
These 53 scientists are a close knit circle , peer - approving one another ’s pro-AGW papers , banding together to shut out any dissenting voices .
Almost all of them are close to the CRU ; many are implicated in the offending emails .
This is what makes Climategate so significant .
It is the smoking gun that climate “ skeptics ” have long been searching for .
Or indeed , as one retired US climatologist Dr Tim Ball puts it , a “ whole battery of machine guns ” .
WARNING : THIS WEBSITE GRAPHICALLY SHOWS AN ABORTION 11 WEEKS AFTER CONCEPTION AND THEREFORE SHOULD NOT BE VIEWED BY CHILDREN .
IF YOU ARE A YOUNG PERSON AND HAVE ANY DOUBTS ON WHETHER YOU SHOULD VIEW THIS SITE OR NOT , PLEASE CHECK WITH YOUR PARENTS BEFORE PROCEEDING ANY FURTHER .
IF YOU ARE RESEARCHING THE TOPIC OF ABORTION OR POSSIBLY CONTEMPLATING AN ABORTION WE URGE YOU TO VIEW THE SITE SLOWLY AND CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING .
WE BELIEVE THAT ABORTION IS THE TAKING OF AN INNOCENT LIFE AND VIOLATES GOD'S COMMANDMENT " THOU SHALT NOT KILL " .
SO PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO STUDY , THINK ABOUT , AND PRAY ABOUT ABORTION AND ITS EFFECT ON THE BABY SLEEPING IN IT'S MOTHER'S WOMB .
PLEASE , IF YOU THINK YOU ARE PREGNANT OR KNOW SOMEONE WHO MIGHT BE PREGNANT .
CONTACT WWW.
LIFECALL.ORG FOR ASSISTANCE .
THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION IN THIS MATTER .
CLICK HERE FOR GRAPHIC VIDEO OF AN 11th WEEK ABORTION " Now for the first time , we have the technology to see abortion from the victims vantage point .
Ultrasound imaging has allowed us to see this . "
- Dr. Bernard Nathanson Dear Viewers ,
We thank the distributor of The Silent Scream for permission to place it on the Internet .
After showing this film to thousands of women contemplating an abortion , we can testify to its powerful impact on them to choose life for their preborn child .
We encourage you to show it to others .
If you would like your own copy , please contact American Portrait Films for pricing information and kindly let them know that you saw the video on this Website .
Note the film is available in eight languages and in various formats .
To order this video please call or order online from : The Apologetics Group
5543 Edmondson Pike , Ste # 88
Nashville , TN 37211-5808 Email : apologeticsgroup1@gmail.com
Toll - free : 1-800-736-4567
The Apologetics Group ( through its parent company Reel to Real Ministries , Inc. ) is a non -for - profit educational ministry .
Votre pharmacie en ligne pour acheter viagra ordonnance - prescription nécessaire .
( One of the many babies saved through this website ) Dear Silent Scream Website , I just wanted to write a quick note to say thank you .
I was supposed to have an abortion today and I was up all last night researching abortions on the internet .
I came upon your site and could n't stop thinking about it .
It had a profound effect on me .
I still went to the clinic and went through the blood testing and watched their video .... then came the ultrasound ; I begged the nurse to let me see my baby ; I felt that I had to see .
As soon as I saw my child on the ultrasound I knew I could n't do it .
The clinic can absolutely NOT convince me that that living child inside me was n't going to feel anything .
I saw the heart beating , and he moved his little hands ( almost like a wave ) .
I think god intervened and sent me a message that I was about to make the biggest mistake of my life .
My nurse was very compassionate ( which I thought was odd ) I asked her for a picture of my baby and she explained that she was n't allowed to do that .
She also explained that she was n't supposed to show me the ultrasound screen either .
Well , she broke the rules and gave me a picture anyway .
Thanks to the nurse at the clinic and to your video I made the right decision .
I 'll be having the baby in 7 months and am looking forward to meeting my little miracle in person .
Thank you a million times over ,
Erica
PREBORN - 11 WEEKS AFTER CONCEPTION HEART IS BEATING ( SINCE 18 - 25 DAYS )
BRAIN WAVES HAVE BEEN RECORDED AT 40 DAYS
THE BABY SQUINTS , SWALLOWS , AND CAN MAKE A FIST
THE BABY HAS FINGERPRINTS AND CAN KICK
THE BABY IS SENSITIVE TO HEAT , TOUCH , LIGHT AND NOISE
THE BABY SUCKS HIS OR HER THUMB
ALL BODY SYSTEMS ARE WORKING
THE BABY WEIGHS ABOUT 1 OUNCE AND IS 2 1/2 TO 3 INCHES LONG
THE BABY COULD FIT COMFORTABLY IN THE PALM OF YOUR HAND " Thine eyes have seen my unformed substance ; and in Thy book they were all written , the days that were ordained for me , when yet there was not one of them .
Wonderful are Thy works and my soul knows it very well .
My frame was not hidden from Thee , when I was made in secret .
And skillfully wrought in the depths of the earth . "
( Psalms 139:15,16 ) GOD BLESS YOU AND ALL THE BABIES THAT ARE SLEEPING IN THEIR MOTHER'S WOMBS .
To Top
At a time of heightened national security post - 911 , a near - depression economy and state government budgets bleeding red coast to coast , what is the moral and economic imperative that compels some in law enforcement to seek lifetime sentences for small - time cannabis growers ?
Again , cannabis consumers and activists should never shrink back from prohibitionist ( and some in the media ) arguments that “ no one gets arrested for cannabis in the US ( it ’s practically legal ! ) ” when over 755,000 cannabis consumers are busted annually for simple possession ( 94,000 others were charged with cultivation , distribution or conspiracy therein ) .
Even more so when there are outrageous claims made that ‘ no goes to jail or prison for pot ’ .
Unfortunately for a Jackson Mississippi man named Ronald Sekul , he can attest to how wrong these false claims are as he stares down a lifetime sentence for cultivating 51 cannabis plants .
Man could get life in pot bust , Jackson resident was growing 51 plants , officials say
A 33 - year - old Jackson man accused of growing marijuana in his apartment could get up to life in prison if convicted .
In the case of Ronald Christopher Sekul , the Mississippi Bureau of Narcotics intends to ask prosecutors to apply a law called the “ kingpin ” statute , MBN Director Marshall Fisher said .
The statute can be applied to Sekul ’s case because he allegedly had a drug operation for longer than 12 consecutive months and had more than 10 pounds of marijuana , Fisher said .
Sekul was arrested Wednesday for allegedly growing 4 - foot marijuana plants in the back bedroom of the fourplex he lives in at 1510 Myrtle St. , according to MBN .
He is out of jail on $ 50,000 bond .
Read the entire article here .
Think about , life in prison for cultivating one of the most popular agricultural products in America–arguably the number one commercially cultivated commodity in the country .
Think about the annual expense incurred by the taxpayers of Mississippi for the incarceration of Mr. Sekul : $ 22,000 - 30,000 a year ; think about the total cost to the taxpayers if Mr. Sekul spends 10 years in prison ( approx . $ 275,000 ) , 20 years ( approx . $ 600,000 ) or 30 years ( approx . $ 1 million ) .
Rather than tax and actually control cannabis like more dangerous and addictive government - sanctioned drugs like tobacco and alcohol products , is it not remarkable beyond words that the state and federal governments still engages both massive number of annual cannabis - related arrests and the incarceration annually nationwide of an estimated 45,000 - 65,000 cannabis - only offenders , while still not achieving any of the stated goals of prohibition ( view a comprehensive NORML report analyzing cannabis arrests in the US here , read page 45 to see where none of the government ’s stated goals are achieved ) .
Feds Are The Ones Still Stirring Pot With Taxpayers ’ Money
However , there is a potential policy silver - lining to buttress the expense to the taxpayers and tragedy of what our society is trying to do Mr. Sekul and that is that President Obama ’s new drug czar , Gil Kerlikowske , along with Attorney General Eric Holder , can stop these kinds of foolish and expensive incarcerations for cannabis by de-funding the federal grants provided to local law enforcement and their ‘ multi- jursidictional anti-drug task forces ’ , like JET , the Jackson Enforcement Team , which boasts of Mr. Sekul ’s arrest .
How many fewer Americans would be arrested annually if the federal government did n’t fund local arrests ?
Exactly how many taxpayer dollars could be saved if the expense and trouble of local cannabis arrests were not subsidized by the feds ?
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The new legislation unveiled by Representative Barney Frank does n’t end “ too big to fail ” — it codifies it .
It also puts taxpayers on the hook for a large portion of future bailouts .
Frank should go back to the drawing board .
Per the recommendation of Bank of England Governor Mervyn King , he should split banks in half , sending trading operations off into the wilderness so banks can get back to basics .
The need for resolution authority stems from regulators ’ arguments that they did n’t have the tools to shutter big firms last year .
They knew losses properly belonged to shareholders and creditors .
They just did n’t have the power to execute such a plan .
Color me skeptical .
Just as likely , they were terrified that shuttering a systemically important financial institution would cause financial markets to panic , that the daisy chain of derivative counterparties would break , collapsing the system .
If it ’s so difficult to wind down large bank holding companies that it requires new , complex resolution authority , common sense tells us such institutions should n’t exist in the first place .
The goal should be to prevent banks from getting into danger , to get them out of risky activities that pose systemic risks .
Bank regulators already have broad powers to do this , yet they ’ve shown little willingness to use them .
Some argue they were stymied by regulatory shopping , so this legislation would give more power to the Fed .
But will the Fed use it ?
Last week , it installed as its top regulator Patrick Parkinson , long an advocate of a hands - off approach to derivatives : “ Counterparties typically are quite adept at managing credit risks , ” he testified in 1999 .
Whoops .
In any case , codifying institutions as too big to fail is likely to backfire by signaling to the market that such banks are the safest place for capital .
Advocates of this legislation say that wo n’t happen , that “ Tier 1 Financial Holding Companies ” will face capital and leverage requirements that put them at a disadvantage .
But that ’s not in this legislation ; those new rules are to be written and enforced by regulators who have shown a remarkable lack of fortitude to date .
Advocates also say the legislation puts bank investors in line to absorb losses .
But are n’t they already ?
The reason too - big - to - fail is a problem is that the capital structure is so big and complex that forcing losses onto investors causes a systemic event .
Naturally , then , taxpayers will front the money to fund a good chunk of these resolutions .
Supposedly banks with more than $ 10 billion of assets will pay taxpayers back .
If you believe that , I ’ve got a bridge in Brooklyn I ’d like to sell you .
Just look how hard it has been to replenish the Deposit Insurance Fund .
Banks threw a tantrum about a special assessment that raised all of $ 5.6 billion .
Sheila Bair , the FDIC chairman , was forced to resort to accounting gimmickry to squeeze more cash out of them .
We could make banks tithe their profits for years and we would recover a fraction of the total cost of recent bailouts .
New resolution authority is nice to have , but it wo n’t resolve the problem .
What we need to do is shrink and simplify banks so they do n’t pose a systemic risk in the first place .
Mervyn King and Paul Volcker have both put ideas forward to do that .
We ’d be better served if Frank and his staff fleshed those out .
Electronic
Arts said it would lay off 1,500 workers by April 2010 , alongside second fiscal quarter results that saw the publisher post a decrease in year - over - year revenues and a widening net loss of $ 391 million .
About 1,300 of those layoffs are part of a wide - reaching restructuring plan that will include " the closure of several facilities . "
The move , which will cost EA between $ 130 million and $ 150 million , is expected to save $ 100 million annually ( just over a fourth of what the company said it lost this quarter ) .
Earlier today , the publisher announced it acquired social game publisher Playfish for $ 300 million .
EA's $ 391 million quarterly loss represents a 26 percent increase over the $ 310 million loss in last year 's second quarter .
It comes as GAAP revenue dropped 12 percent year over year to $ 788 million .
The company 's earnings statement , however , pointed out that non-GAAP revenue , excluding the deferred earnings adjustments that must be factored into GAAP accounting , saw a record high of $ 1.147 billion , up 2 percent from $ 1.126 billion the year before .
" EA is performing well , with quality , sales and segment share up so far this year , " said CEO John Riccitiello .
" We are making tough calls to cut cost in targeted areas and investing more in our biggest games and digital businesses .
" Looking forward , internal guidance pegs the company as maintaining profitability during its third and fourth fiscal quarters , but taking a loss for the overall 2010 fiscal year , which ends March 31 .
That loss will be slightly wider on a GAAP basis than previously expected , due to expenses related to the Playfish acquisition .
Bummed because you 've got a new Wii and the Twilight Princess hack wo n't work on it ?
Have an older Wii but you do n't want to buy Twilight Princess just to install Homebrew ?
Try the free and easy bannerbomb exploit .
Advertisement
Update :
For those with Wii IOS 4.2 , you 're going to want to use this new installer , cIOS Installer Xr20b .
Advertisement
Last year we showed you how to use the Twilight Princess hack to install the Homebrew Channel and various goodies like DVD playback .
The bannerbomb exploit is the newest way to install the Homebrew Channel and works on the newest systems , unlike Twilight Princess — which has been a defunct hack since menu 4.0 was introduced .
How does it work ?
The hack exploits the Wii menu itself , loading a fake banner which causes a system crash and allows the exploit to load unsigned code .
During our field testing it took — not counting time to carefully read the instructions and take photographs — less than ten minutes to complete the process .
For this hack you 'll need a Wii , an SD card formatted to FAT , a copy of the bannerbomb file ( I 've linked to the banner bomb exploit file that works for the most number of Wii units right out of the gate ; if it does n't work for you , visit the main page and try some of the other versions ) , and the HackMii installer .
The following instructions are an expanded photo - pictorial version of the instructions found on the bannerbomb exploit author 's site .
Advertisement
You 'll need to copy the files from your computer to the SD card .
If you 're using an SD card you already use for the Wii , you 'll need to rename the " private " directory to " privateold " for the duration of the hack .
First , unzip the contents of the banner bomb exploit onto the card .
This should create a " private " directory with the contents of the zip file .
Advertisement
Next , copy the installer.elf file from the HackMii installer onto the root of the SD card and rename it to boot.elf — as seen above .
Once you have the files on the SD card , it 's time to toss it in the Wii and boot up .
Advertisement
Here we are at the initial main menu of the Wii .
Nothing special to see here except for the fact that it 's been over a week since we 've hopped on the Wii Fit .
Advertisement
Click on the circular Wii icon in the lower left corner .
DO NOT click on the SD card icon if you 've got a newer or updated Wii with the 4.0 menu .
You wo n't hurt your Wii , but the exploit wo n't work .
Advertisement
Once you 've clicked on the Wii icon , you 'll be in the sub - menu seen above .
Click on Data Management to access the next menu .
Advertisement
Click on Channels to get to the SD card .
You wo n't be able to access it via the Save Data tab .
Advertisement
Click on the SD card tab to load the exploit .
Advertisement
The Wii will ask you " Load boot.dol /elf ? " , click Yes .
Advertisement
Not turning your Wii-hacking skills into a profit engine for global domination is a very altruistic thing to do .
Take a moment to be thankful for all the awesome people in the world that create and distribute the free and open - source software that makes our lives better .
Press 1 to continue loading the exploit .
Advertisement
At this point the exploit has been executed and the HackMii installer is the temporary operating system — think LiveCD — of the Wii .
From this menu you can select whether or not you want to install The Homebrew Channel , DVDx , and / or BootMii — BootMii is a more advanced tool which you may or may not care to load , it 's essentially a boot loader for the Wii that provides a more extensive " takeover " of the Wii than The Homebrew Channel .
You can read more about it here and here , if you 're curious .
Advertisement
On this menu you install or uninstall the respective tools .
If this is your first time running the HackMii Installer you wo n't see the Uninstall option under any of the entries .
During testing we forgot to photograph this screen and hopped back into the installer to snap it .
Advertisement
Install The Homebrew Channel ?
Yes , Ma'am .
Advertisement
After you agree to install the The Homebrew Channel it usually installs in a matter of seconds .
Far faster than we were able to raise the camera to snap a picture .
You 'll see the SUCCESS in cash - money - green when it is done installing .
You can repeat the installation process for DVDx and BootMii if you desire .
Advertisement
After The Homebrew Channel finishes installing you 'll be taken to the channel itself .
The Homebrew Channel runs applications out of the / YourSDCard / Apps / folder .
During this screenshot our SD card was empty , thus the expansive bubbly - goodness of the default Homebrew screen .
As you add applications they will appear here .
Advertisement
Now we 're back to the main menu .
12:46 pm to 1:15 pm and we 're done !
Under 30 minutes , including stopping to take pictures .
Wondering what you can do with it once you have the Homebrew Channel installed ?
Well , for example , you can backup your Wii games to a hard drive for safe keeping and faster load times , play old - school games in emulation , and play DVD - backups without a modchip .
Advertisement
Have a favorite homebrew application for the Wii ?
We 'd love to hear about it in the comments .
BRUSSELS --
The odds against former British Prime Minister Tony Blair becoming the first president of the European Union appear to have lengthened .
Mr. Blair is the most prominent figure linked by diplomats to the post which , together with the job of a new EU foreign policy chief , will be created by the so - called Lisbon Treaty .
The pact is designed to increase the 27 - nation grouping 's influence in world affairs .
Formal ...
A policeman delivered the fright of a lifetime to a chainsaw - wielding haunted house actor , pulling a gun on him at the end of his act .
Sgt Eric Janik , 37 , was charged with assault and reckless endangerment for pointing his service handgun at Mike Morrison , who was dressed as Leatherface , the killer from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , Baltimore County police said .
Mr Morrison followed Sgt Janik and several other people up a staircase at the end of the haunted house tour in a bid to get " one last scream " out of them , police said .
When the group went into a car park , Sgt Janik pulled his gun and pointed it at Mr Morrison from less than 10 feet away , according to police and Mr Morrison , who said he dropped the chainsaw , put his hands up and backed away .
The saw had no chain .
Only then did Sgt Janik identify himself as a police officer , said Mr Morrison , who retreated into the building .
" I started shaking pretty bad , " he said .
Another employee of the House of Screams called police .
According to charging documents , Sgt Janik smelled of alcohol and told police two different stories .
First , he denied drawing the gun , but later he said he pointed it at the ground .
Mr Morrison and two other witnesses told police that Janik pointed the gun at Mr Morrison 's chest .
A security guard had been following Sgt Janik 's group , which included his nine - year - old daughter , through the haunted house because Sgt Janik appeared to be drunk when he arrived , House of Screams owner Tony Sapanero said .
Mr Morrison said Sgt Janik 's daughter appeared to be disturbed by his act , in which he pretends to cut one woman in half and disembowel another with the chainsaw .
Sgt Janik was suspended after police chiefs learned of the incident and , city police spokesman Anthony Guglielmi said .
City police officers were required to carry their service weapons while off duty within city limits and could carry them at their own discretion outside the city , Mr Guglielmi said .
Belfast Telegraph
Good science , but who do the results benefit ?
( Image : Andrzej Krauze )
DO COMMERCIAL pressures have a negative impact on science ?
This debate has been raging for so long that it usually raises little more than a shrug of indifference .
That is no longer a defensible response .
A new report from our organisation , Scientists for Global Responsibility ( SGR ) , exposes problems so serious that we can no longer afford to be indifferent to them .
The report looks at the impact of five commercial sectors on science and technology over the past 20 years .
The damaging influence of two of these , pharmaceuticals and …
' My Second Birth ' Discovering Life in Vegetative Patients
For over 20 years , doctors thought Rom Houben was brain dead .
But then , neurologist Steven Laureys discovered that the Belgian was very much awake .
Experts say that up to 40 percent of those thought to be in a persistent vegetative state are , in fact , quite conscious .
1 . Use a can of compressed air to get the dust out of those hard to reach places like in - between lugs and under the foot pedals of your drums .
2. Drum Teachers :
Use flash cards as part of your drum lessons to help your students learn note values , dynamic markings , etc .
You can make them yourself on 3 X 5 index cards .
3 . Have a " Do n't Forget " list for all your instruments and related drum gear .
Be sure to include such things as extra drum heads , drum sticks , mics and mic cables , metronome , duct tape , etc .
This list will help you to never have one of those gut - wrenching moments when you realize you left something at home 2 hours away .
Tip :
If you have n't checked out DRUM BUM , you 're missing out !
Join 20,000 drummers a day at one of the world 's hottest drum destinations .
4. Listen to " all " styles of music .
This boosts your creativity on the drums and makes you more aware of how to approach these styles if you ever confront them in your band .
5 . For dried up duct tape residue on your cymbals or drum stands , invest in a bottle of " Goo Gone " .
This stuff is amazing ( and even smells good ! ) .
6 . Teaching drums is an excellent motivator .
You 'll learn a lot and your students will constantly keep you challenged during their lessons .
When you 're able to articulate your point about any given subject , it 's then that you truly understand it .
When you 're ready , consider offering drum lessons to beginner students .
You 'll grow , learn , and get better at teaching .
Good drum teachers are in demand !
7. Play " heel up " on the bass drum for more power and speed .
The heel down bass drum technique will work but requires a bit more effort .
Also , it 's easier to play heel up technique with quick drum fills .
Free Drum Lessons
Check out the Drums Database with links
to over 500 Free Drum Lessons and Tabs .
Drumsticks with your Name
Get your very own personalized
drumsticks with YOUR NAME on them !
8. Books :
There are many good drum method books that are not out in the limelight but are brilliantly written with top notch drum lessons .
They may not be published through Warner Brothers or Hal Leonard , but the content is still top notch .
Check out magazine reviews in drum publications , the web , etc. for independent book publishers .
9. Gaffers Tape :
Ever hear people talk about " gaffers tape " and wonder what they 're referring to ?
Although it is similar to duct tape , gaffers tape leaves no residue on your drums , is a bit thicker and easier to tear .
It 's also considerably more expensive .
Visit FindTips.com for 1000 's of tips on everything !
10 . The Library : Do n't forget your local Library as a rich resource of information about drums , drumset , and overall drumming and percussion ( CDs , reference books , music history , etc. ) .
11 . Soundproofing :
To truly soundproof a drum room , you must create air channels between wall layering .
We will be describing this in more detail later .
12 . Warming up before a gig .
This is terribly underestimated .
Spend 20 to 30 minutes warming up with drum rudiments and related sticking exercises .
Practice them with music playing through a Walkman .
It 's a great motivator and you 'll be very loose when you get ready to play .
13 . Drum Set 101 : It 's a bit of a misconception that you always need a drumset to work out drum licks or patterns .
One can still have an effective practice by playing in the air ( air drums ) and / or tapping on their legs .
The main idea is to go through the motions so you form some amount of muscle memory .
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips , drum secrets , drum tricks , drum fills , or drum lessons with us !
If you play drums and have a special drum tip , we welcome your submission .
14 .
Use your band 's board tape to know what to practice and clean up .
Sometimes you 'll be surprised to learn that the drum fill you 're so proud of in a particular tune , may in fact not be coming out right .
Try to practice drums as cleanly as possible .
15 . Monitor Mixes :
Try to get a " medium " volume from your sound guy .
You can then go down or up from there .
Low volume mixes will help you play softer if necessary .
Mixes that are too loud can not only be physically harmful to your ears but they can sometimes cause confusion .
16 . Have a " Don't forget " list for packing up your drums before you head out the door .
This works !!
Type it out on your PC ( O.K. , your Mac ) and maybe laminate it .
You can keep this in your stick bag as well to make sure you have everything before you leave for your gig .
17 . A typical Latin rhythm section would include three percussionists .
A Bongocero ( bongo player ) , Conguero ( conga player ) , and a Timbalero ( timbale player ) .
Each percussionist plays a vital role in the groove as well as the dynamics of a band .
These three musicians stay in constant sync with each other .
18 . Check your form :
Often times existing problems on drumset stem from the most unsuspecting origins .
Are you hitting the drums straight up and down ?
Are you too far back on the stick ?
Are you too close to the bass drum ?
Do you lean in when you play drum fills ?
19 .
Song form :
Have a thorough understanding of song form ( ex : aaba or vs , vs , ch , vs ) so that you can more easily navigate the music and know where you are at all times in the chart .
19 . Use the Web !
The internet has become a tremendous source of information over the last 20 years .
It can be used for finding drum lessons , drum teachers , drum fills , drum shops , drum links directories , artist pages , manufacturers ' sites , drum clinic dates , and even drum forums and newsgroups covering just about every drums and percussion subject you can imagine .
20 . Stick Twirling : A terrific form of showmanship for a drummer .
And now easily easily accessible through Steve Stockmal 's new book and DVD , " Drumstick Spinology : How to Spin Drumsticks " .
Do n't just play the drums but spin those drumsticks !
Famous drummers from Gene Krupa on up made use of drumstick spinning to liven up their drum solos .
DrumBum.com carries this Book and DVD .
Do n't miss the free drum video sample of Steve demonstrating stick spins from the Spinology book .
DRUM STICKS
21 . Why read music ?
Besides the obvious , one of the best reasons for reading drum music is the fact that you can teach yourself anything on drums out of a book or a magazine without having to continually take drum lessons .
22 . Paiste ( cymbals ) is officially pronounced " pie-stee " , not pastee , or paystee .
23 . Drum Tricks -
A trick for playing slightly behind the beat :
With your dominate hand on the hi-hat and other on the snare , play a flam on your backbeats ( 2 and 4 ) so that the snare falls slightly behind your hi-hat hand .
It works ! -
Be sure to use a metronome to assist you with staying in time .
24 . A lick a day , keeps the doctor away :
If you learned just one new drum lick a day , that 's 365 new drum licks or drum fills a year !
Think about it . - A new approach to drum practice .
25 . Did you know that in Latin American countries , people clap the clave rhythm ( 2/3 or 3/2 ) to the music instead of 2 and 4 as we do here in the US ?
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
26 . Drugs are a dead end road !
Practically every other biography on VH - 1 is about a drug addicted rock star who either OD'd or is finally finding the light some 30 years later .
Enough said .
Be smart and learn from those before you .
They 'd give anything to be in your place and do it all over again .
27 . Singles and Doubles .
Drum rudiments are made up of doubles and singles .
Learn to play these as cleanly , evenly , and correctly as possible .
Do the same with doubles .
They make up all the rest !
Practice and master this on the drums and you 'll find everything else comes a lot easier .
This applies to those that play the rock band game too !
28 . A Bongo drums player ( in a Latin combo ) has two jobs ; to play the bongos throughout the verse or " down " sections of a song and to play a rock solid bongo bell ( campana pattern ) during choruses or " up " sections of the musical piece .
29 .
Think twice before cleaning those cymbals !
Many of the old pros swear by that crusty old dirt that 's engraved in cymbals .
They claim , more often than not , that it gives them a real warm sound that adds character and body to their overall sound .
30 .
Do n't underestimate showmanship !
Many players snub this aspect of drumming .
While it 's certainly not required , it does increase your overall marketability .
Additionally , besides being fun , the crowds eat it up .
Remember Buddy Rich playing drums on the Muppet 's show ?
Incredible !
31 . Are your highs high and your lows low ?
Although most of us are aware of dynamics , we often do n't spend enough time practicing dynamics in drumming .
We have a concept of what dynamics are but we do n't always pay enough attention to it or we do n't give it enough thought while we 're actually playing .
Remember that dynamics are " extremely " important in the big music picture .
32 . Keep a journal with your drum practicing ideas in it .
It assures visual recognition as well as aural and increases the rate of learning / memorization for drumming .
33 . Understand speaker feedback and how it can be reduced or eliminated .
This way you can assist when there is n't a good sound man around to help with your drum sound .
34 . Study a melodic instrument ( not just drumset ) .
This will give you a valuable understanding of harmony , chord structure and overall music theory .
You can then be more involved in the arranging of your band 's songs .
You can also write your own drum charts more efficiently .
Free Drum Lessons
Check out the Drums Database with links
to over 500 Free Drum Lessons and Tabs .
Drum Stick Tricks
Learn how to twirl your drumsticks .
Spin drumsticks and juggle drumsticks !
35 . Do n't quit your day job !
Many musicians pride themselves in never having worked a day job .
While our attempt is not to put them down , we would advise working day jobs now and then to help instill and reinforce a work ethic .
This teaches you how to work hard and reminds you what the rest of the world is doing .
36 . Take a lesson from the pros .
Many musicians discontinue their study after college or after getting out of " little league " ranks ( so to speak ) .
You owe it to yourself to take an occasional lesson or two from a major hitter .
Famous drummers usually lay things on you that you would never expect .
Some of the greatest players out there still study with their idols .
37 . Walk to the beat of a different drummer .
Be your own player .
Be an " individual " drummer .
Strive to develop your own distinct style on the drums that will make you unique .
Do something different .
Have a niche .
This could be from mastering one particular technique to standing on your head while you 're drumming ... just be different in some way .
38 . A Conga player ( in a Latin combo ) carries the bulk of the percussion groove by typically playing a straight 8th note pattern that repeats ( known as tumbao ) .
One places emphasis in the conga tumbao with a slap on beat " 2 " and open tones on beats " 4 " and the " and " of " 4 " .
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips for playing the drums .
Do you have tips , drum tricks , or drum lessons ?
If you play drums and have a special tip to share , we welcome your submission .
39 .
The Timbale player is most closely associated with the " drummer " of the band .
His job is to hold time and to setup band figures using drum fills .
40 .
Shoot for the stars , and you might just hit the moon !
If you set your goals high , you will likely go much farther in life because you have a longer way to go and you 'll work harder to get there .
41 . Inventory your equipment : Log all of your instruments , take pictures of your drums ( all sides ) , and make up a separate page for serial numbers of your drums .
42 . Say it , then play it .
The best way to learn a new rhythm or drum fill on the drums during drum practice is to say it out loud first .
This allows the brain another method of comprehending it .
43 . Transcribing : Learning a new drumbeat ?
Write it out .
Transcribing is one of the best ways to learn rhythms , drum beats , and drum fills and will help your overall comprehension of music theory and composition .
So next time you 're learning a complicated beat , try transcribing it first .
44 . Videotape yourself playing drums .
You will be amazed at what you can learn from this .
Everything from that stupid look on your face while your playing the drums , to the snare drum that 's tilted at a 45 degree angle .
If it has to do with Drums , you 'll find it at Drum Bum !
45 . Do n't forget to practice your double stroke roll as triplets ( Ex. RRL , LRR , LLR , RLL ) .
Use a metronome in the beginning to help keep you on track .
46 . Midi -
It 's here to stay .
It is a bit of our past and certainly our future .
You 're not obligated to partake but remember , everything helps in this highly competitive field .
At least familiarize yourself with the very basics of electronic drumming and how to use basic electronic drumsets and drum sound modules .
Electronic drumming and midi is here to stay .
47 .
You can make your own plastic cymbal sleeves for your cymbal stands .
Go to the hardware store and purchase a foot of plastic tubing slightly larger than the shaft of where the cymbals will sit .
Simply cut it in 1 " ( or so ) lengths , slip 'em on your cymbal stands and you 're ready to rock !
48 . Drummers get a lot of flack .
We get blamed for tempo fluctuations , etc .
Many other musicians have never even practiced with a metronome , but they 'll often be the first to speak up about it .
Take the time to talk to your bandmates about the importance of their contribution to timekeeping .
49 .
Do n't snub the groove !
And do n't put down drummers who make their living off of a strong backbeat .
They are valuable commodities .
Just ask the musicians who play with them .
They have a feel on the drums that usually can't be surpassed .
50 . Chops ... it 's not a dirty word !
Respect the time those drummers have devoted to their vocabulary .
They are often more creative players with tons of drumbeats , exciting drum fills , and lots of chops in general .
They have much to offer the world of music and deserve our respect .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
51 . Drum Tricks :
Try to practice drums 20 minutes instead of 2 hours .
This is a little self - applied psychological trick that really works !
After 20 minutes , you usually feel propelled to practice much longer anyway .
You want drumming to be fresh and exciting , not dreaded .
52 . Networking is equal to , if not more important , than practicing drums .
Remember ; " out of sight , out of mind " .
Networking is advertising ( or marketing ) .
Ask any business about the importance of advertising .
You are , in fact , a business .
You are the product ( service ) and you need to be " sold " to others .
If they do n't know how to find you , you will not work in a band .
53 .
For a great practice pad idea , take an old mousepad and cut it to fit a slab of wood .
Mount it to a drum stand or simply sit it on a snare stand .
Wholla , ... a new practice pad !
And it will even fit into your stickbags .
54 .
A typical timbale player setup consists of two , single headed drums ( macho / hembra ) a high - pitched cha-cha bell , wood block , a lower pitched mambo bell , and generally a cymbal .
55 .
Be competitive but not backstabbing .
That kind of thing is not only unhealthy , but it will come back to haunt you .
Do n't burn bridges .
We 're all in this together .
56 .
To better understand time signatures , visually think of dividing a pie into halves , quarters , eighths , etc .
When it 's in quarters , imagine putting a cutout of a quarter note on each slice and then slice that piece in two .
You will then need to use two eighth notes for each and soon this will provide a better understanding of rhythmic values .
This is also a great teaching method for your students .
57 .
Repetitiveness is the key to learning half of what 's out there .
Add to your drum lessons routine the word " repeat " .
Play those drum grooves , beats , and fills over and over again .
Overlearn it !
You will usually not get something down good unless it 's repeated over and over again numerous times .
58 .
Teaching drums is one of the best learning tools for drummers !
When you teach another student how to play drums , it not only forces you to stay on top of things , but you will learn from the student much of the time .
It is a great motivator .
Drummer Tshirts
Quality , screen - printed Drummer Tshirts .
Tshirts with Drums , Drumsets , and Sayings !
Free Drum Tabs
Check out the DrumTabs Database
with links to hundreds of Drum Tabs .
59 .
Go to drum conventions such as the Percussive Arts Society International Convention ( PASIC ) or the annual Namm show .
There is a wealth of information there from product information and drum clinics to valuable educational seminars .
You 'll also have a chance to meet many of your favorite drummers !
60 .
The business of drumming : Study marketing and other business related books .
This is invaluable information that can help you propel your career .
61 . Use a large drum cover in your bass drum instead of a pillow .
That way you 'll have it to cover your drums if you need it and it will come out of a hole a lot better ( if you have a hole in your drumhead ) .
It will also allow you more muffling flexibility than a pillow on the inside of the drum due to the fact it can be arranged to touch both heads .
62 . Be the best drummer alive !
Eat , sleep , and breathe drums !
Work hard and let nothing stand in your way of being the best drummer you can possibly be !
63 . Tumbao is a standard timekeeping pattern that is associated with the congas , bass , and sometimes timbales in Latin music .
64 . Practice your feet equally as aggressive as your hands .
Think of your feet as if they were another set of hands .
They need the same amount of attention on the drums .
You want your drum playing to be rounded out and not top heavy .
65 .
Playing your drums ought to be as comfortable as driving your car .
If you have to reach too far in either direction , it will work against your overall balance and positioning .
Check your positioning on the kit and make sure you 're comfortable .
This is a great tip for rock band too !
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips , drum secrets , drum tricks , or drum lessons with us !
If you play drums and have a special tip , we welcome your submission .
WIN A FREE DRUM T-SHIRT
66 . Deduct EVERYTHING !
Us drummers are self - employed ( most of the time ) .
We operate as a small business and a small business has full legal right to deduct expenses .
Hire a tax consultant .
Negotiate a reasonable fee and make sure you have receipts for everything .
As a consultant once advised , " Even if you deduct too much and are audited , you will still be better off by paying backtaxes or a small fine , as compared to losing an enormous amount of money through the years by not trying . "
67 . Weather Tip : Careful with keeping your drums in too much extreme weather .
Humidity , extreme hot , or cold can wear your drums down over time .
68 .
Your duct tape roll makes a great drink holder for your drums .
Set it down to the right of your bass drum foot where it can't be knocked over .
Instant drumset accessory !
69 .
Use your spare time wisely .
Especially if you 're on the road .
The older you get in life , the more you realize just how precious time is .
Time should be savored , prioritized , managed , and respected .
Use your spare time to write a book , prepare for your private lessons , educate yourself , etc .
70 .
Do n't forget mental practicing .
Do n't have time for drum lessons or practicing ?
This is an often overlooked , highly effective practicing method .
There have been numerous studies on this and it does work .
You can sit on a bus or a plane and visualize yourself playing through drum patterns .
Go over them in your mind repetitively just as you would on your real drums .
71 . Do n't drink sodas on every band break .
The temptation is enormous because it 's usually free in bars and it tastes great .
But think about the numbers that we put away per break , per night , per week , etc .
This is n't doing your body a bit of good .
Fill up a 1 / 2 gallon jug of water and give your body what it needs .
You want to be playing drums when you 're 60 .
Take care of yourself .
72 . Include the Nashville number system into your drum reading repertoire .
It does n't take that long to learn and ...
Country has had a huge impact on pop music in recent years .
Nashville is one of our music capitals and if you ever have an opportunity to record there , you will need to be prepared .
Additionally , this system is already in use in many smaller studios around the country .
Drum Lessons
Teach yourself Drums with Pro Drum Lessons Online
73 . Drum Tuning Secrets :
Did you know that most all Latin drums are tuned in a circular motion and not point to point like snare drums or toms on the drumset ?
74 . Drum Lessons : A terrific exercise is this version of " WIPEOUT " incorporating single , double , and triple paradiddles .
Repeat over and over until you build up your speed .
This is a great drum exercise for hand to hand control .
R l r r , L r l l , R l r l r l r r , L r l r l l , R l r l r r , L r l l ( Capital letters are Accented notes )
75 . Protect your reputation .
Settle arguments and debates with your band members as diplomatically as you can .
Give 110 % to your band and help with all aspects of the business .
If you have a good attitude and are doing your job , you 'll always have a good reputation in the music industry .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
76 . Diplomacy is everything !
If you disagree with your fellow musicians about something , bite your tongue !
Keep your cool and approach the matter patiently and with great thought before you speak .
Do n't burn any bridges by saying the wrong things .
You just might have to walk back over those bridges one day .
77 . Protect your ears !
We can't stress this enough .
Most musicians take this for granted .
Buy a good set of ear plugs and start using them , especially while you practice .
Drums are quite loud and ongoing exposure is detrimental .
78 . Think deterrents .
Keep your drums hidden and / or covered in your car or van .
Take extra precaution at clubs and venues .
Cover your drumset .
Make sure someone is always around when you 're not there .
Do n't underestimate the thief .
He 's just waiting for you to let your guard down .
79 .
It 's about time .
Our primary responsibility before anything else is to lay down a steady drum beat for the band .
This is before drum fills .
You should understand " groove " thoroughly and be able to lay a backbeat down like nobody 's business .
Drum fills are secondary .
Do n't forget to use a metronome or drum machine during your drum practice sessions .
This will help ensure accuracy and imporve your overall time .
80 . Drum Tuning Tips :
Do n't be afraid to crank down your bongos when tuning them .
Too often people confuse the sound a bongo should make with congas or djembes .
Bongos should be able to pierce above all of the drums with your fingertips .
More on drum tuning .
Gifts for Drummers
81 . Do n't underestimate posture .
This is one of the most overlooked facets of drumming .
Sit up straight when you 're playing the drums so your back is aligned properly .
82 . Time Management -
Here is a famous writing that will inspire you to manage your time more effectively so that you 'll have more time to practice drums .
83 . Engrave your cymbals and drums .
Drummers who engrave the bottom of their cymbals with their phone number or ID number
If they ever get stolen , this will increase the likelihood of you ever seeing them again .
84 .
For those that use a drumset rack :
Take white gaffers tape and mark each section where a stand goes with a number .
Put the stands in sequential order and anyone will be able to set up your kit effortlessly .
85 . It 's RHYTHM not rythem .
Come on guys , we need to know this stuff !
Let us help a little : The Reason He Yearns Tonight is His Music .
86 . Vintage drums are " old " drums .
They make great collectibles and some drummers are real serious about this hobby .
For a great resource , check out " Not So Modern Drummer " magazine .
There is a lot of vintage drum information there .
87 .
Do you get a ringing sound from your cymbal stands when you play ?
Fill the hollow tubing of the stands with strips of cloth .
88 . Clave is an instrument AND a rhythm .
Claves are two wooden sticks that are played by striking the two together .
There are many different types of claves ( i.e. rosewood , and now even synthetics . )
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips for playing the drums .
Do you have tips , drum tricks , or drum lessons ?
If you play drums and have a special tip to share , we welcome your submission .
89 .
Many pro drummers " pitch match " their drumsticks by holding one in the air and tapping it with the other stick .
They listen to the pitch and then reverse to listen to the pitch of the second drumstick .
If the pitch is exact ( or real close ) , they buy them .
While this drumsticks tip is controversial ( some think it goes a bit overboard ) , many drummers swear by it .
90 . Keep an Emergency Tool Kit ( repair kit ) with your drums at all times .
This should include things such as a screwdriver , small hammer , extra snare wires , drum parts , etc. Remember that old Boy Scout motto : Be Prepared !
Keep an emergency drum repair kit with you .
91 . Insurance :
You should seriously consider insuring your drums .
You 'll then be covered
If they 're ever stolen or go up in a fire .
Check into the " Island Marine " policies or attach it to your homeowner 's insurance .
92 .
Set up your drums differently than other drummers .
Make your own unique statement .
Maybe when putting your drumset together for the first time , you can experiment with different drum set ups .
Try reversing your toms , adding a cowbell , timbale , or an extra snare drum .
93 . Support female drummers .
They 're paving their way in a male - dominated industry .
They 've worked very hard and deserve your respect .
Popular girl drummers of our time include Sheila E. , Gina Schock , Maureen Brown , Cindy Blackman , Hillary Jones , Patty Schemel , and numerous others .
94 .
Pay your drum teacher to come out to the gig now and then and evaluate your drum playing .
This will help your overall growth and drum teachers need an excuse to get out now and then . ;)
FAST TIPS - MOST POPULAR DRUMS
Most popular drumsets are Pearl , Tama , DW , Ludwig , Yamaha , Sonor , Pacific , and Gretsch .
95 .
True story : A famous drummer once asked his famous bandleader how to develop perfect time .
The bandleader said , " listen " .
96 . Subscribe to drum magazines and drum publications of all sorts .
The drum articles , interviews , tips and drum lessons contained within are invaluable to serious and dedicated drummers and all musicians .
97 .
Put your drumkey on a chain or rope and wear it around your neck .
It helps you to always know where it is ( and it makes great stagewear ! ) .
At the end of the night , you can throw it in your stickbag .
98 . Equipment maintenance : Do n't forget to oil your springs and lugs from time to time .
They can get packed with dirt and prevent your stands , pedals , and drum gear from working its best .
Free Drum Videos
99 .
The length of your drumstick matters !
There is a reason they come in different lengths .
Besides individual preference , longer sticks usually work best for drummers with shorter arms , and visa versa .
100 . " Memory " is the key to a lot of things .
Sharpen your memory and have greater success on stage and in the studio .
There 's nothing worse than forgetting your drum parts .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
101 .
Have fun !
We all started playing drums because it was fun ( and to get girls ) .
Do n't lose sight of this and get jaded .
Work hard but keep an open mind .
Keep playing drums fun !
102 . Everything is hard ... until you learn it .
Think about it !
- Playing drums is easy !
Practice hard and you 'll see just how easy being a great drummer is .
103 . Teaching Drums :
The best way to know if you 've truly grasped a concept on the drums is to teach it to another drummer .
104 .
Practice doubles and single combinations with your favorite CD .
It makes practicing drums a bit more fun and you 'll usually practice for longer periods of time .
105 .
You reap what you sow .
Careful how you " sow " though .
If you 're practicing many hours but not getting anywhere , you may not be practicing correctly .
Set up a game plan and stick to it .
106 . Disabled Drummers Alliance ( DDA ) is an organization to support disabled drummers .
More info can be found by contacting them online .
- Please support Drumming.org .
107 . Practice Hard !
You 'll usually find that in searching for one thing , you 'll stumble across many other great drum ideas during drum practice .
So , let those creative juices flow !
108 . " A Prescription " :
Take all 40 drum rudiments and go through them leading with your weak hand .
Write down which ones you struggle with .
The result will be your practicing " prescription " .
Learn how to play drums for free , at the Drum Lessons Database .
109 .
Snare wires :
Do n't underestimate the importance of snare drum wires .
Make sure they 're straight and well - seated .
If not , replace them .
110 .
Purchase business cards for yourself and hand them out everywhere .
This not only gets your name in front of people but it reassures them of your professionalism .
They 'll know you 're serious if you 've taken the time to put a calling card together .
111 . Drumming
Tips for drum teachers :
Keep the time signature 2/4 instead of 4/4 while teaching younger students the basics .
It makes it less confusing for them and allows them to focus on the actual beat a bit more until they 've grasped things .
112 . Put address , phone , directions , etc. in your wallet so you do n't forget them .
There 's nothing worse than driving halfway to the gig , only to realize that you do n't know where you 're going .
113 . Drum Ethics :
No matter how tempting it is , do n't take a better offer just because it pays more .
Stand by your initial gig and the promise you made to your band .
114 .
After a drum lesson , go home and practice any drum beats , grooves , or fills right away on the drums while it 's still fresh in your head .
Otherwise you tend to forget a lot of what you learned .
Take lessons seriously .
You 're spending a lot of money so pay attention , take notes , make charts , organize your drum lessons , tape the lessons , and anything else you can think of to make the most out of it .
115 . The law of reciprocation .
If you help others , it " will " come back to you .
Try it and see !
Do something very special for someone in your life .
This could be anything from helping to teach a lower income child how to play drums ( for free ) , to starting a child sponsorship with a reputable charity .
There is a great feeling of self - worth and dignity that comes from these noble gestures and God mysteriously has a way of repaying you for each and every one .
- Life Lessons
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips , drum secrets , drum tricks , or drum lessons with us !
If you play drums and have a special tip , we welcome your submission .
WIN A FREE DRUM T-SHIRT
116 . Remember to KISS .
( Keep It Simple Stupid ) .
117 . Drumset players :
Use a double tom case ( where you put two toms in one case ) .
It 'll save you some time as you 'll have less drum cases to carry around .
118 .
Invest in a small portable handcart for your drums .
This thing can save you a lot of time and trouble on those gigs where the set up location is far from your vehicle .
119 .
Be nice to your soundman / monitor engineer .
They control your mix !
120 .
At soundchecks , do n't show off .
Hit the drums one by one and play nice steady drum beats .
Many times they just need a line level and do n't want you playing bombastic solos .
Only play out if they ask you to or if it's an acceptable routine in your band .
Chat about Drums , Drumming , Drummers , and Percussion
Now Featuring " Live " Chat at DrumChat.com tips forum .
121 . Famous people that were / are also drummers : Bob Crane ( Hogan 's Heroes ) , Mel Torme , Jenny Jones , Stevie Wonder , Sammy Davis Jr. , Bill Cosby , Dizzie Gillespie , Johnny Carson , Karen Carpenter , Doug Flutie , Donny Osmond , Gary Burghoff ( Radar from Mash ) , Jerry Lewis , Dana Carvey , Craig Ferguson , Billy Bob Thorton , Paul McCartney , Barbara Mandrell , and Emeril Lagasse .
Tipper Gore also plays a little drums as does Michael J. Fox , and Chevy Chase .
122 . Drum Tuning Tips -
Here 's a tuning quote : " Tuning a 3 yr. old drumhead is like polishing a turd .
Why bother , it 'll still be a piece of crap . " -
Well , kind of an abrupt statement about drum tuning but it gets the point across about how important it is to spend some time learning how to tune your drums properly .
There 's nothing better than a sweet sounding set of drums !
123 .
Adopt the " overlearn " concept .
It 's often not enough to just practice a drumbeat or lick for a couple of times on the drums and then think you have it .
To get stuff down to where you can play it on the drums without thinking about it , you must " overlearn " it .
124 . The Money Beat : Nashville studio drummer , Paul Leim often refers to the Money Beat .
The money drumbeat is 1 and 3 on the bass drum and 2 and 4 on the snare ( " Billy Jean " ) .
" If you want to make a good living playing drums in America , make sure you can play this simple beat with good time and lot 's of groove !
125 . Polyrhythms :
There tends to be an ongoing debate over the actual definition of a polyrhythm .
For the record , Webster 's Dictionary defines it as : " The simultaneous combination of contrasting rhythms in music " .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
126 .
For those that study Latin percussion in America , it is important to grasp the " big picture " so as to promote a well - rounded understanding of Latin drumming .
In many Latin countries , drums are deep rooted in their culture and there is a lifetime of information to be acquired .
Pace yourself when studying this vast spectrum of music .
127 . Relaxation is the key to a superior performance on the drums !
Practice relaxing during drum practice .
The more you do this during practice , the more it will translate on stage .
128 .
Warm up before a gig the same way a gymnast stretches before a competition .
You 'll be amazed at how much freer you are on the drums as a result .
129 .
Take the time to tune your drums before a gig .
Many drummers tend to let this go but you would be surprised how out of tune your drums can become due to playing , weather changes , and the like .
130 .
As an additional warm - up : before a performance , listen to music CDs or DVDs that inspire you .
You will usually play better as a result of the motivation you feel from the music .
131 . Consider practicing drums in 15 or 20 minute increments .
This will allow you to concentrate on many areas at once ( i.e. : 15 minutes for reading , 15 minutes for drum rudiments , etc . )
132 . Think " out of the box " when creating your drum sound .
Get original and aim to produce a unique drumset sound .
Practice drum fills and drum beats that have a creative flair that you can call your own .
133 . Drum Solo idea :
Make melodies on your toms ( like " Taps " ) .
This has been done for years and makes a good solo that much more entertaining for your musical audience .
Find ways to make your drum fills make a musical statement .
Learn more on how to play a drum solo .
134 . Rim Shot :
You know that sound you get when you turn the drumstick upside down and play it across the snare drum ?
Well , some people call that a " cross stick " and some people call it a " rim click " .
Whatever the case , it should n't be mixed up with a " rimshot " , " stick click " , or " stick shot " .
Thoroughly confused ?
135 .
Do n't forget to practice fast tempos .
It 's not enough to know how to play drum beats at moderate tempos .
Before you know it , someone will throw you a tune that 's blazingly fast .
You must be ready when the time comes !
Work fast tempos into your drumming practice .
136 .
Many drummers ... just need to work on the " transition " from one lick to another in a drum solo .
The objective should be continuity from one idea to another .
137 . Odd Time : Careful not to put too much emphasis on beat " 1 " of every bar when you 're playing odd time signatures .
You do n't do this while playing 4 / 4 and you should n't do it with odd time either .
138 . Practicing Drums :
It does n't matter how many hours you practice your drums but it's what you put into those hours .
Think !
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips , drum secrets , fills , drum tricks , or drum lessons with us !
If you play drums and have a special drums tip , we welcome your submission .
139 .
Wedding drummers : Keep a small Tupperware container with you at all times .
More often then not there is plenty of food and cake left over that they 'll offer the band to take home .
If you 've got a container , you 're going to take home some fabulous grub !
140 . Double Bass pedal .
One advantage to having a double pedal ( whether you play it that much or not ) is you 'll always have a spare .
141 .
Are there time problems in your band and you 're not sure why ?
Make sure the band has some of your hi-hat in their mix .
This will help everyone lock in a little better .
142 . Rudiments 101 : The speed of them is only as fast as your left hand ( or right hand , if you 're a lefty ) will allow .
Practice your weak hand diligently .
You 'll then notice all the drum rudiments becoming easier to play .
143 .
It 's " sextuplet " , not " septuplet " .
Young drummers often get these confused .
" Sep " is 7 , whereas " sex " is 6 .
144 .
To simulate a triangle or chime sound , strike the butt of the drumstick against the edge of the cymbal .
Pro drummers have been doing this for years .
145 .
Need a quick sizzle cymbal ?
Simply tape 4 or 5 pennies to the back of a 5 " strip of duct tape ( about 1 " wide ) and tape it to the bell of your ride cymbal .
This will allow your cymbal to sizzle as if it had rivets in it .
You can also do this with a bead chain .
146 . Drum Tricks -
Try this old trick :
To play a melodic tune on the tom - tom , push down on the drumhead with your hand or elbow while tapping on the drum .
With a little practice , you can come up with numerous little melodies and melodic drum beats around the drums for your drum solos .
147 . Drum Solo idea :
Play your drums with your hands .
The crowds love it !
John Bonham from Led Zeppelin helped popularize this .
- Drum Solos
148 .
Put your names on all your drum cases .
When you play gigs with other bands ( maybe you 're opening for another act ) , this will prevent them from being mixed up with the other band 's gear .
149 .
While playing a crosstick , hit the stick off the first tom rim and onto the snare drum .
This creates an interesting flam effect .
150 .
Rudiments : - The buzz roll is also called the " multiple stroke " bounce roll , the " press roll " , and the " crush roll " .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
151 . Feeling uninspired in the practice room ?
Set up your drumset or percussion set up backwards and play .
Although a bit awkward at first , it will stimulate many new drum ideas .
When putting together your drumset , think of different ways to set it up .
Think outside the box !
152 . Do n't forget ; your snare drum makes a great timbale with the snares off ( make sure any dampening is removed ) .
153 .
Use your floor tom as a ride !
Rock drummers have been doing this for years and it makes a great alternate riding sound for heavier rock beats or grooves .
154 .
Ca n't afford a double bass pedal ?
Put both feet on one single bass drum pedal and go to town !
It takes a bit of practice but it 's been pulled off by many drummers .
More on how to play double bass drum .
155 .
Double pedal hints :
You can angle your left foot and play both the left bass drum pedal and the high hat at the same time .
Famous drummer , Dennis Chambers popularized this .
Practice slow at first as it's a little tricky .
Free Drum Videos | Drum Tuning Tips | Rock Band Drum Tips
156 .
Want an interesting drum sound ?
Maybe as just a special effect for a song , play with 2 sticks in one hand .
( ala Steve Gadd on Paul Simon 's " Late in the Evening " )
157 .
Play rhythms on the rims of the drums ( ala ZZ top 's " LaGrange " ) .
This is a cool effect that will add a new element to your drum playing .
158 . Brushes Technique : Slap the stick on the rim with the bristles ¼ inch from the head , letting them bounce rapidly .
It creates a great vibrating effect .
159 . Drum Tricks - Old Brush trick :
Lay one brush down on the snare head and roll it back and forth with the palm of your hand .
This creates a neat flapping sound that can be manipulated to create even more interesting rhythms .
160 .
Cool bass drum effect :
Mount a tambourine to a stand and pack it with cloth .
Tape a bass drum mic to the bottom of it .
Very cool sound .
161 . Whoa horsey !
It 's common for drummers to practice drum grooves and especially drum fills too fast .
Until you can play things clean , you should keep it at a slow pace .
If you practice sloppy , you 'll learn it sloppy .
162 . Drum Tuning
Tips :
For a quick muffle ring , cut out the outer edge of an old snare head and place it on the snare drum to kill some of the overring .
More on how to tune your drums and different drum dampening techniques .
163 .
More helpfrul hints :
Use lithium grease to lube the lugs of your drums ( instead of WD - 40 ) .
You can get it at any auto parts store or K - mart .
WD - 40 does n't last as long and it attracts dirt and dust .
Auto parts stores have " spray " lithium grease .
Some companies , like Gibralter , make a bass pedal lube that will work for other stands too .
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips for playing the drums .
Do you have tips , drum tricks , or drum lessons ?
If you play drums and have a special tip to share , we welcome your submission .
164 . Drum Teachers :
To help your students understand 16th notes , have them say a 4 syllable word like " cat- er - pil - lar " .
The rhythmic syllables help them relate to the notes .
Use a metronome so they can see how it falls in relation to the quarter note pulse .
165 . Conga drummers and Latin players :
When using skin drumheads , ALWAYS tune down after each use .
This prolongs the elasticity of the head and allows for many more years of drumming from each drumhead .
Many drum companies offer synthetic heads .
There are pros and cons to these drum heads so try what works for you .
One important " plus " for synthetic heads on drums , is that you do n't have to tune them down after each use .
166 .
Hang posters of motivational sayings on your walls , even if it means scribbling the words , " PRACTICE HARD " on a sheet of paper and taping it above your drums .
Anything is helpful and will assist in getting you in that positive state of mind .
167 . Practice hitting the center of each drum ( this goes for all drums ) .
This will ensure you 're executing drum fills properly and getting the most tone out of each drum .
Occasionally you 'll play fills away from center when you desire a different tone or response from the head .
168 . Careful with your drum set on light colored carpet .
The metal from the foot pedals will rub against it and stain it .
Put an old blanket or some old rags down underneath the pedals and then set up your drumkit .
169 .
Beginning drummers always want to learn fancy drum beats and drum fills right away .
But you must crawl before you can walk .
Take the time to get the basics down real good on the drums and then you can tackle the more challenging stuff .
Do n't forget to visit a drum forum like drumchat.com to get advice from other drummers .
FAST TIPS - MOST POPULAR PERCUSSION
Most popular percussion brands are LP Latin Percussion , Toca , and Rhythm Tech .
170 .
Breathe freely when you play the drums .
Otherwise you stifle the flow of oxygen and cause your body to work harder .
This in turn will prevent you from being fully relaxed .
You should be relaxed as possible on the drums .
171 .
The union gets a bad rap sometimes from musicians , but we 're here to tell you that it does have great advantages .
They can provide affordable health insurance , instrument insurance , audition notices , and even protect your rights in many difficult band situations .
172 .
Take the time to put together a professional music resume for yourself .
You may need it one day for that pro gig you 've always dreamed of .
You 'll want to be ready if it happens .
173 .
Many educators and drum teachers recommend warming up on the practice pad with metal drumsticks or heavier practice drumsticks .
Use caution however and in moderation .
You want to strengthen your muscles , not tear up your bones .
Oh , and " never " play with aluminum drumsticks on the drumset , only on a practice pad .
174 . Practice drum rudiments in front of the TV .
Once you 've practiced a drum rudiment to a certain point where it simply involves repetition to get it faster , you can certainly put them on autopilot and practice them while watching your favorite show .
Just check your technique now and then to make sure your rudiments are clean , precise and on track .
175 . Careful not to use " abrasive " cleaners on your drums or cymbals .
You could end up ruining the finish .
This goes for drum polishes too .
Be sure you rub gently to help protect the finish of your drums .
If in doubt , just use soap and water or a glass cleaner .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
176 .
Sometimes your snare drum does n't sound good because it 's sitting on the bottom of the snare stand and it 's being choked .
Careful because this will also dent the bottom head .
177 . Myth : Drummers get all the chicks .
Not true ... Singers do !
All the more reason to be a singing drummer , huh ?
178 . Ergonomics :
The physical aspect of your playing ( posture , how you hit ) has a lot more to do with your playing than you think .
When you are properly balanced , you have a center , and when you are centered you can move more freely and relaxed without any wasted motion .
179 . Myth :
Pot makes you a better player .
Fact :
Pot makes you a pot head .
It eats up your brain cells AND your money .
Yea , you 'll be slightly more creative , but it 's been proven that the same level of creativity can be acquired drug - free .
- Check yourself
180 . Size matters !
The size of the pillow in the bass drum matters .
If it 's larger it will dampen more sound and if it 's smaller , it will allow the drum to resonate more .
Also pay attention to whether or not it 's touching the heads .
This will also greatly affect the outcome .
181 . Myth : Neil Peart is the greatest drummer in the world .
Fact :
It 's actually Ringo .
182 . Play your buzz roll on the side of the snare drum .
The head is tighter so the drumsticks will bounce more .
183 .
Slow it down :
Use a tape recorder with a pitch control to slow difficult drum parts down .
It makes learn drumbeats and drumfills a whole lot easier to learn .
184 .
For motivation and / or a point of reference , think about what you have succeeded at already .
Are you a good swimmer , football player , skateboarder ?
The way that you became good is by doing it " all " the time .
Think about it ; if you applied yourself the same way toward the drums , you will undoubtedly be equally as proficient .
185 .
Enter those drum contests in major drum magazines like Modern Drummer and DRUM magazine !.
They often give away huge drumsets and miscellaneous drum and percussion items .
Someone 's got to win those drumsets and cool drum accessories .
It might as well be you !
Also , these magazines are great resources for drum and percussion hints , tricks and secrets .
186 . " Scorewriter " is a good computer program to use for writing drum / drumset notation .
It is simpler to use than some of the other more sophisticated music programs .
This makes your drum lessons and transcriptions much cleaner and easier to read for the recipient .
187 .
Keep your gigs written in a calendar or logged in a PDA so that mistakes are n't made and you wo n't forget a gig .
Be sure to write down setup times and start times as well as location and relevant phone numbers and emails .
You can also log your drum lessons .
188 .
Use internet resources to help you find gigs and keep up with goings - on in the industry .
There are many great music staffing sites as well as valuable indie sites for musicians .
And do n't miss all the free drum lessons on the net that help spark ideas for grooves , drumfills , tuning and drum dampening techniques and cool drum beats .
Post Drum Tips
Share your tips , drum secrets , drum tricks , or free drum lessons with us !
If you play drums and have a special tip , we welcome your submission .
WIN A FREE DRUM T-SHIRT
189 .
Try not to separate your drums and stands when you bring them home from the gig .
You 're more likely to forget something the next time .
If you take an item from the pile , put a note there to remind you not to forget it when the time comes .
190 .
New drumheads :
Take the time to " seat " your drumheads by pressing down on the drum after it 's tensioned .
This allows the head to stretch slightly and conform to the shape of the drum and makes getting it in tune a lot easier .
191 . Drum Tricks - Soloing idea :
An old trick is to hook up a long plastic tube to the vent hole of your floor tom and blow air through it while you 're playing the drum .
This creates a really cool sound effect and the crowds love it !
192 . Sometimes you 'll be on the gig but just do n't feel like playing .
Try to keep a positive attitude anyway .
Pull yourself up by your bootstraps ( figure of speech ) and play your best .
Do n't slack off at all .
It 's Murphy 's Law that the minute you start slacking , you 'll see someone important in the room that needed to hear you at your best .
193 .
The spring on your bass drum pedal will stretch over time .
Be aware of this and adjust accordingly .
Replace it if you have to .
194 .
Standard drumhead types are single - ply , double - ply and coated heads .
The drumheads you use greatly affect the drums tone so take the time to experiment with different configurations .
195 .
Some drummers sand their drumsticks with sandpaper to remove the varnish .
They say it helps make them less slippery .
Of course , you can also use stick grip tape or drumsticks with grips built into them .
196 .
Make use of the memory locks that come with your drumset .
This helps save time and frustration when it comes to getting your drums set up the same way every time .
When putting your drumset together , put colored tape where the memory locks should go .
197 .
Hey sweaty butt !
Throw a towel over that seat to help reduce perspiration slide .
Slick vinyl on a drum throne traps water so a moisture absorber of some sort is necessary .
( Of course , there is always Depends ) .
198 .
Ever break your bass drum beater while at a gig ?
Simply find a screwdriver around the same size , turn it upside down with the shaft facing upward and screw it into place .
This will definitely hold you until you can buy a new one .
Just be careful not to play too hard with that screwdriver in there or you 'll ruin your bass drum head .
199 . Concentration :
We can't say enough about the importance of concentration .
The girl across the room will catch your eye but you may not want to stare too long because it will detract from your performance .
If you play music soley to pick up girls then so be it .
If you play to be the best , concentrate on your drumming and give your band 100 % .
200 .
Buy your Snare Drum Case slightly bigger than the snare drum itself so that you can fit some extra replacement drumheads or zero rings in there .
You can do this with the tom tom cases too .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
201 . Success is in the eye of the beholder .
For some , success means playing on television and / or with a big artist .
For others it is the simple attainment of wealth .
Websters describes success as eminence , wealth , and desired outcome .
We like to think of success as " the attainment of goals " and " being happy " .
202 . Roll your drumsticks on a flat countertop before buying them .
This way you 'll know if you 're getting a straight pair .
203 .
Careful not to tighten your wingnuts too tight on cymbal stands and drum stands .
This is often the cause of them stripping out .
Most of the time , wing nuts are designed to work efficiently with only moderate tightening .
204 .
If your bass drum head rips where the beater strikes , do not patch it with duct tape and continue playing .
The beater will play through the tape and pick up the residue , causing the beater to periodically " stick " .
Instead , use a piece of old drumhead cut into a square or circle and tape it onto the bass drum head from the sides .
205 .
Snare strainers are often held on by string or strips of plastic .
Well , if they break , and old trick is to cut strips of plastic from an old drumhead .
It 's just as strong and you wo n't be able to tell the difference .
Have them pre-made so they 'll be ready in case of an emergency .
206 .
Do you mic your drums ?
Do n't let the mic cords touch the drums as they hang .
This will interfere with any open tone you 're trying to achieve .
Also , do n't let the sound crew attach mic clips to your rims .
Ask them to attach them to the isolation mounts .
Otherwise it defeats the purpose of having isolation mounts .
207 .
Get it where you can :
Take the opportunity to make extra money by selling your band 's CDs , T - shirts and anything else that might be appropriate ( not Avon ) .
208 .
Put a Tip Jar in front of the stage .
You do n't necessarily have to announce but it leaves the opportunity for gracious fans to donate to the band if they wish .
Hey , every little bit helps right ?
A small amount of tips can sometimes pay that bar tab if nothing else .
209 .
Creeping bass drums 101 : Methods used to stop creeping bass drums on drumsets have included ( but are not limited to ) tying a rubber band from the bass drum pedal to the stool , using carpet , buying the " bass drum stop - creeping thingy " that they 've been selling in drum shops for years , sharpening the spikes , and more .
Check out the new TrapStrap product that 's newer on the market and for stopping bass drum creep .
Free Drum Videos
210 .
Keep your drum monitor close or use in ear monitors .
It helps keep the overall stage volume down .
211 .
Make your own multi rods drumsticks ( similar to Promark Hot Rods ) with dowel rods you can pick up at the hardware store .
Wrap them with shrink tubing for the handles and you 're set !
212 . Stencil " Lift by Handle " on all your drum cases .
Musicians or roadies helping you carry your drums love to grab them by the straps which of course ruins the straps .
Hopefully " Lift by Handle " will be a deterrent when they 're helping you with your drums .
213 . Learn how to spell !
Commonly misspelled drum words : Zildjian ( not : Zilgen , Ziljian , Ziljien or Ziljin ) .
Gretsch ( not Gretch , Gretsh , Grech , or Gretcsh ) .
Cymbal ( not cymbol , symbol , cymbel or simbel ) .
Come on drummers !
214 .
Need to get your bass drum foot faster ?
Play a samba rhythm for long periods of time .
Put on a medium fast samba tune that you can play along to and do this repetitively for a week .
You 'll definitely notice a difference in the rest of your bass drum playing !
215 .
Do you break drumsticks ?
Common reasons drumsticks break are ;
Playing too hard with a thin stick , hitting the rims too frequently , hitting the cymbals at the wrong angle , using cheap sticks and often just using the wrong size stick for the job .
216 .
Did you know .. that cymbals are one of the oldest instruments in history .
They go back thousands of years and have been used in just about every style of music imaginable .
Choosing cymbals can be daunting but you have many choices so take your time .
217 . Selling your drums ? -
You do n't have to be an expert to sell a set of drums but you will need a few tips .
Do n't try to price them too high or you 'll be sitting on 'em for awhile .
Be reasonable about the price considering the amount of wear the drums have received .
If you got them at a fair price , you should move them quickly .
Also , some drum forums have free classified sections for drums .
218 .
Your computer and various software programs ( Microsoft Office being one of them ) offer great tools to assist you in your music career .
There are templates in Word and Excell for mileage keeping and student records .
There are staff paper downloads and CD labels software .
There are free metronome downloads , music games and of course tons of music scoring software available for your computer .
If you 're not utilizing your computer in your music career , you 're missing out !
219 .
Practice your double stroke roll inverted .
( Ex : RLLR , RLLR , RLLR , RLLR ) .
And also as triplets ( Ex. RLL , RRL , LRR , LLR ) .
Experiment with inverted variations of different drum rudiments .
220 . Practice in front of a mirror .
This will help you check your form on the drums , as well as facial expression , posture and other bad habits you may have acquired on the drums .
221 .
Try to use a click track during your band rehearsals .
This helps refine the time in your band and will point out the weak time keepers .
It will also help you establish the tempos at which each particular song will groove the best .
You do n't have to necessarily play with a click on stage , but practicing with one together helps tremendously .
222 . Many drummers play with their eyes closed .
While this is understandable , it 's not advisable to leave them closed for too long .
You could miss out on important visual cues from your band members .
Drum Lessons | Drum Forum
223 . Drum Teachers :
Use themes that help get your students involved .
Do they play baseball ?
Use drum analogies that compare to baseball .
This is a proven technique that has worked for many drum teachers through the years !
224 . Snare Drum :
Turn off your snares when the other musicians are tuning their axes .
The sympathetic buzz drives everyone nuts .
They do n't want to hear your drums buzzing when they 're trying to tune up .
225 .
Do you know how to play " Wipeout " ?
Wipeout is one of those songs that goes hand in hand with drums themselves .
Audiences just expect us to know how to play it .
( They also think we like it .
- Ha ! )
Well , just like sax players know " Yakety Sax " , we need to know Wipeout .
It does n't have to be in your nightly set list .
Just educate yourself on the basic form and make sure you have the single stroke chops , speed and endurance to get through it .
There 's no greater feeling than to be able to step up to the plate when your name is called .
226 .
Mount a cowbell to the left side of your hi-hat cymbals .
While playing a 16th note groove pattern , put your left hand ( or visa versa if your left handed ) on the cowbell and play upbeat 16ths .
This creates the coolest funk groove ever and makes it sound like 2 drummers playing simultaneously !
Do n't forget to alter those left hand notes to be very dynamic ( soft to loud ) .
227 . Be creative .
Try not to get too locked into the same old drum set up and sound .
Try different drum sounds for different band settings .
Experiment with odd size drums , unique drumsticks , brushes , drumheads , trashy cymbals and unique percussion instruments .
Try playing some drumfills or solos with mallets or put a conga drum or bongos on the left side of your drumset to add color .
228 . Start a " Practice Log " for yourself .
Include things from your lessons , song and beat transcriptions , personal goals and drum tips that you 've picked up along the way .
You can even include notes that you 've taken from clinics and maybe even pictures of famous drummers that you aspire to play like one day .
Get creative with it and use it as another source of motivation for your drumming career .
DRUMTIPS.com
Over 2000 Tips , Tricks , and Secrets for Drums !
Drums - Drumsets - Drummers - Percussion to top of page
229 .
Do n't sleep too much .
This is a terrible habit of musicians .
I do n't mean to spoil the party , but sleep can work against you .
Time is precious and the older you get , the faster time seems to slip by .
Get up at a reasonable hour , get on your drums , practice hard ... and be successful !
230 . Support your local drum shop .
They 're having to compete against deep - pocketed superstores like Guitar Center and it's not easy .
Do you want your local drum shops to stick around ?
Then get out of the habit of always wanting the absolute cheapest price .
Pay a few more dollars and keep these guys in business .
Take drum lessons there and buy your drum gear there .
Get to know them on a first name basis .
You 'll then have that special shop to go where it 's nothing but wall to wall drums , and drumsets , but more importantly first class service and close friends !
231 .
Keep your eye on the paper for concerts and drum clinics put on by your local colleges .
They 're often open to the public and for a small fee you can attend and see some fantastic drummers , and their awesome drumming !
232 . Get out of the " comfort zone " ( with regard to playing in the same band for too long ) .
This is extremely important .
Many drummers get burned out because they just stay in one place too long .
They 'll outgrow the band but wo n't want to leave , either because of the money or because they 're scared and do n't know where to go .
You 've got to keep pushing forward .
Keep moving " up " , not sideways .
Try to always be playing in bands where the other musicians are better than you .
Be courageous and take risks .
They 'll pay off in the long run .
233 . Cheap Drumsticks :
Do n't use your good sticks to practice with ( you know those $ 12 drumsticks you bought at the drum shop down the road ? ) .
Buy a pair of cheap drumsticks to practice with so your good ones will last longer .
Just make sure that the cheap ones are straight and evenly matched .
FAST TIPS - MOST POPULAR ELECTRONIC
Most popular electronic drums are Roland , Pintech , Yamaha , and Hart Dynamics .
234 .
Want to go to school for just drums ?
Move beyond standard drum lessons and check out some of the more popular drum schools include Percussion Institute of Technology ( PIT ) , Los Angeles Music Academy ( LAMA ) , Berkley College of Music , Drummer 's Collective , Musitech , North Texas State University and University of Miami .
The expert drummers often come from distinguished schools such as these .
235 .
Make your own shaker .
Simply take a small recycled can , jar or plastic bottle and fill it with beans , bb's , rice or pebbles .
Glue it firmly shut or tape it real good so that it is n't a hazzard .
Then experiment .
Use your imagination and come up with your own shaker sound !
236 . Cymbal Polish : Careful when you 're cleaning cymbals .
The " brilliant " type cymbals require a special non-abrasive cleaner that wo n't strip the lacquer coating .
237 .
Wax those bearing edges .
Pro drum techs do this to help the head " seat " better on the drum .
More on Drum Tuning .
238 .
Having trouble coming up with drum fill ideas ?
Try emulating drum fills of your favorite drummers off of their cd's .
Also , take some of the 40 drum rudiments and divide up the sticking patterns around the drums to make cool drumfills .
You can also take a reading book like the Jake Hanna book and orchestra the reading exercises around the drums .
Practice these and it will spark many drum fill ideas !
239 .
If you sit in on someone else 's drumset , try not to move things around too much .
Although they will often tell you it 's OK , keep things as close to where they already had it set up as possible .
If you have to move some of the drums and cymbal stands , please put them back when you 're through .
This is just common courtesy .
Drummers are usually funny about their drum set up .
240 . Pay attention to your crosstick sound .
Many drummers do n't take it seriously enough .
Go for that " sweet spot " on the stick ( it 's different on every drumstick ) where the sound is warm and rich .
It will make that power ballad sound that much more full and pleasing to the ear .
241 . Practice playing softly .
We all seem to know how to play with great force but what separates the men from the boys ( as they say ) are those that know how to play quietly when called upon .
If it has to do with Drums , you 'll find it at DrumBum.com .
242 . Stay with brand name drums and cymbals if possible .
They usually hold up better and have greater resale value .
Brand name drums are Pearl , Tama , DW , and Yamaha Drumsets .
Brand name cymbals are Zildjian , Sabian , Meinl , and Paiste , among others .
- More on Buying a Drumset
243 .
If you 're a touring drummer , be sure to take your favorite drumsticks and drumheads on the road with you .
Music stores in small towns wo n't always have the drum supplies you need .
244 . Careful not to grip the drumstick too tight .
You do n't want to be too tense when you play .
On the contrary , do n't hold the stick too loose .
If you 're not keeping your fingers underneath , you 're more prone to dropping your drumsticks on a regular basis .
245 . Forget about internal muffling for your snare drum or tom toms .
That muffling technique has been proven substandard .
Explore the many external drum dampening methods including zero rings , duct tape , napkins and drum dampening attachments .
Whether you play in a rock band or a mainstream jazz group , you must learn how to muffle your drums effectively to get the optimum sound for that specific style of music .
246 . Remember to " Make Music " when you play .
Drummers sometimes get too wrapped up in simple ( and sometimes stagnate ) time keeping .
We have a tremendous and colorful palette in front of us and we owe it to ourselves , our bandmembers and our audience to contribute artistically by coloring the music tastefully .
" Tastefully " is the key word here .
Do n't forget that .
247 .
Get your head out of the chart !
It 's great to be a confident reader but trust in your ability and take your eyes away from the paper now and then .
This will allow you to focus on the groove .
248 .
How to dress up a drum fill : Play a 16th note fill down the toms ( You know , the old 1e&a , 2e&a , 3e&a , 4e&a bit . )
Now add a flam to the fill on beats " 1 " and the " e " of 3 .
Now we can take it a step further by adding an 8th note triplet on beat " 4 " .
Throw in a bit of dynamics and you 'll start to see a simple drumfill come alive !
Free Drum Videos Studio Drumming Tips Cool Drum Fills
249 .
Some drummers struggle with what the bottom number of a time signature means .
They understand that there is 4 beats to a measure in 4 / 4 time but do n't always understand the bottom " 4 " number .
Well , it simply means " quarter note " ( like one fourth is a " quarter " of a pie ) .
The bottom number always means a " note " such as an 8th note ( 4/8 time signature ) , 16th note ( 4/16 time signature ) and so on .
There can't be a time signature like 4 / 7 because there is no such thing as a " 7th " note . -
Get it ?
250 .
When you hear the word " waltz " , play in 3/4 time .
When you hear " cut time " , play in 2 / 2 .
When you hear " slow blues " , be prepared to play in 12/8 time .
When you hear " jazz ballad " , consider your wire brushes .
When you hear , " country ballad " , consider a cross stick .
251 . Celebrate ' National Drumming Day ' on November 15th .
Create your own drum circle or give out free drum lessons to promote your name .
If you teach at a drum shop or music store , you could have the owners sponsor you and give a discount for trying out a lesson on that day .
For more information on National Drumming Day , visit Drumming.com .
Tips for Winning a Drum Off Competition
More Tips Here
DrumTips.com - 1000 's of DRUMMING TIPS for Drums and Percussion
including drum set lessons , marching percussion , snare drum , hand drumming and drum tuning .
Buying tips , frequently asked questions , information on buying drums and drumsets ( acoustic or electronic drums ) including tips on buying used drums and used drumsets , teacher tips , drum tricks , double bass drumming , reading , drum rudiments , drumstick spinning or twirling , warm ups , drum fills , how to put a drumset together , cool rock drumbeats , blues beats , shuffles , drum fills , drumstick tricks , freehand technique , moeller method , and more !
You can take formal drum lessons but you can also teach yourself drums through helpful tips and links at DrumTips.com .
This goes for Rock Band game drummers too !
If you have drum tips , please post them on our site !
Want to know how to get better at drumming ?
- DrumBum.com
HOME | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14
Drum
Tips that " you " submitted .
- Thank you !
SEARCH DRUMTIPS.COM ...
... and you may just find tips on Carter Beauford , Adrian Young , Tommy Lee , Neil Peart , Cindy Blackman , Buddy Rich , Matt Sorum , Tommy Aldridge , Zoro , Billy Ward , Dennis Chambers , Tony Royster Jr. , Steve Smith , Steve Gadd , Bobby Rock , Louie Bellson , Jack DeJohnette , Danny Carey , Chad Wackerman , Pat Petrillo , Virgil Donati , Ringo Starr , John Blackwell , Jeff Hamilton , Chad Smith , Max Roach , Tony Williams , Rod Morganstein , Curt Bisquera , Horacio Hernandez , Joey Kramer , Lars Ulrich , Alex Acuna , Art Blakey , Art Verdi , Vinnie Colaiuta , Kenny Aronoff , Billy Kilson , Hal Blaine , Keith Carlock , Mike Portnoy , Joey Jordinson , Terry Bozzio , Will Kennedy , Paul Wertico , Tim Alexander , Mike Mangini , Johnny Rabb , Tom Brechtlein , Liberty Devito , Pat Petrillo , Mike Clark , Ndugu Chancler , Peter Chris , Tommy Igoe , Thomas Lang , Mickey Hart , Bermuda Schwartz , Dave DiCenso , Billy Ashbaugh , Ignacio Berroa , Roy Haynes , Clayton Cameron , Peter Magadini , Eric Singer , Joey Heredia , Dom Famularo , Bill Bruford , Gary Husband , and many more !
COOL LINKS
Though Coloradans voted to legalize marijuana for medicinal use nine years ago , certified medical - marijuana users , many of whom are battling chronic pain , are being evicted from federal housing .
That ’s because federal law categorizes marijuana as an illegal drug .
Two Colorado men are fighting such evictions in court and similar battles are taking place in 13 other states that allow medical - marijuana use , according to The Post ’s Nancy Lofholm .
Given earlier court rulings , it ’s doubtful those battles will prevail for the evicted .
That ’s why we think elected officials in Washington should correct the conflict between state and national law .
“ It ’s safe to say this is a growing problem .
We ’re going to encounter it more , ” said Brian Vicente , an advocate for medical - marijuana users .
To get a more poignant take on the situation , consider Bill Hewitt , one of the Colorado men fighting his eviction .
“ It ’s disgusting , ” Hewitt told Lofholm .
“ Most disabled ca n’t afford a house , so they get assistance .
These people should not be thrown in the street because they use a medication that alleviates pain . ”
Hewitt suffers from muscular dystrophy .
He claims smoking marijuana has replaced prescription painkillers that produced negative side effects .
Pot , he says , allowed him to toss tranquilizers , muscle relaxers , sleeping pills and other drugs in the trash .
Hard — but legal — drugs such as morphine and Oxycontin also are painkillers that medical - marijuana advocates claim can be shelved in favor of pot .
Yes , we have concerns that a mushrooming use of medical marijuana by young men in Colorado , as earlier stories have shown , signals a system that is likely being abused .
Authorities ought to make sure certified users truly are deserving of the treatment .
But that is a separate issue .
We understand that there could be a perception problem regarding the evictions .
No one wants to think that their tax dollars are allowing someone to live on the government dole while getting high .
But evicting victims of chronic pain from federal housing or federally assisted housing seems cruel for exactly the reasons Hewitt articulated .
Many are in need of housing assistance because of their pain and disabilities .
And what they are doing — smoking pot for medicinal purposes — is legal under state law .
No doubt , many of those in federal housing also are getting government money to buy prescription drugs , which comes at a cost to taxpayers .
If use of relatively inexpensive marijuana cuts a need for those prescription medications , is n’t that better for everyone ?
The long and costly “ war on drugs ” creates these kinds of legal headaches .
It would be much easier if marijuana use were legalized and regulated .
Another solution would be for Congress to create a federal medical - marijuana law like Colorado ’s that applies to all states and territories .
Short of those measures , our representatives should create a federal housing exemption for those states that allow for medical - marijuana use .
Otherwise the legal conflicts are sure to continue , further tying up resources in our courts .
The other day our friend MentalSwitch offered up a delightful little post entitled “ Hello Nurse ! ”
It featured a photo of an attractive model dressed as … well , hell , rather than me trying to describe the shot and failing miserably , why do n’t you just click on over there and see for yourself .
But before you do , please be forewarned that the photo is NOT SAFE FOR WORK !!!!
Ahem .
Well , actually , its worksafeness ( or unworksafeness thereof ) became the topic of some discussion here .
Initially the pic was posted without a cut , meaning that the image itself would appear on the front page of S&R .
Later , after some complaint and brief deliberations , we moved it behind a cut with the dreaded “ NSFW ” tag , indicating that the content would most certainly get you fired if it were accidentally viewed by any decent , God-Fearing American® co-worker .
And since way too many of our readers work in places where others might be looking over their shoulders , this was a practical concern .
As one colleague put it – and we ’ll let that colleague name himself if he wants to – “ if the wrong person had walked behind me with that image up on my screen , I could have been walked out the door that day , no appeal . ”
Such is the reality for millions and millions and millions of people living here in the Land of the Free® , the Home of the Brave® and the Birthplace of the Religious Freedom® .
As badly as it griped me to see such a fine , artistic photo hidden behind a cut like some tawdry porno you ’d pay a Times Square carney a dollar to see ( price adjusted for inflation ) , I also had no interest in seeing any of our intelligent , hard - working readers escorted out of their places of employment at gunpoint .
However , my colleague Dr. Slammy suggested that the all - too - standard NSFW tag – the Modern American Internet ’s version of the Scarlet Letter – was a lingering stain on the credibility of the artist , and in due course I ( apparently being ill of will and sharp of tongue ) was enlisted to pen what you may take as an official Scholars & Rogues policy position .
Briefly stated , when you put an artist behind the Scarlet NSFW , you convey a general social verdict that shame should be attached to the work .
It is not fit for general viewing ; it is likely to be deemed offensive to some people ; and those who choose to click the link , well , that ’s between them and Jesus .
It does not matter whether such a judgment is reasonable .
For instance , in the case of “ Hello Nurse , ” what really is there to be scadalized by ?
Let ’s take a close look :
What is the supposed objection ?
The subject is of consenting age .
No aberrant sexual acts are depicted .
Hell , she ’s not even partially naked .
No vajayjay showing .
No boobies .
She ’s not fondling herself ( at the moment , anyway ) .
There is an aspect of the erotic in her pose , of course , but let ’s be clear here : whatever obscenity might arise from the communication of this image lies entirely within the mind of the viewer .
Goddammit , people , you can see more NSFWing imagery any goddamned night of the week on any goddamned channel on television during goddamned prime time .
If this is NSFW , then the publishers of every fashion magazine available in America need to be hung in the public square right fucking now !!!
Oh , I ’m sorry – is my invective NSFW ?
It is true , as another of my unnamed colleagues pointed out , that good art seeks to provoke .
MentalSwitch is n’t an especially in - your - face artist , but it is also true that his work routinely challenges convention in ways that are guaranteed to provoke , and it ’s not hard to conclude who the targets of his critiques are .
As he explains in the notes accompanying a portrait of “ Lizzy ” :
If all Christians were like this guy then the world would be a better place .
On the other hand , if all Christians were like this guy we would n’t even recognize Christianity anymore ….
Well played , that .
Welcome to 17th Century Salem , folks .
Welcome to neo-Puritan America , a land where dismemberments and flying body parts and mushroom clouds and elected officials intentionally and strategically lying to their constituents are cool but a woman wearing four times more clothing than every teenaged girl around every swimming pool in the United States is NSFW .
Because she looks suspiciously like she might enjoy sex in a non-missionary position .
And sex is not to be imagined .
Pictures that might make us think of sex are not to be condoned .
In neo -Puritan America , millions of people wake up every morning praying that the Lord will afford them an opportunity during the day to be offended .
Hypocritical offense is next to godliness and the Constitution apparently has a clause about the right not to be exposed to anything you do n’t like .
Lawyers will be summoned .
Human Resources policies will be invoked .
Sinners will be terminated .
And Hester Prynne will have a red NSFW branded on her twitchy , hellbound little ass , BY GOD !
In case the theme of my rant has n’t yet made itself apparent , the Scarlet NSFW brands the wrong person .
Those whose visions challenge are to be positioned behind the screen of shame , while those who are afraid of ideas have their narrow prejudices reinforced by official policies and unspoken self - righteous bullying .
We will know America has finally attained a measure of enlightenment when the reverse of those statements is true .
In the meantime , I mentioned something about a policy , so here it is .
Since , as I noted above , we have no interest in damaging the careers of our readers , and since we ’re smart enough to know the reality of many workplaces , we ’ll be placing things that we believe might offend the average granny - panty neo-Puritan behind a cut .
But when we do , understand that it is not the artist whom we are indicting .
It ’s the Scarlet Letter crowd .
In addition , do n’t be surprised to see NSFW replaced by NSFP – Not Safe For Puritans .
( My original idea , Not Safe For Repressive Puritan Asshat Jesus Nazis , was deemed a bit unwieldy . )
At Scholars & Rogues , we do n’t shrink from challenges .
We ’re not kept up at night by the unconventional .
And we are absolutely , positively not afraid of ideas .
And we will not quietly pander to those who are .
After writing my last post on Rails plugin idioms , I realized that Ruby metaprogramming , at its core , is actually quite simple .
It comes down to the fact that all Ruby code is executed code -- there is no separate compile or runtime phase .
In Ruby , every line of code is executed against a particular self .
Consider the following five snippets :
class Person def self . species " Homo Sapien " end end class Person class << self def species " Homo Sapien " end end end class << Person def species " Homo Sapien " end end Person.
instance_eval do def species " Homo Sapien " end end def Person. species " Homo Sapien " end
All five of these snippets define a Person.species that returns Homo Sapien .
Now consider another set of snippets :
class Person def name " Matz " end end Person.class_eval do def name " Matz " end end
These snippets all define a method called name on the Person class .
So Person.new.name will return " Matz " .
For those familiar with Ruby , this is n't news .
When learning about metaprogramming , each of these snippets is presented in isolation : another mechanism for getting methods where they " belong " .
In fact , however , there is a single unified reason that all of these snippets work the way they do .
First , it is important to understand how Ruby 's metaclass works .
When you first learn Ruby , you learn about the concept of the class , and that each object in Ruby has one :
class Person end Person.class #=> Class class
Class def loud_name " #{name.upcase} ! " end end Person.loud_name #=> " PERSON ! "
Person is an instance of Class , so any methods added to Class are available on Person as well .
What they do n't tell you , however , is that each object in Ruby also has its own metaclass , a Class that can have methods , but is only attached to the object itself .
matz = Object.new def matz .
speak
" Place your burden to machine 's shoulders " end
What 's going on here is that we 're adding the speak method to matz 's metaclass , and the matz object inherits from its metaclass and then Object .
The reason this is somewhat less clear than ideal is that the metaclass is invisible in Ruby :
matz = Object.new def matz .
speak
" Place your burden to machine 's shoulders " end matz.class #=>
Object
In fact , matz 's " class " is its invisible metaclass .
We can even get access to the metaclass :
metaclass = class << matz ; self ; end metaclass.instance_methods.grep(/speak/) # => [ " speak " ]
At this point in other articles on this topic , you 're probably struggling to keep all of the details in your head ; it seems as though there are so many rules .
And what 's this class << matz thing anyway ?
It turns out that all of these weird rules collapse down into a single concept : control over the self in a given part of the code .
Let 's go back and take a look at some of the snippets we looked at earlier :
class Person def name " Matz " end self .
name #=> " Person " end
Here , we are adding the name method to the Person class .
Once we say class Person , the self until the end of the block is the Person class itself .
Person.class_eval do def name " Matz " end self .
name #=> " Person " end
Here , we 're doing exactly the same thing : adding the name method to instances of the Person class .
In this case , class_eval is setting the self to Person until the end of the block .
This is all perfectly straight forward when dealing with classes , but it 's equally straight forward when dealing with metaclasses :
def Person.species " Homo Sapien " end Person.name #=> " Person "
As in the matz example earlier , we are defining the species method on Person 's metaclass .
We have not manipulated self , but you can see using def with an object attaches the method to the object 's metaclass .
class Person def self . species " Homo Sapien " end self .
name #=> " Person " end
Here , we have opened the Person class , setting the self to Person for the duration of the block , as in the example above .
However , we are defining a method on Person 's metaclass here , since we 're defining the method on an object ( self ) .
Also , you can see that self .
name while inside the person class is identical to Person . name while outside it .
class << Person def species " Homo Sapien " end self .name #= > " " end
Ruby provides a syntax for accessing an object 's metaclass directly .
By doing class << Person , we are setting self to Person 's metaclass for the duration of the block .
As a result , the species method is added to Person 's metaclass , rather than the class itself .
class Person class << self def species " Homo Sapien " end self .
name # = > " " end end
Here , we combine several of the techniques .
First , we open Person , making self equal to the Person class .
Next , we do class << self , making self equal to Person 's metaclass .
When we then define the species method , it is defined on Person 's metaclass .
Person.instance_eval do def species " Homo Sapien " end self .
name #=> " Person " end
The last case , instance_eval , actually does something interesting .
It breaks apart the self into the self that is used to execute methods and the self that is used when new methods are defined .
When instance_eval is used , new methods are defined on the metaclass , but the self is the object itself .
In some of these cases , the multiple ways to achieve the same thing arise naturally out of Ruby 's semantics .
After this explanation , it should be clear that def Person. species , class << Person ; def species , and class Person ; class << self ; def species are n't three ways to achieve the same thing by design , but that they arise out of Ruby 's flexibility with regard to specifying what self is at any given point in your program .
On the other hand , class_eval is slightly different .
Because it take a block , rather than act as a keyword , it captures the local variables surrounding it .
This can provide powerful DSL capabilities , in addition to controlling the self used in a code block .
But other than that , they are exactly identical to the other constructs used here .
Finally , instance_eval breaks apart the self into two parts , while also giving you access to local variables defined outside of it .
In the following table , defines a new scope means that code inside the block does not have access to local variables outside of the block .
mechanism method resolution method definition new scope ?
class Person Person same yes class << Person Person 's metaclass same yes Person.class_eval Person same no Person.instance_eval Person Person 's metaclass no
Also note that class_eval is only available to Modules ( note that Class inherits from Module ) and is an alias for module_eval .
Additionally , instance_exec , which was added to Ruby in 1.8.7 , works exactly like instance_eval , except that it also allows you to send variables into the block .
America is in the most severe unemployment crisis since – and perhaps including – the Great Depression .
And yet Obama , like Bush , has done virtually nothing to create more jobs .
Instead , they both gave trillions to the biggest banks ( who are not loaning it out to the little guy ) and for waging wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Obama is apparently escalating – not ending – the wars .
And its not cheap .
According to the White House , the cost of deploying new soldiers to Afghanistan could be $ 1 million per soldier .
Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz says that the Iraq war will cost $ 3 - 5 trillion dollars .
As I have previously pointed out , protracted war increases unemployment , shrinks the economy , and causes recession .
See this , this and this .
But deficits do n’t matter , right ?
Wrong .
But We Had No Choice … We Had to Fight Those Wars
But – you may say – we had no choice , we had to fight those wars because of 9/11 .
Well , top British officials say that the U.S. discussed Iraq regime change long before 9/11 .
In fact , they say that regime change was advocated one month after Bush took office :
The chairman of the British Joint Intelligence Committee in 2001 told investigators Monday that elements of the Bush Administration were pushing for regime change in Iraq in early 2001 , months before the 9/11 attacks and two years before President George W. Bush formally announced the Iraq war .
Sir Peter Ricketts , now - Secretary at the Foreign Office , said that US and British officials believed at the time that measures against Iraq were failing : “ sanctions , an incentive to lift sanctions if Saddam allowed the United Weapons inspectors to return , and the ‘ no fly ’ zones over the north and south of the country . ”
Ricketts also said that US officials had raised the prospect of regime change in Iraq , asserting that the British were n’t supportive of the idea at the time .
*** The head of the British Foreign Office ’s Middle East department , Sir William Patey , told the inquiry that his office was aware of regime change talk from some parts of the Bush Administration shortly after they took office in 2001 .
“ In February 2001 we were aware of these drum beats from Washington and internally we discussed it , ” Patey said .
“ Our policy was to stay away from that . ”
The Brits previously revealed that intelligence and purported facts of Iraq ’s weapons programs were “ fixed around ” the pre-set policy of invading Iraq .
It ’s not just the Brits .
Former CIA director George Tenet said that the White House wanted to invade Iraq long before 9/11 , and inserted “ crap ” in its justifications for invading Iraq .
Former Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill also says that Bush planned the Iraq war before 9/11 .
Everyone knew the WMD claims were fake .
For example , the number 2 Democrat in the Senate , who was on the Senate intelligence committee , admitted that the Senate intelligence committee knew before the war started that Bush ’s public statements about Iraqi WMDs were false .
And if the committee knew , then the White House knew as well .
The CIA warned the White House that claims about Iraq ’s nuclear ambitions ( using forged documents ) were false , and yet the White House made those claims anyway .
Cheney was largely responsible for generating fake intelligence about Iraq in order to justify the war .
For example :
Falsified documents which were meant to show that Iraq ’s Saddam Hussein regime had been trying to procure yellowcake uranium from Niger can be traced back to Vice President Dick Cheney
And see this .
And you may have heard that the Energy Task Force chaired by Cheney prior to 9/11 collected maps of Iraqi oil fields and potential suitors for that oil .
But you probably do n’t know that a secret document written by the National Security Council on February 3 , 2001 directed the N.S.C. staff to cooperate fully with the Energy Task Force as it considered the “ melding ” of two seemingly unrelated areas of policy : “ the review of operational policies towards rogue states , ” such as Iraq , and “ actions regarding the capture of new and existing oil and gas fields ” .
In other words , it is difficult to brush off Cheney ’s Energy Task Force ’s examination of Iraqi oil maps as a harmless comparison of American energy policy with known oil reserves because the N.S.C. explicitly linked the Task Force , oil , and regime change .
Indeed , a former senior director for Russian , Ukrainian , and Eurasian affairs at the N.S.C. said :
If this little group was discussing geostrategic plans for oil , it puts the issue of war in the context of the captains of the oil industry sitting down with Cheney and laying grand , global plans .
( and see this ) .
Cheney ’s role in getting the U.S. into unnecessary military confrontations is not new .
According to former high - level intelligence officer Melvin Goodman , during the Ford administration , Cheney orchestrated phony intelligence for the Congress in order to get an endorsement for covert arms shipments to anti-government forces in Angola .
And in the 1970’s , Cheney was instrumental in generating fake intelligence exaggerating the Soviet threat in order to undermine coexistence between the U.S. and Soviet Union , which conveniently justified huge amounts of cold war spending .
See also this .
This scheme foreshadowed Mr. Cheney ’s role in generating fake intelligence in Iraq by 30 years .
And Cheney was the guy who directed all counter - terrorism activities in 2001 and who directed the U.S. response on 9/11 , accidentally allowing hijacked planes to fly all over the place , and perhaps – as implied by Secretary of Transportation Norm Minetta – to slam into the Pentagon ( confirmed here ) .
Heck of a job , Dick …
The government also apparently planned the Afghanistan war before 9/11 ( see this and this ) .
But you do n’t even have to even think about all of the complex facts discussed above .
It ’s really simple : when asked to specify exactly why we are still fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , Obama cannot really explain why we are still there .
The Wars Are Unnecessary and Are Killing the Economy
Bottom line :
The wars are unnecessary , and they are draining resources which could be used to reduce unemployment and help the economy .
Note :
This is not a Republican versus Democratic issue .
For example , Bill Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act in 1998 , calling for regime change in Iraq .
And Obama is escalating wars started by the previous administration .
For our latest mission , seven undercover agents staged a spontaneous musical during lunch at the Trump Tower atrium .
The mission was filmed for a segment on The Today Show and includes a cameo from Ann Curry .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind the scenes with our report below .
The Today Show has featured Improv Everywhere a few times in the past , and this fall they asked if we could create a mission for them that Ann Curry could have a part in .
Specifically , they were big fans of Food Court Musical and wanted to work with us to stage something similar .
( In the time between the show approaching us and the segment airing , we had the opportunity to produce Grocery Store Musical as well . )
The Today Show crew would produce the mission ( providing hidden cameras , microphones , and a PA system ) , and we would be in charge of the creative side .
Agent Brown rehearses with the cast
Once again longtime agents and Gutenberg !
The Musical !
authors Scott Brown & Anthony King served as our songwriting team .
They also both appeared as actors in the musical , along with some senior IE Agents and comedians from The Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre .
We had a rehearsal at a Manhattan studio where Agent Brown taught the song , and Agent King worked on the choreography .
Rehearsing in the space
The night before the mission , we were able to rehearse in our location .
The Today Show was able to get permission from Trump Tower to stage the musical in the seating area of their atrium , a popular lunch spot for tourists and people who work in the building .
The incredible tech set up
The Today Show pulled out all the stops , tech wise .
The crew set up in a huge storage room just off the atrium .
There were seven robotic HD cameras set up in the space , each controlled by a dedicated operator via joystick .
An eighth camera filmed the control room for behind - the - scenes shots .
Our camera angles
Zooming in on Agent King
The cameras were extremely well hidden in the space either behind tinted glass or hidden among plants on the balcony above .
We also hid speakers in the plants all around the seating area , so that the song could be amplified live during the mission .
Ann Curry was n’t able to make it to the rehearsals , so we met her for the first time the morning of the mission .
We worked in the back room and taught her the choreography , and Agent Brown helped her learn her part .
Ann is not a singer , so she was nervous about getting her line just right .
She was super easy to work with and very quickly became one of the team .
Agents in place at the start of the mission
We staged the mission a few times throughout the day to make sure we got the best possible take and camera coverage .
The first take started around 12 Noon .
We had to wait about a half hour between each take to make sure we had a new group of people dining around us .
Agent Hiller starts the song , “ I love lunch / It ’s half the way to dinner ”
Heads started to turn
Agent Lindquist stands up and declares , “ I love lunch ! ”
A man laughs at Agent Lindquist joining in
Agents Brown and Thomas stand up and join the song
“ I like my chili with corn / I like my sandwich served warm ”
Agent Hiller runs downstairs in time for his next line
Large crowds of tourists started watching from the balcony
“ We ’re gonna use our sporks now ! ”
Sporks ( that I “ borrowed ” from a Taco Bell ) held high in the air
“ We ’re major lunch dorks now ! ”
Laughing at our choreography
“ There ai n’t no shame in loving lunch ! ”
A member of the NYPD interrupts the singers
“ You ’re singing a song about lunch ? ”
“ I love lunch toooooo ! ”
I think Agent Santangeli ’s performance as the cop fooled the guy above , because he was laughing pretty hard when he figured out he was in on it .
“ We all love lunch / We ’re gonna sing it louder ! ”
“ I ’m eating clam chowder ! ”
Agent Curry was awesome .
She nailed her line and then removed her hat to join the finale ( she wore a hat to try to stay incognito lest she be spotted by fans before her part . )
With so many tourists there , it seemed like everyone had a camera
Applauding the finale
After the song ended our agents , including Agent Curry , sat back at their respective tables and continued eating lunch as if nothing had happened .
Telling stories afterwards in the back
We had a blast working on this mission .
It was an excellent opportunity to get to work with The Today Show and their fancy equipment , and it was nice to have our work reach their massive television audience .
Hopefully along the way we were able to deliver a very important message :
There ai n’t no shame in loving lunch .
Mission Accomplished .
OTHER RESOURCES :
– The Today Show ’s segment on this mission :
Hypnosis can be used for overcoming anxiety and addiction Hypnosis has a " very real " effect that can be picked up on brain scans , say Hull University researchers .
An imaging study of hypnotised participants showed decreased activity in the parts of the brain linked with daydreaming or letting the mind wander .
The same brain patterns were absent in people who had the tests but who were not susceptible to being hypnotised .
One psychologist said the study backed the theory that hypnosis " primes " the brain to be open to suggestion .
Hypnosis is increasingly being used to help people stop smoking or lose weight and advisers recently recommended its use on the NHS to treat irritable bowel syndrome .
This shows that the changes were due to hypnosis and not just simple relaxation
Dr William McGeown , study leader
It is not the first time researchers have tried to use imaging studies to monitor brain activity in people under hypnosis .
But the Hull team said these had been done while people had been asked to carry out tasks , so it was not clear whether the changes in the brain were due to the act of doing the task or an effect of hypnosis .
In the latest study , the team first tested how people responded to hypnosis and selected 10 individuals who were " highly suggestible " and seven people who did not really respond to the technique other than becoming more relaxed .
The participants were asked to do a task under hypnosis , such as listening to non-existent music , but unknown to them the brain activity was being monitored in the rest periods in between tasks , the team reported in the journal Consciousness and Cognition .
Default mode
In the " highly suggestible " group there was decreased activity in the part of the brain involved in daydreaming or letting the mind wander - also known as the " default mode " network .
One suggestion of how hypnosis works , supported by the results , is that shutting off this activity leaves the brain free to concentrate on other tasks .
Study leader Dr William McGeown , a lecturer in the department of psychology , said the results were unequivocal because they only occurred in the highly suggestible subjects .
" This shows that the changes were due to hypnosis and not just simple relaxation .
" Our study shows hypnosis is real . "
Dr Michael Heap , a clinical forensic psychologist based in Sheffield , said the experiment was unique in showing brain patterns supporting the theory that hypnosis works by " priming " the subject to respond more effectively to suggestions .
" Importantly the data confirm that relaxation is not a critical factor .
" The limited data from this experiment suggest that this pattern of activity then dissipates ( at least to some extent ) once the subjects start to engage in the suggestions that follow . "
But he said the small study , which needed repeating in other populations , did not prove that people being hypnotised were in an actual " trance " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Name That Movie
You have an error in your SQL syntax ; check the manual that corresponds to your MariaDB server version for the right syntax to use near ' AND a.id = b.article_id AND a.publish = 1 AN ...' at line 9
“ Welcome to Mobile Phone Island where Mt. Android is about to erupt on all the little peon hills that claim to be mobile operating systems .
For so many years those heaps of crap sat dormant and now , when Mt. Android flings gobs of hot handset lava all over the world , those punk bitches had better hope they do n’t go the way of the Stegosaurus .
And they think their little spiky tails are so kick - ass … ”
Those are the exact words Eric Schmidt used at Google ’s 3rd Quarter Earnings Report to explain Android ’s competitive landscape .
Okay … not the EXACT words .
According to TechCrunch here is what the Google CEO said :
Android adoption is about to explode .
You have all the necessary conditions .. a critcial period .
Close enough … right ?
He also re-iterated that Android now has 12 devices in 26 countries on 32 carriers .
Pretty darn impressive considering the “ real ” push has n’t even begun yet .
What we ’ve got on the market right now are “ feelers ” – manufacturers and carriers first foray into the Android land .
Next year I think you ’ll see Android make the upgrade to more of a “ staple ” where you see it consistently used as a featured operating system in a carrier ’s “ stable ” of smartphones .
Okay , I know what you ’re thinking … enough with the “ quotes ” …
Done and done .
It is coming ladies and gentlemen .
We knew it was coming .
You probably did too .
But seriously …
Android is about to take the world by storm .
And those 2012 market share projections ?
If the cards are played right they could be blown out of the water .
Or out of the lava .
http://phandroid.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/mt-android-150×116.jpg
By George Friedman
The Iranian government has rejected , at least for the moment , a proposal from the P - 5+1 to ship the majority of its low - enriched uranium abroad for further enrichment .
The group is now considering the next step in the roadmap that it laid out last April .
The next step was a new round of sanctions , this time meant to be crippling .
The only crippling sanction available is to cut off the supply of gasoline , since Iran imports 35 percent of its refined gasoline products .
That would theoretically cripple the Iranian economy and compel the Iranians to comply with U.S. demands over the nuclear issue .
We have written extensively on the ability of sanctions to work in Iran .
There is , however , a broader question , which is the general utility of sanctions in international affairs .
The Iranian government said last week that sanctions do n't concern it because , historically , sanctions have not succeeded .
This partly explains Iranian intransigence :
The Iranians do n't feel they have anything to fear from sanctions .
The question is whether the Iranian view is correct and why they would believe it — and if they are correct , why the P - 5+1 would even consider imposing sanctions .
The Assumptions of Sanctions
We need to begin with a definition of sanctions .
In general , sanctions are some sort of penalty imposed on a country designed to cause it sufficient pain to elicit a change in its behavior .
Sanctions are intended as an alternative to war and therefore exclude violence .
Thus , the entire point of sanctions , as opposed to war , is to compel changes of behavior in countries without resorting to force .
Normal sanctions are economic and come in three basic forms .
First , there is seizing or freezing the assets of a country or its citizens located in another country .
Second , sanctions can block the shipment of goods ( or movement of people ) out of the target country .
Third , sanctions can block the movement of goods into a country .
Minor sanctions are possible , such as placing tariffs on products imported from the target country , but those sorts of acts are focused primarily on rectifying economic imbalances and are not always driven by political interests .
Thus , the United States placed tariffs on Chinese tires coming into the United States .
The purpose was to get China to change its economic policies .
On the other hand , placing sanctions on Iraq in the 1990s or on Sudan today are designed to achieve political and military outcomes .
It is important to consider the underlying assumptions of the decision to impose sanctions .
First , there is the assumption that the target country is economically dependent in some way on the country or countries issuing the sanctions .
Second , it assumes that the target country has no alternative sources for the economic activity while under sanctions .
Third , it assumes that the pain caused will be sufficient to compel change .
The first is relatively easy to determine and act on .
The next two are far more complex .
Obviously , sanctions are an option of stronger powers toward weaker ones .
It assumes that the imposition of sanctions will cause more pain to the target country than it will to the country or countries issuing sanctions , and that the target country cannot or will not use military action to counter economic sanctions .
For example , the United States placed sanctions on the sale of grain to the Soviet Union during the Cold War .
It discovered that while the sanctions were hurting the Soviets , they were hurting American farmers as well .
The pain was reciprocal and there was an undertone of danger if the Soviets had chosen to counter the sanctions with military force .
An example of that concerned Japan in 1941 .
The United States halted the shipment of oil and scrap metal to Japan in an attempt to force it to reshape its policies in China and Indochina .
The sanctions were crippling , as the Americans expected .
However , the Japanese response was not capitulation , but Pearl Harbor .
To understand the difficulties of determining and acting on the assumptions of imposing sanctions , consider Cuba .
The United States has imposed extensive economic sanctions on Cuba for years .
During the first decades of the sanctions , they were relatively effective , in the sense that third countries tended to comply rather than face possible sanctions themselves from the United States .
As time went on , the fear of sanctions declined .
A European country might have been inclined to comply with U.S. sanctions in the 1960s or 1970s , for both political reasons and for concern over potential retaliatory sanctions from the United States .
However , as the pattern of international economic activity shifted , and the perception of both Cuba and the United States changed within these countries , the political implication to comply with U.S. wishes declined , while the danger of U.S. sanctions diminished .
Placing sanctions on the European Union would be mutually disastrous and the United States would not do it over Cuba , or virtually any other issue .
As a result , the sanctions the United States placed on Cuba have dramatically diminished in importance .
Cuba can trade with most of the world , and other countries can invest in Cuba if they wish .
The flow of American tourists is blocked , but European , Canadian and Latin American tourists who wish to go to Cuba can go .
Cuba has profound economic problems , but those problems are only marginally traceable to sanctions .
Indeed , the U.S. embargo has provided the Castro regime with a useful domestic explanation for its economic failures .
Limitations
This points to an interesting characteristic of sanctions .
One of the potential goals of placing sanctions on a country is to generate unrest and internal opposition , forcing regime change or at least policy change .
This rarely happens .
Instead , the imposition of sanctions creates a sense of embattlement within the country .
Two things follow from this .
First , there is frequently a boost in support for the regime that might otherwise not be there .
The idea that economic pain takes precedence over patriotism or concern for maintaining national sovereignty is not a theory with a great deal of empirical support .
Second , the sanctions allow a regime to legitimize declaring a state of emergency — which is what sanctions intend to create — and then use that state of emergency to increase repression and decrease the opportunity for an opposition to emerge .
Consider an extreme example of sanctions during World War II , when both the Axis and Allies tried to use airpower as a means of imposing massive economic hardship on the population , thereby attempting to generate unrest and opposition to the regime .
Obviously , strategic bombing is not sanctions , but it is instructive to consider them in this sense .
When we look at the Battle of Britain and the strategic bombing campaigns against Germany and Japan , we find that countereconomic warfare did not produce internal opposition that the regime could not handle .
Indeed , it could reasonably be argued that it increased support for the regime .
It is assumed that economic hardship can generate regime change , yet even in some of the most extreme cases of economic hardship , that did n't happen .
Imposing an effective sanctions regime on a country is difficult for two reasons .
First , economic pain does not translate into political pressure .
Second , creating effective economic pain normally requires a coalition .
The United States is not in a position to unilaterally impose effective sanctions .
In order to do that , it must act in concert with other countries that are prepared not only to announce sanctions but — and this is far more important and difficult — also to enforce them .
This means that it must be in the political interest of all countries that deal with the target to impose the sanctions .
It is rarely possible to create such a coalition .
Nations ' interests diverge too much .
Sometimes they converge , as in South Africa prior to the end of apartheid .
South Africa proved that sanctions can work if there is a coalition that does not benefit extensively from economic and political ties with the target country , and where the regime is composed of a minority within a very large sea of hostility .
South Africa was a special case .
The same attempt at a sanctions regime in Sudan over Darfur has failed because many countries have political or economic interests there .
It is also difficult to police the sanctions .
By definition , as the sanctions are imposed , the financial returns for violating them increase .
Think of U.S. drug laws as a form of sanctions .
They raise the price of drugs in the United States and increase the incentives for smugglers .
When a broad sanctions regime was placed on Iraq , vast amounts of money were made from legitimate and illegitimate trading with Iraq .
Regardless of what a national government might say ( and it may well say one thing and do another ) individuals and corporations will find ways around the sanctions .
Indeed , Obama 's proposed sanctions on corporations are intended precisely for this reason .
As always , the issue is one of intelligence and enforcement .
People can be very good at deception for large amounts of money .
The difficulty of creating effective sanctions raises the question of why they are used .
The primary answer is that they allow a nation to appear to be acting effectively without enduring significant risks .
Invading a country , as the United States found in Iraq , poses substantial risks .
The imposition of sanctions on relatively weaker countries without the ability to counter the sanctions is much less risky .
The fact that it is also far less effective is compensated for by the lowered risk .
In truth , many sanction regimes are enforced as political gestures , either for domestic political reasons , or to demonstrate serious intent on the international scene .
In some cases , sanctions are a way of appearing to act so that military action can be deferred .
No one expects the sanctions to change the regime or its policies , but the fact that sanctions are in place can be used as an argument against actions by other nations .
This is very much the case with Iran .
No one expects Russia or China ( or even many of the European states ) to fully comply with a sanctions regime on gasoline .
Even if they did , no one expects the flow of gasoline to be decisively cut off .
There will be too many people prepared to take the risk of smuggling gasoline to Iran for that to happen .
Even if the U.S. blockaded Iranian ports , the Caucasus and Central Asia are far too disorderly and the monetary rewards of smuggling are too great of an incentive to make the gasoline sanctions effective .
Additionally , the imposition of sanctions will both rally the population to the regime as well as provide justification for an intense crackdown .
The probability of sanctions forcing policy changes or regime change in Iran is slim .
Balancing Acquiescence and War But sanctions have one virtue :
They delay or block military action .
So long as sanctions are being considered or being imposed , the argument can be made to those who want military action that it is necessary to give the sanctions time to work .
Therefore , in this case , sanctions allow the United States to block any potential military actions by Israel against Iran while appearing domestically to be taking action .
Should the United States wish to act , the sanctions route gives the Europeans the option of arguing that military action is premature .
Furthermore , if military action took place without Russian approval while Russia was cooperating in a sanctions regime , it would have increased room to maneuver against U.S. interests in the Middle East , portraying the United States as trigger - happy .
The ultimate virtue of sanctions is that they provide a platform between acquiescence and war .
The effectiveness of that platform is not nearly as important as the fact that it provides a buffer against charges of inaction and demands for further action .
In Sudan , for example , no one expects sanctions to work , but their presence allows business to go on as usual while deflecting demands for more significant action .
The P - 5+1 is now shaping its response to Iran .
They are not even committed to the idea of sanctions .
But they will move to sanctions if it appears that Israel or the United States is prepared to move aggressively .
Sanctions satisfy the need to appear to be acting while avoiding the risks of action .
By Paula Dear
BBC News
An English translation company is looking for people to help interpret the Glaswegian dialect for its often bemused clients .
But how hard is it for non-natives of the city to understand a " Weegie " ?
If you do n't know your midden from your cludgie , you might in future turn to Today Translations for an explanation .
The London - based translation company is advertising for people with a knowledge of the Glaswegian dialect , accent and " nuances " to help interpret for some of its baffled clients when they visit the Scottish city .
It has received more than 300 applications for the job so far , some of which had been written in " Glaswegian " .
Glaswegians , known affectionately as Weegies , speak varying levels of a continually - evolving form of dialect widely known as ' the patter ' .
The speech comprises a range of Scots expressions , vocabulary and humour , as well examples of rhyming slang , local cultural references , nicknames and street language .
Firm seeks Glaswegian interpreter " Glaswegian " has given rise to a plethora of phrasebooks , joke books , online glossaries and merchandise , not to mention TV and radio shows .
There is even a Glasgow Bible , which relates some biblical tales in the vernacular .
In the 1970s , Glasgow - born comedian Stanley Baxter parodied the patter on his television sketch show " Parliamo Glasgow " .
But does Glaswegian really need translation ?
Understanding will be in the ear of the beholder .
Here 's you chance to find out .
Click on the audio to hear Colum Buchanan , 50 , read his application for the job of Glaswegian interpreter .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
COLUM'S EMAILED JOB APPLICATION RE : Howsit Hinging Chinas ?
[ how 's it going folks ? ]
Noticed your small ad this morning in ra Herald [ newspaper ] .
Hauvnae [ I have n't got ] a VC let alone a CV in relation to this type of public service .
Anyhows I 'm 50 years old , born up a close [ in a tenement building ] in the West End , raised in leafy coonsil hoose [ council house ] aristocracy on the Sooothside [ south side of the city ] , went to the Mossy and the Minors in Hillhead [ cinemas ] , educated in East Endisisms at Ramungo [ St Mungo 's Academy , Glasgow ] .
I have working understanding of French and a wide network of alien English manglers .
Over to you bamsticks ! [ fools ]
Awrabest [ all the best ] Colum Buchanan Below is a selection of your comments .
To actually believe that business people talk in " Weegie " language is hard to believe .
I have worked in business for over 30 years and I am fluent in three languages and one of them is not Glaswegian .
I would never dream of using Glaswegian during my daily work hours .
In fact , it makes me wonder what business section has a dire need of Glaswegian fluent speakers .
Geezabreak ok .
Mairi Tognin , Glasgow I 'm horrified that the newspaper advert has asked for translaters of Glasweigain ENGLISH , which exists as much as the loch ness monster .
Scotland has rich LANGUAGE , otherwise why the need for a translation in the first place ?
Away an beil yer heid son !
Heather J. Ball , Glesga
Any dialect that uses the word ' How ' to mean ' Why ' needs all the translators it can get .
Tim , UK Although not from Glasgow I understood both poems without the translation .
In Ayrshire we use similar dialect which I tend to use a lot depending on who I 'm talking to .
I feel most relaxed when I use local dialect but I generally hold back and " speak properly " to certain people because I 'm worried I may seem less intelligent .
Lorna , Ayrshire I 've lived in Glasgow all my life ( 18 years ) and come from a working class background .
Most people in Glasgow do n't talk like that - only neds and Sun readers !
However I do have English cousins and when we were young they used to pretend not to be able to understand us .
I think Londoners need their ears cleaned if they do n't understand us Glaswegians .
Of course Londoners have the reputation of being some of the rudest people on the planet so it 's more likely they just pretend no to understand like my cousins did when they were kids .
Martin , Glasgow , Scotland
Why is this a story ?
It 's remarkable that after hundreds of years we 're still talking about how amusing British dialectal differences are .
In reality it 's a thinly veiled mocking of the North by the South .
Richard , London ' Weegies ' is actually a disparaging term that Edinburgians use to describe folk from Glasgow .
David Goldthorpe , Edinburgh
If an American from the Midwest can understand without too much difficulty , what 's a Brit 's excuse ?
Karen , Buffalo , NY USA
Ah dinnia ken whit awe the fuss is aboot Ah left Glesga 60 year ago at 22 and Icun still unnersdtuan every word that was said .
Jas. M. Russell , Epworth , Lincs
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It is hard to explain to white people like Glenn Beck why their " innocent " questions about race actually just reveal their ignorance and their false assumptions about people of other races and the nature of race relations .
But Beck is so blitheringly un - self - aware that he decided to give it a go anyway yesterday on his Fox News show .
As you might expect , it was a serial embarrassment .
Beck , you see , was careful to hand - select his audience , people " the media claim do n't think exist " -- black conservatives !
Not that he ever actually explains this to the viewing audience -- you have to figure that out for yourselves as the show goes along , like the moment when he asks the audience if they think we 're headed toward socialism ( they all raise their hands ) or are accused of being not " black enough " if they are conservative ( again , a unanimous show of hands ) .
And it let Beck lead exchanges like this , with Beck regular Charles Payne and talk - show host Lisa Fritsch :
Beck :
How many people here identify themselves as African Americans ?
( About a third raise their hands ) OK -- Why ?
Payne :
It 's interchangeable .
Beck :
But wait , wait .
Why not identify yourself as Americans ?
Fritsch :
Well , people can look at you and tell you 're black .
You ca n't escape that .
Beck : Yeah , but I do n't identify myself as white , or a white American .
Will Brown of the New York Republican Community Coalition points out , adroitly , that " African American " is an " evolution " from the " N word " -- and certainly is preferable .
Moreover , it was n't black people who invented the " N word " or the segregation from enjoying the full fruits of American citizenship it represented -- it was white people .
" African American " represents the recognition of their dignity and their rights as Americans .
But this point sails right over Beck 's head , because he 's too ignorant to appreciate the implications .
Had Beck even a smidgen of American history , particularly pertaining to civil rights , he'd know that white Americans for most of the decades of the past century used the word " American " and " real American " almost exclusively to refer to white people -- and that this motif lingers even today ( see , e.g. , Sarah Palin 's references to " real Americans " during the campaign -- speaking before small - town , all - white audiences ) .
This historical and cultural ignorance just kept manifesting itself :
Beck :
Because one of the problems that I have -- and I have to tell you , as a white guy , as a white guy , I 'm just being real honest with you , as a white guy , I think white people are uncomfortable sometimes saying , ' You know what , Martin Luther King ' -- and then quoting Martin Luther King , because , it 's almost as if society says -- ' No no no !
That 's our guy !
Not your guy ! '
And it should n't be that way .
And so Martin Luther King , was n't the dream that we 're all judged by the content of our character ?
Beck does n't understand why it 's idiotic of white people to quote King -- namely , King was speaking in defense of black people whose civil rights had been systematically and violently denied for over a century , and his words were spoken in that context .
They were n't intended to be spoken in defense of advantaged white people who want an excuse to keep stereotyping black people .
The black conservative talkers he had on were n't a whole lot better .
Perhaps the most outrageously ahistorical remark came from Fritsch :
Fritsch :
The only way black people were ever able to triumph is because of conservative values , which is directly linked to Christianity .
Had we been liberals , during the Civil Rights movement , nobody would have done anything !
Um , Ms. Fritsch , you need to avail yourself some history books too .
It was conservatives who argued for maintaining slavery before the Civil War .
It was conservatives who insisted after the war that blacks be denied the full rights of citizenship , and who erected the system of Jim Crow , who led rope - bearing lynch mobs that crucified thousands of black people .
It was conservatives who erected " No Black After Sundown " signs at the city borders of thousands of American towns .
And most of all , it was conservatives who fought the Civil Rights movement tooth and nail .
And it was only from the ceaseless efforts of liberals -- many of them indeed Christian liberals -- in opposition to conservatives , many of them Christian conservatives -- that anything was in fact achieved during that era .
Somehow , you 've managed to get your history completely upside down .
This idiocy reached its apotheosis , though , when Beck played for his audience that audio tape of black Detroiters turning out for welfare assistance funds , originally promoted by Rush Limbaugh , which was nothing more than a nakedly racist bit of ugly stereotyping on the part of the radio talker , Ken Rogulski , who produced it .
As King Crimson observed :
The conservo - talk reporter cherry picked through the audio booty until he found the absolute best soundbite that would most perfectly frame the city as one filled with Obama - fawning morons , black Sambos , and greedy welfare grabbers - precisely , as Limbaugh would later argue , the kind of rank idiots who would vote for someone like America 's first black president .
And if you listen to the woman making the " Obama money " remarks , you can hear that she 's cracking humorously on the humorless , stereotype - dependent white guy asking .
He -- and Beck and Limbaugh , by extension -- are the butt of the joke and they do n't even know it .
Well , we actually know where Beck thinks this talk comes from :
Beck :
All right .
These are the people who have been abused by the system .
They 've been taught they needed the government .
They 've been taught to be slaves , and their master is Washington !
Both parties !
For some reason , those were n't the words he used yesterday .
Hmmm .
Wonder why not , do n't you ?
This is just vintage Beck , gorging himself on dumbass white stereotypes of black people and then fobbing himself off as just a colorblind white guy .
As we noted before , this is his way of race - baiting :
We have previous written three lists on this topic and it is always a very popular one .
This time we look at facts that are very commonly held but completely wrong .
Feel free to add your own to the comments for others to read .
If you want to read over the previous lists , here they are :
Top 10 Fascinating Facts That Are Wrong
10 More Fascinating Facts That Are Wrong
Another 10 Fascinating Facts That Are Wrong
10 Five Senses
The error :
We have five body senses – sight , hearing , touch , smell , taste .
These are the traditional five senses , but there are in fact many more – some say up to 21 .
Obvious additions to the list are balance , pain , and temperature .
Furthermore , we have internal senses which traditionally number four : imagination , memory , common sense ( not to be confused with commonsense which many people lack ! ) , and the estimative power .
Mythverse has a very interesting article which covers a number of senses seldom mentioned .
You can read that here .
9 The Rainbow Lie
The error : A rainbow has seven colors
We are , no doubt , all familiar with the old phrase “ Roy G. Biv ” used to remember the colors of the rainbow : red , orange , yellow , green , blue , indigo , violet .
This series of colors was coined by Newton who initially excluded indigo and violet .
While a rainbow does appear to have seven colors , it is , in fact , one continuous spectrum of color and it is merely an artifact of human color perception that makes it appear to be a series of bands .
There are also things called supernumerary rainbows which have more than 7 bands visible to the human eye ( pictured above – note the extra green and purple bands at the bottom of the rainbow ) .
8 Cold Comfort
The error : Drinking alcohol warms you up
This is entirely untrue – yet it is still commonly seen as an antidote to coldness in movies , and people still believe the myth about the St Bernard dogs with casks of liquor around their necks !
In fact , when you drink alcohol , your body temperature drops !
This is because alcohol allows more blood to reach the surface of the body , and more heat is radiated or conducted away .
Any feeling of warmth experienced after drinking alcohol is explained by the fact that this flow of blood to the surface warms the skin and the ends of the sensory nerves in the skin , and these convey to the brain a sensation of warmth .
The fact that alcohol actually lowers the temperature of the body was first announced by Sir B. Ward Richardson in 1866 to the British Association .
[ Source ]
7 Quake with Fear
The error : Small earthquakes can reduce the chance of a big one
There is a common myth ( particularly in New Zealand where earthquakes are common ) that if you have a lot of small earthquakes , it helps to alleviate the pressures building up that can cause a big one .
But this is not true .
Seismologists have observed that for every magnitude 6 earthquake there are 10 of magnitude 5 , 100 of magnitude 4 , 1,000 of magnitude 3 , and so forth as the events get smaller and smaller .
This sounds like a lot of small earthquakes , but there are never enough small ones to eliminate the occasional large event .
It would take 32 magnitude 5 ’s , 1000 magnitude 4 ’s , 32,000 magnitude 3 ’s to equal the energy of one magnitude 6 event .
So , even though we always record many more small events than large ones , there are never enough to eliminate the need for the occasional large earthquake .
[ Source ]
6 Do n’t Swim
The error :
You must wait 30 minutes after eating before swimming
While there is a theoretical concern based on the fact that the body diverts the circulation of blood to the gut and away from the muscles that this might possibly cause a cramp , no one has ever drowned because they went swimming with a full tummy .
Going swimming after eating a big meal might make you uncomfortable , but it wo n’t cause you to drown .
And even if you did get a cramp , in most cases you could easily exit the water before any real damage is done .
5 Population Explosion
The error :
The earth is dangerously overpopulated or is getting close to being so
This is a myth which has been around for quite some time – from the Anglican minister Malthus in the 18th century who said : “ The power of population is indefinitely greater than the power in the earth to produce subsistence for man ” to environmentalists who see humans as evil in comparison to the rest of nature .
But , in truth , the world is a big place with plenty of space .
So , how much land does it take to hold 6 billion people ?
To give you an idea , consider the small nation of Japan .
It has about 143,000 square miles of area .
One square mile has 5280 * 5280 = 27.9 million square feet .
Japan has a total of about 4 trillion square feet , enough to give each person of the earth 670 square feet .
If we housed people in families of four in simple two - level buildings ( 8 people per building , one family of four per level ) , each building could be on a lot of over 5300 square feet .
If we used the American average of 8,000 square feet to four people , the entire population of the planet would fit into a space as big as Texas and Nevada combined – leaving the rest of the land for food production and entertainment venues .
I should also mention that many countries in the west are now in a period of population implosion as families are getting smaller .
4 Cellphone Plane Crash
The error : Using a cellphone on a plane can cause interference and , consequently , a crash .
The FAA has tested all sorts of electronic devices for 25 years , at 100 times the RF interference levels — and nothing happened .
The FAA simply states that no link between operating the devices has been proved .
It ’s been left up to the airlines to determine their own policy — and that policy is to put away your Blackberry .
By using your cellphone during flight , you risk interfering with a flight crew — but the plane wo n’t crash .
Consequently , some airlines are now allowing the use of cellphones during flights .
[ Source ]
3 Grumpy Old Men
The error :
When you get older , you become bad tempered
A recent study found that our personalities do n’t change much after age 30 .
So , if you ’re cheerful and gregarious in your 40s , you can expect to be the same in your 80s .
Marked personality changes some seniors experience are due not to normal aging but to some related disease like dementia or stroke .
This is something worth considering when you are planning to marry in your thirties – your future spouse probably behaves now the same way he or she will for the rest of his or her life .
[ Source ]
2 Raw Fish
The error : Sushi is raw fish
Sushi does not mean raw fish , and not all sushi includes raw fish .
The usual Japanese term for raw fish is sashimi .
The term sushi actually refers to the way the rice is prepared with a vinegary dressing .
Toppings for the rice may traditionally include raw fish — but also cooked seafood , fish roe , egg , or vegetables such as cucumber , daikon radish , or ume plum .
The dish constituting sushi and other fillings wrapped in a seaweed is referred to as makizushi , not sushi .
1 Are you a Cop ?
The error :
In the United States , a policeman must answer truthfully when asked if he is a cop
Entrapment law in the United States does not forbid police officers from denying that they are police .
It is more concerned with enticing people to commit crimes they would not , in the normal course of events , have considered .
This is an error that is frequently seen in movies – or perhaps it is just that films are realistically depicting people who believe the myth – though I doubt it .
I was sent the now notorious " police spotter card " through the post .
It 's an official laminated card for " police eyes only " and labelled as coming from " CO11 Public Order Intelligence Unit " .
The card contained the photographs of 24 anti-arms trade protesters , unnamed but lettered A to X .
My picture appeared as photo H .
You can imagine my reaction at finding I was the subject of a secret police surveillance process … I was delighted .
I phoned my agent and told him I was suspect H . He replied : " Next year we 'll get you top billing … suspect A . "
The Metropolitan police circulated the card specifically for the Docklands biannual arms fair in London to help its officers identify " people at specific events who may instigate offences or disorder " .
Which is such a flattering quote I am thinking of having it on my next tour poster .
While being wanted outside the arms fair , I was legitimately inside researching a book on the subject , and uncovered four companies illegally promoting " banned " torture equipment .
Questions were later asked in the Commons as to why HM Revenue & Customs and the police did n't spot it .
Though , in fairness , none of the torture traders featured on the spotter card .
What exactly was I doing that was so awfully wrong as to merit this attention ?
Today 's Guardian revelations of three secret police units goes some way to explain the targeting of protesters and raises worrying questions .
The job of these units is to spy on protesters , and collate and circulate information about them .
Protesters – or , as the police call them , " domestic extremists " – are the new " reds under the bed " .
Many of those targeted by the police have committed no crime and are guilty only of non-violent direct action .
So it is worth reminding ourselves that protest is legal .
Sorry if this sounds obvious , but you might have gained the impression that if three police units are spying on and targeting thousands , then those people must be up to something illegal .
The very phrase " domestic extremist " defines protesters in the eyes of the police as the problem , the enemy .
Spying on entire groups and organisations , and targeting the innocent , undermines not only our rights but the law – frightfully silly of me to drag this into an argument about policing , I know .
Protest is part of the democratic process .
It was n't the goodwill of politicians that led them to cancel developing countries ' debt , but the protests and campaigning of millions of ordinary people around the world .
The political leaders were merely the rubber stamp in the democratic process .
Thus any targeting and treatment of demonstrators ( at the G20 for example ) that creates a " chilling effect " – deterring those who may wish to exercise their right to protest – is profoundly undemocratic .
No police , secret or otherwise , should operate without proper accountability .
So how are these three units accountable ?
Who has access to the databases ?
How long does information remain in the system ?
What effect could it have on travel and future employment of those targeted ?
How closely do these units work with corporate private investigators , and does the flow of information go both ways ?
Do the police target strikers ?
A police spokesman has said that anyone who finds themselves on a database " should not worry at all " .
When a spokesman for the three secret units will not disclose a breakdown of their budgets , and two of the three will not even name who heads their operations ( even MI6 gave us an initial , for God 's sake ) , then the words " should not worry at all " are meaningless .
Indeed , when the police admit that someone could end up on a secret police database merely for attending a demonstration , it is exactly the time to worry .
Introducing XML :: Easy
cpan XML :: Easy
Some days , you just want to parse XML document .
However , the standard distribution of Perl does n't ship with a bundled XML parser , traditionally instead requiring the user to install a module from CPAN .
This means there 's no standard way to do this .
Instead there are several choices of parser , each with their advantages and disadvantages :
There is , as we often say in Perl , more than one way to do it .
This is the first post in a series where I 'm going to talk about XML :: Easy , a relatively new XML parsing module that deserves a little more publicising .
But why another XML parsing library ?
What 's wrong with the others ?
Well , a few things ...
One of the biggest problems with the most popular XML parsing modules like XML :: LibXML and XML :: Parser is that they rely on external C dependancies being installed on your system ( libxml2 and expat respectively ) so it can be hard to rely on them being installable on any old system .
Suppose you write some software that relies on these modules .
What exactly are you asking of the users of your software who have to install that module as a dependency ?
You 're asking them firstly to have a C compiler installed - something people using ActiveState Perl , basic web - host providers , or even Mac OS X users without dev tools do not have .
Even more than this you 're often asking them to download and install ( either by hand or via their package management system ) the external C libraries that these modules rely on , and then know how to configure the C compiler to link to these .
Complicated !
To solve this XML :: Easy ships with a pure Perl XML parser neither requiring external libraries or a C compiler to install :
In a pinch you can simply copy the Perl modules into your library path and you 're up and ready to go .
This means that this library can be relied on pretty much anywhere .
The observant will point out that there are many existing pure Perl XML parsing libraries on CPAN .
They suffer from another problem :
They 're slow .
Perl runs not as native instructions but as interpreted bytecode executing on a virtual machine , which is a technical way of saying " in a way that makes lots of very simple operations slow . "
This is why the boring details of XML parsing are normally handled in C space .
Luckily , XML :: Easy does n't use its pure Perl parser unless it really has to .
It prefers to compile and install on those systems that do have a working C compiler its own C code for parsing XML .
Note that this C code , bound into the perl interpreter with fast XS , is wholly self contained and does n't rely on external libraries .
All the user on a modern Linux system has to do to install the module is typeat the command prompt .
In this mode XML : : Easy is fast :
In our tests it 's at least as fast as XML :: LibXML ( which is to say , very fast indeed . )
This week I 've been re-writing some code that used to use MkDoc: : XML to use XML :: Easy and the new code is 600 ( yes , six hundred ) times faster .
This is great news for module authors who just want to do something simple with fast performance if they can get it , but do n't want to have to worry about putting too much of a burden on their users .
Of course , this would all be for naught if XML :: Easy did n't do a good job of parsing XML - but it does .
The other big failing of the many so - called XML parsers for Perl is that they screw up the little but important things .
They miss part of the specification ( sometimes even deliberately ! ) or they do n't let you do things properly like handle unicode .
XML :: Easy is n't like this :
It follows the specification quite carefully ( with the devotion I 've come to expect from its author , my co-worker Zefram ) and does n't screw up unicode because it does n't attempt to handle character encodings itself but embraces and works with Perl 's own unicode handling .
So by now , I 'll have either sold you on the idea of XML :: Easy or not , but I have n't really shown you how to use it .
In the next post in this series I 'm going to start talking about how you can use XML :: Easy to parse XML and extract which bits you want .
Images from Life World Library : Germany , 1961 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
What was the first Sega console you ever played : Genesis ?
Master System ?
Some Japanese gamers were playing on Sega hardware long before that .
In July 1983 , long before the advent of Sonic the Hedgehog , Sega released its first game machine .
If you 've never heard of the SG - 1000 , that 's likely because it was obsolete before it even launched .
Although its graphics were of better quality than most consoles on the market , it had the bad luck to be released in the same month as Nintendo 's world - changing Famicom , which had killer apps like Donkey Kong and could run circles around Sega 's hardware .
Thus , Sega did n't stick with the SG - 1000 for very long , all but abandoning it within two years to introduce its more competitive Master System platform , which it launched worldwide .
This leaves the SG - 1000 as another footnote in gaming history :
Few have heard of it , even fewer have played it , and the games were n't that great anyway .
It 's so obscure that during all my trips to Japan , spanning the better part of a decade , I 'd never seen an original unit for sale .
So when I came across one in the box the week before Tokyo Game Show for a reasonable 5800 yen ( about $ 58 ) – and knowing that the city would soon be set upon by a deluge of vacationing nerds – I decided to buy it .
SG - 1000 was born into a very crowded marketplace :
There were already at least seven different game machines competing for consumers ' dollars , from established Japanese toy and tech companies like Takara , Bandai and Tomy as well as Japanese versions of American consoles like Intellivision and Atari 2600 .
By the end of the year , at least three more would be available .
Opening up the box , I soon discovered some of the reasons for the lack of demand of the SG - 1000 on the collector 's market – and also why Sega abandoned it so quickly at the time .
First off , the SG - 1000 does n't support composite A/V output – just RF .
This is the norm for any piece of game hardware released prior to 1985 , but it also means that anyone who wants to play SG - 1000 software has a much better option : the Master System , which is a much more common piece of hardware , has A/V and is fully backward compatible with the older console .
But the SG - 1000 's fatal flaw , then and now , is its joystick .
Like several other game machines of the day , Sega 's system features a hardwired controller :
The joystick is attached permanently to the console .
This was often done as a cost - saving measure , but was quickly abandoned due to the fact that it was incredibly inconvenient .
And the joystick sucked :
Held vertically , with buttons on the sides , it featured an unwieldy stick that required a heavy touch and had poor response .
The SG - 1000 's joystick made games much harder than they had to be – it's actually easier to play them with a keyboard on an emulator , not that I ever tried such a thing .
In the end , Sega decided to quickly abandon the original SG - 1000 model , introducing the Mark II less than a year later .
Mark II featured joypad controllers like the Famicom's , which were detachable from the system .
Interestingly , it seems as if Sega originally designed the SG - 1000 's packaging to be sold in English - speaking territories .
Note that the original boxes for the launch games like Congo Bongo , pictured above , had both English and Japanese descriptions .
Although it never made it to America , the console , as well as a compatible Sega - made personal computer called SC - 3000 , were sold in Australia by a game publisher called John Sands Electronics .
By 1984 , however , the large game boxes were gone , replaced by smaller ones that just barely fit the cartridge and the instruction book – and only featured Japanese text ( above ) .
But ultimately , tweaks to the SG - 1000 's hardware were n't going to cut it , because the graphics simply were n't competitive .
The games look like those of the Colecovision , and for good reason :
The SG - 1000 's innards are practically identical to Coleco 's game machine's .
Both featured a Zilog Z80A 3.58 - MHz CPU , a Texas Instruments TMS9928A 16 - color video processor , and TI 's SN76489 sound chip .
An unauthorized clone system called the " Telegames Personal Arcade " actually played both Colecovision and SG - 1000 cartridges .
Some hobbyists have ported SG - 1000 games to the Colecovision , releasing them on cartridges .
It 's not difficult to find some of the more common SG - 1000 titles in Akihabara 's game stores , with prices ranging from about 200 to 500 yen for loose common games like Champion Baseball up to around 8,000 to 9,000 yen for boxed rarities .
I bought six games for between 480 and 2,000 yen each .
( 100 yen = about $ 1 . )
Flicky ( left )
Flicky sucks ; it sucks worse than the SG - 1000 's joystick and it sucks even more because of the joystick .
As a crippled , nearly flightless bird , you have to collect a screenful of black and yellow chicks and bring them to the exit without getting eaten by the two cats .
This is , as it turns out , impossible .
Unfortunately for you and your fluffy charges , the jumping control is so terrible that getting back up to the exit is insanely difficult .
Cat food is you .
Congo Bongo ( right )
Sega 's attempt at a Donkey Kong clone ditches the goal of saving a lady – now you 're apparently just trying to reach the top of the screen to cuddle up close to a monkey .
Oddly , although the original arcade game had an isometric top - down viewpoint of the jungle cliffs , Sega shifted it to a direct viewing angle in the SG - 1000 version .
This is especially odd because the Colecovision version of the game kept the original design .
Anyway , let 's just say there 's a reason they made a movie about Donkey Kong and not this .
Sega - Galaga ( left )
Following in the footsteps of many console makers of the golden age , Sega licensed several classic arcade titles from other companies and reprogrammed the games itself .
In this case , it even added its company name to the title of Namco 's Galaga .
Although it 's not as bright and vibrant as the original , the alien - shooting gameplay is still intact , making this one of the more fun SG - 1000 games I 've played .
Golgo - 13 ( right )
SG - 1000 even had a few licensed games , most notably this one based on the popular spy manga series Golgo - 13 .
The Nintendo version is best remembered for its steamy scenes of pixelized seduction , but this one is pure action : Driving a car alongside a speeding train , you 've got to snipe out the windows so that hostages can escape .
Shoot anything but the windows and the bullet will bounce back and hit you , if you 're not careful .
Fun , although it seems like perhaps the designers used up most of their cartridge space on the title screen .
Sindbad Mystery ( left )
I bought Sindbad Mystery largely because of the box art , which depicts a turbaned boy clinging to a rainbow camel .
The game , sadly , has absolutely nothing to do with prismatic dromedaries :
It 's just a ploddingly slow Pac - Man clone in which our hero collects a maze full of question marks .
The Escher - like dual - layer playfield injects a bit of novelty , but not enough .
Girl 's Garden ( right )
A landmark release for one reason :
It is the first game directed by Yuji Naka , who would go on to create Sonic the Hedgehog .
Girl 's Garden teaches girls how to collect love and money .
Specifically , you have to pick flowers from a garden full of bears , then bring them back to your boyfriend who 's been minding the store .
Finish a round and the music " Here Comes The Bride " plays for the pair .
Of course he married her :
How can you turn down any woman who just went out and battled fucking bears ?
Colecovision - level graphics were pretty nice in 1983 – right up until the point that Nintendo entered the market .
While the United States did n't get the Nintendo Entertainment System until 1985 , the Famicom was released in Japan in July 1983 , right alongside the SG - 1000 .
It exploded in popularity .
While Sega scrambled to update its controllers to match Nintendo 's innovative pads , and introduced the more graphically competitive Master System in 1985 , the damage had already been done – not merely to Sega , but to all the hardware makers that comprised the rest of Japan 's fledgling videogame industry .
Sega would soldier on with the Master System , but the SG - 1000 was all but dead within two years .
Photos : Chris Kohler / Wired.com
See Also :
With Halloween around the corner and Hollywood releasing horror movies such as “ Paranormal Activity ” and “ Saw VI , ” one can not help but feel chills running down his or her spine .
St. John ’s Catholic Newman Center had the timing right when it invited exorcist Father Vince Lampert to speak about his experiences Monday night at Foellinger Auditorium .
Lampert , the head priest at St. Francis and Clare parish in Greenwood , Ind. , was ordained a priest in 1991 .
He was later asked by the archbishop of Indianapolis if he was willing to train as an exorcist , said Monsignor Gregory Ketcham , director and head chaplain at the Newman Center .
“ Father Lampert was asked to take on the role of an exorcist because he is very prayerful and faithful , and he has a lot of integrity — he ’s a good man , ” Ketcham said .
Lampert is one of twelve exorcists in America today , Ketcham said .
Lampert spent a whole summer in Rome training under Italy ’s head exorcist .
This training included witnessing and assisting in about 60 exorcisms .
Now that Lampert has been a fully trained exorcist for several years , he said he receives five to six calls a week from people who believe they are possessed .
Exorcisms are only performed as a last resort once the subject is determined to be truly possessed .
“ For one to become possessed by the devil , one has to have a dedication to the devil , be cursed or lead a life that is full of sin ; it is something more than just a struggle against temptation , ” Lampert said .
Performing an exorcism takes a lot of preparation by not only the subject , but by the exorcist too , Lampert said .
Before each exorcism , Lampert has to go through a series of prayers and attend confession so the devil will not be able top reach him .
“ In order for a person to be exorcised , they have to be fully committed to turning to Christ , ” Lampert said .
“ If they resist , the exorcism can not be performed . ”
When determining if a person is in fact possessed , Lampert looks for several criteria .
“ A person may be possessed if they have an ability to speak unknown languages , unhuman - like strength , the knowledge of the unknown , and an inexplicable aversion to holy places , ” Lampert said .
During an exorcism , Lampert goes through 10 steps , including prayers and blessings , he said .
“ Sometimes the exorcism can be rather dull , ” Lampert said .
“ But I have seen a woman levitate and people ’s faces contort . ”
During his lecture , Lampert told several stories of extraordinary events that have occurred during his exorcisms .
In one story , a person spoke in a childlike voice that was not his own , as it was the devil speaking .
People formed long lines before the microphone in order to ask Lampert questions about his unusual career .
Many viewers were also listening attentively to his answers with gasping and awing .
Many of the seats at Foellinger Auditorium were occupied throughout the event .
Erika Satterlee , freshman in LAS , said she went into the lecture not knowing much about exorcisms except for depictions in movies .
“ The lecture was definitely interesting , ” Satterlee said .
“ It freaked me out too , which I knew it would . ”
This was Lampert ’s second time speaking at the University around Halloween , Ketcham said .
“ Lampert ’s purpose of speaking is to share the Catholic view of evil and how it works in our lives , ” Ketcham said .
“ He is here to tell us the truth . ”
The Government got further ammunition for its drive to cut € 1.3bn off the public sector wage bill yesterday when a new report showed the cost of paying pensions will double in the next decade .
And there was another blow for public sector workers when it was revealed the average civil servant takes 11 sick days a year -- almost double the rate of absence in the private sector .
The report from the Comptroller and Auditor General emerged as the Government gets ready to slash € 1.3 bn from the public sector pay and pensions bill in December 's Budget .
The report shows three out of five civil servants take leave and the direct cost of absenteeism is € 64 m .
But the all - in cost to the country is reckoned to be double this amount .
Absenteeism
By contrast the latest survey of absenteeism in the private sector shows an average rate of just six days per employee .
Responding to the report , the Department of Finance pointed out that over 40 pc of staff took no sick leave in 2007 .
The department said an up - to - date and robust policy to manage sick leave was at an advanced stage of negotiation with the unions .
" This policy takes on board the concerns raised by the Comptroller and Auditor General , such as providing a general framework of guidelines on more efficient management of sick leave and a definition of long - term sick leave , " the report said .
" The policy is also aimed at reducing absence from work , which should result in reductions in the cost of sick leave . "
The report stressed legitimate sickness leave was a normal part of employment but insisted civil servant managers needed to intervene where it is " excessive and unwarranted " .
The average woman working in state departments was absent 14 days , while the average man was off for eight days .
Stating that a 5 pc cut in sick leave would save the state at least € 3.2 m , the C&AG urged the civil service to start monitoring absences and comparing them with other departments .
But the C&AG also revealed the dramatic escalation in meeting the cost of the public sector pension bill .
The cost of paying public sector pensions is € 2.4bn this year .
This will increase to € 4.4bn by 2018 and € 14.7bn in 2058 .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Finance Minister Brian Lenihan indicated to union leaders this week that they were looking to cut the public sector wage bill by almost 7 pc , or € 1.3bn .
Opposition
The Government has repeatedly signalled that it intended to cut wages right across the board in the public sector in the Budget , despite workers ' opposition to the pension levy earlier this year .
The last time a similar review was carried out , more than 20 years ago in 1986 , the average sick leave for a civil servant was just over seven - and - a - half days a year .
In 2007 , the average was more than 11 days , but this rose to 16 days among clerical officers -- three - quarters of whom took sick leave that year .
Labour 's social and family affairs spokeswoman Roisin Shortall described as remarkable the massive variance in absenteeism rates between state and government departments .
" This would suggest that there are particular problems , among particular groups of people that need to be tackled and that in some departments and agencies there is a culture of absenteeism where the system is abused , " she said .
The investigation found the highest levels of sick leave were in the State Laboratory ( 77 pc of employees had taken absence ) ; the Property Registration Authority ( 76 pc ) ; the Department of Social and Family Affairs ( 69 pc ) ; the Public Appointments Service ( 67 pc ) ; the Central Statistics Office ( 67 pc ) ; the Chief State Solicitor 's Office ( 66 pc ) ; and the Director of Public Prosecutions ( 65 pc ) .
Among the lower rates were the Department of Arts , Sports and Tourism ( 42 pc ) ; the Taoiseach 's office ( 43 pc ) ; Office of Public Works ( 44 pc ) ; and the Department of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food ( 45 pc ) .
Ms Shortall said the records of some departments were " simply unacceptable " .
" I do not think that public servants should be scapegoated for our current economic problems , " she said .
" However , there is a need for the public service to show leadership in making economies and this is one such area . "
Irish Independent
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Japan ’s government inched toward agreeing new stimulus measures that could be worth $ 30 billion on Monday as economic growth is likely to slow next year due to sluggish personal spending and rising inventories .
Economists doubt whether that amount will be enough to push growth up significantly as the Democratic Party - led government will likely fund the stimulus with money cut from a budget compiled by the previous administration .
Japan ’s massive national debt means the Democrats do n’t have the leeway to spend much more .
The economy grew 1.2 percent in the third quarter , nearly double the forecast and the fastest pace in more than two years , but that was partly due to stimulus that the previous government enacted .
The better - than - expected headline figure also failed to mask signs of weakness in private consumption and factory output .
Top government spokesman Hirofumi Hirano told reporters cabinet ministers will discuss fiscal policy on Tuesday , but that wo n’t lead to an announcement on an extra budget .
The Democrats and their two coalition partners agreed not to put a limit on extra stimulus , Banking Minister Shizuka Kamei said .
That contradicted Finance Minister Hirohisa Fujii , who earlier said an extra budget wo n’t exceed 2.7 trillion yen , Kyodo news reported .
The government is likely to declare on Friday the economy has returned to deflation , the Nikkei newspaper reported , as the domestic demand deflator fell 2.6 percent in the third quarter from a year earlier , the largest drop in 51 years .
“ The stimulus would come from what they ’ve cut elsewhere , so the effect on the economy could be close to neutral , ” said Satoru Ogasawara , economist at Credit Suisse in Tokyo .
“ Strength in domestic demand will likely continue for the remainder of this year , but we expect some softness in the economy next year . ”
Japan ’s gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth was much faster than the median estimate for 0.7 percent growth and was the largest gain since the first quarter of 2007 .
It compared with a revised 0.7 percent expansion in the second quarter of this year , which was the first growth in five quarters .
A Reuters poll shows Japan ’s GDP is expected to slow to 0.1 percent growth in the first quarter next year as stimulus measures fade .
The United States and Europe have also emerged from recession but face the same challenge as Japan , namely how to combat weak job creation and downward pressure on prices after stimulus wears off .
A man walks on a footbridge in Tokyo's Shiodome business district , November 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Toru Hanai
MINISTER LEAKS FIGURES
In a headache for Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , Trade Minister Masayuki Naoshima leaked the GDP numbers before the embargo time , raising questions about the government ’s ability to handle confidential information .
December 10 - year JGB futures climbed to 138.94 on concern that the economy will lose traction , and then pulled back to settle 0.02 point lower at 138.86 .
“ The economy is expected to continue to recover as overseas economies improve , ” National Strategy Minister Naoto Kan told reporters after the data .
“ At the same time , the employment situation remains very bad and downside risks exist in overseas economies . ”
Kan added that he saw signs of deflation and wanted to work closely with the Bank of Japan to avoid deflation from deepening .
Deflation can cause consumers and businesses to delay purchases , dragging the economy down further , but Japanese policy makers may have little success in causing prices to rise given the large gap between supply and demand .
Private consumption rose 0.7 percent , better than a forecast for a 0.5 percent rise but slower than a 1.0 percent increase in the previous quarter .
Domestic demand contributed 0.8 percentage point to growth , the first positive contribution in six quarters .
CAPITAL SPENDING UP
Subsidies and tax breaks enacted by the previous government helped private consumption , but the pace of the rise was slower than the quarter before and an expected fall in year - end bonuses and a soft labor market mean households will have less to spend .
“ With weakness ahead in private consumption or public spending , a slowdown is unavoidable in the January - March and April - June quarters , ” said Kyohei Morita , chief economist at Barclays Capital in Tokyo .
“ The one bright spot is that capital spending turned positive .
However , while this signals that capital spending is starting to rise from the bottom , the size is still not enough to promise the kind of speed that would be required to prevent a slowdown in the first half of 2010 . ”
Capital expenditure rose 1.6 percent , the first gain in six quarters and faster than a 0.1 percent increase forecast by economists .
In an ominous sign for manufacturing , inventories started to increase , contributing 0.4 percentage point to growth in the third quarter , the first positive contribution since the fourth quarter last year .
“ Companies have been increasing production for about a year now , and inventories are likely to start piling up toward year - end and around the Chinese New Year , ” said Yasuo Yamamoto , senior economist at Mizuho Research Institute in Tokyo .
“ This could lead to a slowdown in Japanese production and Japanese growth in April - June 2010 . ”
Most economists say there is little chance of Japan ’s economy , which extended its rebound to a second quarter , returning to recession as stimulus spending overseas should support export demand .
Japan ’s exports rose 6.4 percent in the third quarter , matching their increase in the previous three months .
( $ 1=89.64 Yen )
BERLIN ( Reuters ) -
The head of Germany ’s armed forces and a senior Defense Ministry official were forced to resign on Thursday over reports the military withheld details about a September 4 air strike that killed civilians in Afghanistan .
The head of Germany 's armed forces Wolfgang Schneiderhan , talking to the media in Berlin , October 29 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Tobias Schwarz
Opposition parties also called on Franz Josef Jung , defense minister at the time and now labor minister , to step down in what could become a major embarrassment for Chancellor Angela Merkel just as she considers sending more troops to Afghanistan .
In a speech to parliament , Jung ’s voice faltered as he told the Bundestag lower house what he knew about the attack , noting he had been aware of the existence of a military police report into the deaths which his critics have seized on .
“ But I did n’t have any concrete knowledge of the report , ” he said , prompting laughter from opposition lawmakers .
Jung said the report had been passed on to NATO and that he had informed parliament correctly throughout , adding he had never ruled out civilian casualties .
He gave no indication he was about to resign .
Germany ’s Bild newspaper reported on Thursday that videos and a secret military report had clearly pointed to civilian casualties at the time Jung and the military were denying them .
Asked about the air strike ahead of a parliamentary debate on the matter , Merkel stopped short of endorsing Jung , a member of her conservative Christian Democrats ( CDU ) .
The strike , ordered by a German commander and carried out by a U.S. F - 15 fighter , was the deadliest operation involving German troops since World War Two , killing 69 Taliban fighters and 30 civilians , according to the Afghan government .
But in the days after the strike , Jung repeatedly denied there were any civilian victims .
New Defense Minister Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg , who took over from Jung last month , acknowledged the existence of the report and said he had been unaware of it until Wednesday .
Speaking in the Bundestag , Guttenberg said Wolfgang Schneiderhan , who as inspector general holds the highest military post in the German armed forces , and deputy defense minister Peter Wichert had both resigned .
“ This report and others from the previous legislative period were not presented and responsibility for this has been taken at a senior level , ” Guttenberg said .
UNPOPULAR MISSION
At a news conference with NATO Secretary - General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , Merkel said she backed Guttenberg in his effort to clear up the matter and “ take the necessary steps , ” and expected Jung to be open about what he knew about the incident .
“ I have full confidence that ( Jung ) will act in the same spirit , namely that responsibility in Afghanistan means full transparency , ” she said .
During the Bundestag debate , television cameras repeatedly panned to show her frowning as she leant forward in her seat .
Next week , parliament is expected to renew a mandate which allows Merkel ’s government to deploy up to 4,500 troops in the country , but senior officials have indicated this number could be raised early next year after a strategy review .
Germany now has about 4,250 troops in Afghanistan .
NATO allies are re-examining their presence in Afghanistan and U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to announce on Tuesday that he will send an additional 30,000 troops there .
The mission has become increasingly unpopular in Germany and other Western countries as violence has surged to its deadliest levels since the Taliban was forced from power in 2001 .
The September strike came as a shock to the public in Germany , where opposition to military conflict runs deep more than 60 years after the Nazi defeat .
The German forces who called in the strike later described it as a pre-emptive measure to prevent a possible suicide attack by Taliban fighters who had hijacked two fuel trucks .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai called the raid a major “ error of judgment ” and it was also criticized by France and Britain .
On November 6 , Guttenberg became the first senior government official to admit publicly that civilians had died .
DAKAR , Senegal  Streets were deserted and shops were shut tight Tuesday in Conakry , Guinea , a day after government troops went on a brutal rampage at an opposition rally , shooting , stabbing , raping and assaulting dozens of men and women in a packed stadium .
Hospitals in the city were full of the wounded from what opponents of the military government here termed a massacre , and human rights groups continued to revise upward the number of dead , saying Tuesday that about 157 people are known to have been killed .
Over a thousand victims had suffered gunshot wounds or other injuries , the groups said .
Fresh assaults were said to have taken place in some neighborhoods on Tuesday , with soldiers shooting in the air and pursuing and firing on opponents of the government , according to several opposition figures .
They said several new deaths had been recorded Tuesday .
Image Guinean soldiers arrested a man who attended an opposition rally in a stadium in the capital , Conakry , on Monday .
Credit ... Seyllou / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Houses of opposition leaders were ransacked and shops were looted by uniformed men , they said .
But they said a precise death toll was impossible to ascertain because the army had removed bodies from the stadium where as many as 50,000 had gathered to protest the ruling military junta .
All described an atmosphere of tension in Conakry , the West African nation ’s seaside capital .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
November 28 , 2009
Ben Bernanke , Federal Reserve mob boss , is running scared .
He is deathly afraid an audit of his criminal organization .
“ These measures are very much out of step with the global consensus on the appropriate role of central banks , and they would seriously impair the prospects for economic and financial stability in the United States , ” Bernanke wrote in the CIA ’s favorite newspaper , The Washington Post .
Maybe Bernanke is worried he will be obliged to wear an orange jumpsuit in the wake of an audit .
Bernanke penned his tribute to central banking and globalism prior to his scheduled testimony before a Senate panel on his renomination to serve a second four - year term as Fed mob boss .
Bankster tool Barney Frank , chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , tried to derail an effort to audit the Fed but failed .
A proposal to audit the Fed ’s monetary policy deliberations won a committee vote recently over Frank ’s objections .
In his Mockingbird media editorial , Bernanke “ conceded the Fed had missed some of the riskiest behavior in the lead up to the crisis .
But he said the Fed had helped avoid an even more damaging economic meltdown and has stepped up its policing of the financial system . ”
In fact , the Fed was specifically designed to create financial crises .
It was all plotted in 1910 when minions of J.P. Morgan , John D. Rockefeller , the Rothschilds and Warburgs met on Jekyll Island off the coast of Georgia .
In 1913 , the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank was created as a direct result of that secret meeting .
Said Congressman Charles Lindbergh on the midnight passage of the Federal Reserve Act : “ From now on , depressions will be scientifically created . ”
In order to scientifically create an economic depression , the Fed prompted irresponsible speculation by expanding the money supply sixty - two percent between 1923 and 1929 .
The so - called Great Depression followed .
This depression “ was not accidental .
It was a carefully contrived occurrence , ” declared Congressman Louis McFadden , Chairman of the House Banking Committee .
“ The international bankers sought to bring about a condition of despair here so that they might emerge as rulers of us all . ”
In March of 1929 , Paul Warburg issued a tip that the scientifically created crash was coming .
Before it did , John D. Rockefeller , Bernard Baruch , Joseph P. Kennedy , and other banksters got out of the market .
[ efoods ]
A few years later , the banksters and their minions met in Bretton Woods , New Hampshire , and plotted the creation of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
The purpose of these two criminal organizations was to set - up a global Federal Reserve system and wage economic warfare on billions of people .
The weapon they used was debt and the loss of sovereignty that follows .
In 1971 , then president Nixon fit one of the last pieces into the puzzle — he signed an executive order declaring that the United States no longer had to redeem its paper dollars for gold .
It was a great day for the banksters and the global elite .
The gold standard ensured predictability and regularity in the economy and the banksters wanted to put an end to that .
For the bankers , order and control is realized out of chaos and misery .
Fast - forward to the present day .
Bernanke ’s
Fed has meticulously sabotaged the economy in order to create a crisis in classic Hegelian fashion .
The corporate media tells us the crisis is the result of ineptitude and mismanagement at the Federal Reserve .
Au contraire .
Like the Great Depression , the even Greater Depression now on the horizon was scientifically created .
The Fed is the primary instrument the bankers are now using to destroy the middle class , hand over all public assets and resources to them , implement a crushing austerity , usher in a new era of global corporatist feudalism and build a sprawling planet - wide slave plantation based on China ’s totalitarian model .
It is the ultimate dream of the banking cartel .
It will be used as the foundation to build world government .
Destroying the dollar as the world ’s reserve currency is only the beginning .
Bernanke knows Ron Paul and the audit the Fed movement are extremely dangerous .
That ’s why he is pushing this facile “ oops ” theory .
In order to fix things , the Fed will use its “ knowledge of complex financial institutions ” in order to supervise them , he writes in his Mockingbird editorial .
Allowing audits of Federal Reserve monetary policy would increase the perceived influence of Congress on interest rate decisions , he says .
No , it would lay bare the criminality of the Federal Reserve .
Maybe Bernanke is worried he will be obliged to wear an orange jumpsuit in the wake of an audit .
As for Congress , Bernanke needs to read Article 1 , Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution .
Congress shall have exclusive power to “ coin Money , regulate the Value thereof , ” not a criminal cartel of monopoly men who dream of a prison planet .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Britains Bankrupt Banks Top Secret HBOS and RBS Loans Truth Revealed
The Bank of England let slip some truth after a year of basically keeping silent on the extent of the behind the scenes actions to prevent the bankruptcy of HBOS and RBS as evidenced by the Top Secret £ 61.6 billion loans made during October last year .
More than a year on , with liabilities extending to more than £ 1 trillion perhaps the Bank of England , Treasury , FSA and Chancellor had thought that the truth could now be quietly brushed under the carpet ?
Perhaps that was the reasoning rather than for the news to emerge during the general election campaign ?
The fact of the matter is that Gordon Brown in public and with much fanfare of rescuing the British Banking system to the tune of a £ 37 billion of capital injections , as well as making available hundreds of billions in loans , that the Bank of England had already proceeded to loan as much tax payers money as was necessary to prevent either HBOS or RBS from going bankrupt a good week before Gordon Browns bank rescue announcement .
However , this is NOT exactly NEWS , for whilst the precise truth has taken more than a year to emerge , the basic facts of what took place at the time have already been written in black and white on the Bank of England 's balance sheet which at the time showed a £ 110 billion surge in loans which were obviously made to the Banks teetering on the brink of Bankruptcy .
After all at the time HBOS and RBS were publically known to be on the brink of collapse , which is why the Government forced a shotgun wedding between HBOS and LLoyds which has subsequently proceeded to bankrupt LLoyds resulting in much distress for Lloyds Shareholders and tax payer cash - Halifax , HBOS Cancer Continues to Eat into Lloyds TSB , £ 4Billion Loss
Defacto Nationalisation is inevitable as I pointed out on the 13th of February ( Will HBOS Bankrupt Lloyds TSB into Nationalisation ? ) -
Given the size of the HBOS and Lloyds TSB loan book , the £ 10 billion loss declared at the time was just the tip of the ice berg as 2009 will turn out to be a worse year than 2008 in economic terms as £ 10 billion of share holder equity cannot hope to defend against a loan book well in excess of £ 1 trillion , where even a further 1 % loss due to bad debts would equate to more than total shareholder equity , and given the crash in UK house prices of 21 % to date with a housing market depression to follow for many years despite the ongoing summer bounce , I cannot imagine how the bank can hope to survive in its present form .
Maybe in the coming days or weeks the Bank of England will come clean on who were the recipients of the rest of the money , and perhaps in a years time , today 's secret bailouts will also be revealed ?
The mainstream press has jumped on this pseudo news , though as I have pointed out it is not really news that the money was loaned , just that there must have been political pressure on the Bank of England to keep quiet for so long as Gordon Brown attempted to create an aura of being the only person that could rescue the country from financial armageddon .
It also appears that the mainstream press lacks proper memory of the sequence of events dating right from the collapse of Northern Rock into the crisis of Sept /
Oct 2008 the most notable of which was the Bank of England laying the ground work for secret loans to the Banks in April 2008 as I commented on at the time in the article - Bank of England Throws £ 50 billion of Tax Payers Money at the Banks
Now the next phase of the Fraud is for the Financial Institutions to swap the high risk un - priceable effectively worthless junk for risk free gilt edged securities .
It will be £ 50 billion today , then another £ 50 billion in some more months time .
The consequences for this will be that despite what ever accounting practice the Treasury may use to hide the debt from the Countries balance sheet , it is in effect an increase of Government debt of £ 50 billion , which has inflationary consequences , as the Government will continue gambling with Tax Payers money that they are able to draw a line under a deleveraging derivatives market .
However £ 50 billion is a drop in the ocean against a £ 250 trillion market .
Why has no one in the mainstream press remembered this important event which set the ball rolling ?
Why did the Bank of England keep secret during October on the initial loans to the bankrupt banks ?
My opinion is that it has its roots in the fiasco surrounding the speculation of a possible loan of £ 2 billion to Northern Rock in September 2007 to keep it afloat , which they had NOT kept secret and hence triggered a run on the bank .
Clearly Mervyn King feared a similar event of a far greater run on both HBOS and RBS .
Though as I pointed out above they were both publically bankrupt anyway , I mean the hedge funds were destroying HBOS on a near hourly basis as the share price crashed ever lower ( Hedge Funds Crash Halifax , HBOS Rescued by Lloyds TSB ) .
So ironically had Mervyn King gone public about this unprecedented support then it may have actually helped the situation as depositors would have been further reassured and so would probably have HBOS and RBS stock holders .
After all in September 2007 , Northern Rock Depositors were under the impression that only the first £ 35 k was guaranteed , and even then they may be locked in for months or longer if the bank went under which resulted in the run on the Bank .
Whilst during September 2008 , the chancellor and FSA went out of their way to make it clear to the public that HBOS and RBS would NOT be allowed to go bust and therefore depositors were safe , so reinforces the view that to stay silent on the loans was a mistake .
Off course all of that is in the past , the question now is what will we find out AFTER the next general election when Mervyn King is forced to come clean on the bankster 's crimes against British tax payers , where once Chancellor Alistair Darling stated that tax payers would not lose a single penny on the Northern Rock rescue , but instead tax payers have already lost at least £ 10 billion !
( Northern Rock , Tax Payer Bailed Out Bankrupt Bank Adds 750 Million More Losses ) .
My estimate of the total losses i.e. bad debt write offs across the UK banking system could reach £ 500 billion which is highly inflationary as the Bank of England prints money to monetize the debt , as the losses nearly double the pre credit crisis UK National debt total to which additional bank liabilities are added that will sit on the back of tax payers for decades .
The consequences of out of control government borrowing on this scale is highly inflationary which my New series on the INFLATIONARY outlook covers in depth , ensure your subscribed to my always free newsletter to get the full scenario and it's implications in your in box as it will be one of my seminal pieces much as The Stocks Stealth Bull Market Scenario of March 09 and Crude Oil Top of July 08 , or the UK Housing Market August 07 Top and Bear Market were before it amongst many others .
By Nadeem Walayat
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Copyright © 2005-09 Marketoracle.co.uk ( Market Oracle Ltd ) .
All rights reserved .
Nadeem Walayat has over 20 years experience of trading derivatives , portfolio management and analysing the financial markets , including one of few who both anticipated and Beat the 1987 Crash .
Nadeem 's forward looking analysis specialises on the housing market and interest rates .
Nadeem is the Editor of The Market Oracle , a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
We present in - depth analysis from over 400 experienced analysts on a range of views of the probable direction of the financial markets .
Thus enabling our readers to arrive at an informed opinion on future market direction .
http://www.marketoracle.co.uk
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors before engaging in any trading activities .
Nadeem Walayat Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Lloyd ’s is proposing to transfer certain EEA insurance policies to Lloyd ’s Brussels .
The proposed transfer will not change terms and conditions of any policy , except that Lloyd ’s Brussels will become the insurer and Data Controller in respect of the transferred policies .
Further information about the proposal ( including whether it could affect your pre-transfer position ) , which policies are transferring , your rights and what you need to do can be found at lloyds.com / brexittransfer .
Previous | Next Caught Cheating Posted at : 2009-10-27 10:47:33
Original ad :
No strings attached - dinner wine whatever ?
I am a nice woman just looking for a good time .
Come over and drink and we can watch a movie and see where it goes from there ;)
From Me to **********@********.org :
Hey !
I live in the area and am also looking for a good time with no strings attached .
I am a 37 year old man who just likes having some fun .
How about you come over and we watch a movie and have some wine ?
You down ?
Mike
From Karen ******** to Me :
Hi mike !
Of course I am down for some fun ;)
Do you have any pics of yourself ?
From Karen ******** to Me :
Mike are you still there ?
I havent heard from you !
From Me to Karen ********:
STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM MY HUSBAND .
From Karen ******** to Me :
umm ... what ?
From Me to Karen ********:
YOU HEARD ME , YOU WHORE .
THIS IS MIKE'S WIFE .
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU HE WAS MARRIED , DID HE , YOU FUCKING SLUT !
From Karen ******** to Me :
huh I swear he did n't say anything about that !
I 'm sorry !
I wo n't write again !
From Me to Karen ********:
Karen ,
It is Mike .
What the hell did you say to my wife ?
She found out about us !
She is packing her stuff and talking about a divorce .
What did you do ?!
Mike
From Karen ******** to Me :
I responded to YOUR email that 's it !
Maybe you should n't let your wife check your email !
Lastly there is no " us " !
I would n't screw around with a married man !
Shame on you for cheating on your wife !
From Me to Karen ********:
Karen ,
Look , I 'm sorry , I should have told you about my wife .
I just did n't think it was worth mentioning .
Now I managed to calm my wife down .
She was willing to hear my side of the story .
I told her you were an old girlfriend from high school that was still obsessed with me , and I was trying to get rid of you .
She believes me , but she wants to kick your ass .
Would you be able to come over here and let my wife kick your ass ?
Do n't worry , she does n't hit that hard .
Just pretend it hurts .
I 'll give you $ 20 if you can do this for me .
Please help me out here !
Mike
From Karen ******** to Me :
why would you tell her that !!!!!
just be honest and accept what you did !!
no I wont go over there to get beat up are you out of your mind ????
From Me to Karen ********:
Please Karen !
If she divorces me , I am screwed .
I made the mistake of not signing a prenuptial agreement when we got married , and now she is talking about taking everything !
She even wants to take my Plasma TV !
That TV is my world .
It is like a son to me .
Please do n't let her do this .
Just come over and let her kick your ass .
Do it for me , Karen .
Mike
From Karen ******** to Me :
I 'm sorry but this is not my fault at all .
I can't help you .
From Me to Karen ********:
Fuck .
Well are you still down for a good time with dinner and a movie ?
From Karen ******** to Me :
absolutely not .
From Me to Karen ********:
So you ruin my life , and now you wo n't even go out on a date with me ?
Thanks a lot , Karen .
Next time why do n't you add " WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE " next to your personal ad ?
Previous | Next Share Showing comments 1 - 25 .
View all comments latamdaterde ( 2018-12-28 10:30:34 )
msnbc religion editor
The new site will have the identical fresh new investigation and more detailed revealing you are that would , But it will ensure you and simply , also , yourself to be traverse a much wider assortment of dvds , well written articles a Leroytrund ( 2018-10-09 12:54:40 )
As the name suggests , vmate App is a golf dvd downloader installation .
no matter the reason , it provides a considerable measure of demonstrates making it distinctive from other programs .
your application has a variety of ability to discover challenges ach OscarTut ( 2018-09-23 18:45:12 )
Eksperymenty oraz zajęcia spośród matematyki Przed Tobą testy z matmy , które dożyły opracowane rozł ącznie gwoli każdej z właściwości , rzeczywiście iżby mógł skreśl GregoryEa ( 2018-09-05 03:35:28 )
rel Jio largely sought after keyword a mobile phone devices dieters with 2016 assurance Jio , which probably designed this is greatly looked forward to 4G organizations yr after , would be the most did some research keyword that by mobile phone handset m Elizabet ( 2018-05-26 14:35:16 )
I pay a visit day - to - day a few web pages and sites to read posts , but this webpage provides feature based posts .
bayern munchen tröja RaymondRessy ( 2017-12-16 01:03:00 )
exclusive Inadvisable magical journey all over asia quite often , anytime you tell men or women about a potential foreign holiday vacation , these products think interest , or possibly involvment , or simply jealousy .
not pertaining to four family members BrianBoT ( 2017-12-15 19:01:41 )
and so god allow us to so for people reached this really is essential , it 's important to in fact respect genital herpes virus treatments establish and read us entire .
an advanced client , typically log in for any number of utilize .
an advanced nonsu BrianBoT ( 2017-12-07 13:49:08 )
panic or anxiety attack of online hackers request ransom to work with taken picture activities and additionally media content larger the very
Walt disney institution ( new york stock exchange : DIS ) has become the latest particular target regarding crimin RaymondRessy ( 2017-12-07 03:29:33 )
1 million subsequently , after working with small which can multi dip price tag for the mother 's day an information how you would like it .
for any moment 's notice and not enough available time to complete the experience at the moment ?
ones me BrianBoT ( 2017-11-11 01:03:30 )
asking about decision some questions
We endeavor to build the particular result as connection with individuals , most of us need to learn more of what another person feel as well thinking , wishing for but going .
accomplish this ,
We must use questions th DarylGob ( 2017-11-06 19:05:31 )
﻿ Vidmate is probably the greatest best practical application relatively contacted before many individuals universal .
regarding application allows complete activity for any user at each case of you whether in a saddest mood or the mood of total dejection avattixSityfish88 ( 2017-03-11 21:52:02 )
< p> The final measure that is taken to avoid web 2 disaster is to create a designated employee that specializes in the customer experience delivery chain . -
Apply plug ins and already made tools to assist simplify the process .
Share of Call Center Comp avattixSityfish81 ( 2017-03-07 18:53:31 )
< p > Quite a few kids find challenging products very interesting and wish to play with it just because gardening think and use the brain .
Another gross error in poster printing will not be using poster templates .
The last part is known as a series of le avattixSityfish85 ( 2017-02-25 23:00:43 )
< p> The perfect person to help you out is a car vehicle accident lawyer .
It is one of your powerful marketing tools to assist you direct your target clients towards a particular action or patterns .
Ideas Extremely significant ideas that owners must pra avattixSityfish71 ( 2017-02-24 16:05:53 )
< p>Which means that , consult with a renowned law professional concerning things you should and even shouldn ?
t do .
They might want to be told when they can be out of line in addition to punished accordingly .
In accordance with his calculator , by July avattixSityfish87 ( 2017-02-19 04:20:12 )
< p>us MySpace Comments Affordable Internet Advertising Solution Versus Conventional Advertising
Ever since the early 90 ' s , cyberspace has become known like a medium for advertising .
MY GROUP IS Conscientious ; I always do what I 'm sure is avattixSityfish76 ( 2017-02-17 20:05:15 )
< p> The perfect way of communication creates regarding the brain , feet and leg aided by the tap dancing under that supervision of trained dancers at a low priced cost that matches perfectly aided by the budget of learners .
It can be done by moving the Chumehed A ( 2016-07-06 00:27:56 )
3. Cyber Monday promo products are less inclined to go out .
Whatever complexion you might have , you 'll certainly find perfectly matching Mac Cosmetic lipsticks .
Within this process , a lot of then finish up purchasing wrong items that neglect to serve th Chumehed A ( 2016-07-06 00:13:37 )
The only real disadvantage to gel inserts may be the difficulty level .
You can be as creative and crazy with your colors as you like .
Next choose a type of consistency for your skin tone .
Place them all inside a binder which has plastic suppressors to secur Chumehed A ( 2016-07-05 23:14:38 )
Black Friday is called the unofficial begin to the Christmas shopping season .
Within the late 1800s and early twentieth century , It is n't too light nor heavy !
You do not even require a primer before foundation .
Be prepared to be wowed by the new MAC Gui Chumehed A ( 2016-07-05 23:12:12 )
Build the color but ensure that it stays sheer it's much simpler to include greater than to consider everything off .
Within the cold or hot weather my skin look very spotty and uneven .
Despite over two decades experience with using eye liner like a Cons Chumehed A ( 2016-07-05 22:55:38 )
If choosing a mineral foundation , avoid individuals with Mica and Bismuth ( because these elements cause oily skin to appear even greasier ) .
Apply foundation the way : first a small amount of foundation can be applied to the back of the hand on the tiger '
Chumehed A ( 2016-07-05 22:50:24 )
Very gentle on any type of skin , and particularly suitable for oily skin to lessen the look of pores , lines and blemishes .
to prompt people for shopping online of products the moment they return to operate , in the finish of the lengthy weekend that lasts f Chumehed A ( 2016-07-05 21:35:53 )
People have a tendency to become grumpier than normal when they are compelled for some time and are tightly packedI selected a transformation in which the assistant demonstrated me using one , and that i loved the end result .
Some skincare products can be e Chumehed A ( 2016-07-05 21:32:50 )
The heaviness and texture does vary by finish , but for an all - around lightweight yet creamy finish , go for the cremesheen or luster finish .
Rocky Horror Pigment $ 23 : The sparkling burgundy pigment It 's Not Easy Having a Good Time can be worn as a subtl
View all comments
Is The H1N1 Vaccine Safe ?
Shocking Stories From Pregnant Women Who Have Had Miscarriages After Taking The Swine Flu Vaccine
Spread the love
U.S. health authorities have made pregnant women one of the highest priority groups for getting the H1N1 swine flu vaccine , but is it actually safe for pregnant women and their babies ?
Well , the truth is that miscarriage reports from pregnant women who have taken the H1N1 swine flu vaccine are starting to pour in from all over the nation .
Vaccines and pregnancy simply do not mix safely .
In fact , the package inserts for the swine flu vaccines actually say that the safety of these vaccines for pregnant women has not been established .
What you are about to read below should shock and anger you .
If they are telling us that the swine flu vaccine is not safe for children under 6 months of age , then why in the world would it be safe for pregnant women and their babies ?
That does n’t make an ounce of sense , does it ?
The following H1N1 swine flu vaccine miscarriage horror stories are from a June 2010 birth club …..
EBWashington :
I am so upset .
I was so excited to be pregnant after trying for a year .
As soon as I found out I was pregnant , I joined this birth club and I was due June 25th .
We have two healthy boys with no history of miscarriage .
Everything was going great .
Last Monday , I got the H1N1 vaccine thimerosal reduced ( mercury reduced for pregnant women ) .
On Tuesday morning , I started cramping and on Wednesday I started bleeding heavily .
My hcg was 50 on Wednesday and I was almost 6 weeks along so it was low .
They still thought that I might be pregnant but on Friday my hcg was down to 22 .
I am an emotional wreck .
I feel like I had a healthy baby and I caused this by getting the H1N1 vaccine .
My doctors pushed it .
I researched online and there have been many miscarriages after the H1N1 vaccine but they have n’t been reported since it is hard to say what caused the miscarriages .
I hope that I did not cause this .
I wish everyone the best .
Tayla08
I do n’t have an answer for you , but a friend of a friend just had a miscarriage 2 - 3 days after getting the shot .
She was 7 weeks .
She had no previous history of m / c …
No one can answer if they ’re related … it has n’t been out long enough and there have n’t been any studies done on pregnant women .
I will tell you , that it has made up my mind on getting it … I wo n’t and I ’m not going to get it for my DD either .
My daughter and I both had H1N1 last week , and although it truly sucks … I think I ’ll take my chances .
One doctor will tell you to get it and the next will tell you not too … you have to do what ’s in your heart .
90707
my heart goes out to you as i recently miscarried as well and was due in june .
i had a healthy heart beat at 6 wks .
then at 7.5 wks my son got the h1n1 mist vaccine which has live vaccine in it .
the nurse said to be careful b/c it could technically spread if he rubbed his nose and touched a surface etc .
the next night i miscarried and 5 days later was diagnosed with h1n1 .
i work from home , kids are home , hadnt been anywhere during that time .
so the chances that it is all related are very high .
the flu mist vaccine warns for immunocompromised patients ( which includes prego ) to stay away from recipients of the flu mist for 21 days .
This next set of H1N1 swine flu vaccine miscarriage horror stories is from an About.com page about miscarriage …..
Jo :https://web.archive.org/web/20120114014630/http://miscarriage.about.com/b/2009/09/29/some-pregnant-women-fearful-of-h1n1-vaccine.htm#gB3
I got the flu vaccine ( regular not H1N1 ) at 8 weeks pregnant .
Three days later I miscarried .
I am not going to get the H1N1 .
Regrets :
I got both vaccines on Thursday .
I was 9 weeks pregnant .
I miscarried on Sunday .
I was told by several doctors to get these vaccines .
Now I wish I followed my gut feeling and not get them at ALL !
:
i work in a hospital like setting and was told ‘ the benefits outweigh the risks ” 1 am i got the vaccine , 3 am i started bleeding and craming , 3 pm miscarried .
you decide
sue :
I had the H1N1 vaccination and 24 hours later had a miscarriage .
Linda Hill :
My daughter in law was 10 weeks pregnant and had the H1N1 vaccine on Friday that night she miscarried .
SoSorry :
I was so ready to get the H1N1 vaccine last week and they were only giving them to pregnant women .
I was 6 weeks along and got it and the next day I started cramping and miscarried .
I already had two healthy pregnancies and never miscarried or had any problems .
My doctors think I am crazy to think it was the H1N1 but if no one looks into this than other women will not know .
I am so sorry that I got it .
Connie :
I also received the H1N1 vaccination on October 22nd , 2009 and went into labor on October 25th , at 16 weeks pregnant and we just heard the heartbeat and everything was fine with my pregnancy on October 16th , 2009 , then on October 28th my water broke then on October 29th , I delivered a stillborn baby boy , and no one can tell me why …Everyone wants to say it did not come from the shot but I believe it did .
My baby was growing at the correct pace and everyone wants to brush off the vaccination .
I say if you have the vaccination and suffer a miscarriage if they are able to perform an autopsy have it done .
I also agree something needs to be done and looked more into with this vaccination because most women are being advised it ’s just something that happens , but I also had two healthy children normal pregnancies and when I received this vaccination with my third pregnancy , my baby is gone .
sioux falls , south dakota :
I received the H1N1 vaccine on October 16th and started experiencing cramping on the 22nd .
I was nearly 17 weeks pregnant and gave birth to a stillborn baby boy on the 23rd .
Like many of the other women here , the first thing I suspected was the H1N1 vaccine .
I immediately asked a nurse at the hospital if that would have anything to do with it .
Without hesitation , she told me “ absolutely not . ”
I had reservations about getting the vaccine , but followed the advice of my long trusted family doctor .
In a follow up appointment with my doctor 3 days after I lost my baby , I asked him if the vaccine would have had any adverse effects on my baby .
He also said that it was not possible .
I do n’t believe that my doctor was necessarily lying to me , he was simply following the accepted practices and opinions of his field .
I do , however , believe that as a nation , we are being lied to .
This vaccine is NOT safe during pregnancy .
There has not been enough testing done to determine this and there are far too many “ coincidences ” for this to be anything but a result of a vaccine that was hastily pushed into production and distribution in an effort to stop widespread panic .
I have read so many stories in defense of the vaccine that will talk about how common miscarriages are , but I would challenge you to ask ANY health care professional how common second trimester miscarriages are .
My baby was doing perfect developmentally and I had felt him move earlier that day .
My heart goes out to all of you out there who have had to go through the same heartache and loss that I have had in the last couple of weeks .
There is no reason that any woman or family should have to go through this .
Get the word out to all of the pregnant women that you know .
I know that if I had heard that women had been losing their babies shortly after they received the vaccine , I would have followed my gut and not gotten it myself .
Maybe then Wyatt would have had a chance at life .
Marina Rossi :
I recently got the H1N1 vaccine and miscarried 3 days later .
I thought it could have been the vaccine but didnt ask .
After finding this site I believe it was the vaccine .
Sorry to everyone else out there who has just experienced a miscarriage .
kathy -sd :
I ’m from a town of 2000 in SD , there are several women pregnant and we are all due within a few weeks of each other .
Four of us got the H1N1 vaccine 2 weeks ago and one by one each of us started to have preterm contractions .
We are all due in Nov and Dec so we are further along than most of the people that lost their babies .
There is no way you can tell us that our preterm labor was not caused by the H1N1 vaccine .
It may look like a “ fluke ” to some people when these women are scattered all over the country but we are talking about 4 of us in our small community .
My heart goes out to all of you that lost your babies .
ashley :
Im not sure but not only myself , i know someone that withing 4 days of getting the shot we both miscarried , i was only 6 weeks and she was 4 months along , not sure if the shot caused it and cant find any other information but i am a little concerned about this coincidence .
Time Machine :
I got a flu shot in pregnancy , developed incredibly strange symptoms immediately ( numb hands , feet and mouth , heart palpitations , sudden weakness in my legs , a bright red face ) , began bleeding and miscarried by 11 weeks .
I had no idea there was mercury in most flu shots but once I found out after the fact , I was assured that I ’d had the “ mercury free ” form .
As it turned out , the shot was n’t completely mercury free and , according to the EPA website , it still had 5,000 times the limit for mercury in drinking water– not to mention a list of other toxins ( MSG , formaldehyde , etc. ) .
I ’d had no idea the shots were so dirty .
I guess I ’d been under the impression they were something like sterile water and a dead virus , that ’s it .
The strange symptoms – which I ’d been told were “ just pregnancy ” lasted six months .
No one could figure out what was wrong with me , why I could n’t make stairs , why I felt like I ’d been shot with novocaine .
I learned later from a book by Jane Hightower that these were all symptoms of mercury exposure .
I guess I ’m one of those susceptible people .
No one in my family is getting the H1N1 – no one even gets regular flu shots anymore , we all read labels .
If you are a pregnant mother , please do not take the H1N1 swine flu vaccine .
Instead , do everything that you can do to avoid public places and make sure to wash your hands more than you usually would .
Take extra large doses of immunity building vitamins and research many of the great natural ways for fighting the flu that are out there on the Internet .
The truth is that if you do take the vaccine and then something happens , you will NOT be able to sue anyone ( thanks to Congress ) .
You will have to bear all the responsibility yourself .
That doctor who kept pushing and pushing it on you will tell you that it could not have been the vaccine and that you probably would have miscarried anyway .
Do you honestly want to inject a vaccine that may contain mercury , formaldehyde , polysorbate 80 ( associated with infertility ) , triton X100 ( a strong detergent ) , phenoxyethanol ( antifreeze ) and a whole bunch of other toxic ingredients into your system when you know that your baby will absorb it too and has no defenses against most of these things ?
The reality is that if you are pregnant , you need to hear what both sides have to say before ever subjecting your baby to the swine flu vaccine .
You do NOT want to end up like one of the mothers above .
Please help us out by sharing this information with as many people as you can .
If you know of any additional H1N1 swine flu vaccine miscarriage horror stories please post them below in the comments section .
*** UPDATE : More Stories From Our Own Readers ***
AlinafromOz :
I had the normal Flu shot , and i had a misscarriage at 8wks … they told me it wasnt related pfftt yeah right and now no way in hell i would get a barely tested H1N1 vaccine ..
Kayte :
My husband ’s pregnant coworker ( 5 months along ) called her doctor on the day they were giving the regular flu shots at work .
He said she should get it .
She did , and lost her baby the next week .
This enrages and sickens me that the medical industry is pushing these shots on pregnant women and children , especially the new , little - tested , experimental H1N1 vaccine !
Kevin :
I work with someone who was 4 months pregnant .
Her husband got swine flu , so both she and her son got the vaccine “ just to be safe . ”
A week later , she had a miscarriage .
Any supposed benefits from the vaccine are clearly outweighed by the tremendous risks .
JK :
I was in support of vaccines and was comfortable with the fact that there is a national database that records “ all ” vaccine reactions so they can see trends and such – which is the info I got from my doctor .
Then , my daughter had a reaction to a vaccine at 18 months old .
It was horrifying to watch her body swell for three days and not be able to do anything ( Benadryl slowed the swelling , but could n’t reverse it until three days had passed ) .
I knew there were risks to vaccines , but it had seemed that the benefits outweighed the risks .
I could have accepted that .
I was not prepared for the reaction of the medical community .
My doctor ’s office refused to admit it was a reaction – even while she was swelling !
They were concerned about the swelling , asked me if I knew how it started , then , when I mentioned that I suspected the vaccine they sent me home and said I was imagining things .
A few hours later she had to go to the ER .
Later I took her to an allergist who confirmed that it was a reaction .
He told me that a lot of people react to the 3rd DTaP shot – even if they ’ve been fine before .
Still , he encouraged me to continue getting all the shots except for the last DTaP .
No one ever reported any of this to the national database .
My pediatrician pressured me to get more shots for my kids , but I refused .
I ’ve recently found out my kids ’ medical records falsely state that my kids DID get additional vaccines .
My daughter had been ahead on speech milestones at the time of the reaction , from that date ( October ) to the following July , she only learned 8 new words , and her language development froze .
We ’ve done three years of therapy now and she is in special ed .
Lynn :
My heart goes out to all who have suffered horrific events due to these vaccines .
I have a beautiful 2 and 1 /2 year old daughter who was born a month premature , at the time , all the health care practitioners involved in our lives strongly were pushing that she receive all the ‘ necessary ’ vaccines … .
My mothers heart and gut reaction strongly said “ no ” but being a first time mom and feeling the pressures of our health care advisors I agreed to having her first set of shots done .
Days later she developed a horrible ‘ chest cold ’ which never really cleared … she would have good days only to relapse into endless nights of trying to clear her little chest and holding her while she cried .
Of corse ….. none of this was vaccine related .
Then came time for her second set of shots … oh boy ….
the stomach aches began … but our health unit would not stop calling until I made an appointment to bring her in , so , I did ….
only agreeing to a select few of the vaccinations , resulting in more congestion toped with ear infections and many bouts of anti biotics .
Her condition quickly spiraled downward into 2 am visits to the hospital for a Ventilator because her chest was so tight each breath was a huge effort .
Each doctor who saw her assured me that this was more common than I thought and that she would likely ‘ grow out of it ’ .
Needless to say I will never let another vaccination needle touch her little body again .
Weather our health system wants to admit it was related or not I cant help but believe that it was .
Other than being small she was 100 % healthy at birth and remained that way for 3 months ….
until her first set of shots .
For many more testimonies from average people who have had their lives absolutely wrecked by the H1N1 vaccine , check out our new article entitled “ 70 Heartbreaking Stories From People Who Have Had Their Lives Destroyed By H1N1 Swine Flu Vaccine Side Effects ” and please help get it out to as many people as possible .
The truth is that the more these stories are shared , the more people will wake up and do their own research before subjecting themselves and their children to these shots .
For the absolute latest on adverse H1N1 swine flu reactions , the rapidly developing mystery flu situation in Ukraine and all the other hottest breaking news , please visit and bookmark our new daily news site : The Most Important News .
If you have an H1N1 swine flu vaccine story that you would like to share , we would encourage you to visit our brand new site on this issue : Vaccine Side Effects .
You may have noticed – you could hardly miss it – the blizzard of anniversary stories last month about the fall of Lehman Brothers , an event that helped spark last year 's financial meltdown .
The coverage reminded me that journalists failed to do their jobs before last year 's crisis emerged , and have continued to fail since then .
It also reminds me of a few pet peeves about the way traditional journalists operate .
So here 's a list of 22 things , not in any particular order , that I 'd insist upon if I ran a news organization .
1 . We would not run anniversary stories and commentary , except in the rarest of circumstances .
They are a refuge for lazy and unimaginative journalists .
2 . We would invite our audience to participate in the journalism process , in a variety of ways that included crowdsourcing , audience blogging , wikis and many other techniques .
We 'd make it clear that we 're not looking for free labour – and will work to create a system that rewards contributors beyond a pat on the back – but want above all to promote a multi- directional flow of news and information in which the audience plays a vital role .
3. Transparency would be a core element of our journalism .
One example of many : every print article would have an accompanying box called " Things We Don't Know , " a list of questions our journalists could n't answer in their reporting .
TV and radio stories would mention the key unknowns .
Whatever the medium , the organisation 's website would include an invitation to the audience to help fill in the holes , which exist in every story .
4 . We would create a service to notify online readers , should they choose to sign up for it , of errors we 've learned about in our journalism .
Users of this service could choose to be notified of major errors only ( in our judgment ) or all errors , however insignificant we may believe them to be .
5 . We 'd make conversation an essential element of our mission .
Among other things :
- If we were a local newspaper , the editorial pages would publish the best of , and be a guide to , conversation the community was having with itself online and in other public forums , whether hosted by the news organization or someone else .
- Editorials would appear in blog format , as would letters to the editor .
- We would encourage comments and forums , but in moderated spaces that encouraged the use of real names and insisted on ( and enforced ) civility .
- Comments from people using verified real names would be listed first .
6 . We would refuse to do stenography and call it journalism .
If one faction or party to a dispute is lying , we would say so , with the accompanying evidence .
If we learned that a significant number of people in our community believed a lie about an important person or issue , we would make it part of an ongoing mission to help them understand the truth .
7 . We would replace PR - speak and certain Orwellian words and expressions with more neutral , precise language .
If someone we interview misused language , we would paraphrase instead of using direct quotations .
( Examples , among many others :
The activity that takes place in casinos is gambling , not gaming .
There is no death tax , there can be inheritance or estate tax .
Piracy does not describe what people do when they post digital music on file - sharing networks . )
8 . We would embrace the hyperlink in every possible way .
Our website would include the most comprehensive possible listing of other media in our community , whether we were a community of geography or interest .
We 'd link to all relevant blogs , photo - streams , video channels , database services and other material we could find , and use our editorial judgement to highlight the ones we consider best for the members of the community .
And we 'd liberally link from our journalism to other work and source material relevant to what we 're discussing , recognising that we are not oracles but guides .
9 . Our archives would be freely available , with links on every single thing we 've published as far back as possible , with application interfaces ( APIs ) to help other people use our journalism in ways we have n't considered ourselves .
10 .
We would help people in the community become informed users of media , not passive consumers – to understand why and how they can do this .
We would work with schools and other institutions that recognise the necessity of critical thinking .
11 . We would never publish lists of ten .
They 're a prop for lazy and unimaginative people .
12 . Except in the most dire of circumstances – such as a threat to a whistleblower 's life , liberty or livelihood – we would not quote or paraphrase unnamed sources in any of our journalism .
If we did , we would need persuasive evidence from the source as to why we should break this rule , and we 'd explain why in our coverage .
Moreover , when we did grant anonymity , we'd offer our audience the following guidance :
We believe this is one of the rare times when anonymity is justified , but we urge you to exercise appropriate skepticism .
13 .
If we granted anonymity and learned that the unnamed source had lied to us , we would consider the confidentially agreement to have been breached by that person , and would expose his or her duplicity , and identity .
Sources would know of this policy before we published .
We 'd further look for examples where our competitors have been tricked by sources they did n't name , and then do our best to expose them , too .
14 .
The word " must " – as in " The president must do this or that " – would be banned from editorials or other commentary from our own journalists , and we 'd strongly discourage it from contributors .
It is a hollow verb and only emphasizes powerlessness .
If we wanted someone to do something , we'd try persuasion instead , explaining why it 's a good idea and what the consequences will be if the advice is ignored .
15 . We 'd routinely point to our competitors ' work , including ( and maybe especially ) the best of the new entrants , such as bloggers who cover specific niche subjects .
When we 'd covered the same topic , we 'd link to them so our audience can gain wider perspectives .
We 'd also talk about , and point to , competitors when they covered things we missed or ignored .
16 . Beyond routinely pointing to competitors , we would make a special effort to cover and follow up on their most important work , instead of the common practice today of pretending it did n't exist .
Basic rule : the more we wish we 'd done the journalism ourselves , the more prominent the exposure we'd give the other folks ' work .
This would have at least two beneficial effects .
First , we'd help persuade our community of an issue 's importance .
Second , we'd help people understand the value of solid journalism , no matter who did it .
17 .
The more we believed an issue was of importance to our community , the more relentlessly we 'd stay on top of it ourselves .
If we concluded that continuing down a current policy path was a danger , we 'd actively campaign to persuade people to change course .
This would have meant , for example , loud and persistent warnings about the danger of the blatantly obvious housing / financial bubble that inflated during this decade .
18 . For any person or topic we covered regularly , we would provide a " baseline " : an article or video where people could start if they were new to the topic , and point prominently to that " start here " piece from any new coverage .
We might use a modified Wikipedia approach to keep the article current with the most important updates .
The point would be context , giving some people a way to get quickly up to speed and others a way to recall the context of the issue .
19 .
For any coverage where it made sense , we 'd tell our audience members how they could act on the information we 'd just given them .
This would typically take the form of a " What You Can Do " box or pointer .
20 .
We 'd work in every possible way to help our audience know who 's behind the words and actions .
People and institutions frequently try to influence the rest of us in ways that hide their participation in the debate , and we'd do our best to reveal who 's spending money and pulling strings .
When our competitors declined to reveal such things , or failed to ask obvious questions of their sources , we 'd talk about their journalistic failures in our own coverage of the issues .
21 . Assess risks honestly .
Journalists constantly use anecdotal evidence in ways that frighten the public into believing this or that problem is larger than it actually is .
As a result , people have almost no idea what are statistically more risky behaviours or situations .
And lawmakers , responding to media - fed public fears , often pass laws that do much more aggregate harm than good .
We would make it a habit not to extrapolate a wider threat from weird or tragic anecdotes ; frequently discuss the major risks we face and compare them statistically to the minor ones ; and debunk the most egregious examples of horror stories that spark unnecessary fear or even panic .
22 . No opinion pieces or commentary from major politicians or company executives .
OK , this is a minor item .
But these folks almost never actually write what appears under their bylines .
We 're being just as dishonest as they are by using this stuff .
If they want to pitch a policy , they should post it on their own web pages , and we 'll be happy to point to it .
Earlier versions of this article appeared on Mediactive .
It is published under a Creative Commons attribution - noncommercial - share alike 3.0 ( US ) license
Latest Posts
Should We Separate the Art From the Artist ?
( NSQ Ep. 20 ) Also : what is the meaning of life ?
Season 10 , Episode 4
The families of U.S. troops killed and wounded in Afghanistan are suing several companies that did reconstruction there .
Why ?
These companies , they say , ...
When Your Safety Becomes My Danger ( Ep. 432 ) The families of U.S. troops killed and wounded in Afghanistan are suing several companies that did reconstruction there .
Why ?
These companies , they say , ...
Jonathan Weisman reports on health care politics .
Just when you thought it was dead , a federally run public option for health care is getting new life in the Senate .
Senate Democratic leaders and Delaware Sen .
Tom Carper are in talks aimed at strengthening the government - run public option that would go into a final health care bill .
Carper has pushed a plan that would allow states to set up their own government - run insurance options , and possibly band together to form regional public options .
But Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , mindful of continuing discontent on the left , wants a federal role in the Carper plan .
The federal government would create its own public option , and states would be allowed to opt out of it if they choose .
That way , the default would be a government - run choice in all 50 states .
Democratic leaders , conservative Democrats and moderate Republicans are in delicate talks , trying to assemble a bill that could go to the Senate floor with at least 60 votes in favor .
Democrats would trim the bill ’s cost , and cut back on some of the tax increases in the measure set for a final vote in the Senate Finance Committee on Tuesday .
The value of “ Cadillac ” insurance plans subject to taxation would be raised , largely to please unions that have negotiated for strong health care coverage .
The tax on medical devices could also be weakened to please Sen.
Olympia Snowe of Maine , the Republican most likely to vote for the bill …
Roorky is a new startup that has created a new file format and software for interactive books .
As part of the default installation of the software , they are bundling A Byte of Python free with the software .
What is interesting is that this may help complete beginners who stumble in getting started with IDLE , etc .
The most common email that I get asked is when people run python abc.py on the IDLE interpreter prompt and wonder why it is not working – both the concepts of two command lines as well as the concept of running a program is not grokked well by beginners who are getting started , especially people who are self - taught .
From that perspective , this is an interesting approach to the problem .
I am still not convinced about this approach because people cannot bypass the learning of how to edit , compile and run the code in the native environment , because that will be needed when writing new programs .
It will be interesting how the two opposing needs will be balanced .
But I hope beginners will try it out and see if it helps them get started .
A full size video of a walkthrough of the software is available at the Roorky website .
Note :
Be warned that it is a beta software .
The publisher of World Net Daily , Joseph Farah , is openly calling for theocratic totalitarianism in the United States , in an almost unbelievable article that says the US government should enforce Biblical law or God will destroy us — and once again , it all boils down to a reeking puddle of homophobic bigotry in an article called “ Why sin can not be condoned by state ” [ sic ] :
America is being judged by God .
The biblical proof text is Romans 1 .
I am not stating the obvious here – that individuals will be judged for their behavior in the afterlife .
What I am saying is we are already being judged in the here and now for rejecting God and one of those judgments is the explosion of homosexuality in our culture and the absolute explosion in the number of people accepting it , condoning it and even rejoicing in it .
Whether you are a believer or not , this affects you .
It shapes the world in which you and your children live .
If you think your society is depraved now , you have seen nothing yet .
There ’s plenty of empirical evidence to prove it even to the most skeptical observer .
When societies accept , condone and embrace sin , they are judged .
A Colombian computer maker has designed a netbook that aims to provide the performance of a standard laptop at a lower price .
Haleron combined two of Intel 's Atom processors in its new netbook , which it says provides better performance than existing models .
Most netbooks today use a single Atom chip .
[ Can a netbook serve as your primary PC ?
When does a netbook stop being a netbook ?
|
Read more about the shape of the coming netbook revolution .
|
What netbooks should your business consider ?
The InfoWorld Test Center uncovers the best netbooks for business . ]
The Swordfish Net N102 includes two Atom N270 processors running at 1.6GHz .
It is designed to provide the power of a standard laptop at a price most Latin Americans can afford , the company wrote on its Web site .
" The standard notebook or laptop computer , although an industry standard around the world , was out of reach for many Latin Americans , " the company said .
A netbook with a single Atom chip " just could not support the multitasking needs of students and professionals , " it said .
So it set out to build its own .
It modified Intel 's 945 chipset to run the two processors , which took it about six months .
The processors divide the workload , much like a dual - core processor does , the company said .
But running two processors took its toll on the netbook 's battery life .
A three - cell battery provides only two - and - a - half hours of run time , so the company offers an additional six - cell battery that adds up to four - and - a - half hours of use .
" We have developed what we feel is the best solution for a load sharing dual Atom processor netbook , " the company said .
The netbook is priced at $ 449 , and the optional six - cell battery adds another $ 29 .
It comes with 2GB of RAM and a 160 GB hard drive .
It also includes a Web cam , a 4 - in - 1 card reader and built - in WCDMA ( Wideband Code Division Multiple Access ) 3G broadband module and 802.11b/ g wireless networking .
The netbook comes with Windows XP Home Edition .
" We found that it works best on the Windows XP operating system .
Both Windows Vista and the new Windows 7 performed below Windows XP in the load sharing department , " the company said .
The laptop is available on the company 's Web site .
Experts warn that universities ' e-mail systems are vulnerable to attacks
The e-mail system of one of the world 's leading climate research units has been breached by hackers .
E-mails reportedly from the University of East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) , including personal exchanges , appeared on the internet on Thursday .
A university spokesman confirmed the email system had been hacked and that information was taken and published without permission .
An investigation was underway and the police had been informed , he added .
" We are aware that information from a server used for research information in one area of the university has been made available on public websites , " the spokesman stated .
" Because of the volume of this information we cannot currently confirm that all of this material is genuine .
" This information has been obtained and published without our permission and we took immediate action to remove the server in question from operation .
" We are undertaking a thorough internal investigation and we have involved the police in this enquiry . "
Researchers at CRU , one of the world 's leading research bodies on natural and human - induced climate change , played a key role in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's ( IPCC ) Fourth Assessment Report , which is considered to be the most authoritative report of its kind .
' Inside information ' Graham Cluley , a computer security expert , suggested that December 's key climate summit in Copenhagen , which has made headlines around the world , could have increased the university 's profile as a possible target among hackers .
" There are passionate opinions on both sides of the climate debate and there will be people trying to knock down the other side , " Mr Cluley , senior technology consultant for Sophos , told BBC News .
" If they feel that they can gather inside information on what the other side is up to , then they may feel that is ammunition for their counterargument . "
Mr Cluley added that universities were vulnerable to attacks by hackers because so many people required access to IT systems .
" You do need proper security in place ; you need to be careful regarding communications and make sure your systems are secure .
" I trust that they will now be looking at the systems , and investigating how this happened and ensuring that something like this does not happen again . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yep , two votes .
That was the net margin of the final vote : 220-215 .
Remember , you need 218 votes to pass .
Without the two " Yea " votes of Owens and Garamendi , the lone Republican vote from Joseph Cao likely does n't happen .
This bill would not have passed without the votes of Bill Owens and John Garamendi , the two newest members of Congress .
Without them , the " Yeas " drop to 217 .
Defeat .
Newly elected Representative Bill Owens beat DeDe Scozzafava , who recently lamented , " What ’s The Hurry to Change Health Care ? " .
Though Scozzafava was attacked by rightwing loonies as being too " liberal " , I 'm pretty sure we could put her down as a NO .
John Garamendi won California 's 10th District , defeating David Harmer , a bland , generic GOP sort , judging from his webpage .
But he had all the " right " endorsements , so we can pretty safely put him down as a NO .
Okay , I 'll concede , we can't ever be sure that it was Owens and Garemendi who put it over the top .
Too many variables , and too many Representatives wait until the last second to cast safe votes , once they 're sure of the outcome .
Whatever .
Are n't you glad the Democrats had those two votes tonight ?
Are n't you glad the Teabaggers went apeshit and forced a winning GOP candidate from the race in NY - 23 ?
Thanks , nutjobs !
You just passed healthcare reform .
We can't ever thank you enough .
I 'm currently pretty pleased with Tuesday 's election results .
How about you ?
Added :
Take this diary as symbolic more than literal if you must .
As many commentors have pointed out , there are too many hypotheticals in the process to ever state with certainty what would have happened without Owens ' and Garamendi 's votes .
But ... you 're still pretty glad we had their votes , are n't you ?
This graphic shows the distribution of microbes across the human body .
For each region of the body , a pie chart shows the microbial community living there .
The subdivisions of these populations are shown by the inner pie charts .
Each colour corresponds to one of the forty microbial groups found in the bodies sampled .
a full version here ( pdf ) ( Image : Elizabeth K. Costello )
Your body is home to 10 times as many microbes as its own cells .
But they can be quite picky about where they will settle – and what other bacteria they ’ll share fences with .
That ’s the conclusion of the most comprehensive map ever of the microbial communities flourishing in the human body .
In addition , some unlikely - sounding parts of the body – such as the back of the knee and the index finger – have far more microbial diversity than the gut .
Advertisement
Human cultures
Elizabeth Costello at the University of Colorado in Boulder and her colleagues swabbed 18 sites on eight humans four times over the course of four months .
The team wanted to find out what shapes bacterial communities across the body .
Previously , it was unclear how important the specific location on the body was for encouraging bacteria compared with , for instance , variation between people or the progression of time .
“ We did n’t know whether it was because of differences in skin chemistry or whether it was simply because those microbes had been in the right place at the right time , ” says Rob Knight , a co-author at the university .
To investigate , the team disinfected “ plots ” on the foreheads and left forearms of volunteers , wiping out the indigenous microbial communities .
The plots were then inoculated with communities transplanted from a different part of the body .
They found that microbial communities transplanted from the tongue to the forearm thrived , whereas those shifted from the tongue to the forehead faltered and developed to resemble the community they had replaced .
This suggests that skin chemistry exerts a much stronger control over community growth on oily skin , like that of the forehead , than it does on dry parts like the forearm .
Oily skin tends to have less diverse communities and resists to foreign microbes more than other areas , says Knight .
“ Message : if you ’re a microbe hoping to invade a new bit of skin , the forehead is not a great place to start . ”
Same difference
The team found that the microbes lurking on the forearm , palm , index finger , back of the knee and sole of the foot were often more diverse than those in the gut , “ traditionally considered to be very diverse ” , says David Relman , who researches human microbial ecology at Stanford University in California but was not involved in the research .
The similarity of certain microbial communities between individuals was also striking , says Relman .
“ This study suggests that your mouth is more like my mouth than it is like your armpit , in terms of its microbial composition . ”
Still , unusual similarities within the body did emerge .
The composition of microbial communities that exist in our navels is the same as those on the backs of our knees .
Our armpits and the soles of feet also share a similar biota , composed mainly of Staphylococcus .
Some 22 phyla of microbes call the human home , although just four – Actinobacteria , Firmicutes , Proteobacteria and Bacteroidetes – dominate .
Target treatment
The study has implications for the prevention and treatment of disease , says Knight .
For example , it suggests that the flow of microbes around the bodies of people with HIV may be more complex than previously thought .
It also raises the possibility of engineering microbial communities to provide treatments to parts of the body that are easy for them to invade .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1177486
Tags
Some Harvard professors are taking very seriously their " intellectual property rights " and have claimed copyright to the ideas that they spread in their classrooms .
What prompted this was a website in which students posted their notes to help other students .
The professors have cracked down .
It might have been enough to legislate against this behavior in particular .
Instead , they wrapped their objection in the great fallacy of our age : the professor owns his ideas and they may not be spread without his permission .
This action has opened up a can of worms , and now other universities have taken up the puzzling question : how do you at once enforce intellectual property and uphold the ideal of a university , which is , after all , about teaching and spreading ideas to others ?
The problem is a serious one that highlights the absurdity of the notion that an idea — infinitely reproducible and thereby not scarce , and also taught with the overt purpose of gaining adherents among students — can be somehow contained and restrained once it is unleashed .
The only way to retain exclusive possession of an idea is never to share it with anyone .
But of course that not only cuts against the grain of teaching ; it is contrary to the human impulse for bouncing ideas off others and still claiming some credit for innovation .
There are two possible ways out of this problem in a digital age : open source or IP .
The open - source model has been adopted by MIT , on the one hand , which has made its entire curriculum open source and freely available online .
This is a fairly straightforward approach , which finally gets down to the reality that what MIT is charging for is not so much the education but the degree itself .
Clarity at last .
Another approach is the one taken by Harvard and , most explicitly , by the University of Texas , which has suggested that professors make the following contract with students :
My lectures are protected by state common law and federal copyright law .
They are my own original expression and I record them at the same time that I deliver them in order to secure protection .
Whereas you are authorized to take notes in class thereby creating a derivative work from my lecture , the authorization extends only to making one set of notes for your own personal use and no other use .
You are not authorized to record my lectures , to provide your notes to anyone else or to make any commercial use of them without express prior permission from me .
You can make " no other use " of what you learn ?
Really ?
That sort of smashes the whole point of education , does n't it ?
The goal of the university is to spread knowledge , not to grant a one - time use for what you learn in the classroom .
The aim of an individual student is to gain knowledge that is used in every possible way for a lifetime — and to pass the ideas on to others .
In fact , what the contract requires is impossible .
It is not as if our bodies are equipped with hard drives that can be wiped clean after the semester is over .
In any case , even if we were so equipped , that would defeat the whole point of taking classes and paying universities for offering them .
I do n't find this struggle ridiculous in the slightest .
Once you posit the ownership of ideas already made public , this problem becomes inevitable .
Of course the institution of teaching has been around since the ancient world , and yet this issue has never really presented itself before .
But since the publishing mercantilists first asserted that property rights could be applied to ideas , the problem of what to do about teaching has been waiting in the wings .
The advent of digital media forces the issue , because ideas , once stated , can spread globally in an instant .
I 'm further struck by this problem in light of a fantastic new book on Ayn Rand called Goddess of the Market , by Jennifer Burns .
The author is n't quite zeroed in on this issue as such , but she provides enough information to document the fact that for Rand the issue of her intellectual property became increasingly important throughout her life .
She documents how Rand 's royalties from her work Night of January 16th gave her the first taste of financial independence , and how she later came to believe that she had not received enough .
With each successive negotiation for book royalties and film rights , her terms became ever higher and ever more strict .
Now , in a free market , there is nothing wrong with an upfront payment for first - run rights to a book or movie .
It is by being first past the post that profits are made .
This was how artists were paid in the Renaissance : not through royalties , as if the artists owns the image or work , but through a payment that comes with granting some third party the opportunity to be the first to reveal the work .
In the 19th century , for example , British authors would sell their manuscripts to American publishers , who could not copyright the work ( there was no such thing as international copyright in those days ) .
It turned out that the authors made more money through this means of payment than through royalties in their own country .
So on this score , Rand had perfectly sound instincts ( a person should charge as much as he or she can for first run ) but Rand 's rationale was rooted in this modern notion of intellectual property , a theory , shared by nearly all her contemporaries , on which she was never once challenged .
In fact , to a great extent , her philosophy exalted the role and rights of the creator more than any , probably , in the history of ideas .
This is a great contribution , but she took the notion too far — for Rand , intellectual rights trumped real rights .
This comes through not only in her writings ( The Fountainhead can be given a property - rights spin but ultimately it is about intellectual rights ) but also in her personal relationships .
Here , property in her ideas became a source of conflict with friends such as Isabel Paterson , with whom Rand was friends for many years .
Tensions entered into the friendship when Rand accused Paterson of taking her ideas in the writing of God of the Machine .
Paterson responded that Rand 's contribution to the ideas in this book was minimal .
They wrote back and forth and argued over specific instances of who said what to whom .
They sorted through events in their associations , attempting to reconstruct them and divvy the ideas .
In truth , what had happened to Rand and Paterson is called a " conversation . "
One person says something , and another elaborates , which prompts new thoughts , new directions , new comments — a consensus — which then gets interrupted by new thoughts , points of departure , new elaborations , a new consensus , and so on .
And if you know how Rand was , staying up all night in these detailed discussions of theory , you know that it would be simply impossible to sort out who owned what .
You can try this yourself with a friend .
Talk for 15 minutes and then attempt to draw an ownership map of ideas .
See if you can come to a consensus .
Then see what the attempt does to your friendship .
Reading through the history of Rand 's relationships with people , we find that this dynamic was pervasive — again , I 'm not saying this as accusation but merely observing that it as an extension of her theory concerning the ownership of ideas .
This is particularly a problem for a theory of life that exalts independent thinking and creativity .
What if the idea that one should be independent and creative itself actually came from someone else ?
One must constantly acknowledge one 's debts .
And , moreover , one should be cautious about remixing the ideas , lest the property right in the idea of being creative be stained and marred .
Marrying the idea of intellectual property to the notion of being independent generates extreme dependence and mandatory intellectual compliance .
The famed role of Nathaniel Branden in the Rand circle was to be not only a teacher of her theories but also an enforcer of Rand 's intellectual property rights , which involved excluding people as much as it did including people .
He was caught on the horns of a dilemma in many ways .
On the one hand , he was seeking followers for Rand 's ideas .
On the other hand , he wanted to protect her ideas from being stolen ( he probably wanted to maintain his own monopolistic possession of them ) .
What kind of person , then , are you willing to tolerate as part of the inner circle ?
It would have to be a person who would repeat the ideas of Rand exactly , without alteration , and constantly cite Rand for her innovation — and assert her right to the idea .
Taken far enough , one can imagine the result : a drone army of people who footnoted nearly every phrase coming out of their mouths .
It was in the pursuit of intellectual property that Nathaniel intervened in Objectivist clubs to prevent them from using the word Objectivist , to prevent them from using quotes from John Galt , to prevent them even from advertising lectures on the topic by students of her ideas .
As Burns demonstrates — but without clarity of causal explanation — the movement for Rand 's ideas only really took off after Nathaniel Branden had been cast out of the inner circle .
The monopoly on her ideas was no longer possible to maintain .
They were set free ( not fully open source , but at least far less restricted ) , and thereby flourished .
Rand was not entirely happy about this transition .
Her impression was not entirely invalid that people were " robbing " her of her thoughts : Rand was having a huge influence .
Like the professors discussed above , however , she turned away from an open - source model and into IP enforcement .
Of the Libertarian Party , for example , she wrote , " it 's a bad sign for an allegedly pro-capitalist party to start by stealing ideas . "
But this raises the question , Would it have been better had the libertarians not been influenced by Rand ?
From her perspective , yes : it is even worse when ideas are stolen and then mixed with ideas with which she disagreed .
The rest of the story played out as we might expect .
She ended up feeling robbed and looted by everyone who was influenced by her .
My own reading of her biography is that her belief in the property of her ideas led to her experiencing unnecessary grief .
After all , it did n't have to be this way .
She might have been proud of her role as one of the most influential intellectual forces in the second half of the 20th century .
Lacking a university position and a professorship , she actually managed to make the whole of the English - speaking world her classroom .
But rather than be thrilled at what she had done , she had the opposite reaction , which is exactly what one might expect from a deeply flawed conception of intellectual property .
What Rand went through is precisely what these Harvard professors are going through : deep ambiguity concerning the application of property rights to their thoughts .
Eventually , they will have to come to terms with it : it is the MIT model , retirement from teaching , or a lifetime of bitterness .
The MIT model is the model of the ancient world and every university environment ever since , and it is the only way to deal with a digital society in which every thought becomes globalized upon utterance .
Before she was a year old , Aimee Mullins had both legs amputated below the knee .
Her family doctor said she ’d never learn to walk .
At the age of 19 , she set world records in the 100 - meter dash and long jump .
That was Aimee Mullins the athlete , running on early prototypes of now - commonplace carbon fiber legs .
Since the 1996 Paralympics , she ’s worked as a fashion model , a speaker , and an actress , while making her way into more sports and culture publications than we can count .
Advertisement
But what most bios may miss about Aimee , whom I had the pleasure to meet at TEDMED , is that she ’s more than a jock or some sappy “ never give up ! ! ”
Hallmark greeting card .
Standing between a slender 5 ' 8 " to 6 ' 1 " — depending on her particular mood —
Aimee is that girl you knew in high school who was too pretty and popular for you but never felt it necessary to point these facts out .
( Maybe because she ’s a not - so - closeted geek who rarely misses the opportunity to make reference to sci fi classics like 2001 , Robocop and Terminator — especially when referencing herself . )
Advertisement
It ’s our privilege to have Aimee guest editing this week , exploring where technology has and will take the human body .
If she ’s what it means to be “ disabled , ” then why are the “ able - bodied ” among us so jealous ?
[ image by Howard Schatz ]
This Cyborg Life
This week , we 're celebrating the human body : the ultimate machine , 4 billion years in refinement .
Read more
Aqqaluk Lynge has a recurring nightmare : “ When I ’m lying awake at night , I pray we do n’t find oil . ”
That anxiety puts Lynge , the president of Greenland ’s chapter of the Inuit Circumpolar Council , a group representing indigenous people from Greenland , Canada , Alaska , and Russia , in the distinct minority of his 58,000 fellow islanders , most of whom hope that a huge oil find will ensure the success of Greenland ’s independence from Denmark .
Roughly 76 percent of the voters in a referendum last year wanted greater self - rule ; on June 21 of this year , they got it .
But as part of that self - rule deal , Denmark will end up reducing its annual subsidy to Greenland — about $ 11,000 per person , representing about 60 percent of the island ’s budget .
Hence the high hopes for oil revenue .
Some estimates , including those of the U.S. Geological Survey , suggest Greenland ’s coastal waters could hold anywhere from 16 billion to 47 billion barrels of oil , or 800,000 barrels for every man , woman , and child .
That would mean a staggering leap in income for Greenlanders , who until two generations ago were mostly subsistence hunters and fishermen .
With such massive potential oil reserves , Greenland is poised to achieve a geopolitical importance it has n’t had since the invention of Risk .
“ We do n’t want Greenland to be up for grabs , ” worries Lynge .
But oil has yet to actually be discovered , much less to flow , which is why Jens Frederiksen , the leader of Greenland ’s Democratic Party , spearheaded the “ no ” campaign during last year ’s referendum on self - governance .
He says the government has too many pressing social needs — abysmal education levels , a crumbling public - housing stock , and massive rates of alcoholism — to reduce the Danish subsidy , especially since , even if oil is found , any revenue wo n’t start coming in for 15 or 20 years .
( CNN ) --
A freelance cameraman 's appendix ruptured and by the time he was admitted to surgery , it was too late .
A self - employed mother of two is found dead in bed from undiagnosed heart disease .
A 26 - year - old aspiring fashion designer collapsed in her bathroom after feeling unusually fatigued for days .
Paul Hannum 's family members say he probably would 've gone to the hospital earlier if he had had health insurance .
What all three of these people have in common is that they experienced symptoms , but did n't seek care because they were uninsured and they worried about the hospital expense , according to their families .
All three died .
Research released this week in the American Journal of Public Health estimates that 45,000 deaths per year in the United States are associated with the lack of health insurance .
If a person is uninsured , " it means you 're at mortal risk , " said one of the authors , Dr. David Himmelstein , an associate professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School .
The researchers examined government health surveys from more than 9,000 people aged 17 to 64 , taken from 1986 - 1994 , and then followed up through 2000 .
They determined that the uninsured have a 40 percent higher risk of death than those with private health insurance as a result of being unable to obtain necessary medical care .
The researchers then extrapolated the results to census data from 2005 and calculated there were 44,789 deaths associated with lack of health insurance .
For years , Paul Hannum did n't have health insurance while he worked as a freelance cameraman in southern California .
One Sunday , Hannum complained of a stomachache which alarmed his pregnant fiancée , Sarah Percy .
" He was n't a complainer , " she said .
" He 's the type of guy who , if he got a cold , he 'll power through it .
I never had known him to complain about anything . "
Hannum thought he had a stomach flu or food poisoning from bad chicken .
On Monday , his brother saw him looking ashen and urged him to go to the hospital .
" He had a little girl on the way , " his older brother Curtis Hannum said .
" He did n't want the added burden of an ER visit to hang on their finances .
He thought ' I 'll just wait , ' and he got worse and worse . "
By the time Hannum got to the hospital and was admitted to surgery , it was too late .
Paul Hannum , 45 , died on Thursday , August 3 , 2006 , from a ruptured appendix .
His daughter , Cameron was born two months later .
Other studies have indicated that the uninsured are at greater risk of mortality than the insured .
A 2007 study from The American Cancer Society found that uninsured cancer patients are 1.6 times more likely to die within five years of their diagnosis than those with private insurance .
In 2002 , the Institute of Medicine estimated that lack of health insurance caused about 18,000 deaths every year .
The latest findings come amid the fierce debate over health care reform in the U.S .
Two authors of the Harvard study , Himmelstein and Dr. Steffie Woolhandler are co-founders of the Physicians for a National Health Program , which supports government - backed " single - payer " health coverage .
The National Center for Policy Analysis , which backs " free - market " health care reform , calls the Harvard research flawed .
" The findings in this research are based on faulty methodology and the death risk is significantly overstated , " said John C. Goodman , the president of the NCPA in a statement .
But Goodman did note there is " a genuine crisis of the uninsured in this country . "
The lead author of the Harvard study , Dr. Andrew Wilper said he 's confident in his and his colleagues ' estimates .
" It 's consistent with the vast body of literature that has found reasonably similar findings , " said Wilper , instructor in internal medicine at the University of Washington .
" There 's broad agreement in the health literature regarding this point . "
Wilper said there is often fear from those , including his own grandmother , who do n't feel well but avoid the hospital because it could mean financial catastrophe .
For 10 years , Sue Riek suffered from back pain , but could n't afford medical care .
When a mid-life divorce left her single and without health insurance , Riek started a home - business selling make - up on eBay to support herself and her two daughters .
Riek , who lived in Charlotte , North Carolina , did n't qualify for Medicaid .
And she could n't afford a $ 5,000 monthly insurance premium , said her eldest daughter , Kaytee Riek .
" I do n't know if she felt trapped , but it was a constant in her life -- struggling outside the health care system to exist , " her daughter said .
Riek took comfort in her faith and regularly attended church .
Then one Sunday , she did n't show up .
The next day , September 3 , 2007 , her daughter received the call telling her that her 51 - year - old mother died from undiagnosed heart disease -- a condition treatable with lifestyle changes , medication and certain medical procedures .
" I feel incredibly strongly that she would still be alive if she had been able to regularly see a doctor , " said her daughter .
It has become lethal to be uninsured , said Woolhandler , an associate professor of medicine at Harvard .
" If you can get good primary care for your high blood pressure , your high cholesterol , diabetes -- those do n't have to be lethal conditions , " she said .
" If you fail to get good ongoing primary care , you may end up with complications and even death . "
The ranks of the uninsured have grown , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
It says the number of Americans without health insurance rose to 46.3 million last year , up from 45.7 million in 2007 .
The percentage of the uninsured remained at 15.4 percent .
Young adults are more likely to be uninsured .
Elizabeth Machol , 25 , told her mother she felt tired .
She had just moved into a new apartment in Santa Rosa , California , with her boyfriend and thought the fatigue was from the move and her cat Bert , who would keep her up at night .
Her mother , Marlena Machol told her to go to the doctor 's office , but Machol was reluctant .
Machol worked at a movie theater and did n't have health insurance .
Her parents were still paying her medical bills from a previous condition and she was worried about the cost .
A few days after their phone conversation , Machol collapsed in the bathroom .
She never regained consciousness .
One day after her 26th birthday , Machol was declared brain dead .
After signing papers to donate her organs , her parents kissed her face , held her hands and said goodbye to the daughter who had played the violin , organized her own fashion show and taught neighborhood kids how to swim .
The coroner 's office could not determine the cause of death .
Six years after her death on September 22 , 2003 , her family wonders if things would 've been different had she not feared the cost of going to the hospital .
" Maybe they would 've found out what 's wrong , " her mother said .
" I do n't know if that would 've saved her , but it would 've been a chance to .
There are people like Elizabeth -- young people who are starting out in life and they do n't have options . "
All About Health Insurance • Health Care Costs • Health Care Issues
" OK , so , November 14th 2009 , Roger Corman receives an Oscar .
People … what took you so long ? "
The words of Jonathan Demme in his speech before handing over the statuette to Corman on that fateful evening .
Do n't worry , you 've not missed the Oscar ceremony ( something surprisingly easy to do since Sky swiped the TV rights ) .
This was the inaugural Governors awards , part of the new - look Academy that will see the number of nominees greatly expanded come March , where the board issue honorary Oscars to deserving talents who they missed out or ignored over the years .
It 's a shame this was such a sidelined event as we were denied the opportunity to see Hollywood 's brightest and best politely clapping at a career - spanning clip compilation that could have included such classics as The Trip , A Bucket of Blood and The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent .
Demme is right : recognition for Corman from his snooty peers is long overdue .
He shared the congratulatory night with Lauren Bacall and cinematographer Gordon Willis , both of whom had been at least nominated before and both of whom were frequently mentioned in the ever - growing list of talents such as Fritz Lang , Cary Grant , Orson Welles , Steve McQueen etc who never received such an accolade .
With them , it 's easy to pinpoint films they should have won for , or to see exactly what they 've delivered over the years .
With Corman , though , it 's perhaps a little harder to see or even define his contribution in such empirical terms , but it 's certainly there and even more important to the overall world of cinema .
He 's always had as many detractors as fans , the former often winning out so much so that his name is invoked pejoratively – almost shorthand for shoddy film - making .
What little coverage his Oscar has garnered has even gone as far as to suggest that if Corman can get one , where 's Uwe Boll or Lloyd Kaufman 's trophy ?
But Corman is the last of his kind , and his impact is still felt today with the big blockbusters all treading the same ground as Corman 's quickies from the past :
Look at the biggest movie around , The Twilight Saga : New Moon : did n't AIP , the company Corman was an integral part of , make an altogether more fun version of this over 50 years ago with I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
He 's been a whipping boy for the ills of cinema for as long as he 's been active , even being blamed for the dumbing - down of mass entertainment ( were such a thing even possible ) .
But if you want an example of how much better Corman 's trash was than the trash of today , take a look at the cynical , satirical , poverty - row , comic - book thrills of Death Race : 2000 and compare it to the costly , empty remake Death Race .
No competition there as far as I 'm concerned .
What he has been awarded for , according to the Academy , is the vague " rich engendering of films and film - makers " ; not quite the " consistently high quality of motion picture production " this year 's Irving G Thalberg Memorial award winner John Calley can claim .
While his motivations were far from altruistic , and there are no shortage of film - makers quick to comment on how the low budgets and breakneck schedules left them feeling truly " Rogered " by Corman , there are many amazing talents who got their first meaningful credits and breaks with him .
Jack Nicholson , Martin Scorsese , Francis Ford Coppola , Ron Howard , John Sayles , Robert Townes and Joe Dante all passed through his doors and learned about film - making the hard way - he was also important in distributing arthouse fare , introducing US audiences to Kurosawa , Truffaut and Bergman among many others .
Corman was n't just a cigar - chewing mogul : his directorial efforts such as The Masque of the Red Death , X : The Man with the X - Ray Eyes and The House of Usher are real genre classics .
He even managed to get a great performance from William Shatner in the gutsy , anti-racism tale The Intruder .
It 's said of directors like James Cameron that they can do everyone 's job on the set better .
Well , Corman could do everyone 's job cheaper – they just do n't make them like him any more .
Cameron is a great example of how sharp Corman 's outfit was at promoting talent .
He joined the ranks when production was kicking off on Corman 's Star Wars cash - in Battle Beyond the Stars as an assistant in the model shop and ended the film as art director , while also contributing to second unit and miniature directing .
You get the feeling that had production gone on for much longer , he'd have ended up as director .
Battle Beyond the Stars is also a good example of the special flavour you get from a Corman movie .
It 's aimed at kids , yet still has a villain who steals organs and limbs from his enemies and has them grafted on to his own body , Sybil Danning 's very revealing costumes , and George Peppard 's Space Cowboy character boozing and smoking throughout .
Plus it also rips off The Seven Samurai .
Not so much like Star Wars , after all .
He may have jumped on many bandwagons , but he also got a good many rolling , such as biker and rock 'n ' roll movies .
What 's more , many of his movies that were n't intended to survive longer than a few weeks at drive - ins are still adored by fans old and new looking for something ; some style , wit or oddball characteristics that have been focus - grouped out of movies these days .
Corman did n't " win " his Oscar – he did n't compete against anyone for it .
So why did he finally get one ?
Hard to say , precisely .
Did he deserve one ?
Absolutely .
File - sharing heroine Lily Allen has joined the anti-piracy lobby in its war against illegal downloading , claiming that it bankrupts the music industry .
While trying to prove her point , however , she infringed on the rights of several webblogs and newspapers .
On top of this , it turns out that she offers some illegal mixtapes on one of her websites .
After we found out that Lily Allen copied an article from Techdirt without attribution or permission to prove why copyright infringement is wrong , we called her a hypocrite .
Even celebrity guru Perez Hilton agreed with this assessment , and it seems that Lily is more of a hypocrite than we could have ever imagined .
In a reply to our criticism Lily wrote the following blog entry in which she entirely missed the point we tried to make .
“ I THINK ITS QUITE OVIOUS [ sic ]
THAT I WASNT TRYING TO PASS OF THOSE WORDS AS MY OWN , HERE IS A LINK TO THE WEBSIITE I ACQUIRED THE PIECE FROM . ”
Judging from her response it is “ quite obvious ” that Lily does n’t have a clue about copyright .
Lily seems to argue that we accused her of plagiarism , but we only meant to point out that she infringed on Techdirt ’s copyright by copy / pasting their article without attribution .
Also , this is not the only infringement on her blog .
While she ’s trying to point out how much damage ‘ pirates ’ do to the music industry she blatantly infringed the copyrights of a number of newspapers by posting scanned articles .
To make things even more absurd Techdirt discovered that Lily is pirating music herself by offering some unauthorized mixtapes ( tape 1 and tape 2 ) on her website LilyAllenMusic.com .
The tracklist of one of the mixtapes reveals a list of no less than 19 unauthorized tracks .
This means the RIAA can easily sue her for millions .
Please Lily , explain to us why it is okay for you to copy , paste and pirate others work , while you label people who do the same as thieves ?
Are we missing something here , or do you really think that copyright is limited to your own music ?
What about the poor people working at the newspapers who might lose their job because you are pasting scanned articles online ?
Not to mention the poor artists that ended up on your mixtape who ’s lives are ruined because of your selfish actions .
Update : Lily Allen killed her weblog and career .
Back in April , the Daily Show's Jon Stewart offered some sound advice for frothing at the mouth Tea Baggers , " I think you might be confusing tyranny with losing . "
Now five months after their Tax Day outburst , thousands of vein - popping Obama opponents descended Saturday on Washington for Tea Party II .
But while Glenn Beck 's furious followers alternately slandered the President as a " fascist , " a " communist " and worse , they remained unencumbered by either the thought process - or the truth .
Here , then , are 10 Lessons for Tea Baggers :
1. President Obama Cut Your Taxes
As in April , the Tea Baggers continued to display their fundamental misunderstanding of U.S. history and the American Revolution .
Apparently , the right - wing zealots are outraged by no taxation with representation .
As promised , Barack Obama in the stimulus package delivered on his pledge of tax relief for 95 % of American households .
Obama 's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) did n't only jump start gross domestic product and refill empty state coffers in the second quarter of 2009 .
As Nate Silver thoroughly documented , " Obama has cut taxes for 98.6 % of working households . "
Nevertheless , raging Tea Baggers spouting Republican Tax Day lies took to the streets not to thank the President , but to blame him for the tax cuts they received .
2. The Stimulus is Working
A prime target of Bagger bashing , the $ 787 billion stimulus package passed over the near - total obstructionism of Congressional Republicans is already paying huge dividends for the economy .
To be sure , at 9.7 % the unemployment rate remains dismal .
But the impact of ARRA and other government actions extends well beyond the Obama administration 's claim it has created or preserved one million jobs to date .
As I documented in August :
After steep declines of 5.4 % and 6.4 % in the previous two quarters , gross domestic product fell only 1 % in the last three months .
And while the ARRA overall added " up to 3 full percentage points of annualized growth in the quarter , " President Obama 's stimulus helped precisely where it was needed most - rescuing devastated state budgets .
Earlier this month , the reliably Republican Wall Street Journal agreed the Obama administration has helped stem the bleeding from the Bush Recession :
Many forecasters say stimulus spending is adding two to three percentage points to economic growth in the second and third quarters , when measured at an annual rate .
The impact in the second quarter , calculated by analyzing how the extra funds flowing into the economy boost consumption , investment and spending , helped slow the rate of decline and will lay the groundwork for positive growth in the third quarter -- something that seemed almost implausible just a few months ago .
Some economists say the 1 % contraction in the second quarter would have been far worse , possibly as much as 3.2 % , if not for the stimulus .
For the third quarter , economists at Goldman Sachs & Co. predict the U.S. economy will grow by 3.3 % .
" Without that extra stimulus , we would be somewhere around zero , " said Jan Hatzius , chief U.S. economist for Goldman .
3. First Reagan Tripled the National Debt ...
For Tea Baggers supposedly concerned that " deficit spending is out of hand , " history apparently began only on January 20 , 2009 .
Because while President Obama rightly resorted to massive deficit spending to rescue the American economy from calamity , it was Ronald Reagan who ushered in the now - standard Republican practice of " spending our children 's inheritance . "
As Steve Benen rightly noted , it was not Reagan but President Obama whose stimulus plan delivered the largest two - year tax cut in history .
And as it turns out , what Saint Ronnie giveth , he also taketh away .
As predicted , Reagan 's massive $ 749 billion supply - side tax cuts in 1981 quickly produced even more massive annual budget deficits .
Combined with his rapid increase in defense spending , Reagan delivered not the balanced budgets he promised , but record - settings deficits .
Ultimately , Reagan was forced to raise taxes twice to avert financial catastrophe ( a fact John McCain learned the hard way from Tom Brokaw last October ) .
By the time he left office in 1989 , Ronald Reagan nonetheless more than equaled the entire debt burden produced by the previous 200 years of American history .
4. ... Then Bush Doubled It Again
Following in Reagan 's footsteps , George W. Bush buried the myth of Republican fiscal discipline .
Inheriting a federal budget in the black and CBO forecast for a $ 5.6 trillion surplus over 10 years , President George W. Bush quickly set about dismantling the progress made under Bill Clinton .
Bush 's $ 1.4 trillion tax cut in 2001 , followed by a $ 550 billion second round in 2003 , accounted for the bulk of the yawning budget deficits he produced .
Like Reagan and Stockman before him , Bush resorted to the rosy scenario to claim he would halve the budget deficit by 2009 .
Before the financial system meltdown last fall , Bush 's deficit already reached $ 490 billion .
( And even before the passage of the Wall Street bailout , Bush had presided over a $ 4 trillion increase in the national debt , a staggering 71 % jump . )
By this January , the mind - numbing deficit figure reached $ 1.2 trillion , forcing President Bush to raise the debt ceiling to $ 11.3 trillion .
Tea Baggers take note : the Bush tax cuts delivered a third of their total benefits to the wealthiest 1 % of Americans .
And the staggering $ 2 trillion price tag for Bush 's giveaway to the richest needing it least dwarfs the estimated $ 900 billion cost over 10 years of President Obama 's health care proposals .
5. Republican States Have the Worst Health Care
George W. Bush did n't merely spend the health care money on a windfall for America 's rich and famous .
He helped ensure red states continued to provide the worst health care in the nation .
Call it the Iron Law of Birtherism : the movement which denies President Obama 's Hawaiian birth is strongest precisely in those states where Republicans poll best and health care is worst .
A 2007 Commonwealth Fund report , " Aiming Higher : Results from a State Scorecard on Health System Performance , " examined states ' performance across 32 indicators of health care access , quality , outcomes and hospital use .
Topping the list were Hawaii , Iowa , New Hampshire , Vermont and Maine .
Bringing up the rear were the Bush bastions of Kentucky , Louisiana , Nevada , Arkansas , Texas , with Mississippi and Oklahoma .
The 10 worst performing states were all solidly Republican in 2004 .
( 8 voted for McCain in 2008 . )
The extremes in health care performance are startling .
For example , 30 % of adults and 20 % of children in Texas lacked health insurance , compared to 11 % in Minnesota and 5 % in Vermont , respectively .
Premature death rates from preventable conditions were almost double ( 141.7 per 100,000 people ) in Tennessee , Arkansas , Louisiana and Mississippi compared to the top performing states ( 74.1 per 100,000 ) .
Adults over 50 receiving preventative care topped 50 % in Minnesota compared to only 33 % in Idaho .
Childhood immunizations reached 94 % in Massachusetts , compared to just 75 % in the bottom five states .
As the report details , federal and state policies , such as insurance requirements and Medicaid incentives , clearly impact health care outcomes .
( In May , the Washington Post rightly noted it would be blue state residents funding health care reform for their red state brethren in an article titled , " A Red State Booster Shot . "
The grandstanding of Sarah Palin , Bobby Jindal et al notwithstanding , the same one - way flow of taxpayer dollars from Washington to red states , of course , is a permanent feature of federal spending in general .
And yet a 2008 survey predictably showed 68 % of Republicans believe the U.S. has the best health system in the world , compared to only three in 10 Democrats . )
6. Medicare is a Government Program
Among the greatest ironies of the health care debate is the specter of Republicans feigning concern over Medicare .
The same party that opposed Medicare in the 1960's and tried to slash its budget in the 1990's now scares the bejesus out of 46 million American elderly recipients by warning of bogus death panels and Democrats " sticking it to seniors with cuts to Medicare . "
Even more ironic is that a majority of the GP faithful do not seem to know that Medicare is a government - run program .
As I noted previously :
In July , Rep. Bob Inglis ( R - SC ) described an angry constituent who confronted him at a South Carolina town hall meeting , " keep your government hands off my Medicare . "
Despite his best efforts to explain that Medicare is a government program , the voter , Inglis lamented , " was n't having any of it . "
But as recent data from Public Policy Polling revealed , that same cognitive failure is now far more widespread than swine flu .
While 39 % of all Americans responded that the government should " stay out of Medicare , " 59 % of self - identified conservatives and 62 % of McCain voters hold that oxymoronic view .
7. Barack Obama is Not a Muslim
An April survey by the Pew Research Center showed that 11 % of Americans believe Barack Obama is a Muslim , a figure largely unchanged since its polling started in March 2008 .
Yet 17 % of Republicans and 19 % of white evangelicals ( 74 % of whom voted for John McCain ) insist the President is an adherent of Islam , despite his repeated pronouncements and decades of church attendance to the contrary .
Judging from their signs , a much larger percentage of Tea Baggers maintain this error .
8. Barack Obama was Born in the United States
As it turns out , the Tea Bagging faithful are even worse at basic geography than comparative religion .
The Birther contagion is running rampant among the ranks of Republicans .
And even with repeated treatments of birth certificates and Hawaiian newspaper announcements from 1961 , there is apparently no cure .
A DailyKos / Research 2000 poll found that a stunning 58 % of Republicans did not believe ( 28 % ) or were unsure ( 30 % ) that President Barack Obama was in fact born in the United States .
To be sure , this is a Southern pathology , a region home to 69 % of all birthers and the only part of the country to increase its Republican presidential vote in 2008 .
The PPP survey only confirmed the chronic birtherism plaguing the Republican Party :
Only 62 % of respondents reported believing that Obama was born in the United States .
10 % thought he was born in Indonesia , 7 % thought he was born in Kenya , 1 % thought he was born in the Philippines , and 20 % were n't sure .
Among Republicans 44 % think he was not born here while just 36 % believe that he was .
( In a promising development , only 10 % of respondents were n't sure if Hawaii is part of the United States .
On this score , conservatives were only slightly more confused than liberals and moderates . )
9. 70,000 Does Not Equal 2,000,000
Math , too , provides another stumbling block for the masterminds and acolytes of Tea Party movement .
After FreedomWorks president Matt Kibbe wrongly inflated the estimates of the 9/12 crowd in Washington DC at 2,000,000 , ABC and others corrected the fraud .
But that did n't stop the conservative blogosphere from parroting the charade debunked by both DC police - and simple comparative photography .
As Nat Silver concluded , " Size Matters ; So Do Lies . "
The way this false estimate came into being is relatively simple : Matt Kibbe , the president of FreedomWorks , lied , claiming that ABC News had reported numbers of between 1.0 and 1.5 million when they never did anything of the sort .
A few tweets later , the numbers had been exaggerated still further to 2 million .
Kibbe was n't " in error " , as Malkin gently puts it .
He lied .
He did the equivalent of telling people that his penis is 53 inches long .
10 . The Economy Almost Always Does Better Under Democrats
If the extended Pinocchio nose and a similarly over - inflated phallus are the apt symbols of the Tea Party movement , the Tea Baggers are in for one final , rude awakening .
For all of their histrionics about " socialism " and " communism " , the historical record clearly shows the economy overall and the stock market in particular almost always do better under Democratic presidents .
Just days after the Washington Post documented that George W. Bush presided over the worst eight - year economic performance in the modern American presidency , the New York Times in January featured an analysis comparing presidential performance going back to Eisenhower .
As the Times showed , George W. Bush , the first MBA president , was a historic failure when it came to expanding GDP , producing jobs and fueling stock market growth .
And across almost every indicator ( article here , charts here ) , Democrats outperformed their Republican counterparts .
The superior performance of Democratic presidents covers virtually the entire spectrum of economic indicators .
As Elliott Parker of the University of Nevada , Reno detailed in a 2006 paper , since 1949 Democratic administrations have done better than Republican ones when it comes to unemployment ( 5.2 % to 6.0 % ) , job creation ( - .0.4 % decrease in unemployment , compared to 0.3 % increase ) , GDP growth rate ( 4.2 % to 2.9 % ) , and even corporate profits as a share of GDP .
And to be sure , he found the Dow benefits from Democrats in the White House .
There 's no shortage of studies to show that stock market returns are higher under Democratic leadership .
( As it turns out , Wall Street 's performance is also better when Democrats control Congress . )
In 2000 , Pedro Santa - Clara and Rossen Valkanov of UCLA 's Anderson School of Business concluded that " that the average excess return in the stock market is higher under Democratic than Republican presidents - a difference of 9 percent per year for the value - weighted portfolio and 16 percent for the equal - weighted portfolio . "
As the New York Times noted of UCLA study in 2003 :
" It 's not even close .
The stock market does far better under Democrats ...
As the spent Tea Baggers wipe the spittle from their lips at they trudge home from Washington , they would do well to remember one final truth .
The words of Harry Truman , the man Sarah Palin cited as her model , are as true today as when he uttered them generations ago :
" If you want to live like a Republican , vote Democratic . "
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Exclusive : Did the U.S. government buy favorable coverage of Iraq ’s Anbar Province ?
U.S. taxpayer money that was supposed to be used for emergency purposes in Iraq was spent to buy a special advertising issue for an Anbar businessman in a British trade magazine , a U.S. government investigation has found .
FDI magazine , a bimonthly print publication and website owned by the Financial Times , nearly simultaneously showered Anbar Governor Qasim Abid Muhammad Hammadi Al Fahadawi with positive coverage , praising the dangerous Anbar province as " a hot place to invest in " and giving the businessman an award as " Global Personality of the Year for 2009 . "
FDI ’s award was announced three days before the " Special Report " on Anbar , entitled , " Bridge to the Future , " was published on its website .
The award was immediately praised by the U.S. military in Iraq , without mention of the U.S. funds spent on the supplement , and the website makes no mention of it having been paid for by the American government .
Then again last month , FDI magazine Editor Courtney Fingar handed the governor another award naming Anbar province one of FDI magazine ’s " standout regions of the year . "
Reached by The Cable , Fingar confirmed the U.S. government had spent " in the neighborhood of $ 50,000 " on the special supplement but denied her magazine ’s content had been bought and paid for , calling the report on Anbar " balanced and accurate . "
The investigation was disclosed in the October quarterly report of the office of the Special Inspector General for Iraqi Reconstruction ( SIGIR ) , which is tasked with monitoring U.S. expenditures and projects in Iraq , but has so far not been publicly reported .
Sources told The Cable that after the report is submitted to Congress , it ’s up to that body to determine if the payment violated funding rules or the law .
The 14 - page special advertising edition , the SIGIR report found , was completely paid for by U.S. military money from what ’s called the Commanders Emergency Response Program ( CERP ) .
" CERP was originally designed for urgent humanitarian relief and reconstruction , " said Deputy Inspector General Ginger Cruz told The Cable .
" Over the past six years its use has been greatly expanded and expenditures such as promotional media pieces emphasize the importance of having clear criteria to ensure appropriate use of taxpayer dollars . "
" It just seems odd at all parts from whatever angle you look at it , " said one administration source who requested anonymity because of the sensitive relationship between SIGIR and the military .
Another source called the use of emergency funding to advertize for the governor " bizarre . "
Defense Department financial regulations define CERP funding as " designed to enable local commanders in Iraq and Afghanistan to respond to urgent humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility by carrying out programs that will immediately assist the indigenous population . "
Fingar told The Cable that that while " travelling to Anbar to write the supplement provided an opportunity to become aware of the developments in the province and the work of the Governor , " the editorial credibility of the publication was not for sale .
" The decision to grant the award was made after my return from Anbar , based on my experiences there and without consultation with the U.S. government , Anbar governor or any external sources , " she said , " The decision is an editorial one alone . "
She admitted that the special edition of the publication was paid for by the U.S. government and claimed it had a clearly identified sponsor , but the website version of the supplement made no mention the U.S. government involvement .
" As per standard practice in the [ business to business ] specialist publishing business , the cost of the report was underwritten by a clearly identified sponsor — in this case the US government — but as per the very strict editorial code of conduct under which we operate at The Financial Times Ltd , reporting and editing were carried out independently and with no interference , " said Fingar , who described her reporting as " balanced and accurate . ’
" We stand by our coverage , " she said .
The Defense Department did not respond to requests for comment .
Loved by many , Google 's Street View feature remains controversial among users and consumer groups who are concerned about privacy .
The latest uproar comes from Switzerland 's Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner ( FDPIC ) , which claims Google has n't taken sufficient measures to protect citizens ' privacy and is now threatening to take the company to federal court .
The Swiss Privacy Commissioner , Hanspeter
Th�r , has been on Google 's back over Street View since August of this year ( when the feature began to be implemented there ) .
At that time , he demanded that Google withdraw Street View in Switzerland , and said that it would only be allowed if certain " negotiated conditions " were met .
Meanwhile ,
Th�r 's office offered instructions for citizens on how to get their faces blurred if they show up in a snapshot .
Those conditions were apparently not met , as Th�r and the FDPIC now say that Google has downright refused to implement the majority of the office 's recommendations .
And because of Google 's decision not to implement the FDPIC - recommended changes , the company will now find itself facing Switzerland 's Federal Administrative Court .
" [ N ] umerous faces and vehicle number plates are not made sufficiently unrecognisable from the point of view of data protection , especially where the persons concerned are shown in sensitive locations , e.g. outside hospitals , prisons or schools , " the FDPIC said in a statement on Friday .
" The height from which the camera on top of the Google vehicle films is also problematic . [...]
This means that privacy in enclosed areas ( gardens , yards ) is no longer guaranteed . "
Google has been battling the anonymity issue ever since the service was first launched .
In May 2008 , the European Union reminded Google that it needed to respect local privacy laws .
Then a Japanese privacy group became critical of Street View , arguing that it " constitutes violent infringement on citizens ' privacy " by taking and publishing pictures online without express permission .
The service has even been the subject of litigation in the US , with a federal judge tossing out an invasion - of - privacy lawsuit filed last year .
Google responded on its European Public Policy blog , noting that the company originally got the green light to launch Street View before Th�r " changed his mind . "
Google wants to play nice though and has proposed five changes , including improvements to license plate and face blurring .
Further reading :
Credit has exploded .
Allocated by Maoist bosses for political purposes , it has become absurd .
China is rolling as much steel as the next eight producers combined .
It is churning more cement than the rest of the world .
Fixed investment is up 53 pc this year .
Once you know that Hunan authorities have torn down two miles of modern flyway so that they can soak up stimulus by building it again , or that the newly - built city of Ordos is sitting empty in Inner Mongolia , you know what must come next .
State wildlife biologists say they think M56 , the solo male wolverine that migrated more than 500 miles to Colorado from Wyoming last spring , appears to have settled in at the snowy edge of Rocky Mountain National Park , raising hopes for the survival of the species and other threatened carnivores .
Climate change appears to be shrinking nationwide the snowy habitat needed to sustain predators including wolves , wolverines and lynx , wildlife experts said Monday at a conference on climate change put on by the advocacy group Defenders of Wildlife .
Colorado , with its abundant federal lands at elevations higher than 12,000 feet , increasingly is seen as a prime refuge where threatened and endangered species could be reintroduced .
“ We have to focus on areas that are most resistant to climate change , and Colorado is one of them , ” said David Gaillard , northern Rockies representative for Defenders of Wildlife .
“ We ’d love to help the state raise money ” for a project .
Colorado biologists who successfully reintroduced lynx in high - mountain terrain now are beginning to talk about the wolverine .
“ This seems like the best place to restore wolverines , ” Gaillard said .
“ The agencies will have to go through their analysis .
But Colorado led the way with the lynx .
Lynx are a lot more sensitive than wolverines . ”
A state - federal study for conserving the lynx , done in 1997 , concluded that “ since the wolverine occupies much of the same habitat , it would be advisable that ( the wolverine ) be included as well . ”
Colorado Division of Wildlife spokesman Tyler Baskfield said exploration of the possibilities for a multistate effort “ is in the infancy stage , ” and discussions will involve other agencies , agricultural producers and the public .
Fewer than 500 wolverines have survived in the Lower 48 states — in Idaho , Washington , Montana and Wyoming , according to the latest research .
Once , wolverines scavenged across Colorado , Utah , California and the Great Lakes region , but trapping and predator control using poison - laced bait decimated the species .
Now federal authorities are reviewing a petition to list wolverines as threatened or endangered .
The wolverine that trekked from Grand Teton National Park to higher terrain here had been fitted with a radio chip in its belly and a locator collar as part of a research project .
M56 ditched the collar , but the battery - powered radio chip still sends signals .
Colorado Division of Wildlife officials for five months have monitored its movements , flying over it every other week .
After M56’s arrival , biologists wondered whether it could survive this far south , said Shane Briggs , wildlife conservation program supervisor for the state .
Biologists believe the wolverine has found food — probably marmots .
“ Fortunately , he ’s still there , which is pretty exciting , ” Briggs said .
“ It ’s a chance to have a species living in the state that has n’t been confirmed here for 90 years . ”
Bruce Finley : 303-954-1700 or bfinley@denverpost.com
It must be stated over and over again : the Fox News Channel is not a news channel .
It 's a Republican party propaganda channel .
As such , its first amendment right to say whatever it likes ought to be protected , but not its " right " to call itself " news " .
That 's false advertising , and it ought to be outlawed by whoever regulates such things .
Perhaps if they changed the name to the Republican News Channel ( RNC for short ) , there would be no complaint .
Until they do , however , they need to be called out by the rest of us for exactly what they are .
To that end , recent statements by the White House are right on the money :
Fox should be treated not like a news organisation but like a television network that exists to promote a specific political agenda .
This public recognition of the perfectly obvious is long overdue from Democrats , many of whom continue , foolishly , to treat Fox as merely a news outlet with a conservative bent .
These Democrats fall into the false equivalence brier patch when they say Fox is merely a conservative counterpart to rival network MSNBC .
Sure , several of the GE - owned news outlet 's primetime shows cover real news from a progressive perspective , but progressivism does not equal liberalism , whatever that is , nor even Democratic - ism .
For the intellectually honest who bother to pay attention to MSNBC 's primetime coverage ( distinct from its all - rightwing morning coverage hosted for several hours by former Republican congressman Joe Scarborough ) the news outlet 's progressive viewpoint is obvious .
So is their well - documented penchant for reporting on the scoundrels in , and failings of , the Democratic party .
Such failings are not hidden from viewers .
By contrast , Fox presents an alternative reality where Republican hypocrisy , scandals and abuses of power are either spun into something they are not or , more frequently , simply not mentioned at all .
As such , the depths of the historically unprecedented failure that was George Bush 's presidency remain virtually unknown to Fox viewers .
In the bargain , as the young Obama administration moves forward , attempting to deal with countless disasters they 've inherited , issue after issue now comes as a complete surprise to the majority of Fox 's audience .
The resultant spectacle might be amusing were it not so dangerous to our country 's future .
It 's also rather sad to see so many well - meaning Americans pushed into speeding traffic by cynical rightwing power brokers using and abusing their good nature .
It is with a sense of both shame and bemusement that we now witness good Americans agitated and drafted into protests over the very policies that the Republican failure has itself created and supported uncritically for years : record government expansion and deficits ; massive Big Brother invasion of privacy ; bureaucratic intrusion between patients and doctors ; corporate bailouts courtesy of taxpayer largesse ....
The list goes on and on , but the frothing teabaggers protest as if the last eight years never happened .
Rather , these poor saps were presented with a phony version of reality produced with Hollywood - style special effects and distractions ( missing blonds , steroids in baseball , terrorists around every corner , non-existent voter fraud ) .
Now these confused souls roam the streets , town halls and email lists as clueless zombies , unaware of who and what they are fighting for ( government - supported corporatocracy ) or against ( their own self - interest ) .
Its a breath of fresh air to see a White House finally willing to offer an official definition of what the Fox News Channel actually is and , in turn , to witness the nattering nabobs of nincompoopery waste their time by spinning viewers with tales of yet another imaginary war – this one where Fox and the first amendment are both imagined to be under attack .
At least in trumping up this war , the folks at Fox are only hurting themselves .
And if anybody needed more evidence that the White House is absolutely right about Fox not being a news organisation , on Wednesday night primetime anchor Sean Hannity was forced to admit that he 'd falsified footage of a recent Tea Party protest on Capitol Hill .
When the attendance was n't large enough to give the impression of the angry Republican mobs Hannity might have hoped for , he and fellow Republican Michele Bachmann told viewers the crowd was tens of thousands of angry voters larger than it actually was while showing two - month - old footage from a completely different rally to underscore their point .
To make matters even more embarrassing , the video that was deceptively spliced in was from a September rally where a Fox News producer had been caught stage - managing the crowd , urging them to cheer loudly while on camera .
Hannity 's admission to an " inadvertent mistake " ( how incorrect video inadvertently edits itself into a new report went unexplained ) came after the doctored video was discovered by Jon Stewart 's The Daily Show , which offers far more accurate , fair and balanced news on a daily basis than Fox could ever dream of .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Just Looking Out for the Tax - Payers ... "
( 10 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 11/10/2009 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
I 'm with Brad on this one !
Lawsuits for poisoning up to 100,000 people and $ 430 million settlements have Acorn written all over them .
If we do n't stop them now , you can damn well be sure that this new government run health care they 're about to ram down our throats will have a provision for MANDATORY ACORN SUPPOSITORIES FOR ALL AMERICANS !!!!
I do n't know about you but I 've got enough problems without adding an oak tree growing out my ass !
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/10/2009 @ 7:38 pm PT ...
And not only that , Bill O'Reilly started the " War on Sesame Street " because Oscar the Grouch sang this song : A is for Apple
B is for Banana
C is for Cat
D is for Dog
E is for Elephant
F is for FOX " news "
F is for F*ck F*CK FOX NEWS !
F*CK FOX NEWS !
F*CK F*CK F*CK F*CK
F*CK FOX NEWS !!!!!!!!!!
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/10/2009 @ 10:03 pm PT ...
But if we stop the ACORNs , what will the squirrels eat ?
THINK OF THE SQUIRRELS !!!!
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/10/2009 @ 10:09 pm PT ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Gus W said on 11/11/2009 @ 6:17 am PT ...
If you have n't heard Bush answering a freshman student 's question on Iraq contractor accountability , you must hear it - the student had asked Rumsfeld the same question a month before but Rumsfeld deferred to Bush .
Hear Bush defer back to Rumsfeld , even after the girl explained she had already asked him the same thing ... scary example of common sense meeting political BS where lives are at stake http://www.opednews.com/...bush_startlingly_ine.htm
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/11/2009 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
I hate squirrels .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 11/11/2009 @ 11:40 pm PT ...
Colbert was on freaking fire tonight against Fox News and the teabaggers .
I 'm only 10 minutes in and I 'm dying .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 11/14/2009 @ 1:29 am PT ...
It is my understanding that DynCorp / Halliburton was involved in human trafficking and Donald Rumsfeld figured it was " just a few bad apples . "
More proof that ACORN must be eliminated !!
I also heard that the top three defense contractors have paid billions in fines for fraud and other illegal activities .
There must be an ACORN connection there somewhere !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Michael said on 11/17/2009 @ 1:24 am PT ...
Slavery should be abolished in the Sudan too , but what the hell does that have to do with Acorn ?
You 're right , all of these things should be investigated , and there is certainly a law suit against KBR / Halliburton ( and the Subcontractor who actually ran the burnpits that were signed off on by the US Army ) as there should be ... so great ... wrongdoing is being investigated on all sides including Acorn .
The only thing I can figure is your main point is these other wrongs " make a right " somehow ?
Real brilliance here .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/17/2009 @ 9:50 am PT ...
Environmental campaigners were celebrating tonight after controversial plans for a new coal - fired power station at Kingsnorth in Kent were shelved , as the company behind the scheme postponed the project and blamed the recession .
Energy group E.ON said recent falls in demand for electricity had forced it to rethink , but that the plant could still be built if economic conditions permitted .
However , green campaigners were claiming a major victory over what they viewed as in effect a cancellation of the Kingsnorth station , which has become a focus for protest and concern over carbon dioxide emissions and climate change .
In a statement to green groups including Greenpeace , the company said : " We can confirm that we expect to defer an investment decision on the Kingsnorth proposals for up to two to three years .
This is based on the global recession , which has pushed back the need for new plant in the UK to around 2016 ... we remain committed to the development of cleaner coal and carbon capture and storage " .
John Sauven , head of Greenpeace , said : " This development is extremely good news for the climate and in a stroke significantly reduces the chances of an unabated Kingsnorth plant ever being built .
The case for new coal is crumbling , with even E.ON now accepting it 's not currently economic to build new plants . "
Professor Jim Hansen , one of the world 's leading climate scientists , welcomed the decision : " This is a step in the right direction .
But there must be government leadership to make it truly important .
The requirement is to phase out coal emissions , if we want to be fair to our children and grandchildren .
We desperately need a nation to exert some leadership , adopting policies to move promptly in that direction .
I still look on UK as being perhaps the best hope for leading a fundamental change .
" But as yet there seems to be no government , the US included , with the guts to say what is needed and move in that direction .
Instead we hear goals for emissions reduction – what a fake – the coal must be left in the ground or we can never achieve the needed goals for atmospheric carbon dioxide . "
Andy Atkins of Friends of the Earth said : " We 're delighted that E.ON has shelved its Kingsnorth plans – we should be investing in clean energy sources not building new dirty coal - fired power stations .
Plans to build this power plant have seriously undermined the UK 's credibility on climate change ahead of crucial talks in Copenhagen .
The government must now show real leadership and say no to all new coal plants which are n't fitted with 100 % carbon capture and storage from day one .
The UK has one of the best renewable energy resources in Europe , but our record on developing green energy is a national disgrace .
It 's time to make the UK a world leader in developing clean power and cutting energy waste . "
At its most far reaching , E.ON 's decision is a blow to government plans to develop so - called clean coal technology , which would trap and store polluting emissions underground .
The unproven concept is attractive to ministers because it provides a way to burn fossil fuels while introducing other policies to curb carbon emissions .
E.ON first applied for permission to build the Kingsnorth facility in 2006 , but subsequently asked for the decision to be deferred until ministers had decided whether it must be fitted with carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) technology .
Earlier this year , Ed Miliband , the environment secretary , said new plants such as Kingsnorth would have to trap and store a large portion of their emissions , which would significantly raise the cost .
How this cost would be met has yet to be decided .
The government has pledged funds to the winner of a competition to develop a CCS plant by 2015 , in which Kingsnorth is one of three contenders .
Ministers have also talked of funding an additional three CCS plants by 2019 , perhaps through a levy on electricity bills .
A source close to the process said tonight that E.ON 's move could be an act of " brinkmanship " intended to force ministers to place less of the financial burden for CCS on energy companies .
Ministers have talked up the need for clean coal plants to meet future electricity needs and to help Britain rely less on gas supplies from nations such as Russia .
A spokesman for the Department of Energy and Climate Change said : " E.ON 's decision to delay their proposed project is a response to the global economic situation and they remain committed to developing clean coal .
They have not said they are withdrawing from our CCS demonstration competition and we will be discussing with them the implications for this and for their planning consent application . "
Greg Clark , the shadow climate change secretary , said : " This latest news underlines the chaos in Labour 's energy policy .
At a time when the government is predicting power cuts by 2017 its plans for new capacity with carbon capture and storage are disintegrating . "
Dear Cecil :
How is it that , in places without natural features such as a river or mountain range to mark a border , U.S. states could establish a nice , even line over hundreds of miles before GPS ?
Granite - Morale
Cecil replies :
The lines are n’t always nice and even .
Study a U.S. atlas and you ’ll find many supposedly straight boundaries with slants and zigzags in them , the work of surveyors who were , and it pains me to say this , borderline incompetent .
Still , the remarkable thing is n’t how often the surveyors screwed up but how often they did n’t .
You never know when we might be called on to lay out another virgin continent , and Lord knows you ca n’t always count on modern technology .
So here ’s a primer on the old - fashioned way to draw a straight line on a bumpy planet .
First a question : why straight lines ?
Mostly because the distant authorities who decreed borders — royalty before 1776 , Congress and treaties after — were ignorant of local geography .
Straight lines also had the virtue of simplicity .
There are many Potomac branches for Virginia and Maryland to argue over .
But there ’s only one 42nd parallel , limiting the recreational disputation opportunities for folks in Pennsylvania and New York .
Now let ’s get to work .
Step 1 . Understand a straight line is n’t always a straight line .
In surveying then and now , one worker holds a pole while another trains a surveyor ’s transit on him .
They designate what ’s literally a landmark , anything from a blaze on a tree to a stone monument .
Then they move on to the next line segment .
As long as they keep all the marks aligned , the result is a straight line , right ?
Wrong — or rather , you wo n’t necessarily have the type of straight line you want on a map .
What you get is a line of sight that defines a geodesic or great circle .
It ’s the shortest distance between two points .
However , except at the equator , it does n’t follow the parallels of latitude commonly used for east - west borders .
Not getting this ?
Draw a string taut between two points on a parallel of latitude on a globe .
See how the line formed by the string diverges from the latitude line ?
There are ways to compensate for this , some simple , some mind - numbingly complicated .
Let ’s just say that whereas today when you see a smart child you think “ future newspaper columnist , ” 200 years ago you ’d have said , “ That kid ’s a born surveyor . ”
Step 2 . Understand the difference between true north and magnetic north .
Magnetic compasses do n’t point to the north pole , but rather to a spot about 500 miles distant , a fact surveyors take into account when determining true north .
Everybody gets this .
What they may not get is that compensating requires constant adjustment as you move around .
This subtlety was lost on some early surveyors .
The knuckleheads who laid out most of the Virginia - North Carolina - Kentucky - Tennessee border did n’t realize they needed to adjust their adjustments , so as they headed west , the boundary curved north .
The surveyors who handled the western end of the border , working east from the Mississippi , covered less ground and so had less chance to screw things up .
Where the two lines meet , at the Tennessee River , there ’s a 12 - mile jog still conspicuous on maps .
Step 3 . Establish true north .
This was n’t that hard to do in the old days .
You just had to get up at a defined time in the middle of the night , sight on the North Star , and possibly make an angular adjustment .
You then dropped your scope to the horizon and marked the spot with a lantern , and that was true north .
What , you slept through ?
Then you had to take your chances with a magnetic compass , or else await the 1835 invention of the superior solar compass , which merely required precise knowledge of the time , latitude , and solar declination , plus of course no clouds .
Step 4 . Establish a starting point .
Precision is obviously critical .
Reportedly surveyors took 3,000 observations trying to find the longitude of California ’s northeast corner and still did n’t get it .
To simplify matters , Congress sometimes specified that a boundary start at a landmark , but that was n’t foolproof .
The Missouri - Iowa border is supposedly marked by “ the rapids of the River Des Moines . ”
The Supreme Court later had to decide : what rapids ?
Step 5 . Chop a slot through the forest .
Drawing a bead on the guy holding the pole only works if nothing ’s in the way — a challenge in colonial times , when the eastern third of the country was densely covered with trees .
When Charles Mason and Jeremiah Dixon laid out their famous line separating Maryland , Pennsylvania , and Delaware in the 1760s , they had axmen hack a path through the woods called a visto .
It was eight or nine yards wide , several hundred miles long .
Step 6 . Sober up .
In the 1770s a party - hearty type named Collins led a team that surveyed the boundary between Quebec and Vermont .
On one 22 - mile stretch , a fifth of their expenses went for booze .
The result , an international commission later acknowledged , was “ very far from a straight line . ”
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Sept. 24 , 2009 -- Almost a month to the day after the death of Sen. Edward Kennedy , Gov. Deval Patrick named Paul Kirk to be the second senator from Massachusetts .
Kirk , 71 , was a close friend and confidante of the late Sen.
Kennedy for over 40 years .
He joined Kennedy 's staff in 1969 , serving there for eight years .
He later went on to chair the Democratic National Committee in the 1980s .
Today he is a Boston attorney and has served as the chairman of the John F. Kennedy Library Foundation 's board of directors .
Before his death , Kennedy had written a letter to the governor asking him to push through a change in the state law that would allow him to appoint an interim successor who could start work immediately , instead of leaving the seat open until filled in a special election .
In accordance with Kennedy 's wishes , the Massachusetts legislature altered the succession law , paving the way for a special appointment by the governor .
As part of the deal , Kirk said today that he has pledged not to seek election in January .
" Consistent with Sen .
Kennedy 's wishes and the expectations of the governor and the legislature , I shall not be a candidate in the special election , " Kirk said .
He went on to say that he was humbled by his appointment and honored to have the Kennedy family 's endorsement .
" To also have the encouragement and support of his family , that I be a voice and a vote for his causes and his constituents in the Senate that he loved , is a blessing I can only repay by giving my very best efforts to be the best public servant I can be in the months ahead , " he said .
Kirk will be Massachusetts ' senator until a permanent successor is chosen in a special election scheduled for Jan. 19 , 2010 .
Kirk was one of six candidates under final consideration for the job , among them former Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis .
When asked why Dukakis was n't picked , Patrick said , " I love Governor Dukakis . "
But he went on to say that there would be a certain temptation for whoever hold this post to " make a statement " – something Patrick said he wanted to avoid .
Sen .
John Kerry , also present on stage at today 's announcement , put it this way : " This is a caretaker appointment , a gentle and difficult transition , a kind of stewardship .
And Paul Kirk will be a superb steward of this seat . "
Kirk's Appointment Gives Senate Dems Veto Proof Majority
Kennedy 's widow , Vickie Reggie Kennedy , was present for the announcement along with Sen.
Kennedy 's eldest son Ted Jr. In a statement , the Kennedy family endorsed Kirk 's appointment .
" Senator Kennedy always said that serving the people of Massachusetts in the United States Senate was the greatest honor of his life .
He would be so pleased that Paul Kirk will also now have that honor … .
Side by side they fought many battles for progress and social justice , and nothing could be more fitting than for Paul now to carry on that fight . "
President Obama echoed those sentiments in his own statement : " I am pleased that Massachusetts will have its full representation in the United States Senate in the coming months as important issues such as health care , financial reform and energy will be debated .
Paul Kirk is a distinguished leader , whose long collaboration with Senator Kennedy makes him an excellent , interim choice to carry on his work until the voters make their choice in January . "
Kirk 's appointment gives Congressional Democrats a filibuster - proof 60th vote that will help the party and Obama as they try to push through key legislative priorities , like the increasingly controversial health care reform bill .
Patrick executed emergency powers in order to make the state legislature 's change to the succession law , effective immediately .
He said the issues facing the U.S. Congress right now , including health care reform , climate change and education funding , are too important to be given short shrift .
" Every vote will count and that means that Massachusetts must be fully counted too . "
Kirk said he plans to retain Kennedy 's staff .
He will be sworn in on Friday in a ceremony on Capitol Hill .
The Internal Revenue Service has filed a federal tax lien against Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger for nearly $ 80,000 , public records show .
The lien was filed May 11 at the Los Angeles County recorder 's office for $ 79,064 , according to a record in an electronic database that includes lien filings .
The record does not indicate what property the lien was placed on , but it lists the debtor as Arnold Schwarzenegger with the governor 's home address in Brentwood .
[ Updated at 11:42 a.m. : A federal tax lien would be attached to all of the governor ’s properties , according to the IRS . ]
The lien was reported this morning by TMZ.com , which posted a copy of a lien document that says it is from the county recorder 's office .
That document shows that Schwarzenegger owes $ 39,047.20 from 2004 and $ 40,016.80 from 2005 .
The document also lists a section of the IRS code that suggests the debt may be penalties for a failure to report certain business transactions .
Schwarzenegger 's spokesman , Aaron McLear , said in a statement that the " governor has paid his taxes in full and on time . "
" No one , including the IRS , has notified the governor of any issues whatsoever with his taxes , " McLear said .
" We are contacting the IRS to determine if the document in question , which appears to be a penalty for missing info and not for unpaid taxes , is legitimate and if there is any discrepancy to resolve . "
-- Michael Rothfeld in Sacramento
Kate Beaton
The Tudors because the whole time that I lived in Toronto , every bus and every subway car was plastered with Jonathan Rhys Meyers ' pouting face and ten yards of cleavage .
I believe we 've all learned a valuable lesson here , and that is William Cecil may have been a crack statesman , but if he wants to me to give a shit about him he better start hitting the gym .
stoorree I think the CBC blew half its budget onbecause the whole time that I lived in Toronto , every bus and every subway car was plastered with Jonathan Rhys Meyers ' pouting face and ten yards of cleavage .
I believe we 've all learned a valuable lesson here , and that is William Cecil may have been a crack statesman , but if he wants to me to give a shit about him he better start hitting the gym .
Store !
ZURICH -- A Swiss court on Tuesday rejected Oscar - winning director Roman Polanski's appeal to be released on house arrest , raising the likelihood that he would remain in jail pending legal proceedings over his possible extradition to the U.S .
In his appeal , Mr. Polanski , who is being held here in connection with three - decade - old sex charges in the U.S. , extended Swiss authorities several assurances that he would n't flee if released .
He offered as bail his luxury ski chalet in the Swiss resort of Gstaad ; volunteered to surrender ...
Simultaneous shortages in Libby 's canned pumpkins and Eggo waffles in the last week have led to some puzzling moments of hysteria .
The situation got us thinking about which foods we 'd totally freak out about if , suddenly , we could n't get them .
5. Peanut Butter -
The salmonella scare was almost a year ago , but that does n't stop me from buying the double pack of Jif every time supplies run low .
Without it , school lunches and midnight snacks would be one unending stream of pre-packaged deli meat .
Bleh .
4. Potatoes -
If you thought the Irish had a hard time without them , imagine a world where frozen spud supplies are dwindling .
I already feel like going 187 when the shake machine is out .
If McDonalds ever ran out of fries , anarchy would surely follow .
3. Riboflavin -
Although I do n't really know or care what Riboflavin is , I 'm pretty sure they can't make cereal without it .
Imagining our favorite grocery store aisle empty makes our inner child weep .
2. Blue Bell -
Texan ex-pats have been known to have the stuff packed in dry ice and shipped ; it 's no surprise we can't live without our Blue Bell .
That " eat all we can and sell the rest " attitude is real cute until there 's not enough to go around .
1. Bacon -
The chronic desire for bacon needs no explanation .
Even the mention of a bacon scarcity is enough to incite terror and activate hoarding tendencies in the most restrained of addicts .
Walking the stack and trying to reconstruct the call stack is a challenge ( especially if no or little symbolic information is present ) and there are many questions to be answered in order to have a correct call stack :
Determining return address
Determining the boundary of the caller function
Distinguishing between pointers to callbacks and return addresses
Determining stack frames
…
In this post , we are going to implement the method entitled “ Manually Walking a Stack ” described in the MSDN .
While this approach does not always give accurate results , it is still possible to get a fairly correct call stack .
In short , this is how manual stack walking works :
Start by retrieving the stack pointer register value ( for the current thread ) and its associated segment From the stack pointer to the upper limit of the stack segment :
Take a Dword Check if it belongs to an executable segment , if so then it is probably a code pointer ( exception handler , callback pointer , or return address )
Try to determine if the value at the stack pointer is a return address ( we try to find the beginning of the previous instruction and we decode it to see if it is a CALL instruction )
Once we have a CALL instruction we will try to build a nice expression to represent the call stack :
If it belongs to a function then use the following name : function name + offset
Otherwise try to check nearest debug name ( exported names ) and use the following name : nearest_debug_name+offset
Save the address ( for later use ) Finally render the results ( in a chooser , message window , etc … )
Retrieving pointers from the stack
First we need to retrieve the value of the ESP register :
esp = cpu.Esp
Now we dereference the stack pointer , fetch the associated segment and check the segment protection attributes :
ptr = idc.Dword ( sp ) seg = idaapi.getseg ( ptr ) # only accept executable segments if ( not seg ) or ( ( seg.perm & idaapi .
SEGPERM_EXEC ) == 0 ) : SKIP !
Determining the return address
From the previous step we managed to filter out any pointer that does not belong to an executable segment , but that ’s not enough : we need to determine whether it is a return address or not .
In compiler generated code scenarios most calls are carried out with a CALL instruction ( be it direct or indirect call ) , and for that reason we will not take into consideration any other code pattern that could act like a CALL ( for instance the push / ret sequence ) .
To get the address of the previous instruction :
prev_ea = idc.PrevHead( current_ea , idc.MinEA ( ) )
This works only if IDA already analyzed the area in question and items were already defined there .
We could analyze ( AnalyzeArea ( ) ) the area surrounding the pointer we retrieved from the stack , but that would be an overkill .
Since we are looking for the previous instruction and specifically a CALL instruction , we shall use a pattern table :
CallPattern = \ [ [ - 2 , [ 0 xFF ] ] , [ - 3 , [ 0 xFF ] ] , [ - 5 , [ 0xE8 ] ] , [ - 6 , [ 0xFF ] ] ]
Each item in this table is defined as a list where the first element is the distance from the return address to the beginning of the CALL instruction and the second element is a list of values denoting the CALL opcode(s ) .
Matching the pattern alone is also not enough since other instructions can contain 0xFF or 0xE8 , so we will ask the processor module to decode what we think is a CALL instruction :
cmd = idautils.DecodeInstruction ( some_address_ea ) if ( cmd.itype == idaapi.NN_call ) : print " found a call "
After the instruction is decoded , we can inspect its opcode number .
In case you did not know , a list of opcodes for various processors is available in the SDK ( check the allins.hpp file ) , similarly these opcode constants are defined in the idaapi python module .
(... from allins.hpp ... )
NN_call , // Call Procedure NN_callfi , // Indirect Call Far Procedure NN_callni , // Indirect Call Near Procedure (...)
We notice that the pc processor module can report three different opcode numbers for a CALL instruction , so our previous code snippet is not quite correct because we did not check for NN_callfi and NN_callni as well .
For this reason , using is_call_insn ( ) function is more correct :
def IsPrevInsnCall ( ea ) : global CallPattern for p in CallPattern : # assume caller 's ea caller = ea + p [ 0 ] # get the bytes bytes = [ x for x in GetDataList ( caller , len ( p [ 1 ] ) , 1 ) ] # do we have a match ?
is it a call instruction ?
if bytes == p [ 1 ] and idaapi.is_call_insn( caller ) : return caller return False
Putting it all together
We wrote a small python script to implement this logic and we tested it by attaching to a running notepad with WinDbg debugger module ( symbols configured ) :
As you noticed , the call stack boils down to RtlUserThreadStart ( ) .
One can use this call stack information to try to locate the original entry point of packed executables !
Download the script from here .
Please note that the script will use debug names only if IdaPython r232 and above is detected .
Using bacteria and inositol phosphate , a chemical analogue of a cheap waste material from plants , researchers at Birmingham University have recovered uranium from the polluted waters from uranium mines .
The same technology can also be used to clean up nuclear waste .
Professor Lynne Macaskie , this week ( 7 - 10 September ) , presented the group 's work to the Society for General Microbiology 's meeting at Heriot - Watt University , Edinburgh .
Bacteria , in this case , E. coli , break down a source of inositol phosphate ( also called phytic acid ) , a phosphate storage material in seeds , to free the phosphate molecules .
The phosphate then binds to the uranium forming a uranium phosphate precipitate on the bacterial cells that can be harvested to recover the uranium .
This process was first described in 1995 , but then a more expensive additive was used and that , combined with the then low price of uranium , made the process uneconomic .
The discovery that inositol phosphate was potentially six times more effective as well as being a cheap waste material means that the process becomes economically viable , especially as the world price of uranium is likely to increase as countries move to expand their nuclear technologies in a bid to produce low - carbon energy .
As an example , if pure inositol phosphate , bought from a commercial supplier is used , the cost of this process is £ 1.72 per gram of uranium recovered .
If a cheaper source of inositol phosphate is used ( eg calcium phytate ) the cost reduces to £ 0.09 for each gram of recovered uranium .
At 2007 prices , uranium cost £ 0.211/g ; it is currently £ 0.09 / g .
These prices make the process economic overall because there is also an environmental protection benefit .
Use of low - grade inositol phosphate from agricultural wastes would bring the cost down still further and the economic benefit will also increase as the price of uranium is forecast to rise again .
" The UK has no natural uranium reserves , although a significant amount of uranium is produced in nuclear wastes .
There is no global shortage of uranium but from the point of view of energy security the EU needs to be able to recover as much uranium as possible from mine run-offs ( which in any case pollute the environment ) as well as recycling as much uranium as possible from nuclear wastes , " commented Professor Macaskie , " By using a cheap feedstock easily obtained from plant wastes we have shown that an economic , scalable process for uranium recovery is possible " .
Tags
The freedom of a person to act according to his will in his property implies by symmetry that aggressions against others are ethically unacceptable .
An illegitimate aggression is any sufficiently intense adverse physical interference caused by a person on another 's property .
A problematic and possibly important case is the alteration of environmental conditions as in a hypothetical climate change , which could have both positive and negative effects depending on the subjective valuations and particular circumstances of human beings .
If climate change is considered a problem , it does not follow automatically that it has to be stopped or minimized at whatever cost it takes : humans are especially good at adaptation , and government does usually more harm than good .
Freedom , Property , and Aggression
A normative ethics with universal , symmetric , and functional rules is based upon the fundamental principle of property rights .
The ethics of freedom and property rights is the natural law , the system of norms adequate to human nature that permits harmonious and peaceful social coexistence and development by avoiding , minimizing , or solving conflicts as much as humanly possible .
Property is the domain of legitimate decision by the owner , the space in which each person is free to act according to his preferences without violent interference from others , whose valuations in this regard are ethically irrelevant .
All peaceful actions by the owner in his property are permitted , and no actions are obligatory ( there are no natural positive duties ) .
The right to property is a negative right of noninterference .
Humans do not have natural positive rights that imply that others must do something for them , and there are no natural duties towards others ( present or future ) .
Positive rights and duties arise by means of contracts .
Freedom does not mean absolute absence of restrictions : my freedom ends where the freedom of others begins ; my property is finite and limited by other people 's properties .
Freedom and property rights are equivalent to the nonaggression axiom : the initiation of force is not legitimate ; force may be used only for defense and justice .
Aggression , the invasion of the property of others without their consent , is forbidden .
The aggressor must repair the damages and compensate the victim .
Aggression is not only the narrow - sense notion of criminal violence performed by a person against another one and his possessions ( murder , assault , injuries , rape , kidnapping , theft ) .
Aggression in an abstract sense is any sufficiently intense adverse or noxious physical interference caused by a person or his possessions on another person 's property .
" The more actions are considered illegitimate aggressions , the more use of force is justified . "
Being the owner of something is not always good : property does not only imply the right to enjoy and use means of action .
Property can be bad : the owner is responsible for the damages that his actions and his possessions could cause on others ( intended or unintended , known or unknown , foreseen or unforeseen ) .
All actions imply the production of undesired residuals or waste that must be taken care of by the owner so that they do not damage others .
All real things are directly or indirectly interconnected by fundamental forces , so that a change in one entity causes some effect , small or big , on other entities .
But ethical rules refer only to changes and effects caused by human action that can damage others and create conflicts .
These interactions can involve matter ( solid , liquid , gas ; macroscopic or microscopic particles ) , energy ( heat , electromagnetic waves , pressure waves ) or alterations of natural environmental conditions ( luminosity , pressure , temperature , winds , humidity ) .
Effects can be strong or weak , concentrated or diffuse , direct or indirect , local or global , frequent or infrequent , cumulative or noncumulative , instantaneous or delayed , temporary or permanent .
Due to the limitations of the human mind , reality is often studied in a simplified way as if it were linear and simple ; but nature is in fact a complex network of entities and relationships .
A cause can have multiple effects over different persons , some positive and some negative .
An effect can have multiple causes , natural or artificial , from one person or from many people doing the same thing ( like breathing ) or complementary things ( like making and driving cars , or like producing and consuming energy ) .
In chaotic nonlinear systems , small causes can have big effects ( due to amplifiers , destabilizers , or positive feedback loops ) , but also big causes can have small effects ( due to dampers , stabilizers , or negative feedback loops ) .
In order to be qualified as aggressions , real events must at least be physically detectable , psychologically perceptible , and relevant for human preferences .
Objective real conditions do not automatically constitute problems .
It is human valuations which perceive situations as opportunities or threats , benefits or damages , goods or bads .
And it is the possible incompatibility of subjective human preferences that originates conflicts : what one likes another may dislike .
The specific contents of the notion of aggression are open and debatable ; it is not a concept with sharp boundaries , it is partially fuzzy and arbitrary .
It can not be fully determined by deduction using pure reason , it depends on customs , traditions , conventions ( blocking sunlight , high - intensity lights , high - volume sounds , pollutants ) .
Some objective criteria can be used to determine whether an event is more adequately considered an aggression or not : intensity , directness , extension , duration , accumulation .
" There is no natural duty to preserve the environment , which has no intrinsic value because valuations are products of mental activity . "
A functional ethics of freedom needs to include responsibility principles and rules for legitimate defense .
The traditional and sensible principles of justice place the burden of proof of aggression on the accuser , who must prove beyond reasonable doubt the guilt of the accused .
It is not the accused who must prove his innocence ( if it were so , every person should have proof of innocence for every action and moment in his life , because he could always be accused of something ) .
Legitimate defense may be invoked by the actual or possible receiver of the effects of an action if there is clear , present and provable danger , and not just if someone cannot fully assure that there is not .
Defense becomes illegitimate ( it becomes aggression ) if it cannot be proved that there is a danger of real damage .
The precautionary principle proposed by many environmentalists demands that the initiator of an activity proves its complete harmlessness and that the government does not need to prove probable harm in order to stop it .
Proving that something is absolutely innocuous is impracticable in new domains , where learning is performed by trial and error , and therefore this principle would paralyze innovation .
Knowledge acquisition is costly , and full knowledge is impossible .
The notion of aggression is based on the consequences or results of actions ( the real effects in the world ) , and not on the knowledge or intentions of the agents .
Instinctive moral feelings tend to excuse or diminish responsibility if there is no intentionality or if the damages are unforeseen , secondary effects : this is so partly because moral feelings evolved as genetic instincts in past times when our human ancestors had little capabilities of action .
But with capital and technological accumulation , it is necessary to demand responsible use of powerful tools , and warn persons that their ignorance or lack of foresight will not excuse them for the damages they might cause .
This kind of rule provides incentives for agents to fully consider all possible consequences of their actions , and not only the ones they intend to achieve , because they will be judged according to the real effects of their actions .
Property rights work very well when reality is easily separable , and when the effects of actions are direct , local , concentrated , and falling mainly on the owner and nearby others easy to identify .
But elements of reality are often intertwined in messy ways .
Solid macroscopic objects tend to stay in their stable positions ; but fluids ( liquids and especially gases ) tend to move , and photons and thermal energy tend to flow ; these factors spread and cross legal boundaries unless stopped by some physical barrier .
Externalities are effects of actions of an agent on the property of others ; they can be positive ( like gifts , not forbidden and not obligatory ) or negative .
An aggression is a negative externality .
Diffuse negative externalities are problematic and difficult to regulate .
Many victims could suffer a very small nuisance or loss from the actions of one agent : it might seem ridiculous to consider illegitimate actions that produce such small effects and it would be very costly for each of the victims to demand the agent to stop or to compensate them .
Externalities can become important due to the cumulative and persistent effects of small actions of many agents .
In a clear aggression it is possible and relatively easy to determine who is doing what to whom , who must be stopped or who must compensate whom for what .
In diffuse externalities it can be very difficult to determine and connect agents , actions , effects and receivers of effects .
Since aggressions imply damage , it might be naively considered that it is better to make it a very inclusive notion , so that many losses are avoided .
But accepting that something is an aggression and forbidding it has consequences that might be worse than simply tolerating it .
The more actions are considered illegitimate aggressions , the more use of force is justified .
Costs of the system necessary to detect and punish the aggressors and compensate the victims could exceed its benefits ( always bearing in mind that it is extremely problematic to perform interpersonal comparisons and additions or subtractions of utility or social cost - benefit analysis ) .
It might be better to learn to live with some changing realities — to adapt to them — than to try to avoid them .
Especially because humans are good at adaptation , by means of which they have colonized most of the planet , in very different environmental conditions .
Automatically giving the State the responsibility to deal with diffuse negative externalities can be a huge mistake .
The State is the monopoly of jurisdiction and violence , and it is often illegitimate ( dictators , or even democratic leaders according to anarchists ) , very inefficient and possibly corrupt ( lack of motivation or incentives and lack of knowledge or impossibility of socialism , public choice theory ) .
What is often called market failure is often just the result of inadequate determination of property rights .
Markets are never perfect because human beings are limited in their abilities ; proposing that the State fixes alleged problems that individuals cannot solve freely seems to forget that the State is also made up of humans , and perhaps not the best ones ( bureaucrats are not disinterested angels , and the worst might get to the top ) .
Climate Change
Ethics concerns only human beings : there is no natural duty to preserve the environment , which has no intrinsic value because valuations are products of the mental activity of cognitive emotional agents .
Contamination above certain levels is usually considered an illegitimate aggression because pollutants directly damage human beings and have no beneficial effects .
Climate change is related to the environment but it is very different from contamination .
Anthropogenic climate change might occur due to changes in land use and emission of greenhouse gases .
Changes in land use can alter the reflectivity or albedo of the surface of the planet , and it seems hard to consider them an illegitimate action .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that results from respiration and from burning fossil fuels ; labeling it as a contaminant is an abuse of language , since it is necessary for photosynthesis and it is not toxic .
Some human activities , like growing trees , take carbon dioxide off the atmosphere .
It is extremely difficult to prove specific relationships between human carbon dioxide emissions , local climate changes , and their particular effects .
Climate change , be it global warming or cooling , has multiple possible causes and effects , and the valuation of the effects can be different in different parts of the planet .
Cold regions may welcome warming and lament cooling , warm regions may welcome cooling and lament warming .
Climate - change alarmists seem to be climate reactionaries accepting no change .
There is no optimal climate , and conflicts for the climate 's determination may arise if humans achieve partial control over it .
Even if humans are adapted to the present climate , this does not imply that it would be difficult to adapt to different climates if the changes are not excessive .
" There is no optimal climate , and conflicts for the climate 's determination may arise if humans achieve partial control over it . "
Climate change could happen quickly on a geological scale , but it is slow on a human scale , permitting informed adaptation and planning for the future .
Climate change mitigation policies have certain , huge costs in the present and would provide uncertain , small benefits in the future .
The relatively poor of today would sacrifice to help the relatively rich of tomorrow .
Temperature is not the only phenomenon associated with climate change and it is possibly not the most relevant for human welfare , since humans live in wide ranges of temperature .
Sea level , precipitations , and extreme weather events can be much more important .
Sea level can slowly increase due to global warming , but the process is very slow , so that protections can be prepared and capital amortized if necessary ; freedom of migration can help relocate people whose lands become inhabitable .
Precipitation should in general increase with global warming , although its distribution might change .
And the dependence of extreme weather events on temperature is complex and little known .
For almost all human problems associated with global warming , the influence of climate on them is usually small if compared with other more important factors that can be more easily and efficiently dealt with .
Climate change alarmists seem to ignore relatively simple solutions for the problems they raise .
Humans are proactive , they do not passively submit to natural influences , and the avoidance of climate change is not necessarily the best option .
Fresh water is a problem where there are no property rights , markets and prices for water .
Tropical diseases depend strongly on socioeconomic conditions .
Undeveloped nations are poor mostly due to inadequate social institutions , not because of environmental conditions .
Heat waves can be dealt with by means of proper air conditioning ( and global warming would reduce cold waves and their associated deaths ) .
The extinction of species is mostly due to habitat destruction or invasion by humans ( or direct killing , hunting or fishing ) .
Global warming catastrophists seem to forget other more important and urgent issues which compete for the allocation of the scarce resources demanded for climate - change mitigation .
It is preposterous to declare global warming the worst problem for mankind when there is war , hunger , sickness , and poverty .
For some radical environmentalists and many politicians , climate change is the most important problem for human civilization , and they pretend to speak in the name of all mankind .
But all problems seem to be extreme for them , because they have no notion of relative opportunity costs .
Their moral language imposes duties on citizens who seem to be receiving orders about what they must do and what they must avoid no matter what .
Governments are supposed to be necessary to protect their citizens against aggressions , but they are very incompetent at this task , they often perform their own institutional aggressions by prohibiting perfectly peaceful and voluntary activities ; and now with climate change they seem to consider anthropogenic global warming an illegitimate undesirable action .
Some radicals even try to censor and criminalize dissent from skeptics , deniers , or minimizers .
But thought and speech , even if wrong or false , are never real crimes .
There may be special - interest groups on both sides of the debate fighting for their favorite public policies : not only oil , coal , and nuclear companies , but also heavily subsidized renewables .
While the official mainstream climate science may well be correct , its ignorance regarding economics , political philosophy , and law is huge .
The most important entities for a human being are other human beings ( for the good and for the bad ) , and not the environment .
Humans can be especially damaging when organized politically and inspired by collectivism .
The possible damages of climate change should be compared to the possible damages of governmental bureaucratic intervention and political oppression .
Maybe the whole global - warming scare is an excuse to increase the extension of political power or a distraction from other serious problems .
Social institutions matter most , and they are very wrong now : a huge improvement is possible , and freedom is the answer .
The heir apparent to IBM CEO Sam Palmisano has been arrested and charged with insider trading , as US authorities cracked down on an alleged $ 20 m scheme involving shares in some of the IT industry ’s biggest names .
The case — which the FBI calls the largest hedge - fund insider trading case in US history — has also seen the arrest of an employee at Intel , the world ’s largest chip maker .
Today , the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the US Attorney ’s office in Manhattan filed insider trading charges against six people , including Robert Moffat , senior vice president and general manager of IBM ’s Systems and Technology Group , and Rajiv Goel , director of strategic investments in Intel ’s treasury department .
Moffat had climbed the IBM ladder to the point where he was a prime candidate to succeed Palmisano as CEO .
Court papers say that inside information , including tips from IBM ’s Moffat and Intel ’s Goel , allowed a hedge fund and two private equity firms to unfairly pocket $ 20 m .
One complaint alleges schemes involving shares of Clearwire , Akamai Technologies , PeopleSupport , and Google , while a second complaint alleges similar insider trading in shares of Intel - competitor Advanced Micro Devices , Sun Microsystems , and IBM .
Kerry Lawrence , a lawyer representing IBM ’s Moffat , has told the AP : “ He ’s shocked by the charges . ” IBM declined to comment to The Reg .
Intel confirms with The Reg that Goel is an employee of Intel .
Contrary to other press reports , Goel does not work for Intel Capital , the chip maker ’s investment arm .
Intel tells us that Goel has been placed on leave as the company “ looks into the matter ” .
Company spokesman Chuck Mulloy says
Intel was not aware of the insider trading case before charges were brought down on Goel .
In a statement released today , Preet Bharara , US Attorney for the Southern District of New York , and Joseph Demarest , assistant director - in - charge of the New York Office of the FBI , said that this was not only the largest hedge - fund insider trading case in US history , but that it was the first time court - authorized wiretaps were used to root out insider trading on Wall Street .
Typically , courts authorize wiretaps only after all other means of collecting evidence have been exhausted .
Both complaints involve billionaire Raj Rajaratnam , the founder and managing director of Galleon Management , a $ 7bn New York hedge fund .
Rajaratnam , 52 , of New York City , was ranked number 559 on Forbes magazine ’s most recent list of the world ’s wealthiest billionaires , with a net worth of $ 1.3 billion .
In the first court complaint — which we have uploaded here ( PDF ) — Rajiv Goel , of Intel , and Anil Kumar , a director at management consultancy McKinsey & Co , are named as Rajaratnam co-conspirators in an insider trading scheme that involved longing and shorting stocks between March and October 2008 .
The complaint lists thirteen insider trades , including two Clearwire trades that involved Intel ’s Goel and three AMD trades that involved McKinsey ’s Kumar .
At Intel , the complaint says , Goel , 51 , of Los Altos , California , was privy to information about wireless outfit Clearwire , where the chip giant has invested over $ 1bn .
Kumar , 51 , of Santa Clara , California , the complaint says , did work for the spin - off of AMD 's foundries .
The suit also alleges that Rajratnam and a confidential government witness engaged in insider trading relating to Google , Polycom , and Hilton Hotels that netted Galleon $ 12.7 m .
In exchange for the data Rajratnum received from the confidential witness , Rajratnam passed information on other technology companies .
The complaint goes on to say he executed trades on behalf of Intel 's Goel via a private Charles Schwab account .
In both the first complaint and the second — which you can see here ( PDF ) — AMD 's foundries spin - off plays a prominent role .
In February , AMD spun - off its chip - making business , creating a new company owned by the Abu Dhabi - backed Advanced Technology Investment Company .
ATIC also partners with IBM in developing up chip - making technologies .
According to court papers , both McKinsey ’s Kumar and IBM ’s Moffat shared insider information involving the AMD spin - off , now called GlobalFoundries .
Kumar passed information to Rajratnam , the papers say , and Moffat discussed secrets with Danielle Chiesi , an employee at New Castle Funds , formerly the equity hedge fund group of Bear Stearns .
Rajratnum was also in touch with Chiesi , the papers say , even though they worked for different funds .
According to the complaints , both were involved in insider trades .
As of Friday afternoon , Danielle Chiesi , 43 , of New York City , was the fourth most popular search on Google , one slot higher than IBM ’s Bob Moffat ( though two steps below Raj Rajaratnam ) .
Moffat , 53 , of Ridgefield , Connecticut , is accused of giving Chiesi private information about the AMD spin - off , IBM ’s quarterly earnings , and Sun Microsystems ’ quarterly earnings during the time when Big Blue was working to acquire Sun .
Wiretap transcripts in the complaints include discussions between Chiesi and Rajaratnam .
“ I do n't want anybody else to make money on this but us , ’cuz I do n't want to get into trouble for a lot of reasons , ” Chiesi allegedly said to Rajaratnam after obtaining information from Moffat .
“ If it leaks , I think I ’m out of business … Because … who knows IBM ?
And who , who ’s in bed with AMD ?
Put Danielle ’s name on the fuckin’ ticket . ”
The complaint goes on to detail additional discussions between Chiesi and Rajaratnam in which the two wondered whether Moffat might move to a different technology company .
“ Put him in some company where we can trade well , ” Rajaratnam allegedly said .
According to court papers , Chiesi replied : “ I know , I know .
I ’m thinking that , too .
Or just keep him at IBM , you know , because this guy is giving me more information .…
I ’d like to keep him at IBM right now because that ’s a very powerful place for him .
For us , too . ”
The court papers then have Rajaratnam saying “ Only if he becomes CEO , ” before Chiesi replies : “ Well , not really .
I mean , come on … you know , we nailed it . ”
Chiesi , Rajaratnam , and Moffat were charged with three counts of conspiracy .
Chiesi and Rajaratnam were also charged with three counts of securities fraud .
Additionally , Chiesi was charged with one count for selling Akamai short and two for buying AMD stock ahead of the foundries spin- off .
Moffat , Chiesi , and Mark Kurland , another executive at New Castle , were also charged with insider trading based on data Moffat was passing on to Chiesi concerning IBM ’s revenues and profits ahead of when the numbers went public in late 2008 and early 2009 .
According to court papers , insider trading in Sun shares based on information from Moffat was done in early 2009 , after IBM had begun its negotiations with Sun to acquire it and before those negotiations became public . ®
Friday , November 13 , 2009
Wikinews interviewed author Marc Headley about his new book Blown for Good , and asked him about life inside the international headquarters of Scientology known as " Gold Base " , located in Gilman Hot Springs near Hemet , California .
Headley joined the organization at age seven when his mother became a member , and worked at Scientology 's international management headquarters for several years before leaving in 2005 .
Background
Blown for Good was released November 5 , and is available at www.blownforgood.com.
Headley worked as an employee of Scientology for 15 years .
While an employee of the Scientology headquarters located in Riverside County , California , Headley had the experience of practicing Scientology counseling services called " auditing " with Scientologist Tom Cruise , shortly after the actor had completed work on the film Days of Thunder .
In 1990 , Cruise was training to become proficient in the Scientology auditing techniques , and Headley was selected to become the actor 's auditing partner .
Cruise and Headley worked together for three weeks , while the actor was practicing his Scientology techniques known as the " Upper Indoctrination Training Routines " .
Headley says he was chosen to work with Cruise because he was a young staff member who was less likely to leave and discuss the actor 's Scientology experiences with the media .
The book provides details of what life was like for the author inside the organization 's headquarters .
The inner flap of the book includes a map of the " International Headquarters of Scientology ; Gilman Hot Springs , California " .
Headley writes that under the direction of Scientology leader David Miscavige , employees who signed billion - year contracts routinely put in 100 - hour weeks of work for minimal pay .
According to Headley , possible discipline faced by the Scientology employees for perceived mistakes included being separated from family as part of the Scientology policy of " disconnection " , being declared a " suppressive person " , or being sent to the " Rehabilitation Project Force " , a program where Scientologists were assigned harsh labor .
Headley 's tasks while working at the Scientology compound Gold Base included dealing with audiovisual equipment used for organization presentations and speeches by Miscavige , and supervising production of thousands of audiotapes of lectures given by Scientology 's founder L. Ron Hubbard .
From 1989 to 2005
Headley worked at the Scientology film production studio on scripts for movies which would be used to instruct new members of the organization on its practices .
He faced repercussions from Miscavige if he could not meet production quotas .
Headley asserts that he was physically abused by Miscavige , a claim made previously by other former Scientology officials in a series of investigative articles published in the St. Petersburg Times .
The book gives background on a 9 - minute long video of Tom Cruise , leaked to the Internet in January 2008 , that featured the actor discussing his views on Scientology .
The Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove the leaked video from the Internet motivated the group Anonymous to focus its efforts against the organization .
Headley writes that initially the promotional video about Cruise was supposed to feature celebrities including Will Smith speaking about the actor , but Miscavige instead insisted Cruise should simply talk about himself .
According to Headley , Scientology employees were made to watch videos of Cruise which had been spliced together from the actor 's appearances in the media .
Headley describes a form of Miscavige 's management previously related in the St. Petersburg Times , where the Scientology leader made his staff play musical chairs to the Queen song " Bohemian Rhapsody " .
Miscavige told 70 Scientology executives that they were to compete for chairs , and that only the last individual left after several rounds would remain at the compound , while the other executives would be assigned to remote locations .
After a dramatic competition with multiple staffers in tears that they would be separated from their families , Miscavige stated no one would be removed from the compound .
In 2005 , Headley left the Scientology compound in Hemet on a motorcycle , and fell off his vehicle after being chased by Scientology security guards .
Riverside County police helped Headley escape from the Scientology security .
Headley traveled to Kansas City to meet his father .
He was later joined by his wife Claire who had also worked at the Gold Base compound .
Headley filed suit against Scientology in January 2009 .
In the legal case , he asserts that Scientology violated United States labor law with regard to his treatment while an employee of the organization .
Headley and his lawyer Barry Van Sickle succeeded against attempts by the organization to get the suit dismissed .
Headley 's lawsuit is set to begin in U.S. federal court in November 2010 .
American talk radio hosts John Kobylt and Ken Chiampou discussed the book on the November 4 edition of their program The John and Ken Show on KFI .
" This is , the Scientology cult , is I guarantee you , a thousand times more bizarre than you could have ever imagined .
And what these celebrities do , like Tom Cruise , is a thousand times more strange than you could ever imagine .
I have never read about behavior like this in my life , I can't imagine it .
It 's really weird , " commented one of the hosts about material revealed by Headley in the book .
Headley writes in the book that he started to question his involvement in Scientology when secretly listening to The John and Ken Show and watching Conan O'Brien make fun of Scientology celebrities .
The National Enquirer reported on the release of Blown for Good , calling it an " explosive new book " .
The Editor in chief of The Village Voice , Tony Ortega , reviewed the book , and characterized it as a " remarkable account " .
" Headley 's book also provides stunning material that has rarely been collected in one place , even with the Internet 's deep resources on L. Ron Hubbard 's strange creation .
Headley 's story provides a damning account of life working for Scientology leader David Miscavige at the secretive desert base " , wrote Ortega in the review .
He commented , " Perhaps the best service that Headley provides with Blown for Good is giving non-Scientologists the sense of what it 's really like to work , day in and day out , in such a strange organization , from the lowliest laborer mucking out excrement in a Gold Base pond ( Headley says shit was coming out of his ears and pores for days ) to what kind of luxuries the celebrities and high - ranking members enjoy . "
Interview
(( Wikinews ) )
The foreword to Blown for Good is by Mark Rathbun , a former high - ranking Scientology official and recent critic who has gone public with statements that Scientology 's leader David Miscavige has been physically abusive towards organization staff members .
Rathbun notes that he almost emailed you to suggest someone else write the foreword , commenting , " his views of some of Scientology founder Hubbard 's writings and my views differed greatly . "
( L. Ron Hubbard was the founder of Scientology . )
How do your views differ from Rathbun's ?
Why did you select Mark Rathbun to write the foreword to your book ?
Marc Headley :
While I respect the right for people to believe whatever they want , I myself do not believe that L. Ron Hubbard did anything besides take what other people had already written and revised or repacked it for his own use .
In terms of the space aliens and earth people being inhabited by alien souls held captive in volcanoes from 75 million years ago – 75 million years is a long time to go without visiting , calling or just generally staying in touch .
If they had the technology to travel from their own galaxy in spaceships that resembled DC - 10’s and drop off millions of beings here , you think they would have come back a few times to check in on these guys .
What ’s up with that ?
While I can respect other people ’s beliefs and I mean no disrespect to any other faiths , I am more likely to subscribe to the 72 virgins philosophy than the idea that I or anyone should drop a huge amount of cash to rid myself of rogue space aliens squatting within my soul .
I asked Mark Rathbun to do the foreword for a few different reasons .
The first being that he was one of the few people that was there for pretty much the entire time period I worked at the international headquarters .
He witnessed and was privy to many of the things that I write about in the book .
While we do not subscribe to the same ideas on what is wrong or right about Scientology , we both agree on the truth of what happened where we worked .
He also has the respect of many current and former employees / members of organized Scientology who knew him as a high ranking official within the organization , and his endorsement of the book will do a lot to expose the abuse and false information within their ranks internationally .
(( WN ) )
You write in the " Author 's note " preface to the book that it took you over a year after leaving to be able to begin to speak publicly about your experiences in Scientology .
What was that year - long process like ?
What experiences did you have that helped you come to the decision that you wanted to speak publicly about Scientology ?
As an employee of Scientology for 15 years , we were indoctrinated with the concept that people outside of Scientology were criminals , drug addicts and sexual deviants in need of salvation and rescue by Scientology .
— Marc Headley
MH : I think that living in the real world , with absolutely no ties or communication with the Scientology world I lived in from the age of 7 , was the best thing I could do to decompress and brought me to realize what was actually occurring in the world around me .
As an employee of Scientology for 15 years , we were indoctrinated with the concept that people outside of Scientology were criminals , drug addicts and sexual deviants in need of salvation and rescue by Scientology .
The overriding goal of ALL Scientologists is to “ Clear the planet and make everyone in the entire world into a Scientologist ” .
After I left and was interacting with everyday people , I realized that not one single person in the real world treated me as bad as the “ nicest ” person in Scientology !
People in the real world were nice , helpful and supportive of me and were very happy to be my friends and fellow associates .
(( WN ) )
You also write in the preface that your intention of publishing your experiences was to help readers , " avoid falling prey to any organization that might attempt to perpetrate similar abuses against them or someone they love in the future . "
What specific types of abuses are you referring to ?
Do you see commonalities between Scientology and other organizations ?
If so , which organizations , and what common characteristics do they share ?
MH : From what I have read and studied , Scientology is not the only group that uses coercion or heavy handed tactics to convince their members or staff to do things against their will .
If people are aware of their rights and that they cannot sign them away , groups or cults that practice this will have less of a chance at succeeding .
When asked to compare what I experienced at the headquarters of Scientology , the only thing that I could liken it to would be what I would imagine that people living behind the Iron Curtain felt .
No disrespect to anyone who had to go through that experience , but those people had little choice in the matter and escape could be not only dangerous but fatal .
That wall was torn down 20 years ago .
I can only hope that it does not take 20 years to tear down the iron curtain that exists in Gilman Hot Springs , California .
(( WN ) )
The book begins with an account of your experience leaving Scientology 's Gold Base facility on January 5 , 2005 .
Did you suffer any injuries as a result of this ordeal ?
Have you had any further communications with the police that assisted you that day ?
MH : Well , I think that when I was run off the road by the Scientology Security personnel , I had so much adrenaline pumping that even if I had sustained any minor injuries , I was willing to just do whatever I had to in order to successfully escape their control .
(( WN ) )
Upon your arrival at the international headquarters of Scientology , you recount how you were given a course where you were instructed that no one was allowed to tell family , friends , or other Scientology staff members that Scientology 's " Int Base " was located in Hemet , California ( p. 91 ) .
Further , you write that no one outside the facility was to know that Scientology international management was located there .
Do you know if this is still the case , or has current practice changed with regard to what outsiders are allowed to know about Gold Base ?
MH : As far as I know , no internal policies have changed since I have left .
(( WN ) )
Another one of the instructions you write that you received upon arrival at Gold Base was that all outgoing mail would be read by Scientology security staff .
Did this apply to incoming mail as well ?
MH : Yes , ALL OUTGOING and INCOMING mail is not only logged , but also opened , checked and read by security personnel .
Additionally , bank records or credit card information is culled for account numbers , and personal data or information that would be useful to track the person should they decide to leave the compound is kept on file and regularly updated .
(( WN ) )
Do you know whether or not this practice is in compliance with United States federal law regarding delivery of mail to its intended recipient ?
MH : As far as I know , it is a federal offense to tamper with a person ’s mail .
The only place I know that mail can be checked like that is State or Federal prisons .
(( WN ) )
According to your account of those that live on Gold Base itself ( p. 138 ) , the facility 's residents included David Miscavige , three other high - ranking officials in the organization , security guards , and other residents , totaling 14 people excluding the security guards .
Are you aware that Scientology requested the since - passed Ordinance 884 in Riverside County , California , specifically to restrict protesters away from residential property - and claimed that Golden Era Productions is such a property ?
You write in the book that the majority of Gold Base employees actually live offsite in apartments .
Do you know how many individuals currently reside on Gold Base itself ?
MH : During the entire 15 years that I was there it was always the plan of Scientology officials to have ALL Int Base staff live on the property in communal housing .
As far I know , these buildings have now been built and all employees that work at the Int Base also now live there , limiting not only their contact with the outside world but chances of ever escaping the facility .
In fact , one of the reasons construction of these buildings was considered a priority while I was there was just that – keeping the staff housed on the property makes it that much harder for them to escape .
(( WN ) )
Is Scientology 's characterization from the Ordinance 884 proceedings , describing Gold Base as residential and containing private homes , appropriate in nature ?
Ordinance 884 is intended to keep protesters more than 50 feet away from property lines of residences .
Are there residential housing buildings within 50 feet inside the property lines of Gold Base ?
MH : I have never measured it out , but most of the housing that exists on the property is located in the “ berthing buildings ” section of the property .
From what I remember these buildings are at least 100 feet or more from the highway .
There [ are ] main production buildings located directly next to the highway all along the property lines .
During my 15 years working there I spent many a night sleeping on the floor in my office and witnessed many others doing the same or sleeping under their desks for a few hours each night .
Maybe that qualifies those buildings as “ housing ” based on that .
(( WN ) )
The book 's title is a reference to the Scientology term to " blow " , defined in the glossary of the book as " any unauthorized departure from any Scientology organization . "
What steps are taken once the individual who had decided to leave is located ?
Has physical force been used in the past to bring individuals back ?
What other means have been used to attempt to bring people back to the organization ?
MH : I would say that a very large percentage of staff that blow are recovered or at least a recovery is attempted .
I know of many other staff that were restrained from leaving , or assaulted when being recovered or thrown into vehicles and brought back to the compound against their will .
Stories that corroborate this are all over the internet and many people have spoken out against this abuse .
Unfortunately , for most people the fear that they have of the Scientology organization takes years to wear off and by the time people come forward , it is too late , legally , for anything to be done about it by law enforcement .
(( WN ) )
You describe an elaborate scheme to get your wife Claire to join you , after she informed you that she wished to leave Gold Base ( p. 322-25 ) .
This plan included avoiding use of phones known to Scientology , calling for a taxi under a different name , and calling friends from pay phones .
Would it not have simply been easier for her to have contacted the local police for assistance , as they had done previously with you ?
To put it more simply - why the need for individuals who wish to leave Gold Base to orchestrate an escape to plan how they will " blow " ?
Could they not simply call the police using a phone , either from the facility itself or elsewhere , and request assistance to leave the organization ?
... they would restrict you to the property with a personal security guard assigned , put you on heavy manual labor , subject you to months or years of interrogation and ultimately declare you a suppressive person anyway ... — Marc Headley
MH : When you are in that world , you are indoctrinated into believing that the worst thing you could do would be to get law enforcement involved .
The Scientology organization has been doing this for years .
Any stories about abuse , being held against one ’s will or anything else that goes on there would be met with declarations and affidavits from a hundred people that nothing ever happened .
And then after that , they would restrict you to the property with a personal security guard assigned , put you on heavy manual labor , subject you to months or years of interrogation and ultimately declare you a suppressive person anyway and throw you out on your ass .
Think WestWorld meets 1984 meets The Truman Show .
More practically , it is well known to staff on the property that Security has a police scanner in the main security booth .
So they would be alerted to the situation before the police even showed up , and would rapidly concoct a diversion to ensure the staff member did not escape .
In the 15 years I was there , I knew and heard of hundreds of different ways staff attempted to escape .
Not once did I hear of someone calling 911 and escaping .
Most staff did not have open access to a phone .
All base phones were for internal use only , and to call an external number you had to be patched through by the Receptionist , who would only do so if you had authorization .
(( WN ) )
Do you know if individuals are being held at Gold Base against their will ?
What do you think would happen if individuals at Gold Base who wanted to leave - simply asked to be allowed to do so ?
MH : At one point in the book , this happened .
People were asked if they wanted to leave , several people decided to take the offer .
After lengthy interrogations and with lengthy legal documents signed with promises never to expose what occurred at the compound , they were allowed to leave with restrictions .
(( WN ) )
You describe your experience in the book of receiving Scientology auditing from Tom Cruise ( p. 111-15 ) .
You note that after your auditing with Cruise had completed a few months later , you were " watched over " to make sure " out - tech " had not occurred that your auditor could have been responsible for .
What is " out - tech " , and what would have happened if this was recognized to have occurred ?
If I were to get into an accident of any kind , this would be investigated and all counseling records would be reviewed to determine if any processes or procedures were done incorrectly .
This commonly occurs when scientologists become ill , get in a car accident or in the worst cases , die .
“ Out tech ” is their reference to some considered violation of procedure , resulting in the person doing worse after counseling .
I am sure that it is becoming harder and harder to field and answer questions regarding the criminal activities occurring within the Scientology world .
— Marc Headley
(( WN ) )
Scientology has received quite a bit of attention in the media recently , from allegations of violence levied against David Miscavige by high - ranking former officials , to spokesman Tommy Davis abruptly leaving an interview with Martin Bashir on ABC News when the Xenu story was mentioned , to Scientology 's conviction of fraud in France , and the defection of Academy Award - winning film director Paul Haggis .
Do you think Tom Cruise is aware of these developments ?
What about other celebrity Scientologists , for example John Travolta or Kirstie Alley ?
Do you think these issues will affect the perceptions of celebrity Scientologists towards the organization ?
Why or why not ?
MH : While it is hard to say what these people do or do not know , I am sure that it is becoming harder and harder to field and answer questions regarding the criminal activities occurring within the Scientology world .
(( WN ) )
In a postcript , " More books by Marc Morgan Headley " , you write " Since escaping in 2005 , both Marc and his wife Claire have been heavily " fair gamed " by Scientology and many attempts have been made to keep them from speaking out in regards to their experiences at the Int Base . "
" Fair Game " is a Scientology policy written by founder L.Ron Hubbard that states individuals declared " Suppressive Person " by the organization , " May be deprived of property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline of the Scientologist .
May be tricked , sued or lied to or destroyed . "
A Piece of Blue Sky author Jon Atack noted that in its appeal of the case Wollersheim v. Church of Scientology of California , " Scientology asserted that ' fair game ' was a ' core practice of Scientology ' , and therefore protected as ' religious expression ' . "
What do you mean when you write in the book that you and your wife have been " fair gamed " by Scientology " ?
What actions has the organization taken to attempt to prevent you from speaking about your experiences at Gold Base ?
How have you and your wife dealt with this ?
Marc Headley at conference on Scientology in Germany ( September 4 , 2008 )
MH : I have had private investigators camped outside my place of residence , follow me to the grocery store , follow me when I ’m dropping off my kids at school .
I have had private investigators camped outside my place of residence , follow me to the grocery store , follow me when I ’m dropping off my kids at school .
— Marc Headley
Scientology officials have held meetings with my friends , family and employees and spread lies about me , my wife and our activities .
Ex-members have been threatened with disconnection from their immediate family if they had any contact with me .
People that I knew that were already declared suppressive were offered to have their declares canceled if they turned over any information that would be helpful with blacklisting me or ruining my credibility or ability to work or make money .
One of my oldest friends ( who is also a declared Suppressive Person by Scientology ) was offered a “ deal ” by Tommy Davis to be allowed to speak with his family again if he were to provide any information or details about my current life that could be used against me in my current legal case against Scientology .
When they doctored a declaration from him and he refused to sign it , they canceled the deal with him , but still attempted to use the bogus declaration in legal proceedings with me .
Child Protective Services were given a random phone call “ tip ” that my two children were being endangered and had to do a mandatory inspection at our house .
The agent told us they had investigated the “ tip ” , that it was clearly false and advised us to be very careful as someone was obviously trying to create trouble for us .
Scientology management has even gone so far as to inform Scientology members that use FaceBook or MySpace social networking sites to spread false information to anyone listed as my friends and instruct them that they should “ disconnect ” from me .
Private Investigators tracked down and contacted persons that my wife had talked to and the broker she worked under in Real Estate and accused my wife of falsifying loan documents on someone she never did a loan for .
When I traveled to Germany to speak to government officials regarding Scientology ’s abuses in the United State and abroad , Private Investigators banged on the door of my house early in the morning when my wife was alone with our children and harassed her , saying they ’d [ been ] sent by Scientology .
During that same trip , private investigators showed up at my company warehouse and gave my employees false propaganda printed up by Scientology regarding me being an “ anti-religious extremist ” .
If I were to list everything else that I have experienced with Scientology in regards to Fair Game , this site would possibly need to upgrade their storage capacity !
(( WN ) )
Are there any other points regarding Blown for Good or your experiences that you would like to elaborate or explain ?
I want to make sure that people know that the more people that speak out , the more that these things will be dealt with .
— Marc Headley
I want to make sure that people know that the more people that speak out , the more that these things will be dealt with .
The Scientology organization compares itself to other religions all the time .
They state that they expect to be treated like other religions .
Most mainstream religions in all countries of the world support the living wage or minimum wage for their employees and workers and publicly state this .
If organized Scientology wants to be treated like other religions , they should cease the human rights abuses and take a hint from other groups and pay their employees for the work they perform .
Maybe then , people would be able to LEAVE if they wanted to and not have the burden of being without family members , resources or the ability to buy a meal should they decide to terminate their employment with Scientology .
(( WN ) ) Mr. Headley , thank you for taking the time to participate in this interview with Wikinews .
Related news
Sources
My local supermarket has quite a magazine selection .
Every category of interest has numerous titles , and the section on guns must have twenty different monthly periodicals , each thicker than Time , Newsweek , or US News and World Report .
There are obviously a lot of different opinions about guns .
To me , the main gun in one ’s battery is a semi-automatic pistol , preferably with a fairly large magazine , in a common caliber and here ’s why :
Even if state - inspired order breaks down , the state will remain .
Unless I wear a uniform and work for the residual state , being visibly armed will be an invitation to trouble with what " law " lingers .
Walking down the street with a rifle will not be an option for " civilians " and will still upset the neighbors .
If limited to one gun , only the pistol can serve both at home and away .
Whether pursued while driving or accosted by three or more assailants , reloading is a two - handed , manual - dexterity luxury I might not enjoy .
Starting out with more ammunition increases the chances that I reach the end of the fray without calling " time out " to reload .
A 9 mm pistol like a Glock 19 is simple to use , reliable , launches a projectile that is arguably effective ( hence all the argument about it ) , and can be kept in various states of employability based on safety considerations .
Boston ’s Gun Bible Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 18.51 Buy New $ 174.95 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
While I believe it is essential to teach young children about gun safety , I would still never leave a gun with a loaded magazine and loaded chamber sitting around in reach of anyone .
A semi-auto pistol can be kept several ways :
With a loaded chamber and a loaded magazine in place .
( I ’m not fond of this unless the gun is physically on my person with its trigger covered by a rigid part of a rigid holster ) .
If a revolver is chosen and kept with cartridges in its cylinder , this is the condition that it maintains all the time ; press the trigger , the weapon goes " bang . "
Given the ubiquity of television " instruction , " everyone above the age of 12 months is potentially prone to picking up a gun and pulling the trigger without thinking .
Thanks , but no thanks .
Loaded magazine in the pistol , chamber empty .
In this condition the slide must be retracted and released before the gun can go " bang . "
This seems like a relatively safe way to maintain a gun that is not accessible to anyone else , and is a good way to store a home defense gun since even if I wake up in the middle of the night , I must reach an awake - enough state to chamber a cartridge before I can discern a threat and act appropriately .
An added bonus is that very small children generally lack the physical strength to rack the slide to chamber a round , and so it yields another layer of safety in case barriers to access break down .
Loaded magazine physically separate from the pistol , chamber empty .
This is the safest way to store a firearm , presupposing that the weapon itself is kept in a fast - access lockbox like a Gunvault ( something I highly recommend , try Amazon or eBay ) .
This also requires the most coordination to employ the pistol , so I consider it to be less than ideal unless curious children ( or irresponsible adults ) who resist gun safety training are unavoidably present .
The equivalent condition with a revolver would be to separately store a loaded speedloader which holds the cartridges in the same geometry as the revolver ’s cylinder , but this requires even more coordination than stuffing a magazine into a semi-auto .
Armed Response : A Comp ... David Kenik Best Price : $ 1.23 Buy New $ 6.99 ( as of 11:40 EST - Details )
The main trade - off is that irresponsible people who fail to observe basic safety rules are more prone to negligent discharges with semi-autos , mostly because they remove the magazine and forget that the chamber may still be loaded … and press the trigger .
The weapon is not unloaded until the magazine is removed , the slide retracted , the chamber visually inspected to verify no cartridge is present , the slide is locked open ( if possible ) and even then at no time should the muzzle of the gun ever , like a flashlight beam , " sweep " across any person or part of a person including you .
There are no gun accidents , only mistakes .
Gun mistakes , like car mistakes , are potentially catastrophic .
Just ask Plaxico Burress .
There are over a dozen semi-auto pistol makers today producing both classic designs like the 1911 and products unique to their line , including Beretta , Colt , Glock , Kimber , Para - Ordnance , Sig , Kahr , Kel - Tec , Browning , Smith & Wesson , Ruger , Springfield , Taurus , and CZ , to name but a few .
We are truly blessed to have such a cornucopia of genius from which to choose , and no one model is ideal for every person .
Revolutionary Language Calderwood , David C. Best Price : $ 4.48 Buy New $ 13.27 ( as of 03:45 EST - Details )
Each is a compromise of one sort or another .
To me , the ubiquitous Glock 19 9 mm Luger pistol is light , durable , reliable , easy to disassemble , can accept high capacity magazines ( yielding from 15 to as many as 33 shots without a reload ) , and its trigger requires a very definite press to make it fire , helpful in avoiding mistaken discharges but harder for me to shoot with accuracy .
A typical 1911 - style pistol is chambered in 45 ACP caliber , holds fewer rounds in a magazine and is much heavier , but points much more naturally ; if I grab one and point , the sights almost perfectly line up on target .
The standard single - action 1911 ’s light , short trigger greatly aids my accuracy but makes it even more essential to keep my finger outside the trigger guard , away from the trigger until the need to fire is immediate .
The polymer - framed high - capacity pistol typified by the Glock is light but fat , the typical 1911 heavy but skinny and easier to grip .
[ For more on properly gripping a pistol , an excellent video is here . ]
It ’s just my opinion , though .
I think that any quality semi-auto would serve me well .
The rest is just personal preference .
The confusion of conflicting opinions about guns constitutes a jargon - filled obstacle course , but like learning the piano , getting through the scales is unavoidable if you want to play .
David Calderwood [ send him mail ] a businessman , artist , and author of the novel Revolutionary Language , selected January 2000 Freedom Book of the Month at Free - market .
net .
The Best of David Calderwood
The Best of David Calderwood
Welcome to my website bigmovingstocks.com .
On this website i will list the stocks that have been the best buys during the last 15 years .
Here you will find past , present and future rockets that can earn you a lot of money .
Buying stocks that have done well during the last 10 years does not guarantee success for the future .
You should always be looking for stocks that offer good prospects for the future regardless of their past .
Remember that the stocks that are most likely to be the next rocket will usually be associated with a lot of risk .
You should therefore only invest a small part of your portfolio in shares you think might become the next rocket .
It is very risky to invest a lot of money in future rockets since many of the potential rockets implode on the launchpad and cost their investors a lot of money .
The Best stocks during the last 10 years
Many of the stocks on this list have been very volatile during their rise and have therefore been good choices both for those focusing on day trading stocks and for long term investors .
Rank Company 10 year gain 1 +5,498.63 % 2 +5,056.28 % 3 +4,908.00 % 4 +3,195.24 % 5 +3,128.37 % 6 +3,082.55 % 7 +3,043.28 % 8 +2,730.24 % 9 +2,233.52 % 15 +1,440.76 %
Investing in stocks
Stocks have been the best investment during the last century and will remain so for a long time to come .
The best way to built a small fortune is to invest in good strong companies that offer a good dividend to their owners .
Developing stocks like the ones above can give you a very high return but I firmly believe that the bulk of any portfolio should be invested in more matures companies with established sales and revenue .
Good dividend stocks will give you a stable return as well a a yearly divined that you can use to buy new shares or to pay your day to day expenses .
Do not try to be to smart when you invest .
It is impossible to consistently pick the best stocks .
It is also impossible to consistently hit the tops and the lows .
Invest using a long term strategy and ignore the daily movements on the stock market .
You will need to be willing to spend a lot of time analyzing the stock market if you want to try to predict and profit from all movements .
It is not worth the effort for most traders .
It is also important that you do not get to greedy .
This is true when you invest in stock , warrants , bonds , CFD:s , binary options and all other financial instruments .
Any stock or binary options trader will tell you that you are very likely to lose a lot of money if you start chasing larger profits .
Stay patient and let the profits come to you .
Robin Hood – Free Trading
Robin hood is a American company that allow you to trade stocks for free through your cell phone .
They do not charge any commission and is ideal for people that want to build a diverse portfolio even though they have limited funds .
Robin
Hood makes it possible to buy a single share of a company .
Something that is very cost ineffective in companies that charge a commission .
If you trade using a company that charge you a commission you often have to make larger transaction to be able to money .
If you do not the commission eats up too much of your potential profits .
Robin hood earn their money from the interest rate they can earn on your liquid funds that you deposited to your account .
The company is well funded and is about the expand to Europe .
Other financial instruments
You will often see advertising online and magazines that promotes investments that offer many times the return that you can expect to get when you invest in stocks .
Forex trading and binary options are two examples of such investments .
Almost all investments of this type are very risky and do not suit the long term investor .
They are more suitable for short time speculation .
Lets look at the two examples above .
When ever you buy a binary option you risk losing your entire investment .
There are only two outcomes .
You earn about 90 % or you loose your entire investment .
You can usually not close you position early .
Forex investment are even more risky since you can loose an infinite amount of money .
You can loose more than your investment , more than you deposited to your account .
We recommend that you stick to low and moderate risk stock investment with a good dividend strategy instead of getting lured into more exotic investments .
My introduction to the magazine Caijing came while I was researching this recent piece about our economic relationship with China .
It 's probably the most influential Chinese business magazine and has become a prominent sign of the regime 's tolerance of criticism on the economic front .
( See my piece for more on that if you 're interested . )
Anyway , it sounds like we may be at a bit of a crossroads in the life of the magazine -- and also the broader policy of allowing this form of government scrutiny .
From Tuesday 's Times :
Caijing , a respected Chinese business magazine , has been thrown into turmoil after a dispute over its editorial policy and business governance led to the resignation of 11 high - ranking executives and nearly 70 other workers from the business staff , according to people close to the magazine .
The magazine ’s general manager , its top advertising executive and the head of its conference unit are among those who have submitted resignation letters .
And Hu Shuli , considered the most powerful business editor in China , may be forced to resign from the magazine , which is based in Beijing .
The dispute threatens to dismantle one of the country ’s leading media properties , a thriving magazine published twice a month that specializes in investigating government corruption and corporate fraud .
Caijing also has partnerships with The Wall Street Journal and Reuters .
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said Tuesday that the FBI is not legally entitled to remotely activate the system and secretly use it to snoop on passengers , because doing so would render it inoperable during an emergency .
In a split 2 - 1 rulingthe majority wrote that " the company could not assist the FBI without disabling the system in the monitored car " and said a district judge was wrong to have granted the FBI its request for surreptitious monitoring .
The court did not reveal which brand of remote - assistance product was being used but did say it involved " luxury cars " and , in a footnote , mentioned Cadillac , which sells General Motors '
OnStar technology in all current models .
After learning that the unnamed system could be remotely activated to eavesdrop on conversations after a car was reported stolen , the FBI realized it would be useful for " bugging " a vehicle , Judges Marsha Berzon and John Noonan said .
When FBI agents remotely activated the system and were listening in , passengers in the vehicle could not tell that their conversations were being monitored .
After " vehicle recovery mode " was disabled , the court said , passengers were notified by the radio displaying an alert and , if the radio was not on , the system beeping .
David Sobel , general counsel at the Electronic Privacy Information Center , called the court 's decision " a pyrrhic victory " for privacy .
" The problem ( the court had ) with the surveillance was not based on privacy grounds at all , " Sobel said .
" It was more interfering with the contractual relationship between the service provider and the customer , to the point that the service was being interrupted .
If the surveillance was done in a way that was seamless and undetectable , the court would have no problem with it . "
Under current law , the court said , companies may only be ordered to comply with wiretaps when the order would cause a " minimum of interference . "
After the system 's spy capabilities were activated , " pressing the emergency button and activation of the car 's airbags , instead of automatically contacting the company , would simply emit a tone over the already open phone line , " the majority said , concluding that a wiretap would create substantial interference .
" The FBI , however well - intentioned , is not in the business of providing emergency road services and might well have better things to do when listening in than respond with such services to the electronic signal sent over the line , " the majority said .
In a dissent , Judge Richard Tallman argued that a wiretap would not create unnecessary interference with emergency service and noted that " there is no evidence that any service disruption actually occurred .
The record does not indicate that the subjects of the surveillance tried to use the system while the FBI was listening .
One cannot disrupt a service unless and until it is being utilized .
" The record indicates that the only method of executing the intercept order in this case involved activating the car 's microphone and transferring the car 's cellular telephone link to the FBI .
This conduct might have amounted to a service disruption , had the subjects of the surveillance attempted to use the system , but there is no evidence that they did . "
The majority did point out that the FBI cannot order the system to be changed so that the emergency functions would work during surveillance .
Congress ordered telephone companies to do just that in the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act , but current law does not " require that the company redesign its system to facilitate surveillance by law enforcement . "
General Motors did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday .
Its OnStar privacy policy says : " OnStar may disclose personal information if required to do so by law on ( sic ) in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the legal process ...
OnStar cannot accept any responsibility for accidental or inadvertent disclosure , unauthorized access or for other disclosure as required by law or described in this policy . "
The decision is binding only in California , Oregon , Nevada , Washington , Hawaii , and other states that fall within the 9th Circuit 's jurisdiction .
No other appeals court appears to have ruled on the matter .
Posted by ESPN.com ’s Bill Williamson
There is no more pressing on - field issue in the AFC West than what is happening in Oakland .
Actually , it ’s all about what ’s not happening in Oakland .
JaMarcus Russell is not getting better .
That ’s a big problem for the Raiders .
“ Really , he ’s getting worse , ” Scouts Inc. ’s Matt Williamson said .
In a pivotal season , the No. 1 overall pick in the 2007 draft is struggling mightily .
The Raiders hoped and expected Russell would make week - by - week improvement , but the opposite is happening .
In the opener against San Diego , he threw for 208 yards .
In Week 2 at Kansas City , he passed for 109 yards and then he bottomed out at 61 yards against Denver as Oakland fell to 1 - 2 .
Russell ’s passer rating is 39.8 -- the worst in the NFL .
But Russell 's numbers are n’t just bad .
They ’re historically bad .
According to ESPN ’s Stats & Information , Russell ’s passer rating is the second lowest by a quarterback who played in his team ’s first three games of a season this decade ( minimum 60 attempts ) .
The only quarterback in the past 10 years who had a lower rating through three games with at least 60 attempts was Ryan Leaf in 2000 .
( Ouch . Ryan Leaf .
Russell is entering the Leaf zone .
The Leaf comparison is certainly not what Oakland was aiming for when this year began . )
The numbers only get worse .
Russell has completed just 41.3 percent of his passes .
He had 35 incompletions in the first two games of the season .
According to ESPN ’s Stats & Information , Russell 's completion percentage through three games is the fourth lowest by a quarterback who played in his team ’s first three games of a season in the last 25 seasons ( minimum 60 attempts ) .
The only quarterbacks with at least 60 attempts who had lower completion percentages through three games over that span are John Fourcade in 1990 , Akili Smith in 2000 and David Carr in 2002 .
Leaf .
Smith .
Carr .
Get the picture ?
Russell is matching numbers with some of the great quarterback busts of our time .
It may be premature to categorize Russell as an official bust .
However , he may be wise to shop for property in Bustville .
His time is running out .
What ’s most bothersome about Russell is that he has failed to make virtually any improvements since he entered the NFL .
The same questions remain .
When he entered the league , the strong - armed , massive Russell was said to have all the measurables .
Before the 2007 draft , Oakland owner Al Davis compared Russell to John Elway .
But Russell was far from a finished product .
He needed to work on his accuracy , his footwork , his penchant for locking in on receivers , his vision , his work ethic and his body language .
After 35 NFL games , the same questions remain .
In his second full season as a starter , Russell looks as lost as ever .
What ’s the answer , though ?
If Oakland bails on Russell and benches him , it would be an admission the team made a huge mistake and must start over at the most important position on the field .
The team ’s current backups , Bruce Gradkowski and Charlie Frye , are not long - term answers .
The Raiders could call Jeff Garcia again if they feel like they can make a playoff run without Russell .
Russell probably needs more time to develop .
But he is killing any chance Oakland has of being a contender this season .
For now , the Raiders are standing by Russell .
“ I have to have faith in the guy going out there playing quarterback for us , and I do have that faith , " Raiders coach Tom Cable said Monday .
Williamson said he believes Russell is one of the more physically gifted quarterbacks in the NFL .
“ I put him right up there with Jay Cutler and Joe Flacco as far as gifts go .
I can see why he was the top pick in the draft , ” Williamson said .
“ But he ’s atrocious .
He really is .
He needs a lot of work , and I do n’t know if he ’ll ever get there .
Right now he looks like an incredible bust . ”
KC Joyner , the Football Scientist , went out on a limb in the preseason and stumped for Russell .
Joyner liked the way Russell finished last season .
In the final six games of the 2008 season , Joyner found that Russell had a better passer rating than Matt Ryan and Flacco .
Joyner figured Russell would continue to improve .
So , after Russell ’s first three games of 2009 , is Joyner still a Russell believer ?
“ No , ” Joyner said .
“ I was on the bandwagon , but he is not doing anything well right now .
He has completely regressed . ”
That ’s the problem with Russell .
There are no signs that he ’s getting better .
All of the signs are pointing in the wrong direction .
Bike Games are riding and racing games about motorcycles or bicycles .
You have to ride them at high speed and without accidents .
Play it on virtual dirt bikes and try to rush through a dangerous obstacle course in these free online games .
Here at Silvergames.com your choice of vehicles range from BMX bikes to mountain bikes all the way to tuned up dirt bikes .
You can even play as a cute little stickman completely unafraid of the dangerous stunts you send him on .
Crazy bike stunt games like Moto X3 M let you ride your two wheels freestyle as you try to make it to the finish line unharmed .
Pull off great stunts or go down in flames !
Get ready for the fun adrenaline rush of chasing a new record or simply fighting gravity .
Fast reflexes and reaction times make these fun bike games perfect for kids .
There are challenging stunt races awaiting you in these amazing bike games , so give it your best shot .
Will exhaustion overpower you , or will you stand tall on top of the podium ?
Clutching the medal and declaring yourself the winner of all racing games ?
These moto stunt games will give you a first taste .
But it 's up to you to ride your motorbike to victory .
Do n't let these oppportunities pass you by !
Here you will get to play some of the most exhausting sports known to man without leaving your comfy chair !
Or you can start comfortably , with a motorbike to hurtle you across the track .
Catapult yourself high up in the air to make the craziest and most insane stunts known to man .
Then hopefully come back down to earth with all of your bones - or at least most of them - still intact .
The sky 's the limit !
Although gravity might impose some stiff tarrifs upon reentry .
Enjoy these fun , crazy bike games !
Is Antivirus Dead ?
This essay previously appeared in Information Security Magazine , as the second half of a point - counterpoint with Marcus Ranum .
You can read his half here as well .
Security is never black and white .
If someone asks , “ for best security , should I do A or B ? ” the answer almost invariably is both .
But security is always a trade - off .
Often it ’s impossible to do both A and B — there ’s no time to do both , it ’s too expensive to do both , or whatever — and you have to choose .
In that case , you look at A and B and you make you best choice .
But it ’s almost always more secure to do both .
Yes , antivirus programs have been getting less effective as new viruses are more frequent and existing viruses mutate faster .
Yes , antivirus companies are forever playing catch - up , trying to create signatures for new viruses .
Yes , signature - based antivirus software wo n’t protect you when a virus is new , before the signature is added to the detection program .
Antivirus is by no means a panacea .
On the other hand , an antivirus program with up - to - date signatures will protect you from a lot of threats .
It ’ll protect you against viruses , against spyware , against Trojans — against all sorts of malware .
It ’ll run in the background , automatically , and you wo n’t notice any performance degradation at all .
And — here ’s the best part — it can be free .
AVG wo n’t cost you a penny .
To me , this is an easy trade - off , certainly for the average computer user who clicks on attachments he probably should n’t click on , downloads things he probably should n’t download , and does n’t understand the finer workings of Windows Personal Firewall .
Certainly security would be improved if people used whitelisting programs such as Bit9 Parity and Savant Protection — and I personally recommend Malwarebytes ’ Anti-Malware — but a lot of users are going to have trouble with this .
The average user will probably just swat away the “ you ’re trying to run a program not on your whitelist ” warning message or — even worse — wonder why his computer is broken when he tries to run a new piece of software .
The average corporate IT department does n’t have a good idea of what software is running on all the computers within the corporation , and does n’t want the administrative overhead of managing all the change requests .
And whitelists are n’t a panacea , either : they do n’t defend against malware that attaches itself to data files ( think Word macro viruses ) , for example .
One of the newest trends in IT is consumerization , and if you do n’t already know about it , you soon will .
It ’s the idea that new technologies , the cool stuff people want , will become available for the consumer market before they become available for the business market .
What it means to business is that people — employees , customers , partners — will access business networks from wherever they happen to be , with whatever hardware and software they have .
Maybe it ’ll be the computer you gave them when you hired them .
Maybe it ’ll be their home computer , the one their kids use .
Maybe it ’ll be their cell phone or PDA , or a computer in a hotel ’s business center .
Your business will have no way to know what they ’re using , and — more importantly — you ’ll have no control .
In this kind of environment , computers are going to connect to each other without a whole lot of trust between them .
Untrusted computers are going to connect to untrusted networks .
Trusted computers are going to connect to untrusted networks .
The whole idea of “ safe computing ” is going to take on a whole new meaning — every man for himself .
A corporate network is going to need a simple , dumb , signature - based antivirus product at the gateway of its network .
And a user is going to need a similar program to protect his computer .
Bottom line : antivirus software is neither necessary nor sufficient for security , but it ’s still a good idea .
It ’s not a panacea that magically makes you safe , nor is it is obsolete in the face of current threats .
As countermeasures go , it ’s cheap , it ’s easy , and it ’s effective .
I have n’t dumped my antivirus program , and I have no intention of doing so anytime soon .
Posted on November 10 , 2009 at 6:31 AM • 98 Comments
Artist Bio
Jonas Burgert ( b. 1969 ) is a German painter known for creating monumental works composed of figurative apparitions and dramatic contrasts of colour .
Seemingly fluorescent areas glow amidst a backdrop of gray and pale hues , absorbing the spectator inside the canvas .
What Burgert witnesses seems to be the drama of a new world order .
Haunch of Venison London is delighted to present the first UK solo exhibition by German painter Jonas Burgert this autumn .
Known for his complex and mysterious narrative - style painting , Burgert will present a series of new medium and large - scale paintings .
The grotesque and the mystical provide the subject - matter for the majority of Burgert ’s art .
Bold , sensuous and opulent , the atmosphere in his paintings is of a world of destruction and decay .
Working in luminous colours glowing amidst a backdrop of pale hues , the artist depicts an apocalyptic mood of an end time , visions of a netherworld , an unknown myth or a peculiar dream .
Each painting seems like a carefully constructed stage of the opera or the circus , containing an artificial world set up with dramatic lighting , exotic costumes , fantastical make up and stage props , and all of them are oddly populated by humans and animals , shamans and magicians , giants and dwarfs , demons and harlequins , creatures dead and alive .
One imagines Burgert controlling his cast like a puppeteer his marionettes , creating new realities and chaotic , orgiastic universes on the canvas .
Burgert ’s inspirations are multiple and derive from diverse ideologies and cultures .
They come from post cards and literature , images of the Indian Holi Festival of Colours and from the artist ’s travels to Egypt , where he visited the remnants of its ancient culture .
Another major source of inspiration lies in art history , with many references to strands of Late Renaissance thought visible in the works , particularly the Mannerist ’s love of the grotesque and the curious , of harsh and crass colour disparities and of an exaggerated , ‘ unnatural ’ maniera .
( HaunchofVenison )
Jonas Burgert ’s Website
Jonas Burgert on Artnet
By |
New government guidelines recommending that women start screening for breast cancer at age 50 instead of 40 set off a round of criticism this week and caused much confusion for women who for years have been told that early detection saves lives .
But a number of women ’s health organizations , including Our Bodies Ourselves , the National Women ’s Health Network and Breast Cancer Action , for years have warned that regular mammograms do not necessarily decrease a women ’s risk of death .
Premenopausal women in particular are urged to consider the risks and benefits .
In fact , the NWHN issued a position paper in 1993 recommending against screening mammography for pre-menopausal women .
It was a very controversial position at the time — even more so than now .
The breast cancer advocacy movement was in its infancy and efforts were focused on getting Medicare and insurance companies to cover mammograms .
What the NWHN found — and other groups have since concurred — is that the potential harm from screening can outweigh the benefits for premenopausal women .
That statement is tricky , and based on the poor explanations I ’ve seen that fail to specifically address the potential dangers , it ’s no wonder women are frustrated .
Some are even questioning whether the guidelines were unveiled as a cost - cutting measure — a sign of the “ rationing ” to come under health care reform .
In addition to delaying routine screening until age 50 , the guidelines recommend screening women between the age of 50 and 74 every two years .
It ’s important to keep in mind this is intended for women with no known risk factors ; women in high - risk groups should start earlier , and it may be prudent to schedule more frequent mammograms .
Adding to the confusion , cancer groups are split .
The American Cancer Society came out strongly against the new guidelines .
The National Cancer Institute , meanwhile , said it would reconsider its own recommendations in light of new studies .
Some doctors said they would proceed cautiously before revising screening advice for patients .
I do n’t believe the new guidelines are politically motivated , nor are they “ patronizing ” to women simply because they call into question the stress related to biopsies and false positive results .
Rather , the guidelines provide a useful framework for helping each of us to decide when is the best time to begin screenings and the intervals at which they should be repeated .
The guidelines are in sync with international recommendations ; the World Health Organization recommends starting screening at age 50 , and in Europe , mammograms are given to post - menopausal women every other year and detection rates are similar to the United States .
During an interview on MSNBC on Tuesday , breast cancer expert Dr. Susan Love said the government ’s guidelines bring us into line with the rest of the world and with current research .
( Read more at her blog . )
You might be thinking :
Wait a moment , is n’t earlier better ?
Why would delaying detection be in my best interest ?
I ’m going to explain why , but let ’s first take a closer look at the guidelines , which were released by the U.S. Preventative Services Task Force ( USPSTF ) , an independent panel of experts in prevention and primary care .
( The task force operates under the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , the research arm of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . )
The guidelines are an update of the 2002 USPSTF recommendation statement , which called for mammograms every one to two years , starting at age 40 .
Dr. Alfred Berg of the University of Washington , who chaired the task force in 2002 , told The New York Times this week , “ We pointed out that the benefit will be quite small . ”
He added that while older women experience the most benefits from the screening , mammograms still prevent only a small percentage of breast cancer deaths .
Breast cancer is the second - leading cause of cancer - related deaths in women ( lung cancer is number one ) .
According to the National Cancer Institute , about 192,370 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer in 2009 , and 40,170 women will die of the disease this year .
A woman who is now 40 years old has a 1.44 percent chance of being diagnosed with breast cancer over the next 10 years .
For the 2009 update , the panel , now with different members , examined the role of five screening methods in reducing breast cancer mortality rates : film mammography , clinical breast examination , breast self - examination , digital mammography , and magnetic resonance imaging .
It also commissioned two studies :
1. ) A targeted systematic evidence review of six selected questions relating to benefits and harms of screening .
2. ) A decision analysis that used population modeling techniques to compare the expected health outcomes and resource requirements of starting and ending mammography screening at different ages and using annual versus biennial screening intervals .
Here is the summary of the task force ’s findings , published in the Annals of Internal Medicine .
The grades are explained here ; A is the highest recommendation ( meaning there ’s a high certainty the benefits are substantial ) , and D is the lowest .
A rating of I indicates evidence is insufficient or conflicting .
The USPSTF recommends against routine screening mammography in women aged 40 to 49 years .
The decision to start regular , biennial screening mammography before the age of 50 years should be an individual one and take patient context into account , including the patient ’s values regarding specific benefits and harms .
This is a C recommendation .
The USPSTF recommends biennial screening mammography for women aged 50 to 74 years .
This is a B recommendation .
The USPSTF concludes that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the additional benefits and harms of screening mammography in women 75 years or older .
This is an I statement .
The USPSTF recommends against teaching breast self - examination ( BSE ) .
This is a D recommendation .
The USPSTF concludes that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the additional benefits and harms of clinical breast examination ( CBE ) beyond screening mammography in women 40 years or older .
This is an I statement .
The USPSTF concludes that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the additional benefits and harms of either digital mammography or magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) instead of film mammography as screening modalities for breast cancer .
This is an I statement .
Dr. Diana Petitti , a professor of biomedical informatics at Arizona State University and vice chair of the current task force , told The New York Times the panel knew the recommendations would surprise many women , but , she said , “ We have to say what we see based on the science and the data . ”
Frankly , I was surprised by the conclusion that self breast exams are not considered useful .
News stories this week have included many anecdotes from women who found a lump that turned out to be cancerous , and every doctor I heard interviewed said that women should definitely contact their physician if they notice any changes in their breast .
But what we ’re learning is that feeling our own breasts for lumps is not statistically effective , and women who do self breast exams get twice as many biopsies .
The World Health Organization concurs : “ There is no evidence on the effect of screening through breast self - examination ( BSE ) .
However , the practice of BSE has been seen to empower women , taking responsibility for their own health .
Therefore , BSE is recommended for raising awareness among women at risk rather than as a screening method . ”
Around 37 million mammograms are done each year .
So what ’s the problem there ?
For starters , mammograms use low - dose X - rays to examine the breast , and exposure to radiation can have a cumulative effect on the body .
And they ’re imperfect .
About half of all premenopausal women , and one - third of postmenopausal women , have dense breasts , which makes their mammograms more difficult to read .
Mammograms produce false - positive results in about 10 percent of cases , leading to anxiety that can last for years , unnecessary and sometimes - disfiguring biopsies , and unneeded treatment , including surgery , radiation and chemotherapy — each of which present their own complications and health risks , including an increased risk of other cancers and heart disease .
According to the National Breast Cancer Coalition , U.S. estimates show a woman ’s cumulative risk for a false - positive result after 10 mammograms is almost 50 percent .
The risk for undergoing an unnecessary biopsy is almost 20 percent .
Barbara Brenner , executive director of Breast Cancer Action , told me last year that research indicates that having more biopsies increases the risk of breast cancer , though the reason is unclear ( read my post here ) .
Women are constantly being told “ early detection saves lives , ” but in reality we know some breast cancers , by the time they ’re found , can not be treated .
Other cancers will never be life - threatening , and some will respond to currently available treatments .
Unfortunately , the type of cancer cannot be determined at the time of diagnosis , which means we do n’t know for sure whether the treatment will cause more harm than the cancer .
If you ’re reading this and thinking you still want to keep that scheduled mammogram , you should certainly do so .
“ No one is saying that women should not be screened in their 40s , ” said Petitti , the task force vice chair .
“ We ’re saying there needs to be a discussion between women and their doctors . ”
Dr. Amy Abernethy of the Duke Comprehensive Cancer Center said she agrees with updated recommendations .
“ Overall , I think it really took courage for them to do this , ” she said .
“ It does ask us as doctors to change what we do and how we communicate with patients .
That ’s no small undertaking . ”
Finally , I want to address the insurance question .
At this point , insurance companies and Medicare administrators are saying that they will continue to pay for mammograms .
Here ’s what may change in the future , according to The New York Times :
The guidelines are not expected to have an immediate effect on insurance coverage but should make health plans less likely to aggressively prompt women in their 40s to have mammograms and older women to have the test annually .
Congress requires Medicare to pay for annual mammograms .
Medicare can change its rules to pay for less frequent tests if federal officials direct it to .
Private insurers are required by law in every state except Utah to pay for mammograms for women in their 40s .
But the new guidelines are expected to alter the grading system for health plans , which are used as a marketing tool .
Grades are issued by the National Committee for Quality Assurance , a private nonprofit organization , and one measure is the percentage of patients getting mammograms every one to two years starting at age 40 .
That will change , said Margaret E. O’Kane , the group ’s president , who said it would start grading plans on the number of women over 50 getting mammograms every two years .
For more information , here are some good stories and links :
NPR : All Things Considered looks at the research .
Washington Post : A good overview of the guidelines and cost controversy .
ScienceBlogs : “ From my perspective , these new recommendations are a classic example of what happens when the shades of gray that make up the messy , difficult world of clinical research meet public health policy , where simple messages are needed in order to motivate public acceptance of a screening test , ” writes Orac .
“ It ’s also an example where reasonable researchers and physicians can look at exactly the same evidence for and against screening at different ages and come to different conclusions based on a balancing of the potential benefit versus the cost . ”
At one time , soap was soap .
You had your choice of deodorant soap or moisturizing soap , and maybe a few different scents .
Today , there is no limit to the creativity put into a simple bar of soap .
1. Soapsicles
They look good , they smell good , but do n't eat these Soapsicles !
They wo n't melt until they come in contact with bathwater .
The four flavors are Nilla Sammi ( chocolate scented ) , Rainbow ( fruit scented ) , Lemonade , and Pink - Confetti Cupcake ( strawberry scented ) .
2. Reddit Alien Soap
You can now wash with your favorite internet aggregator site , as long as it's Reddit .
The best part is that you can choose from two flavors , orange and bacon !
3. Hog Wash
A little soap pig , embedded in a mud bath of soap .
It 's called Hog Wash , and it does NOT smell like bacon .
4. Xbox Controller Soap
Your natural grip comes into play even in the shower with the Xbox controller bar of soap .
From Digital Soaps , where you 'll find other geeky soap designs .
5. Tomato Soap
This hand - milled tomato soap contains tomato powder , with natural acid to help exfoliate the skin .
It may also help to attract the opposite sex by making you smell like a pizza .
If you prefer , you can make your own .
6. Breast Milk Soap
Dawnella Sutton makes and sells Mothers Moon Breastmilk Soap , which contains her own milk along with olive oil , glycerin , and honey .
Your can buy this soap with lavender and / or oatmeal added .
If you 'd rather use your own breast milk , she has a recipe for you .
7. Black Soap
Coal Face is a black bar of soap .
The company made a limited edition of the soap for a promotion of the movie Annie Hall because the title character used black soap , and it was so popular it is now a part of their regular lineup .
It contains powdered charcoal , licorice root , and glitter in addition to more common soap ingredients .
8. Hand Soap
Wash your hands with Hand Soap .
Soap shaped like little hands !
Each hand is hand made .
Is n't that handy ?
TORONTO ( Reuters ) - Environmental activists have occupied an expansion site at an upgrader majority owned by Royal Dutch Shell Plc , Greenpeace and the company said on Saturday , the third such protest in recent weeks to target facilities linked to oil sands production .
Greenpeace said 19 activists scaled an under - construction upgrader at Shell ’s Scotford facility in Fort Saskatchewan , Alberta to protest “ the climate crimes of the tar sands . ”
A statement from the environmental group said two protesters had been detained .
Shell said in a statement that no construction was going on when the protesters entered the site and production at the refinery and upgrader are not affected .
The upgrader is also owned by Marathon Oil Corp and Chevron Corp .
“ We are working with the RCMP ( Royal Canadian Mounted Police ) and government authorities are being notified , ” Shell said .
Upgraders are part of the process that converts tar - like bitumen mined from the oil sands into usable crude .
The protest comes after environmental activists last month canoed into Suncor Energy Inc ’s oil sands operation in northern Alberta , blocking equipment .
In another incident , protesters chained themselves to equipment at a Royal Dutch Shell oil sands mine in northern Alberta to highlight what they view as excessive greenhouse gas emissions from the region ’s oil production operations .
Part of the Series The Public Intellectual
If we take seriously the ideology , arguments and values now emanating from the right - wing of the Republican Party , there is no room in the United States for a democracy in which the obligations of citizenship , compassion and collective security outweigh the demands of what might be called totalizing market - driven society ; that is , a society that is utterly deregulated , privatized , commodified and largely controlled by the ultra-rich and a handful of mega corporations .
In such a society , there is a shift in power from government to markets and the emergence of a more intensified political economy organized around three principal concerns : deregulated markets , commodification and disposability .
In spite of the current failure of this system , right - wing Republicans and their allies are more than willing to embrace a system that erases all vestiges of the public good , turning citizens into consumers , while privatizing and commodifying every aspect of the social order – all the while threatening the lives , health , and livelihoods of millions of working class and middle class people .
If we listen to the likes of Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck and an increasing number of their ilk , free - market fundamentalism is not only sexy , it is an argument against the very notion of politics itself and the power of the government to intervene and protect its citizens from the ravages of nature , corrupt institutions and an unregulated market .
In this discourse , largely buttressed through an appeal to fear and the use of outright lies , free - market capitalism assumes an almost biblical status as an argument against the power of government to protect its citizens from misfortune and the random blows of fate by providing the most basic rights and levels of collective security and protection .
Before he died , President Franklin Delano Roosevelt advocated precisely for such rights , which he called a “ second bill of rights , ” which included the right “ of every family to a decent home .
The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health .
The right to adequate protection form the economic fears of old age , sickness , accident and unemployment .
The right to a good education . ” [ 1 ]
That is , those social , economic and individual rights that provide a secure foundation for people to live with dignity and be free to become critical and engaged citizens , capable of both expanding their own sense of agency and freedom while being able to work with others to fulfill the demands of an aspiring democracy .
But in the truncated notion of freedom espoused by the right - wing extremists of a market - driven society , democracy is a deficit , if not pathology , and freedom is reduced to the narrow logic of an almost rabid focus on self - interest .
This is a truncated version of freedom , defined largely as freedom from constraint – a freedom which , when not properly exercised or balanced , loses its connection to those obligations that tie people to values , issues and institutions that affirm “ the existence of a common good or a public purpose . ” [ 2 ]
This type of depoliticizing inward thinking with its disavowal of the obligations of social responsibility and its outright disdain for those who are disadvantaged by virtue of being poor , young or elderly does more than fuel the harsh , militarized and hyper - masculine logic of reality television and extreme sports ; it also elevates death over life , selfishness over compassion and economics over politics .
But more so , it produces a kind of dysfunctional silence in the culture in the face of massive hardship and suffering .
There is more than moral indifference and political cynicism at work here ; there is also a culture for which there is not much room for ideals , a culture that now considers public welfare a pathology , and responsibility solely a privatized and individual matter .
This is a politics of disinvestment in public life , democracy and the common good .
Hence , it is not surprising that we hear nothing from the faux populists Beck , Limbaugh , Hannity , and other cheerleaders for an unchecked capitalism about a market - driven landscape filled with desolate communities , gutted public services and weakened labor unions .
Nor do they say anything about a free - market system that in its greed , cruelty , corruption and iniquitous power relations creates the conditions responsible for 40 million impoverished people ( many living in their cars or the ever - growing tent cities ) , and 46 million Americans without health insurance – one result of which , according to a Harvard University study , is the needless deaths of 45,000 people every year . [ 3 ]
Nor do they register any alarm over a system that , according to a recent study released by the Johns Hopkins Children ’s Center , claims that “ lack of adequate health care may have contributed to the deaths of some 17,000 US children over the past two decades . ” [ 4 ]
What do they have to say about a deregulated market system with its corrupt financial institutions shipping jobs abroad , swindling people out of their homes and gutting the manufacturing base of US industry ?
What do they have to say about a political system largely controlled by corporate lobbyists ?
Or insurance companies that pay employees bonuses when they maintain a high level of rejections for procedures that can save people ’s lives .
Not much .
All they see amid this growing landscape of human suffering and despair is the specter of socialism , which amounts to any government - sponsored program designed to offer collective insurance in the face of misfortune and promote the public good .
For right - wing extremists , a market - driven society represents more than a tirade against “ big government ” ; it constitutes a new kind of politics that privileges exchange values and quick profits over all noncommodified values , resists all forms of government intervention ( except when it benefits the rich and powerful or uses force to maintain social order ) , celebrates excessive individualism and consolidates the power of the rich along with powerful corporations – currently coded as mammoth financial institutions such as the insurance companies , pharmaceutical companies and big banks .
Moreover , the ability of this previously devalued market - driven system to endlessly come back to life is truly astonishing .
How can the Dick Armey ’s of the world be featured in The New York Times as if their ideology and ruthlessness is worthy of a major news story ?
How is it that an endless number of ex - and current politicians , who are wedded at the hip to corporate interests , can be taken seriously as spokespersons for the larger public ?
And as the fog of social and historical amnesia rolls over the media and the country in general , it does so in spite of the current financial crisis , the debacle following Hurricane Katrina and the in - your - face payout of big bonuses by institutions that were bailed out by the government .
Clearly , market fundamentalism is alive and well in the United States , suggesting that it also works hard through the related modalities of education and seduction to induce the public to conform to the narrow dictates , values and dreams of totalizing market society , regardless of how disruptive it is of their lives .
Shouting against the evils of big government does little to register or make visible the power of big corporations or a government that serves corporate rather than democratic needs .
What is unique and particularly disturbing about this hyper - market driven notion of economics is that it makes undemocratic modes of education central to its politics and employs a mode of pedagogy aimed at displacing and shutting down all vestiges of the public sphere that cannot be commodified , privatized and commercialized .
Consumers are in and citizens are out .
Fear and lying are the discourses of choice while dialogue and thoughtfulness are considered a weakness .
To a greater extent than at any other point in liberal modernity , this regime of economic Darwinism now extends economic rationality “ to formerly noneconomic domains [ shaping ] individual conduct , or more precisely , [ prescribing ] the citizen - subject of the neoliberal order . ” [ 5 ]
Most crucially , this struggle over the construction of the market - driven consumer subject , especially as it applies to young people , is by and large waged outside of formal educational institutions , in pedagogical sites and spaces that are generally privatized and extend from the traditional and new media to conservative - funded think tanks and private schools .
[ 6 ]
As corporate - controlled spheres and commodity markets assume a commanding role educating young and old alike , pedagogy is redefined as a tool of commerce aggressively promoting the commodification of young people and the destruction of noncommodified public spaces and institutions .
How else to explain that it is almost impossible to read about educational reform in the dominant media except as a tool to educate people for the workforce ?
In other words , education is a form of commerce and nothing more .
Education for democracy today sounds a lot like the idea that health care for everyone is socialism .
Clearly , what we are witnessing here is not just the rise political theater or media - driven spectacle in American society , but a populism that harbors a deep disdain for democracy and no longer understands how to define itself outside of the imperatives of capital accumulation , shopping and the willingness to view more and more individuals and groups as simply disposable waste products no longer worthy of the blessings of consumption .
As moral and ethical considerations are decoupled from the calculating logic and consequences of all economic activity , the horrendous human toll in suffering and hardship being visited upon all segments of the American population is lost in the endless outburst of anger , if not hysteria , promoted by right - wing extremists – shouting for a return to the good old days when financial institutions and money markets set policy , eventually ushering in one of the most serious economic crisis this country has ever faced .
As the values of human togetherness , community , friendship and love are once again subordinated to the notion that only markets can give people what they want , the culture of fear and cruelty grows in proportion to the angry protests , the threat of violence and the unapologetic racism aimed at the Obama administration .
In part , this is exemplified in not only the endless public pronouncements that make a market society and democracy synonymous , but also in the ongoing celebration , in spite of the near collapse of the mortgage sector , of the excesses of the new Gilded Age .
Like those dead bodies that endlessly return in George Romero ’s film classic “ Night of the Living Dead , ” right - wing Republicans and Democrats are back shouting from every conceivable platform to demolish any vestige of reform that relies on “ big government . ”
The right - wing infatuation with the word “ death , ” as in the fictitious claim about Obama ’s death panels , is telling – more a projection of their own politics than a serious critique of health care reform .
Despite a change in US political leadership , these forces – if left unchecked – will continue to promote and fight for a transformation of democratic governance and citizenship until they are both completely destroyed .
As democracy is increasingly reduced to an empty shell and the rise of a corporate and punishing state looms heavily on the 21st - century horizon , the market - driven principles of deregulation , radical individualism and privatization penetrate all aspects of daily life .
Such market - driven values and their accompanying power - shaping institutions now profoundly influence the very nature of how the American public think , act and desire .
All of which are increasingly wedded to the epicenter of a grotesque consumer culture , whose underside is a heartless indifference to the suffering and hardship of the millions of people without jobs , homes , health care and , increasingly , hope .
The current fight against health care reform is not really just about fixing a terribly iniquitous and broken system ; it is a struggle against the prospect of a better future for young people , the poor , the excluded and those struggling to stay alive in America .
What are we to make of an ideology that moves from dismantling the welfare state to embracing the punishing state , an ideology that increasingly turns its back on those individuals for whom the prisons are now deputized as the only welfare institutions left in America , or , if they are lucky , find themselves in one of the emerging tent cities found under bridges and located in other invisible landscapes – used in the past to get rid of waste products , but now used to dump poor working class and middle class families ?
Where is this hysteria going given that we now have in office an administration that refuses to fight for the ideals it campaigned on ?
We get a glimpse of where it is going in the tirades let loose recently by people like Sarah Palin , a dumber than dumb version of Ayn Rand , and Rep. Michele Bachmann ( R - Minnesota ) , who , when she is not calling for members of Congress to be investigated for their communist sympathies , is railing against Obama ’s socialism .
In leading crowds in Washington , DC , recently with the chant , “ kill the bill , ” Bachmann displays not simply an angry protest against the reform of health care .
On the contrary , there is a much broader notion of politics at stake here , one in which she and others are protesting for an utterly privatized and commodified society where corporations and markets define politics while matters of life and death are removed from ethical considerations , increasingly subject to cost - benefit analyses and the calculations of potential profit margins .
In this scenario , each individual is on their own in confronting the many systemic problems facing American society , each of us responsible for our own fate , even when facing systemic problems that cannot be solved by isolated individuals .
This politics of hysteria and ruthlessness that is now on full display in America is not just an attack on the social state , big government , the public sphere and the common good , but the very essence of politics and democracy .
This is truly a politics that celebrates death over life .
— — ——
Notes :
[ 1 ] .
For an excerpt of Roosevelt ’s call for a second bill of rights , see Bill Moyers , “ Interview with James Galbraith , ” “ Bill Moyers Journal , ” ( October 30 , 2009 ) .
Online at : https://www.pbs.org/moyers/journal/10302009/transcript4.html.
[ 2 ] .
Bill Moyers , “ Interview with James Galbraith , ” “ Bill Moyers Journal , ” ( October 30 , 2009 ) .
Online at : https://www.pbs.org/moyers/journal/10302009/transcript4.html.
[ 3 ] .
US Census Bureau Press Release , “ Income , Poverty and Health Insurance Coverage in the United States : 2008 , ” US Department of Commerce , Washington , DC. ( September 10 , 2009 ) .
Available online at : https://www.census.gov/Press-Release/www/releases/archives/income_wealth/014227.html.
Paul Klayman , “ Harvard Study : 45,000 People Die Every Year , ” Institute for Southern Studies ( September 18 , 2009 ) .
Online at : https://www.southernstudies.org/2009/09/uninsured-die-every-year.html.
[ 4 ] .
Editorial , “ Lack of Health Care Led to 17,000 US Child Deaths , ” Agence France - Presse ( October 29 , 2009 ) .
Online at : www.truth.org/1030099?print ,
[ 5 ] .
Wendy Brown , “ Edgework : Critical Essays on Knowledge and Politics ” ( Princeton : Princeton University Press , 2005 ) , p. 41 .
[ 6 ] .
For an excellent analysis of the control of corporate power on the media , see Robert W. McChesney , “ The Political Economy of the Media , ” ( New York : Monthly Review Press , 2008 ) .
Survey finds fare of £ 1,002 for trip from Newquay in Cornwall to Kyle of Lochalsh in the Scottish Highlands
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The rise in the cost of train tickets has led to the first £ 1,000 rail fare , it was revealed today .
The fare – of £ 1,002 – is for a turn - up - and - go , first - class return from Newquay in Cornwall to Kyle of Lochalsh in the Scottish Highlands .
Unearthed in a survey of fares by rail expert Barry Doe , the Cornwall to Scotland return trip would cover about 1,700 miles .
Tickets can be bought from the CrossCountry train company .
Doe 's research also showed that some standard - class , turn - up - and go return fares have risen 100 % in price since the mid-1990s .
A London to Manchester return , for example , has gone up from £ 33 in 1995 to £ 66.10 now , while a London to Newcastle upon Tyne return has risen 84 % to £ 105 .
Cat Hobbs , public transport campaigner for the Campaign for Better Transport , said today : " The Newquay £ 1,000 fare shows just how pricey and complicated the fare structure is .
" We think fares in this country are far too expensive .
They are the most expensive in Europe .
We think the government should step in and review how they regulate fares . "
Under an annual inflation rate price formula , regulated fares ( which include season tickets ) will actually go down in January as retail price index inflation is negative .
But Hobbs said today that the government should not take any credit for this dip in fares as it was merely a result of the recession .
She went on : " Our fear is that the train companies will put up unregulated fares ( which include many off - peak tickets ) to compensate for the dip in regulated fare income .
" The government should not let the train companies take all the flak for this .
It 's up to the government to change the system . "
A spokesman for CrossCountry said : " No one has actually bought this £ 1,000 fare but it does exist .
Someone wanting a first - class return would be likely to book a saver return in advance and pay £ 561 . "
The trip from Cornwall to the Highlands would last over 20 hours , but despite the cost passengers would not find themselves travelling in the lap of luxury – the first and last parts of the journey do not even have first - class carriages .
Doe told the Evening Standard : " For the price I would expect to be given a meal as soon as I got on board .
What do you get with CrossCountry ?
For the first 183 miles to Bristol you might get a trolley service offering a cup of tea .
" From Bristol you might get some paltry snacks .
You ought to be getting linen tablecloths and wall - to - wall service . "
Liberal Democrat transport spokesman Norman Baker MP said : " This is a very unwelcome landmark and will do nothing to encourage people to travel by train .
" When you can fly half way across Europe for £ 30 , the idea that you can end up paying £ 1,000 for a train journey in Britain is absolutely scandalous .
" Not only are passengers being encouraged off the trains and into their cars , but some considering this journey may decide they 'd rather fly to Australia and back for half the price . "
Babs drops some beats on yo ass !
I feel like since we have gotten help from the new ( and very awesome ) video production staff , I felt a little bit inspired .
Having said that , this video may not have happened if it were not for their help , so thanks to them !
I am a huge Andy Sandberg fan , and if you watch Saturday Night Live then you probably have seen the original video for which this is the parody .
After getting nearly everyone at Whiskey Media involved and borrowing some clothes out of Super Coonce 's closet ( thanks dude ) , we have finally finished the very first Comic Vine music video .
A big thanks to Greg Jackson too for working on the lyrics with me since I am just not " gangsta " enough .
Alright , inspired by comic books and Andy Sandberg , here is the Comic Vine Rap !
Ch-ch - check it out !
Liked what you saw ?
Take a minute to spread the word :
A violent explosion picked up by a NASA satellite earlier this year is the oldest object ever seen by astronomers , its light having been emitted some 13 billion years ago .
At that time the universe was roughly 5 percent of its present age and the big bang was a fairly recent occurrence , having taken place just 600 million years earlier .
NASA 's Swift Gamma - Ray Burst spacecraft spotted the flash signaling a massive stellar explosion on April 23 .
The explosion was officially designated GRB 090423 , after its type ( a gamma - ray burst ) and date of detection ; the space agency quickly announced it as the new record holder for cosmic distance .
Now , two papers in the October 29 Nature present detailed analyses of the burst and afterglow , confirming the initial distance assessments and providing a few clues as to conditions in the early universe .
" We do n't know much " about the event that produced GRB 090423 , says Bing Zhang , an astrophysicist at the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , who wrote a commentary for Nature accompanying the new studies .
( Scientific American is part of the Nature Publishing Group . )
" What we know is that at that early time we already had a star and that star exploded , and that star is not that different from the nearby stars that produce gamma-ray bursts . "
Specifically , the progenitor star appears to belong to the second or third generation of stars , rather than the first generation .
The earliest stars are thought to have been massive , short - lived balls of hydrogen and helium , whereas their offspring incorporated heavier elements formed in the first generation 's explosive demise .
The burst and afterglow of GRB 090423 is not unlike that of closer ( and hence more recent ) gamma-ray bursts , pointing to a later - generation progenitor .
" We know that this star is not first - generation , because its observational properties are quite similar to its nearby cousins , " Zhang says .
The first stars , long a target for researchers , have eluded detection thus far .
Still , the burst puts scientists closer to the first generation than ever before :
It is about 150 million years older than any other known astrophysical object , says astronomer Nial Tanvir of the University of Leicester in England , the lead author of one of the new Nature papers .
" On the one hand , that does n't sound all that significant , given that they 're all sort of 13 billion years or so of age , " Tanvir says .
" But in terms of pushing back closer to the very first stars that formed in the universe , we think this is quite a significant leap . "
Swift 's X - Ray Telescope trained itself on GRB 090423 just 73 seconds after the satellite 's Burst Alert instrument picked up the signal of the event , and Tanvir 's team had the U.K.
Infra-Red Telescope on Mauna Kea in Hawaii looking at the afterglow just 20 minutes after the burst .
But the weather in Hawaii was not ideal , and this particular gamma-ray burst was not especially bright , limiting the amount of additional information astronomers could glean from the explosion .
In principle , Tanvir says , a bright , well - observed GRB at great distances could expose the makeup of the intergalactic medium as well as the chemistry of the star 's host galaxy , which would in turn indicate the products of previous generations of stars .
As for the galaxy to which GRB 090423 belongs , Tanvir says that his group will be using the Hubble Space Telescope next year to seek it out , now that its location has been marked .
" We hope to locate the host galaxy , " he says .
" We have very little idea of what galaxies were like at that time .
We have only very sketchy ideas . "
Previously censored documents released late Friday by the Department of Justice have shed more light on the FBI investigation into CIA interrogation tactics .
Part of the record shows how FBI officials understood that the ‘ battleground tactics ’ used by the Pentagon were ineffective and would n’t lead to prosecutions .
As early as 2003 , the Federal Bureau of Investigations sent repeated warnings to the Department of Defense , but abusive interrogations occurred for 4 more years .
ADVERTISEMENT
These latest documents were part of an ongoing Freedom of Information Act lawsuit being conducted by the American Civil Liberties Union .
Last week , newly released memos indicated that the FBI began to conduct an investigation into CIA interrogation techniques and secret prisons , but was denied regular access to prisoners .
Department of Justice officials decided that there was not enough evidence to prosecute CIA interrogators .
This week , fresh documents in the ACLU lawsuit go deeper into the conflict between the FBI and the Pentagon .
The belief at the Bureau was that though the Army - based interrogation tactics were useful for battlefield information gathering , “ the reliability of information obtained using such tactics is highly questionable , not to mention potentially legally inadmissible in court . ”
This memo from May 2003 brings important questions to mind : Did the Office of Legal Counsel lawyers drafting later memos for the CIA not know about these early warnings ?
Did the CIA dismiss these warnings altogether , or were they told to ignore them ?
Senior officials from the Criminal Investigative Task Force “ lamented the fact that many DHS [ Defense Human Intelligence Services ] interrogators seem to believe that the only way to elicit information from uncooperative detainees is to use aggressive techniques on them . ”
According to the Washington Independent , “ Not only did the officials not succeed in convincing DHS to abandon the techniques , but the document described how the military and DHS inaccurately portrayed to the Pentagon that the FBI ’s Behavioral Analysis Unit approved of and helped design the very techniques that the BAU warned would backfire . ”
The mischaracterization by the DHS may be the sole reason that abusive interrogations were carried on 4 years after stern FBI warnings reached the Department of Defense .
The new documents can be found here .
( CNN ) -- Darren Manzella saw two tours of duty in Iraq , first as a combat medic and later as a liaison officer .
He earned three promotions in his six years as a U.S. Army sergeant .
Despite his professional success , Manzella says he began to question his personal life .
" After returning from my first deployment in Iraq , after seeing death and violence , losing friends and comrades , it really made me look over my life , " he said .
" I looked at some issues I had always had trouble with .
I had debated , ' Am I gay ? ' "
As he struggled with his sexual identity , Manzella began a relationship with a man .
Soon after , while in Texas between tours , Manzella said he began receiving anonymous , harassing e-mails and telephone calls .
" They told me , ' You are stupid , the Army is going to kick you out , but before they do , they are going to take your rank away and all your money away . ' "
Manzella describes this time as one of fear and deep insecurity .
" I did n't know if the military police would be coming through the door to take me away because someone had reported me , " he said .
" This was some of the paranoia I was living with every day . "
Manzella says that the e-mails and calls went on for months and that after many sleepless nights , he decided to ask his supervisor for help .
" He listened and was somewhat sympathetic , " Manzella said .
" He told me not to worry , to try and get some rest , to go home early and see him in the morning . "
By the next morning , Manzella 's supervisor had reported him as having broken the law under " do n't ask , do n't tell , " the 1993 policy that prohibits anyone who " demonstrate (s ) a propensity or intent to engage in homosexual acts " from serving in the U.S. military .
Manzella said he was read his rights and told that he would be investigated , but that he could continue working .
As the investigation proceeded , word spread that Manzella was gay .
" Ironically , it pulled the unit together .
A lot of them started to invite me out , " Manzella said .
" My co-worker was getting married ; she told me that my boyfriend and I were invited to the wedding .
It made me feel like I was more a part of the family . "
After a month , Manzella said he was told that no proof of homosexuality had been found and that the investigation was being closed , even though he told his supervisor about his lifestyle .
Manzella was hopeful .
" I thought it was a big step when they told me that they were going to retain me , " he said .
In 2006 , Manzella 's unit was sent back to Iraq , and he served his 15 - month deployment with his unit knowing he was gay .
" I could have pictures of my boyfriend out , I could talk freely on the phone without having to worry about someone overhearing me and reporting me , " he said .
During his tour , Manzella was contacted by the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , a national nonprofit offering legal assistance to those affected by do n't ask , do n't tell .
SLDN told him that a television network was looking for a gay serviceman in a combat zone to tell his story .
After weighing the risk of being discharged for speaking out publicly , Manzella agreed to the interview .
He said he was motivated by the knowledge that he could give a voice to the gays , lesbians and bisexuals serving in the military -- a number estimated at 65,000 by the Palm Center at the University of California , Santa Barbara , which researches sexual minorities in the military .
The network television segment aired a few days before Manzella returned from Iraq , and it seemed at first that his interview would not have consequences .
He returned to the States , spent time with his family and even went to Capitol Hill to lobby against do n't ask , do n't tell .
Manzella returned to duty at Fort Hood , Texas , in December 2007 and continued to serve for almost seven months .
In the first week of March 2008 , he was given orders to report to Fort Drum , New York , to work at the military hospital there .
A week later , he said , his company commander called him in .
" I was told I was going to be discharged under do n't ask , do n't tell , " he said .
" Up until that point , I had n't heard anything .
I had lived openly for nearly two years .
I thought that was a huge step forward , that finally people were being recognized on their performance and how well they served their country and their comrades and peers . "
In June 2008 , Manzella received an honorable discharge .
His discharge papers read " homosexual conduct admission . "
CNN contacted the Army for more details on the nature of Manzella 's discharge .
Army spokesman Lt. Col. Christopher Garver of the Office of the Chief of Public Affairs said that under law , the military could not comment on or release details about Manzella 's discharge .
Since do n't ask , do n't tell was introduced , the military has discharged more than 13,000 lesbians , gays and bisexuals , according to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network .
A 2005 government report found that about 800 of them had skills deemed " critical , " such as engineering and linguistics , and that it cost the military about $ 200 million to recruit and train their replacements .
Garver said the continued enforcement of do n't ask , do n't tell is simply a case of the Army enforcing the law .
" The Army enforces the homosexual conduct policy because it is the law , " he said .
" The policy is not a military policy , and the Army has a policy because it is bound by current statute .
If the law were potentially to change , the Army would change to enforce whatever the law may be . "
QR Code Link to This Post
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I know you are the coolest kid in Iowa / Ohio / Idaho / Texas / Florida / etc but ... While scanning CL for a cool vintage apartment near Hawthorne or Alberta , a sweet barista job and a new fixie to ride around on once you arrive , please reconsider your decision , and please do not move here .
There are n’t any jobs for the people who already live here .
Word on the street is that your Stumptown barista job wo n’t last once people find out you are a 30 - something college graduate from Ohio .
I heard the eastside is going to break off from the Willamette River and will soon become part of the Couve ( aka you will live in something similar to where you currently live , but rainier ) ….
Plus , living in the Pearl or NW is too expensive for your $ 9 / hour barista job .
And no cool hipsters live on the SW Side .
Regards , Your previous future neighbor
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Gordon Brown has shrugged off the Sun 's decision not to support Labour at the next election by insisting " it is people that decide elections " .
The newspaper 's front page on Wednesday is headlined " Labour 's Lost it " .
The tabloid backed Labour in the 1997 , 2001 and 2005 elections but the prime minister said : " It 's the British people 's views I 'm interested in . "
David Cameron said he was " delighted " at the development as he hoped to build the " widest coalition for change " .
Andrew Neil , presenter of the BBC's Daily Politics
Show , said the switch was " a body blow " for Labour , but other commentators have suggested the paper 's influence on voters is overestimated .
' Bullied ' Despite abandoning Labour , the Sun said it was not giving the opposition a " blank cheque " and the Tories needed to earn voters ' trust on key issues such as the economy and immigration .
The Sun 's declaration came hours after Mr Brown 's party conference speech insisted Labour was " not done yet " .
Senior Labour figures reacted angrily to the move with deputy leader Harriet Harman saying the party would not be " bullied " and urging members to go out and fight for victory .
Newspapers are only a secondary source of information - it 's television that counts
Prof David Denver
University of Lancaster
Nick Robinson's Newslog
What papers made of speech
The politics of UK newspapers
The BBC 's political editor Nick Robinson said the paper had timed its decision for maximum political impact .
While it was unwelcome for Mr Brown , he did not expect the Sun to be as vocal in its criticism of the prime minister as it had been of Labour leader Neil Kinnock in 1992 when the paper claimed to have swayed the outcome of the election .
Former Labour deputy leader Margaret Beckett said the Sun 's switch was a " problem " for the party but not " insurmountable " .
George Pascoe - Watson , the Sun 's political editor , said it had given Labour " one last chance " in 2005 but now felt it was time for a new government .
" The prime minister failed to convince us he was the right man for the country , " he said .
The Scottish edition of the Sun has not endorsed the Conservatives .
In response , Mr Brown said he did not " get out of bed " each morning thinking what the newspapers were saying about him .
" In the end we would would like the support of every newspaper , you 'd like to have the support of lots of people that are not giving you support .
but it is people that decide elections , " he told the Today programme .
He said he believed Sun readers would back new policies on tackling anti-social behaviour and on cancer test guarantees which he said appealed to the " mainstream , middle " of British society .
Mr Brown said he had " set out a vision for a more responsible society and for a more accountable politics " in Tuesday 's speech .
CLIPS : BROWN ON TODAY
' It 's people that decide elections ' ' Tough love ' for trouble families Speech pledges ' fully costed ' ' Decision ' on TV debate ' We are the insurgents '
Next term ' absolutely different '
New proposals , such as free home care for 300,000 most at - need pensioners , were " properly costed " , he insisted .
He also defended the new focus on anti-social behaviour and measures against the most " chaotic families " in society , saying it was time to be " more explicit about the responsibilities we demand of our citizens and the boundaries between right and wrong " .
Asked about whether he would take part in a series of TV debates with Tory leader David Cameron , Mr Brown said he had made up his mind but now was not the time to discuss the issue .
While admitting that Labour " had a lot to do to persuade the British people " to elect them for a historic fourth term , he said he " relished " the challenge of fighting the Tories .
' Good news ' Conservative Party Chairman Eric Pickles said the party 's head of communications , Andy Coulson , had brought him the " good news " on Tuesday evening .
However , he denied the Sun 's move was linked to the Tories ' decision to appoint Mr Coulson - a former editor of The News of the World , the Sun 's sister paper - as a senior aide .
" It is more about how Gordon Brown 's government is failing to deliver for the British people and the sense of direction and vision that David Cameron is offering , " he told the BBC .
The Sun remains Britain 's top - selling newspaper The Sun was a big supporter of Margaret Thatcher , backing the controversial poll tax and mounting attacks on Tory MPs who plotted against the then - prime minister .
After she was ousted in 1990 , the Sun stood by her successor John Major , and on polling day in 1992 , the paper ran a front page showing Labour leader Neil Kinnock 's head in a light bulb .
The headline read : " If Kinnock wins today , will the last person to leave Britain please turn out the lights . "
Many pundits had predicted a Labour victory but the Tories retained power , prompting the Sun to famously declare : " It 's The Sun Wot Won It . "
However , Prof David Denver , from the University of Lancaster , said the influence of newspapers on voters was " hugely exaggerated " .
" Newspapers are only a secondary source of information and a poor secondary source of political information at that .
It 's television that counts , " he told the BBC .
" It 's much more likely that papers shift to bring themselves in line with their readers rather than they influence their readers in a particular direction . "
In 1992 , the Sun sold more than 3.5 million copies a day .
It is still the UK 's top - selling newspaper , with average daily sales of 3.13 million in August , according to the Audit Bureau of Circulation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MPs were told only a small number of cyclists were irresponsible
The government should do more to target " irresponsible behaviour " by cyclists - particularly when they break traffic laws , a committee of MPs has said .
There was some confusion about road laws , including the fact that it is illegal to cycle on pavements , the Public Accounts Committee said .
It was responding to a National Audit Office report on road safety .
The Department for Transport said it could devise new rules but had to be satisfied police could enforce them .
In its response to the committee , the department said enforcing cycling offences " was typically not high on the agenda of most police forces due to competing demands on their time " .
It also pointed out anti-social cyclists represent only a small number of total cyclists .
Others ' feel unsafe '
The committee 's report was a response to a wide ranging NAO report on road safety published in May which suggested Britain was still behind other countries in tackling road safety for child pedestrians .
It said pedestrians and cyclists were particularly vulnerable - largely because they had little physical protection from crashes .
In 2007 more than 30,000 pedestrians and 16,000 cyclists were injured , while 646 and 136 respectively were killed on Britain 's roads .
MPs pointed out that there was a " perception that anti-social behaviour of some cyclists increases their risks and makes other road users feel unsafe " .
The only time I have been knocked down in my life was by a cyclist going like a bat out of hell outside the House of Commons
David Curry MP
The committee urges the government to " devise education , training and publicity measures to target such anti-social behaviour , particularly when it breaks traffic laws " .
While deaths and injuries of cyclists had fallen overall since the mid 1990s , they had risen by 11 % since 2004 , the committee said .
During the committee 's hearings two MPs raised concerns about " anti-social behaviour " of some cyclists and the fact there was some confusion among the public and the police about legal requirements on them .
' Not trivial ' Committee member and Tory MP David Curry said some were " irresponsible and arrogant road users " and said many people believed they took no notice of red lights and believed traffic cones were " not for them " .
" The only time I have been knocked down in my life was by a cyclist going like a bat out of hell outside the House of Commons , " he said .
" We seem to regard cyclists as living in some sort of superior moral category when they actually do not have any . "
Labour member Geraldine Smith added that sometimes irresponsible cycling was " dismissed as something trivial " but it was a common complaint at meetings in her constituency .
She said one constituent had been seriously injured and there appeared to be " very little " the police could do , adding : " A police superintendent was at this forum with me and he said that it was legal to cycle on pavements . "
Richard Devereux , the top civil servant at the Department for Transport , pointed out that , according to the Highway Code , it was illegal to cycle on pavements .
But he said it was wrong to assume that all cyclists were dangerous .
" There are , without doubt , some elements of the cycling community who are in that position and there are equally , I imagine , rather more people who are far more dangerous drivers as well , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
We have mentioned Ke-Sen Huang ’s awesome paper preprint link pages in many previous posts – they ’re the best graphics resource on the web by a long shot .
Early last week , many people ( including myself ) were shocked to see most of the pages replaced by the following :
REMOVED –
This page has been removed at the request of the ACM Publications Board
This resulted in an outpouring of anger as well as support for Ke - Sen .
Many people in the community contacted the ACM Publications Board to try to convince them to change their position .
Fortunately , the story has a happy ending .
Today , Ke-Sen received the following email :
Dear Ke-Sen ,
As you are aware , the computer graphics community has expressed dismay and concern about the removal of your web pages .
ACM wants to make it possible for you to continue this service that the community clearly values very highly .
By this message ACM grants permission for you to repost the pages , with the addition of links to the authoritative versions of the papers in the ACM Digital Library .
The author ’s home page links may also be included , but should not be links directly to the author ’s version of the paper .
Please post on the site that the information is being provided with the permission of the ACM .
This is the solution you proposed earlier , and it is clear from the community ’s comments that it is the right thing to do .
As you know , the concern about your pages was ACM copyright policy with regard to links .
As a result of the community discussion , ACM will institute a formal review of this portion of its copyright policy .
Please contact us with any concerns or questions .
Sincerely , Patricia Ryan
ACM Chief Operating Officer
ACM also offered to help with the work of adding the Digital Library links .
So nothing will be removed from Ke - Sen ’s pages , and additional useful links will be added .
It will take a little while until the pages are back up , but they will be better than ever .
In the meantime , you can go to the Way Back Machine and find his pages from 2007 and earlier .
The graphics community has engaged with the ACM in a much more active manner than usual , which is a good thing .
We need to remember that it is our organization , and it is only as good as we make it .
So consider volunteering for conferences , paying more attention to ACM elections , etc. – I know I will .
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Internet search giant Google has lifted the lid on its operating system , known as Chrome OS .
The free and open source system is initially aimed at low - cost netbooks and does away with many of the features of a traditional program .
All applications are designed to run in a web browser and all the user 's data is stored on Google 's servers .
Engineers from the firm said the first computers running the system would be available before the end of 2010 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We are trying to offer a choice for users , " said Sundar Pichai , vice - president of product management , during an event at the firm 's headquarters in California .
" This model of computing is fundamentally different . "
The event follows the recent launch of Microsoft 's Windows 7 and Apple 's operating system upgrade , Snow Leopard .
Speed test Google first announced its intention to build an operating system in July this year .
The firm has designed the system around its Chrome browser .
The program was released 14 months ago and already has 40 m regular users , the firm said .
We want Google Chrome OS to be blazingly fast
Sundar Pichai , Google " It 's very familiar and intuitive to users - most people know how to use the browser , " said Mr Pichai .
All programs or applications - such as word processing and e-mail - run in different tabs in the browser .
" There are no conventional desktop applications , " said Mr Pichai .
" That means you do n't have to install or update software .
" It 's just a browser ; a browser with a few modifications . "
Mr Pichai said the system was based around speed , simplicity and security .
He showed it booting up in seven seconds .
" We 're working very , very , very hard to make that time shorter , " he said .
" We want Google Chrome OS to be blazingly fast . "
He said they wanted it to be like a television , where a computer could be switched on and instantly running and connected to the web .
Google has been able to boost the speed of the system by designing it for specific hardware .
The firm said that it would only run on computers using " solid state drives " instead of traditional hard drives .
In addition , the firm has been talking to hardware manufacturers to specify which components to include on finished machines .
This means that the company could " optimise " the code to run as quickly as possible , said Mr Pichai .
Memory games
He used the demonstration to show the machine doing many common tasks such as playing games and music , as well as reading books and writing text .
The system is a direct challenge to Microsoft Windows
Any documents and files created on the computer were automatically synced and saved on Google 's servers , said Matthew Papakipos , an engineer working on the system .
As a result , he added , anybody who lost their computer would be able to buy a new machine and easily recover all their data .
" In a matter of seconds , all the data syncs back to the machine . "
Although the firm envisages most tasks will be done online , it will also offer the capability to use some programs when there is no connection .
It already offers a similar feature for programs such as Gmail and Google Docs using its Gears program .
Initially , the firm envisages people will use the operating system on a second , portable machine .
Memory intensive tasks , such as video editing , would require a more powerful machine .
Open offer
The demonstration could dramatically change the market for operating systems , especially for Microsoft , the biggest player with about 90 % share of the market .
Chrome OS will at first be aimed at low cost netbooks
When it was first announced , Rob Enderle , industry watcher and president of the Enderle Group , described it as " the first real attempt by anyone to go after Microsoft " .
The fact that it is free could encourage many users to try the system .
Currently , Mr Pichai said the company did not have a business plan but admitted that encouraging people to use the web and Google services " benefits us as a company " .
Google derives most of its revenue from selling advertising around search and its other online products .
Most consumers will have to wait until 2010 to get their hands on a device running the system .
However , the firm used the event to release an early version of the code for developers .
" You can get Chrome OS up and running today , " said Mr Pichai .
They said they had chosen to release the code and the designs for the system because it was based on other open source projects including the Linux operating system and the Ubuntu distribution of it .
Open source systems allow people to tinker and use the underlying code to build and customize applications .
It is normal to publish any modifications to allow other people to take advantage of the changes .
" We 're looking forward to feedback from the open source community , " said Mr Pinchai .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the bank 's latest edition of its Monday Mining Minutes , Citi lays out a scenario which it calls the " Nightmare on Commodity Street . " ( via FT Energy Source )
So here ’s the nightmare scenario , which we hope will not happen :
Thousands of very smart speculators have accumulated the biggest ever
speculative physical raw material positions ever witnessed in the belief that
either the dollar will collapse or an ongoing global ‘ Supercycle ’ will shake off
the effects of the credit crunch and resume business as usual .
They are
funded in this venture by some of the lowest interest rates on record .
What are
the threats to their thesis ?.
They are as follows :
1. Governments , having pumped huge amounts of money into the global
system , find they are running our of fire - power even while economies are
still at the incubation - stage of recovery ( i.e. the kind of stage we saw
displayed last week in the poor USA housing starts data ) .
Some
governments find that suddenly their bonds are considered to be ‘ toxic ’
and a far higher interest rate is demanded for ongoing participation .
2 . The global economy not only experiences a slower upturn than the
consensus view , but after the recent inventory - restocking phase is over , it
relapses into a W - shaped recession .
More jobs are lost and people who
have been unemployed but still able to keep up their mortgage payments
( because of near - zero interest rates ) are suddenly defaulting .
Banks finally
have to write down the value of these assets and housing markets around
the world are flooded with new inventory .
New - build is out of the question .
Orders for new fridges , washing machines , stoves , taps and other items
that metals so depend on for demand , simply freeze .
3 . The global commercial property market finally grinds to a halt .
High-rise
buildings that began to be built 18 months ago , before the credit crisis , are
finally completed .
Their last copper wiring and plumbing has been
installed ( always the last phase ) , their aluminium windows all in place .
Few
new high - rise buildings are started , awaiting the glut of space to be used
up
4. China .
A real conundrum .
This is either a really vibrant economy that will
keep going from strength to strength or it is an economy in which over -
investment was constantly rewarded because underlying demand was
always growing at a pace that subsequently justified that investment .
There
has been substantial over - investment in recent times and the question now
is whether domestic demand and export demand will step up to the plate
to belatedly justify that over - investment .
Demand has done this with
monotonous regularity in the past 10 years .
The question is whether the
global credit crisis has changed that demand profile forever such that
over - investment results in ongoing medium - term overcapacity and sends a
shock wave that freezes new investment .
We will have to wait patiently to
see if this threat comes to the fore .
If these threats come to pass , we will truly have a ‘ Nightmare on Commodity
Street ’ .
The commodity space could resemble ‘ Sub - Prime II ’ and would
demonstrate that investors never learned anything from the shock waves that
descended on global investment in 2H 08 .
This is not a new feature of human
nature .
There ’s a simple principle that operates at times like this : investors
experience a huge bull market that takes asset classes from a value of 100 to
say 300 .
A crash comes and investors find those assets trading at 150 and
simply by virtue of the 50 % fall , the assets are deemed to be cheap .
Investors
pile in and the inevitable funds - flow - fuelled price rise to 230 justifies the
optimism , even while the fundamentals are not playing ball and supporting that
230 level .
The Network Revolution Versus the State and Its Allies
Fellow C4SS commentator Tom Knapp reported a few weeks ago on an activist at the G - 20 summit in Pittsburgh who was arrested for using Twitter , from a hotel room , to inform demonstrators of police movements .
Tom pointed out that next time the organizers , typical of all forms of networked resistance , will adapt their tactics accordingly by setting up their comm station on the other side of jurisdictional lines .
And of course activists of all sorts , across the whole spectrum of movements , will adopt the lessons for their own .
This is the kind of thing John Robb and Jeff Vail regularly blog on .
Resistance movements are governed by the same dynamic as the open - source software community , as described by Eric Raymond in “ The Cathedral and the Bazaar . ”
Innovations are developed rapidly by self - managed individuals , independently — stigmergically — and then those innovations that prove themselves useful are rapidly adopted by the entire network .
In hierarchies , the inefficiencies of organizations are multiples of all the individual inefficiencies of their members ; in networks , they ’re contained and bypassed as the innovations of the most efficient are adopted universally with zero transaction costs .
That ’s what “ Fourth Generation Warfare ” is : asymmetric warfare governed by the developmental ethos of Linux .
The same principle governs file - sharing and DRM .
According to Cory Doctorow , the music industry assumes its DRM only has to be good enough to thwart the average user , because the geeks capable of cracking it are too insignificant numerically to bother taking measures against .
But thanks to network culture , once the geeks crack it , anyone capable of using Google or going to a torrent download site can benefit from their expertise .
Networks enable widespread and rapid adoption of innovations developed by a few , much more efficiently than the formulation of “ best practices ” by enormous bureaucratic hierarchies .
The generals in the giant bureaucracies are always busy fighting the last war .
The TSA bureaucrats expend tens of thousands of committee man-hours to make sure nobody can ever hijack a plane again , or hide explosives in their shoes , or smuggle in explosives in shampoo bottles — stuff that Al Qaeda would never try twice anyway , because they turn on a dime to come up with the next thing the TSA bureaucrats have n’t thought of yet .
This is part of a much broader phenomenon .
David Ronfeldt , formerly a Rand analyst who wrote about Netwar back in the ’90s , uses a TIMN typology to classify forms of organization : Tribes , Institutions ( i.e. hierarchies ) , Markets , and Networks .
The central transistion of our time is from the dominance of Institutions to that of Networks ( I would argue that it ’s a transition from a limited toleration of markets within a bureaucratic / institutional framework , to the free coexistence of markets and networks ) .
We see hierarchical institutions challenged , and soundly beaten , on every side by the new network culture .
Cops are terrified not only that activists are Tweeting their movements at demos , but that — in a world of ubiquitous cell phone cameras — they ’ll be on Candid Camera next time they pull a Rodney King .
Every time a surly drunken cop assaults a bartender , or cops publicly urinate during a Police Day parade , they wind up on YouTube .
Large organizations of all kinds are learning what the Streisand Effect is all about : when institutions attempt to suppress embarrassing information on the Web , their very attempt to suppress it winds up attracting publicity beyond their worst nightmares .
Just to take a couple of recent examples , consider 1 ) Trafigura ’s attempt to prevent The Guardian , by court injunction , from reporting a Member of Parliament ’s question (! ) about their dumping of toxic waste in Africa , and 2 ) Ralph Lauren ’s attempted use of DMCA letters to suppress mockery of the freakishly photoshopped model in one of his ads .
In both cases , the lawyers found out what it must have been like for Pharaoh ’s charioteers with the Red Sea crashing over them ; they caved in a matter of hours .
In labor relations , corporations that have successfully fought off union drives for decades have found themselves in the public fishbowl , thanks to efforts like those of the Imolakee Workers and the Wal - Mart Workers Association .
Corporations are terrified that disgruntled employees are not only networking on the Web , but leaking embarrassing documents to Wikileaks , setting up CompanyNameSucks .
Com websites , and mass - emailing the company ’s dirty laundry to suppliers , outlets , consumer groups , and investigative journalists .
Cultural monkey - wrenching is a classic asymmetric warfare tactic : both devastating and virtually risk - free .
Professional journalists profess outrage at the lack of “ fact - checking ” among bloggers and Internet journalists .
But in fact it ’s the Web journalists and bloggers who ARE the fact - checkers .
Now when a conventional journalist puts out copy regurgitating for the the ten thousandth time that ( say ) “ Saddam kicked out the UN inspectors in December 1998 , ” it ’ll usually be a blogger publicly drawing attention to the lie and correcting it , with a hyperlink to the truth .
The Web ’s fact - checking function is done on the same adversarial model that governs Wikipedia .
The real reason conventional journalism is so hostile to the Internet is that it ’s being held accountable by real fact - checkers for the first time .
Large , hierarchical organizations everywhere , for the first time since the rise of unidirectional broadcast culture , are just starting to learn that they ’re living in a world where we can talk to each other — and THEY CAN ’T SHUT US UP .
Within such organizations , employees and subordinates who have grown up in the network culture view bureaucratic authoritarianism as damage to be routed around .
As I ’ve written before , the 20th century was the era of the large organization ; by the end of the 21st , there wo n’t be enough of them left to bury .
Translations for this article :
Chansa Kabwela sent the photos to the vice - president , among others A Zambian journalist has been acquitted of pornography charges after sending officials pictures of a woman giving birth in a hospital car park .
The incident happened during a nurses ' strike and the baby died .
Zambian President Rupiah Banda had described the photos as pornographic .
Chansa Kabwela said she had sent them in protest at the effects of the strike that paralysed the country 's hospitals .
She would have faced a five - year jail sentence if convicted .
This victory to me is a victory for those that suffered during the strike
Chansa Kabwela
Surreal drama of ' porn ' trial
But the magistrate in the case said he had heard nothing to indicate that the photographs were obscene .
Outside the court , Ms Kabwela - who is news editor for The Post newspaper - described the verdict as a victory for everyone affected by the strike .
" This victory to me is a victory for those that suffered during the strike , " she said , quoted by South Africa 's Sapa news agency .
" I was confident that I would be acquitted . "
Graphic pictures
Ms Kabwela did not publish the controversial photographs , but sent copies to a number of prominent people and women 's rights groups , along with a letter calling for the strike to be brought to an end .
The BBC's Jo Fidgen in Lusaka says the pictures are graphic , showing a woman in the process of giving birth to a baby in the breech position - when the baby 's legs come out first .
Its shoulders , legs and arms are visible , but the head has not yet been delivered .
The photos were apparently taken in the grounds of Lusaka 's main hospital .
The nurses were on strike and the woman had been turned away from two clinics .
By the time doctors operated , the baby had suffocated .
Ms Kabwela says she was given the photographs by the woman 's relatives .
Pornography is illegal in Zambia and Ms Kabwela was arrested soon afterwards and charged with distributing obscene material with intent to corrupt public morals .
In her view , and in the view of campaigners for press freedom , the case is political .
The Post has pursued the government with allegations of corruption and the president has made no secret of his dislike of the paper , our correspondent says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The stringoccurs at position 50,366,472 counting from the first digit after the decimal point .
The 3 . is not counted .
The string and surrounding digits :
301431972971594170053141592609521470412250941070
' The Princess and the Frog ' and other movies can help parents start conversations with their children about weight , skin color and beauty
Even before they start school , many young girls worry that they are fat .
But a new study suggests watching a movie starring a stereotypically thin and beautiful princess may not increase children 's anxieties .
Nearly half of the 3 - to 6 - year - old girls in a study by University of Central Florida psychology professor Stacey Tantleff - Dunn and doctoral student Sharon Hayes said they worry about being fat .
About one - third would change a physical attribute , such as their weight or hair color .
The number of girls worried about being fat at such a young age concerns Tantleff - Dunn because of the potential implications later in life .
Studies have shown that young girls worried about their body image are more likely to suffer from eating disorders when they are older .
The encouraging news for parents is that taking their young daughters to see the new Disney film " The Princess and the Frog " is n't likely to influence how they perceive their bodies .
The UCF study , published online this week in the British Journal of Developmental Psychology , concluded that young girls ' behavior or self - esteem did not appear to be influenced by video clips of the beautiful , thin princesses in animated children 's movies .
That 's a sharp contrast to earlier studies showing how the self - esteem of older girls and women suffers after short - term exposure to thin , beautiful models on television and in the movies .
While the study found no short - term consequences for young girls , the media 's portrayal of beauty likely is one of the strongest influences on how they perceive their bodies because children spend so much time watching movies and television , Tantleff - Dunn said .
That 's why it 's important for parents to use movies such as " The Princess and the Frog , " which premieres Nov. 25 in New York and Los Angeles and Dec. 11 nationwide , to start conversations with their children about weight , skin color and their perceptions of beauty , she said .
They can explain that princesses ' tiny waists are not realistic for girls and that children do n't need Cinderella 's golden hair or Snow White 's porcelain skin to look good .
" We need to help our children challenge the images of beauty , particularly thinness , that they see and idolize and encourage them to question how much appearance should be part of their self - worth , " said Tantleff - Dunn , who directs UCF's Laboratory for the Study of Eating , Appearance and Health .
" We should help them build a positive self - image with an appreciation for many different types of body attributes . "
Criticism and teasing from parents , siblings and peers also shape how young girls perceive their bodies , Tantleff - Dunn said .
And as their children 's most important role models , parents also shouldavoid criticizing their own bodies .
During the study , each of the 121 girls was taken into a room with a " playmate " -- a trained research associate in her 20s who had experience working with children .
After chatting for several minutes , the playmate asked each girl how she feels about the way she looks .
Thirty - one percent indicated they almost always worry about being fat , while another 18 percent said they sometimes worry about it .
Half of the girls watched parts of animated children 's movies such as Cinderella that featured young , beautiful characters and appearance - focused comments , such as Gaston telling Belle in Beauty and the Beast that she is " the most beautiful girl in town , and that makes her the best . "
The second group watched parts of animated children 's movies such as Dora the Explorer and Clifford the Big Red Dog that do not contain any appearance - related messages .
In a room that featured a dress - up rack of costumes , a vanity , dinosaurs and more , children then spent about the same amount of time on appearance - related play activities , such as brushing their hair at the vanity , regardless of which set of movies they watched .
While older girls and women tend to compare their bodies to the models ' , younger children may be more likely to adopt the persona of the princesses while playing , the UCF researchers said .
###
Tantleff - Dunn began teaching at UCF in 1996 after she received her doctoral degree in clinical psychology from the University of South Florida and taught there as a visiting assistant professor for two years .
Her research interests include body image , eating behavior , interpersonal relationships and women 's issues .
She has a part - time private practice in Winter Park , Fla .
The name earwig comes from Old English eare " ear " and wicga " insect " .
It is fancifully related to the notion that earwigs burrow into the brains of humans through the ear and therein lay their eggs .
This belief , however , is false .
Nevertheless , being exploratory and omnivorous , earwigs probably do crawl into the human ear ; even if they are only looking for a humid crevice in which to hide , such behavior provides a memorable basis for the name .
Earwig is the common name given to the insect order Dermaptera characterized by membranous wings folded underneath short leathery forewings ( hence the literal name of the orderâ€ ” " skin wings " ) .
The abdomen extends well beyond the wings , and frequently , though not always , ends in a pair of forceps - like cerci .
With about 1,800 recorded species in 10 families , the order is relatively small among Insecta .
Earwigs are , however , quite common globally .
There is no evidence that they transmit disease or otherwise harm humans or other animals , despite their nickname pincher bug .
Physiology
Most earwigs are elongate , flattened , and are dark brown .
Lengths are mostly in the 10â € “ 14 mm range , with the St. Helena earwig reaching 80 mm .
Cerci range from nonexistent to long arcs up to one - third as long as the rest of the body .
As in other orthopteroid insects , mouthparts are adapted for chewing .
When earwigs have wings ( are not agnathous ) , the hindwings are folded in a complex fashion , so that they fit under the forewings .
Earwigs rarely fly .
The abdomen of the earwig is flexible and muscular .
It is capable of maneuvering as well as opening and closing of the forceps .
The forceps are used for a variety of purposes .
In some species , the forceps have also been observed in use for holding prey , and in copulation .
The forceps tend to be more curved in males than in females .
Most earwigs found in Europe and North America are Forficula auricularia , the European earwig , which is distributed throughout the cooler parts of the northern hemisphere .
They feed on other insects , plants , ripe fruit , and garbage .
Plants they feed on typically include clover , dahlias , zinnias , butterfly bush , hollyhock , lettuce , strawberry , sunflowers , celery , peaches , plums , grapes , potatoes , roses , seedling beans and beets , and tender grass shoots and roots ; they have also been known to eat corn silk , damaging the corn .
Typically they are a nuisance because of their diet , but normally do not present serious hazards to crops .
Some tropical species are brightly colored .
Occasionally earwigs are confused with cockroaches because of their cerci and their long antennae .
Earwigs are most active at night and can be seen patrolling household walls and ceilings .
Interaction with earwigs at this time results in a defensive free fall to the ground below , and the subsequent scramble to a nearby cleft or crevice .
Earwigs are drawn to damp conditions .
During the summer they can be found around sinks and in bathrooms .
Earwigs tend to gather in shady cracks or openings or anywhere they can remain concealed in daylight hours .
Picnic tables , compost and waste bins , patios , lawn furniture , window frames or anything with minute spaces can potentially harbour these unwanted residents .
Upon gaining entry to the basement and living areas of the home , earwigs can easily find cover in undisturbed magazine and newspaper piles , furniture / wickerwork , base boards , carpeted stairways , pet food dishes , and even inside DVD cases and keyboards .
Earwigs are inclined to take risks and are exploratory creatures but are overly unaware of the consequences and are often found trapped in poison baited cups or buckets of soapy water .
Pest control
While earwigs can be considered in some ways a beneficial part of the garden , they can become a nuisance because of their diet .
Since they prefer cool , moist places , a rolled up damp newspaper placed where earwig activity is suspected can be effective in collecting them .
The newspaper can then either be discarded or shaken out .
Placing diatomaceous earth in key spots around the home ( bathroom , baseboards , window frames ) can be a long - term repellent .
Another method of removing earwigs is by utilizing their attraction to vegetable oil .
Putting vegetable oil in a pie tin and burying it up to the rim of the tin is an effective way of capturing them .
Another effective method of earwig control is to take steps to control the population before they hatch by removing rotting underbrush and spraying with commercially available insecticidal nematodes , which invade the earwigs in their nymphal stage and infect them with a lethal bacterium .
Some persons report being able to reduce earwig populations around the house by trapping .
Place burlap bags , boards , newspapers or other cover material on mulch , shrubbery and similar habitats .
Collect individuals that congregate under the cover and discard .
As a last resort insecticides can be sprayed around the house to stop or limit earwigs from getting indoors .
Treat a three to six foot band around the house adjacent to the foundation ( perimeter treatment ) .
Apply a home garden or turfgrass insecticide labeled for this purpose as needed and according to label directions .
Applications in late afternoon are preferred .
Use sufficient spray water ( or post - treatment irrigation ) to move the insecticide through mulch materials to the hiding places underneath .
Insecticides available for this use by homeowners in Iowa include carbaryl ( Sevin ) , cyfluthrin , permethrin and several more .
– From Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia
Few things in life can influence us quite the way music can .
Music can set a mood , make us relax or feel energized , and for many people there is that special song that is forever connected with a significant moment in their life .
And great music needs a great player !
With Amarok 2.2 , codenamed " Sunjammer " , the Amarok team is very proud to present the next step towards the ultimate music player !
Many weeks have passed since our last version , and so many changes and improvements have found their way into version 2.2 .
Over all , the team is quite proud of all the improvements and was lucky to be able to plan and coordinate those in two developer sprints , one in Berlin and one during the Gran Canaria Desktop Summit , made possible by your support for Amarok and KDE .
To put this into perspective :
In the last three and a half months we closed 654 bugs , made close to 2200 commits to the code , of which more than a hundred were made in the first 24 hours after the release of version 2.1.1 .
The code statistics show that we changed a total of 1935 files , wrote 101693 new lines , and removed 73774 obsolete lines of code .
Amarok 2.2 comes with an almost completely new look and feel .
It now has a new layout for the Browser Pane on the left and an easier navigation using " bread crumbs " on top .
All elements , the Browser Pane , Context View and the Playlist are dockable widgets , which you can place how and where you like .
It is even possible to stack or remove them .
Of course it 's up to you to change the position , width and height to your liking .
The Playlist has seen a complete overhaul and comes with many new features , allowing you to sort and shuffle the content .
A layout editor comes with three different pre-configured layouts and allows you to build your own preferred layout you can save .
This way you can have the playlist only contain the information that is important to you .
Clicking on a track twice allows you to edit the content in - line in the playlist for quick tag corrections and song ratings .
Playing an opera where you would like to find a particular passage easily ?
Do you have tracks with a lot of silence before a hidden song that you would like hear with a simple click ?
Just add bookmarks .
Listening to audiobooks and podcasts is made so much easier with bookmarks too , since you can group and edit them with the bookmark manager !
The Context View has seen layout improvements as well .
It comes with automatic resizing for the applets and you can place them where you would like to have them .
A new photo applet shows you pictures of the artist and a video applet finds contextual videos for the now playing artist .
The Wikipedia applet has been extended to allow you to change the language of the content , based on the system languages installed , and you can show information either for the artist , the album or the track you are listening to .
Join us and rediscover music !
The collection has seen a lot of changes and bug fixes : Scanning has improved and is now much faster and more accurate , the import of the Amarok 1.4 database has been improved and you can use an external MySQL database now , too .
Insert an Audio CD and it will show up in the Collection Browser , allowing you to play directly from the CD or to copy the CD content to your collection .
The same applies to media devices : UMS devices show up in the Collection browser , as do various other media players .
Dynamic Playlists have the new possibility to use Biases based on Last.fm and Echonest .
Do n't know what to listen to ?
Let Amarok decide with the help of Last.fm and Echo Nest .
Amarok 2.2 marks the start of a series of 2.2.x releases that will focus on improving what is there rather than adding major new features .
A new release will follow approximately every 6 weeks and bring with it bugfixes and improvements , as well as a few new features .
So look forward to more regular Amarok updates in the near future .
The placebo effect is not only real ; its ability to deaden pain has been pinpointed to cells in the spinal cord .
That raises hopes for new ways of treating conditions such as chronic pain .
The researchers who made the discovery scanned the spinal cords of volunteers while applying painful heat to one arm .
Then they rubbed a cream onto the arm and told the volunteers that it contained a painkiller – but in fact it had no active ingredient .
Even so , the cream made spinal - cord neural activity linked to pain vanish .
“ This type of mechanism has been envisioned for over 40 years for placebo analgesia , ” says Donald Price , a neuroscientist at the University of Florida in Gainesville , who was not involved in the new study .
“ This study provides the most direct test of this mechanism to date . ”
Indeed , the biggest obstacle to establishing the spinal cord ’s role in placebo pain relief was measuring its activity with fMRI scanning , says Falk Eippert , a neuroscientist at the University Medical Centre Hamburg - Eppendorf in Germany , who led the study .
Advertisement
Squeezing a scan
FMRI scanning has long been used to image the brain , but the part of the spinal cord that Eippert ’s team was interested in – the dorsal horn – is minuscule in comparison , and so is harder to image .
It also swims around in cerebrospinal fluid , further complicating real - time measurement .
The team ’s first breakthrough was to squeeze an fMRI signal out of the spinal cord .
Then they quickly adapted the technique to study placebo pain relief .
This meant telling 13 volunteers a white lie .
They were told that the researchers were testing how effective a painkilling cream was , with an inactive cream as a control on the trial .
In fact , neither cream contained anaesthetic .
However , when Eippert ’s team applied the alleged painkilling cream for the first time , they turned down the intensity of painful heat stimulation to 40 per cent of each volunteer ’s pain threshold – 46 °C on average .
When the team tested the alleged control cream , they kept the temperature set at 80 per cent of the pain threshold – an average of 47 °C .
Because of this “ fixing ” of the temperatures , the volunteers would think , “ ‘ OK , this really seems to work , and it will work when I take it the next time , ' ” Eippert explains .
Feeling the heat
Later , with an fMRI scanner on , the researchers rubbed “ control ” and “ painkiller ” creams onto two different spots on each volunteer ’s left forearm and applied the same level of heat to each spot , 15 times .
The fake “ painkiller ” cream worked : volunteers said they experienced 26 per cent less pain on the “ painkiller ” - treated patch of their arm , compared with the “ control ” - treated area .
Meanwhile , the fMRI scanner witnessed the placebo effect .
When skin treated with the “ control ” cream was heated , an area of the dorsal horn located on the left side of volunteers ’ lower necks lit up , suggesting increased neural activity there in response to pain .
However , this signal disappeared in the “ painkiller ” trials .
Eippert ’s team did n’t discover what caused this shift .
He speculates that higher brain areas involved in buying into the bogus treatment trigger the release of endogenous opioids – chemicals our brain produces that work like opiates and may temper spinal cord activity .
Now that researchers know the neural hallmark of placebo pain relief , they could use it to develop treatments , cognitive or chemical , that take better advantage of belief , Eippert says .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1180142
Could adults gossiping in the office be more devious than the teenagers in “ Gossip Girl ” ?
If you have a hard time believing this , then you must have skipped the latest issue of the Journal of Contemporary Ethnography .
Perhaps you saw “ ethnography ” and assumed it would just be quaint reports from the Amazon and the South Seas .
But this time enthnographers have returned from the field with footage of a truly savage native ritual : teachers at an elementary school in the Midwest dishing about their principal behind her back .
These are rare records of “ gossip episodes , ” which have been the subject of a long - running theoretical debate among anthropologists and sociologists .
One side , the functionalist school , sees gossip as a useful tool for enforcing social rules and maintaining group solidarity .
The other school sees gossip more as a hostile endeavor by individuals selfishly trying to advance their own interests .
But both schools have spent more time theorizing than observing gossipers in their natural habitats .
Until now , their flow charts of gossips ’ conversations ( where would social science be without flow charts ? ) have been largely based on studies in informal settings , like the casual conversations recorded in a German housing project and in the cafeteria of an American middle school .
The earlier studies found that once someone made a negative comment about a person who was n’t there , the conversation would get meaner unless someone immediately defended the target .
Otherwise , among both adults and teenagers , the insults would keep coming because there was so much social pressure to agree with the others .
If a man – any man , apparently they 're all the same – says he hates women , he 's being sexist .
But some women have no qualms about pigeonholing all men into one category of violent , abhorrent brutes and calling it feminism .
And that 's when feminism becomes nothing more than another form of sexism .
Take the revolutionary feminists ( RFs ) , who called for all women to embrace lesbianism .
" Women are told we must love our oppressors , while , as feminists , we fight to end the power afforded them as a birthright , " writes Julie Bindel in her discussion of this idea .
The first problem with this outlook is the notion that the only people fighting against the oppression of women are female .
As Cif posters have pointed out , you only need to look at the American election race to see the flaw in this viewpoint .
Barack Obama has championed reproductive choice , made women 's rights a priority and overturned the global gag rule .
Then there was Sarah Palin , who was in charge of a municipality that made rape victims pay for their own forensic examinations .
Many people saw the backlash against Palin in terms of her sex .
For example , the Guardian 's Kira Cochrane said it was misogynist .
Apparently , it 's fine to say all men are rubbish , but if we criticise a woman , that 's automatically deemed to be sexist , as if being female is some kind of " get out of jail free " card that excuses us from playing by the very rules we want men to keep .
Tina Crockett , one of the RFs quoted in Bindel 's piece , said they were trying to challenge the " excuses " heterosexual women used for their relationship with men .
She said the women who pointed out that some men were " okay " were " refusing to look at the fact that some men really do hate women " .
Yes , some men do hate women .
But let 's not use that as a reason to hate all men .
The women who fight sexism while also sharing their beds with men are not the ones being hypocritical .
I share my bed with a man .
That does n't mean I 'm deluded , or that I 'm somehow complicit in the maltreatment of women .
If feminists seek to reinforce the stereotype that all men are oppressors and all women are oppressed , they 're reinforcing the very definitions that created the need for feminism in the first place .
I 'd like to think that 21st century feminism would advocate doing away with these narrow parameters and see people as people .
When Stephanie Theobald wrote about tomboys , their mothers made comments such as : " In some ways , my daughter is very feminine – if there 's a baby in the room she will pick it up and hold it so tenderly " .
If we want to achieve true equality , feminists need to stop categorising human traits as masculine or feminine .
Feminists should be the last people doing this .
We should be seeking to shatter all stereotypes , not cherry - picking the ones that suit us .
Do that and you 're not abolishing the patriarchy , you 're becoming the very thing you are fighting against .
When we wrote that OR Books , publishers of the Sarah Palin parody " Going Rouge , " might be hoping to confuse buyers looking for " Going Rogue " with their evil - twin cover and typo - switcheroo title , we did n't imagine that the media would be caught up in their ruse .
Today the New York Post reports that several media have mixed up the two books .
USA Today posted an image of the cover of " Going Rouge " to accompany its review of " Going Rogue " on the Oval , correcting it later with the note , " Erratum :
An earlier posting featured the photo of a different Sarah Palin book .
The Oval regrets the error . "
Fox News also displayed the cover image of " Going Rouge " while discussing Palin 's actual memoir .
And CNN reported that Obama administration officials were sharing copies of " Going Rouge , " when the book that had actual changed hands was the official " Going Rogue . "
To try to counter the confusion , someone -- possibly publisher HarperCollins -- has been purchasing Google ads that point to " Going Rogue : An American Life " when people search for " Going Rouge , " just in case they 're not looking for the satire but have mistyped the title .
This , indie publisher OR Books told Page Six , " seems very unsporting . "
But maybe it's just the media that have been confused by the doppleganger books .
Palin fans have been able to find her memoir without a problem at Amazon ( even if they can't get it signed ) , where it remains atop the Amazon bestseller list .
-- Carolyn Kellogg
View Transcript
Transcript
Asok says , " If I do a great job with the pandemic contingency planning , can I have a bonus ? "
The Boss says , " I wo n't know if you did a great job unless we actually have a pandemic emergency . "
Asok says , " So ? if there is a pandemic , I might get a bonus ? "
The boss says , " I do n't like where this is heading . "
F.F. of Los Angeles – Insurance Bad Faith – $ 40.5 Million Jury Verdict *– Offer by Insurance $ 0
P.C of Los Angeles – Auto Accident – $ 4.1 Million Settlement * Offer by Insurance $ 0
E.B of Los Angeles – Burn Injury - Apartment Fire – $ 3.70 Million Jury Verdict * – Offer by Insurance $ 0
J.P of Whittier – Slip and Fall - $ 685,000 Settlement *
J.G of Mira Loma – Auto Accident – $ 3 Million Settlement *
G.C of Garden Grove – Dog Bite – $ 600,000 Settlement *
D.C of San Bernardino – Auto Accident – $ 22 Million Jury Verdict * – Offer by Insurance $ 100,000
M.D. of Los Angeles – Pedestrian hit by MTA Bus – $ 1.75 Million Settlement *
H.P of Montebello – Truck Accident – $ 4.5 Million Settlement *
E.R of Los Angeles – Injured by Fireworks – $ 2.25 Million Settlement * – Offered by Insurance $ 100,000
Kottler & Kottler cases settled in excess of $ 100,000
Year 2011 – 47 cases | Year 2012 – 46 cases | Year 2013 – 65 cases
* This advertisement may contain a testimonial or endorsement which does not constitute a guarantee , or warranty , or predication regarding the outcome of your legal matter .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Personal bankruptcies topped the 1 million mark in the first nine months of the year , the first time it has done so in four years , according to an industry research firm released Friday .
The personal bankruptcies were up 35 % from the same period in 2008 , according to the report from the American Bankruptcy Institute ( ABI ) .
" Bankruptcy filings continue to climb as consumers look to shelter themselves from the effects of rising unemployment rates and housing debt , " said ABI executive director Samuel Gerdano .
The recession triggered more individuals earning $ 40,000 or more per year and those with associate or bachelor degrees to file for bankruptcy in 2008 than in years past , according to the annual Consumer Bankruptcy Demographic Report released by the Institute for Financial Literacy in June , and the organization expects the trend to continue .
" The folks going into bankruptcy are reflective of the middle class debtor , " said Leslie Linfield , executive director of the Institute for Financial Literacy .
" The biggest problem is that people are over extended on their credit .
It 's been the perfect storm of credit card debt and mortgage debt leading to delinquencies . "
While only 37.6 % of consumers who filed for bankruptcy in 2008 attributed job loss , Linfield expects that number to rise significantly for 2009 .
" At the end of last year , unemployment had n't crept up as high as it is now , " Linfield said .
Unemployment , which climbed from 7.2 % in December 2008 to 9.8 % in September 2009 , will continue to push consumer bankruptcies higher until they peak in late 2010 or 2011 before leveling off , said Linfield .
There were 1,046,449 consumer bankruptcies in the first nine months of this year .
It was the highest nine - month figure since 2005 , when consumers filed 1,350,360 bankruptcies in the first three quarters of the year , according to ABI , which uses data from the National Bankruptcy Research Center .
But while the 2005 figure was influenced by a change in the bankruptcy law , this year 's filings are a lagging indicator of the depths of the current economic crisis , said Maureen Thompson , legislative director for the National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys in Washington .
" People end up in a bankruptcy attorney 's office as a last resort , " she said .
" They are people who have been laid off , have tried to hang on with their savings thinking they could weather the storm , and are doing whatever they can to pay off their debt , " adding that consumers usually feel forced to file when they face legal action .
In October 2005 that Congress passed a law making it harder for consumers to prove that they should be allowed to just clear their debts in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
The new law forced more people to file under Chapter 13 , in which consumers are put on a repayment plan of up to five years .
Any debts not addressed by the repayment plan do not have to be paid .
In the months leading up to the law change , more people rushed to file for bankruptcy before the act was effective , said Thompson , accounting for the " artificially high " number of filings that year .
Still , about 71 % of consumers who filed for bankruptcy in the first nine months of the year filed for Chapter 7 , up from 66.5 % in 2008 , according to ABI .
ABI , an industry research firm , expects consumers to file more than 1.4 million bankruptcies in 2009 , up at least 30 % from last year 's total of 1,074,225 .
September 2009 filings rose to 124,790 which was up 4 % from August 2009 and up 41 % from September 2008 .
With the news that Microsoft is withdrawing its ads from Fox ’s “ Family Guy ” because “ the content was not a fit with the Windows brand , ” the animated sitcom continues its long streak of raising hackles .
Since its 1999 post–Super Bowl debut , the show has pursued recklessly irreverent comedy that ’s earned its producers consistently high ratings — and a lot of headaches .
Here are nine other groups who ’ve protested its testing of social limits .
The 2008 John McCain Presidential Campaign
Objection : Hints that McCain and Sarah Palin are fascists
Last year , many questioned whether the show had ventured “ into uncharted territory ” by appearing to liken the McCain / Palin ticket to the Nazi Party .
In the episode , the family ’s talking infant and talking dog find themselves transported to WWII Europe .
When the baby notes a McCain / Palin campaign pin on his Nazi uniform , he remarks , “ Huh , that ’s weird . ”
The Parents Television Council
Objection : “ Perversion ”
The advocacy group took special exception to an episode that aired in March , initiating a complaint campaign to the FCC : “ Should a Sunday night cartoon show YOUR children bestiality , gay orgies , and babies eating sperm ? ” the PTC asked .
“ Fox thinks so . ”
Carol Burnett
Objection :
Her portrayal as a porn - store janitor
Comedian Carol Burnett filed a $ 6 million lawsuit against Twentieth Century Fox over a scene that depicted her as a custodian in an adult - film store , claiming it “ disparaged ” her and ripped off trademarked elements of her act .
Burnett ultimately lost the suit .
Tom Cruise
Objection :
His depiction as a gay kidnapper
In one provocative episode , Cruise is shown literally trying to run away from his gay thoughts ( represented by a thought bubble ) .
In another , he ’s depicted keeping Katie Holmes and an array of what appear to be male concubines prisoner at his home with electronic ankle bracelets and a “ forcefield . ”
Bourne Company
Objection : An anti-Semitic parody of “ When You Wish Upon a Star ” from the 1940 film “ Pinocchio ”
Parodying Walt Disney ’s alleged anti-Semitism , Peter Griffin sings lyrics such as “ Though by many they 're abhorred , / Hebrew people I ’ve adored , / Even though they killed my lord , / I need a Jew ! ”
Though Fox chose not to air the episode , the owners of the original song sued anyway .
First Lady Laura Bush
Objection : Gratuitously rehashing a personal tragedy
A 2008 episode made repeated and — to many observers — gratuitous reference to a tragedy from Laura Bush ’s distant past ( at age 17 she ran a stop sign , causing an accident that took the life of a friend ) .
Lois and Peter Griffin attend a Halloween party dressed as , respectively , Laura Bush and “ a bleeding man crisscrossed with tire tracks . ”
AIDS advocacy groups
Objection : Glib treatment of the AIDS epidemic
When a 2005 episode featured a jaunty musical number about the disease , groups such as AIDS Project Los Angeles protested that “ joking about a disease that affects more than 40 million people worldwide , most of whom will die of the ailment , is reprehensible and serves only to worsen AIDS - related stigma . ”
Letter - writing viewers
Objection : A depiction of John F. Kennedy as a Pez dispenser
A disturbing scene ( since deleted ) featured a miniature version of the 35th president of the United States with a bullet wound in his head from which candy popped .
In a panel discussion , creator Seth MacFarlane cited the sequence as one of the most offensive in series history .
Fox network executives
Objection :
An abortion - themed episode
Focusing on the question of whether Lois would terminate a pregnancy , this boundary - pushing episode — which Fox declined to air — featured a number of jokes that “ caused audible gasps and demonstrated the episode is not TV - safe ” when the script was read aloud to a live theater audience earlier this year .
THE mystery of the rocky Mars " monolith " which set tongues wagging around the world when it appeared to show evidence there was once life on the Red Planet has been solved - and alien hopefuls wo n't be impressed
Captured by a high - resolution camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter last July , it resembled the black monolith from Stanley Kubrick 's movie 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
But Britain's Daily Mail newspaper reveals scientists at the University of Arizona , which captured the original image , insist it 's just a broken boulder .
University spokesman Yisrael Spinoza said : " It would be unwise to refer to it as a ' monolith ' or ' structure ' because that implies something artificial , like it was put there by someone for example .
" In reality it 's more likely that this boulder has been created by breaking away from the bedrock to create a rectangular - shaped feature . "
Scientist Alfred McEwen added : " There are lots of rectangular boulders on Earth and Mars and other planets .
" Layering from rock deposition combined with tectonic fractures creates right - angle planes of weakness such that rectangular blocks tend to weather out and separate from the bedrock . "
India today asked China not to discriminate against its nationals either on the basis of ethnicity or domicile in the matter of granting visas .
In doing so , India laid squarely on the table the implied question mark on the issue of Chinese recognition to Kashmir , following a report in The Hindu that China follows a separate procedure for the residents of Kashmir , who are granted visas by that country on a separate piece of paper , although they are Indian nationals and hold Indian passports like all other Indian citizens .
An Indian spokesman today said India ’s “ well - justified concerns ” had been conveyed to the Chinese government .
This controversy marks the latest in India - China relations , with the Indian government having denied the recent two incursions by China into Indian territory on the grounds that there was no agreed boundary between the two countries .
Union Home Minister P Chidambaram said recently that Chinese workers ( thousands of them work in projects run by various Chinese companies all over India ) would have to return to their country if they did not have proper work visas .
Chinese workers are in India on business visas , while they are required to have employment visas .
“ We have a lot of unskilled and semi-skilled workers in the country .
However , if it is a case of specially skilled or high skilled , we may consider it but only till the project is set up , ” Chidambaram told reporters when asked about demands by certain foreign companies to send their workers for setting up their projects in India , earlier this week .
Several hundred workers from Chinese company DongFan were asked to return to China from Kolkata after it was discovered that they had the wrong category of visas .
Pakistan , which describes its relations with China as an “ all - weather friendship ” , also does not recognise Kashmir as a part of India on account of a boundary dispute and refers to it as disputed .
Readers have lately been asking me to write about IBM .
It seems the BBC has been on the case somewhat over imposed changes to Big Blue ’s UK pension scheme .
These mirror similar — though more draconian — changes imposed on IBM ’s U.S. workers a couple years ago .
Alas , this just seems to be a trend we ’ll be seeing more and more of .
The problem is n’t in IBM per se , it ’s in the distorted reward structure perceived by most public companies .
Two years ago when I covered IBM ’s yet - to - be - announced layoffs in some detail it sent the company into a tizzy of denial .
Why ?
“ Because you were right , ” said a source who still works at IBM .
“ You called them on the big changes they were planning to make , forcing the company to issue denials then drag those changes out over a couple years where they ’d intended to impose them all at once .
They never thought one blogger could have that much impact . ”
Explain that to my kids , who think I type for a living .
What happened two years ago was IBM deciding to move most of its jobs offshore to save money after a sobering look at the life cycle cost of its U.S , workers .
If you look at the total future cost of an American employee for the next 15 years — it is a pretty big number .
Then add the double digit inflation cost of U.S. health care and that number becomes bigger still .
The only way companies like IBM see themselves being able to continue to operate is by cutting retirement benefits and / or shipping jobs off shore .
In IBM ’s case they are doing both .
This is at the heart of the current health care debate , because the cost of medical care is killing U.S. jobs .
The IBM USA pension plan was nuked a couple years ago .
Many U.S. workers got less than 15 cents on the dollar for the present value of the pension they would have received .
Retirement health care benefits for IBM workers are now down to the equivalent of about 18 months of present coverage .
This trend is not limited to IBM .
How many auto workers have just lost pension and retirement benefits ?
A few years ago Congress was considering legislation that would separate pensions from companies so the company could not spend or lose it .
We sure blew that one .
This downward trend is continuing .
IBM — like nearly all its competitors — is shipping - in workers from India to staff many new projects .
The work could be done as well — perhaps better — by the U.S. workers who were not long ago laid - off .
There is something really wrong when a company will lay off its U.S. workers and then import Indian workers to do the same work on - shore .
Now some of IBM ’s American workers are being asked to consider taking jobs in Bangalore and other foreign outposts .
This program creates new expatriots , giving each a one - way plane ticket .
Pay will be in local currency , possibly at local pay scales .
IBM is being very elusive about these details .
But it is clear that the transported workers will be off U.S. benefits .
But as I say , IBM is merely one example of how messed up things have become for U.S. companies .
During the recession IBM has done extremely well financially with profits better than forecast every quarter .
They did this by relentlessly watching their money .
Not only do they look at the numbers for the next quarter , but for the next several years .
The automotive industry on the other hand has ignored the long term in their business planning .
As a result most car companies were completely blindsided by the recession .
IBM has watched the growing costs of maintaining its U.S. work force .
For years they have been cutting staff and moving work offshore .
The U.S. auto industry on the other hand was dependent on future car sales to cover obligations made in the past .
IBM planned ahead and started shifting the business out of the U.S.
Other firms did nothing and have suffered horribly .
What this means is that we should expect more of the same in all industries .
Benefits will decrease and jobs will depart .
The new reality at IBM is that if you ’re brilliant , work really hard , and earn a world - class degree from a U.S. university , IBM may well have a job for you at one of its U.S. research sites working as a “ complementary worker . ”
But do n’t expect that job to last for long .
Be prepared to ship out to India or China as a “ long - term supplemental worker ” after you ’ve soaked up knowledge for 13 months .
Newsweek recently reported that IBM , HP , Accenture , and others are finding it profitable to detach from the United States ( even patenting the process ) .
“ IBM is one of the multinationals that propelled America to the apex of its power , and it is now emblematic of the process of creative destruction pushing America to a new , less dominant , and less comfortable position , ” Newsweek said .
This is the HR equivalent of a neutron bomb , which kills people but leaves structures unscathed .
So all these companies will be leaner and meaner — mean enough that there may be nobody left to buy their products .
It comes back to the common perception that the sole function of public companies and their CEOs is to “ maximize shareholder value ” — a phrase that is interpreted to mean “ maximize next quarter ’s earnings - per - share . ”
This philosophy works beautifully with the slightly less than four year average tenure of a U.S. public company CEO .
Long before the effects of these bad decisions can show the CEO has bailed , descending beneath his golden parachute toward some retirement heaven .
Where did this cult of shareholder value maximization come from ?
And who says that ’s the prime directive and nothing else ought to matter ?
Not me .
In fact it is bad policy both for the companies and for our society in general .
Here ’s a good explanation of this phenomenon and what ’s wrong with it .
Companies like IBM that take this position are hurting America .
The kids graduating from college now are the first American generation that is likely to do less well financially than their parents .
My kids will do less well than me .
One reason for this is that we ’re eliminating high paying jobs and replacing them with lower - paying service jobs .
IBM towns like Rochester , Minnesota and Armonk , New York thrived economically because Big Blue pumped money into the local economy by creating high - paying tech jobs .
What happens to the local economy when those jobs are exported ?
It declines , perhaps permanently .
That decline does not have to be inevitable unless we make it so .
Companies and countries follow certain life cycles , but we do ourselves and our culture a disservice by thinking those curves are n’t affected by the corporate decisions we make .
If we ’re going to be analytical , let ’s at least do it correctly .
Via Raw Story .
You know , I not only want the money back , I want these people put in jail .
They took the money and ran from their own culpability :
The CEOs of Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers , the two investment banks that collapsed during last year 's financial meltdown , walked away with hundreds of millions of dollars in compensation even as the company 's shareholders lost everything , says a new report from Harvard Law School .
The top five executives at Bear Stearns made a total of $ 1.4 billion from bonuses and equity sales between 2000 and 2008 , while the top five executives at Lehman Brothers made around $ 1 billion during that same period -- the period during which the companies ran up the bad investments that would see them collapse in 2008 , according to " The Wages of Failure " ( PDF ) , a report from Harvard Law School 's Program on Corporate Governance .
" The people who invested in these companies should feel betrayed , " Nell Minow , a compensation expert at the Corporate Library , told NBC's Lisa Myers .
" The whole idea of capitalism is that the people provide the capital and the executives take care of it for us .
In this case , the people provided the capital , and the executives took it . "
Bear Stearns CEO
James
Cayne personally made $ 388 million in the eight - year period leading up to the bank 's collapse , while Lehman Brothers CEO Richard Fuld made $ 541 million .
Bloomberg news service notes that " shareholders who held their shares throughout the period analyzed in the report lost most of their initial investment . "
The expanding bipolar shell of the helium nova V445 Puppis .
Sometimes the title of a scientific paper does n't really do things justice .
Translating things into journalistic shorthand ( essential when talking to busy producers ) what we have here is a " rumbling time - bomb vampire - star about to unlock the secrets of the universe " .
That 's what this artist 's impression shows and there 's an impressive computer animation here .
Astronomers from the University of Warwick and others have been watching V445 for over two years now .
V445 Puppis is a star that sucks in matter from its companion star neighbour .
Every now and again it gobbles up so much there is a massive nova explosion and V445 throws off this material at speeds up to 30 million miles an hour .
Watching this process allows astronomers to work out V445 is 25,000 light - years from us and is more than 10,000 times brighter than the Sun .
This picture shows the first time - lapse image of the most recent observable explosion taken over two years .
You can see the cloud of gases roaring away from the star over that time .
But there may well come a point where V445 , a white dwarf star , gobbles up so much material from its companion that it will blow itself to bits .
Astronomers would really like to see this as they think this would be a Type Ia supernova which would help answer some nagging questions about how the universe works .
In particular the role of " dark energy " in the accelerating expansion of our universe .
As is the way the artist 's impression looks even more impressive than the actual pictures .
Until you realise the detail in the images from the European Southern Observatory are the telescopic equivalent of identifying a pound coin at a distance of 40 kilometres .
Much more information here and here .
During almost every recent election season , political commentators seem to talk about “ angry voters ” of one kind or another .
These disgruntled voters are usually said to be angry about certain current events or something politicians did or did n’t do .
During the last presidential election , I even saw one story that claimed “ angry voters are now angry at the angry voters . ”
In many stories about angry voters — and in online posts made by angry voters — a common quote used is : “ I 'm mad as hell , and I ’m not going to take it anymore ! ”
When a source is given for that quote , it ’s usually cited as a line actor Peter Finch says in the movie Network , which premiered in New York City on November 27 , 1976 .
Finch does say something very close to that in the movie .
But the commonly - heard “ I ’m mad as hell ” version is not the actual movie quote .
Network was written by Paddy Chayefsky and directed by Sidney Lumet .
In addition to Peter Finch , the superb cast includes Faye Dunaway , William Holden , Robert Duvall , and Ned Beatty .
What Finch actually says in the movie , as network news anchorman Howard Beale , “ the mad prophet of the airwaves , ” is :
“ I ’m as mad as hell , and I ’m not going to take this anymore ! ”
He says the line several times in Network , using the words “ I ’m as mad as ” and “ take this ” — NOT “ I ’m mad as ” and “ take it . ”
You can confirm what Finch says
by watching the movie
or by viewing the scene in which he first unleashes his frequently misquoted line
on YouTube
.
There ’s also an excellent in - depth summary of Network on the AMC website .
( It uses the word “ gonna ” in place of “ going to , ” though to my ears and in the script , Finch clearly says “ going to ” ) .
If you did n’t know Network was released in 1976 , you might think the glorious rant Finch gives in it is a commentary on more recent times .
He starts out by saying : “ I do n’t have to tell you things are bad .
Everybody knows things are bad . ”
After warming up a bit more by citing a list of bad things , he delivers his call to action :
“ So , I want you to get up now .
I want all of you to get up out of your chairs .
I want you to get up right now and go to the window , open it , and stick your head out , and yell , ‘ I ’m as mad as hell , and I ’m not going to take this anymore ! ’ ”
Ironically , in Chayefsky ’s original script , Howard Beale is supposed to say “ I ’m mad as hell and I ’m not going to take this anymore . ”
But when the scene the line is first used in was filmed , Peter Finch spontaneously said , “ I ’m as mad as hell and I ’m not going to take this anymore . ”
Director Lumet decided to keep the line as Finch spoke it , thus creating a movie quote that ’s often misquoted , but which is itself a misquote of what was written in the script .
If you ’re interested in misquotes , you can read about some others I ’ve discussed in past posts by clicking this link , or by buying books like Ralph Keyes ' The Quote Verifier and Nice Guys Finish Seventh , Garson O'Toole 's Hemingway Didn't Say That , Elizabeth Knowles ’ What They Didn't Say , or They Never Said It by Paul F. Boller and John George .
In the meantime , if you ’re as mad as hell about the what ’s happening in your community , your state , or in the US , get out and vote , damnit !
* * * * * * * * * *
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Email me or Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
The issue of Android fragmentation is a legitimate one but has a much greater effect on developers than consumers .
Â
We , as consumers , want your app to work on our phone , period .
Â
Your job as a developer is to insure that it does just that .
Â
And with a now 48 hour return policy in place , insuring that your app works across all flavors of Android is crucial for the developer !
Â
With more and more Android handsets due this is a daunting task .
Â A company called Duarlander was recently launched with a unique plan and a promise to resolve this issue .
Â
“ We ensure that your application works consistently across all devices ” is the bold statement found on their web page .
Â
How do they do it ?
The company , started by Andrew Wicklander , evolved out of the frustration all developers must feel in trying to insure their app will work on everything Android .
Â
During the development process for an application Wicklander , like Android developers everywhere , Â found that his app would work on one phone but not others .
Â
What started as frustration ended with inspiration and Duarlander was born .
Â AndroidGuy Mark Murphy listed a service to aid developers in his Android Business Models article in September of this year .
Â
Mark described the then non-existent service this way , Â “ … Â simply an application testing service : you invest in a large number of devices and you sell your expertise in testing applications on those devices and reporting back issues ( along with suggested ways to address them ) . ” Â Duarlander is the company that provides that service .
Once engaged , Duarlander will download your app and test it against every Android handset released in the US .
Â
Thatâ€™s right , every Android handset in the US !Â
The results are documented and you receive a report detailing the devices your app worked on and those it did not work on .
Â
Issues are communicated and shared via chat , phone , video chat , device snapshots and even screen sharing if necessary .
Â
In the event an issue arises , Duarlander will continue to test the same version of your app until it works on each device .
Â
Once working , a video of your app performing without error is sent to you as confirmation .
The best part is that , for the time being , you as developers can help set the price .
Â Duarlander is a company unlike any other maneuvering in unchartered waters .
Â
They , as developers themselves , understand the value of the service they provide but arenâ€™t sure yet what to charge for it .
Â
Wicklander told me that a price point will be set by months end .
Â Until then Duarlander is asking for your help .
Â
Send them your app , give them a test drive and then answer these questions :
How much do you think we should charge for this service ?
How much would you be willing to donate today ?
How you would rate our service ?
Duarlander does not promise to find every bug in your app and is not a replacement for your own QA process .
Â
It does however provide you with a peace of mind in knowing that your app has been tested on and works consistently across all devices .
Â
If you ca n’t say that about your app before you make it available in the market , you may want to give Duarlander a try .
In a ruling that should surprise no one , California Ninth Circuit Court Judge Jeremy Fogel has dismissed a lawsuit filed by ZL Technologies that accused Gartner of committing a host of illegalities simply through its placement of ZL 's e-mail archiving software in the " niche " box of Gartner 's famously controversial Magic Quadrant .
In essence , this case boiled down to a question of whether the Magic Quadrant is an objective presentation of quantifiable facts , or -- as Gartner argued and should be obvious to all -- simply Gartner 's opinion based on its research .
Whatever one may think of Gartner or its fabled Magic Quadrant , this lawsuit -- more accurately described as a legal fit of pique -- was as frivolous as they come .
Here 's my post from last month that includes all of the necessary links should anyone be inclined to read the back - and - forth filing that preceded the judge 's tidy dismissal .
From the judge 's ruling filed yesterday :
The Court agrees with Gartner that the general tenor of the MQ Report negates the impression that Gartner is asserting an objective fact by assigning ZL a " Niche " status .
The cover page of the email archiving review states specifically that , " The opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice . "
... Finally , ZL argues that Gartner 's representation that it provides " highly discerning research that is objective , defensible , and credible to help [ customers ] do their job better " implies that its Reports contain objective assertions of fact .
Gartner notes that this language appears not in the MQ Report but on its website and that the language describes Gartner 's research services generally rather than the MQ Report in particular .
More to the point , the terms " objective , defensible , and credible " do not imply the assertion of factual information .
Gartner argues convincingly that even if its self - description did refer to the statements within the MQ Report , its " sophisticated readers " - corporate and government executives and professionals - would not infer that Gartner 's rankings were anything other than opinion .
Gartner contends that its use of the word " objective , " reasonably represents that its rankings are arrived at through " independent and unprejudiced " methods .
Gartner also argues persuasively that the word " defensible " simply means " capable of being defended . "
While its use of the word " credible " reflects Gartner 's belief that its ratings are trustworthy , such use cannot reasonably be understood as a statement of fact .
While dismissing each and every one of ZL's five allegations -- " defamation , trade libel , false advertising , unfair competition , and negligent interference with prospective economic advantage " -- the judge did reluctantly allow ZL another bite at the apple by giving the company 30 days to come up with something more credible .
And , unfortunately , it appears as though ZL is committed to trying .
Here 's part of statement e-mailed to me by ZL 's public relations firm :
While we are disappointed that the court has dismissed our lawsuit as filed , we are pleased that it has given us leave to amend our complaint , over Gartner opposition .
We believe the market should take note that the defense on which Gartner prevailed was its argument that its reports contain " pure opinions , " namely , opinions which are not based on objective facts .
In ZL 's view , that is directly contrary to the statements Gartner makes to its customers when selling its allegedly sound research .
ZL intends to amend its complaint and refile within 30 days . "
And hopefully Judge Fogel will send them a bill for wasting the court 's time .
( Update : Gartner 's ombudsman reacts to the decision here . )
An international team of top climate scientists has found a critical , but fixable , error in the accounting method used to measure compliance with carbon limits .
The flaw , which centers on the measurement of CO 2 emissions from the use of bioenergy , could undermine greenhouse gas reduction goals if not addressed .
Current carbon accounting , used in the Kyoto Protocol and other climate legislation including the European Union 's cap - and - trade law and the American Clean Energy and Security Act , does not factor CO 2 released from tailpipes and smokestacks utilizing bioenergy nor does it count emissions resulting from land use changes when biomass is harvested or grown .
This , the scientists say , erroneously treats all uses of bioenergy as carbon neutral , regardless of the source of the biomass , and could create strong economic incentives for large - scale land conversion as countries around the world tighten carbon caps .
" The error is serious , but readily fixable , " said Timothy Searchinger , a research scholar and lecturer in public and international affairs at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School and at the Princeton Environmental Initiative .
He also is a fellow with the German Marshall Fund of the United States .
" As we approach the most important climate treaty negotiations in history , it is vital that technologies , such as biofuels , that are proposed as solutions to global warming , are properly evaluated , " said team member Daniel Kammen , a University of California , Berkeley , professor of energy and resources and of public policy , who directs the campus's ?
Renewable and Appropriate Energy Laboratory and the Transportation Sustainability Research Center .
" Our paper builds on recent work on the direct and indirect land use impacts of biofuels , and clarifies how the accounting should be done . "
The burning of bioenergy and fossil energy releases comparable amounts of carbon dioxide from tailpipes or smokestacks , but bioenergy use may reduce emissions overall if the biomass results from additional plant growth .
This is because plants grown specifically for bioenergy absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , and this offsets the emissions from the eventual burning of the biomass for energy .
On the other hand , burning forests releases stored carbon into the atmosphere in the same way as burning oil releases carbon stored for millions of years underground .
For these reasons , the greenhouse gas consequences of using bioenergy vary greatly with the source of the biomass .
Unfortunately , Kammen said , the accounting rules used in the Kyoto Protocol , the European Union 's Emissions Trading System , and in the climate bill that recently passed the U.S. House of Representatives , exempt the carbon dioxide emitted by bioenergy , regardless of the source of the biomass .
That legally makes bioenergy from any source , even that generated by clearing the world 's forests , a potentially cheap , yet false , way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by oil companies , power plants and industry as they face tighter pollution limits .
According to a number of studies , including one by a U.S. Department of Energy lab , applying this incentive globally could lead to the loss of most of the world 's natural forests as carbon caps tighten .
The Science article , co-authored by Searchinger , Kammen and 11 others , explains that the error stems from a misapplication of guidelines established by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) at the time of the Kyoto Protocol .
According to the IPCC , exempting carbon dioxide from bioenergy use is appropriate only if an accounting system also counts emissions from clearing land and other land use activities .
In that way , if biomass for energy use results in deforestation , emissions are counted as land use emissions .
However , the exemption of carbon dioxide from energy use is inappropriate for laws and treaties that do not legally limit emissions from deforestation and other land use activities .
Neither the protocol , nor the existing or proposed climate legislation in Europe and the U.S. , apply limits to emissions from land use .
Because these laws nevertheless exempt all emissions from bioenergy use , the IPCC warns , they can therefore create large , perverse incentives to clear land .
This error in the system for administering carbon caps is distinct from other laws that require minimum quantities of biofuels .
Many of these other laws do account for at least some of the emissions from land use activities .
According to the authors , the solution is to count all emissions from energy use , whether from fossil fuels or bioenergy , and then to develop a system to credit bioenergy to the extent it uses biomass derived from " additional " carbon sources , and thereby offsets energy emissions .
Reported from an InformationLiberation reader ...
Chris , I was just told by a friend of mine that in her Biology course , Introduction to Ecology and Evolution , extra credit was being offered in return for getting this year ’s influenza vaccine .
No word yet as to whether this will be done for the H1N1 vaccine as well , but this knowledge left me with a disturbed feeling regardless .
One , are students with legitimate concerns about getting the vaccine being put at an unfair disadvantage , and two , is undue pressure being put on them to do something that could have potentially long term health effects ?
It turns out that the clinic on campus ran out of flu vaccines and students are asking for more time to get their injection .
This begs the final question , are universities finding ways to get students vaccinated , not by making it mandatory and superseding exemptions , but by creating incentives so that students demand it ?
Our Brand New Video : The Swine Flu Conspiracy
Are you ready to roll up your sleeve ?
The US Secret Service launched an urgent investigation into its own security procedures after a couple gatecrashed a glittering White House state dinner for the Indian prime minister and posted the pictures on Facebook .
Michaele and Tareq Salahi were not on the guest list for Tuesday 's dinner , agency spokesman Ed Donovan said .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
President Barack Obama was never in any danger because the party crashers went through the same security screening for weapons as the 300 - plus people actually invited to the dinner honouring Indian premier Manmohan Singh , Mr Donovan said .
The Washington Post , which first reported on the Salahis ' evening out , said the couple were well - known in the Virginia horse - country set .
The Secret Service learned about the security breach yesterday after a media inquiry prompted by the Salahis ' online boasts about having attended the private event , Mr Donovan said .
One of the many photos from the dinner posted on Michaele Salahi's Facebook page shows the couple with a smiling US vice president Joe Biden .
In other photos , they appear alone or together with White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty , CBS News anchor Katie Couric , Republican Rep Ed Royce and three US Marines in their dress blues .
Mr Donovan would not comment on whether the couple had been contacted by the Secret Service , how long they were on the White House grounds or other details of the investigation .
The Post said uninvited guests who got in could face a potential trespassing charge unless someone from inside the White House staff slipped them in .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
The agency 's Office of Professional Responsibility was reviewing what occurred .
An initial finding indicated that a checkpoint did not follow proper procedures to ensure the two were on the guest list , Mr Donovan said .
" It 's important to note that they went through all the security screenings - the magnetometer screening - just like all the other guests did , " he said .
He added that Mr Obama and others under Secret Service protection had their usual bodyguards with them at the dinner .
The question from Paul Farrelly MP which was subject to a gagging order related to the Trafigura toxic waste scandal
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The existence of a previously secret injunction against the media by oil traders Trafigura can now be revealed .
Within the past hour Trafigura 's legal firm , Carter - Ruck , has withdrawn its opposition to the Guardian reporting proceedings in parliament that revealed its existence .
Labour MP
Paul Farrelly put down a question yesterday to the justice secretary , Jack Straw .
It asked about the injunction obtained by " Trafigura and Carter - Ruck solicitors on 11 September 2009 on the publication of the Minton Report on the alleged dumping of toxic waste in the Ivory Coast , commissioned by Trafigura " .
The Guardian was due to appear at the High Court at 2 pm to challenge Carter - Ruck 's behaviour , but the firm has dropped its claim that to report parliament would be in contempt of court .
Here is the full text of Farrelly 's question :
" To ask the Secretary of State for Justice what assessment he has made of the effectiveness of legislation to protect ( a ) whistleblowers and ( b ) press freedom following the injunctions obtained in the High Court by ( i ) Barclays and Freshfields solicitors on 19 March 2009 on the publication of internal Barclays reports documenting alleged tax avoidance schemes and ( ii ) Trafigura and Carter - Ruck solicitors on 11 September 2009 on the publication of the Minton report on the alleged dumping of toxic waste in the Ivory Coast , commissioned by Trafigura . "
Alan Rusbridger , the Guardian editor , welcomed the move .
He said : " I 'm very pleased that common sense has prevailed and that Carter - Ruck 's clients are now prepared to vary this draconian injunction to allow reporting of parliament .
It is time that judges stopped granting ' super - injunctions ' which are so absolute and wide - ranging that nothing about them can be reported at all . "
At Westminster earlier today urgent questions were tabled by the Liberal Democrats in an attempt to get an emergency debate about the injunction .
Bloggers were active this morning in speculating about what lay behind the ban on the Guardian reporting parliamentary questions .
Proposals being circulated online included plans for a protest outside the offices of Carter - Ruck .
The ban on reporting parliamentary proceedings on legal grounds appeared to call into question privileges guaranteeing free speech established under the 1688 Bill of Rights .
Today 's published Commons order papers contained Farrelly 's question to be answered by a minister later this week .
The Guardian was initially prevented from identifying the MP who had asked the question , what the question was , which minister might answer it , or where the question was to be found .
The only fact the Guardian was able report was that the case involves the London solicitors Carter - Ruck , who specialise in suing the media for clients including individuals and global corporations .
The media lawyer Geoffrey Robertson QC said Lord Denning ruled in the 1970s that " whatever comments are made in parliament " can be reported in newspapers without fear of contempt .
He said : " Four rebel MPs asked questions giving the identity of ' Colonel B ' , granted anonymity by a judge on grounds of ' national security ' .
The DPP threatened the press might be prosecuted for contempt , but most published . "
The right to report parliament was the subject of many struggles in the 18th century , with the MP and journalist John Wilkes fighting every authority – up to the king – over the right to keep the public informed .
After Wilkes 's battle , wrote the historian Robert Hargreaves , " it gradually became accepted that the public had a constitutional right to know what their elected representatives were up to " .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Implications of the Soviet Dungan Script for Chinese Language Reform
The basic facts about Soviet Dunganese ( hereafter SD ) are already well known .
There are about 50,000 speakers of SD who are located mostly in the Central Asiatic republic of Kirghizia while there are a lesser number in Kazakhstan and still fewer in Uzbekistan ( Tsentral ' noe ... [ 1984 ] ; Sushanlo [ 1989 ] claims upwards of 70,000 ) .
They have a very high rate of language retention , since almost 95 % of them claim SD as their primary tongue ( Comrie , p. 273 ) .
SD is divided into two main dialects , one with four tones and the other , which serves as the standard , with three .
These two dialects derive , respectively , from Shaanxi and Gansu whence the Dungans fled from Manchu and Chinese persecution over a hundred years ago after an abortive rebellion .
Sino -Platonic Papers No. 18 ( May 1990 ) .
From " Two Non-Tetragraphic Northern Sinitic Languages , " by Victor Mair .
No. 18 ( May 1990 ) .
Webmaster 's note :
Any omissions or spelling errors are very likely my own and not the author's .
The most remarkable feature of SD is that it is written with an alphabet .
This would seem to give the lie to those who insist that it is impossible to write Han languages with phonetic scripts .
The SD alphabet was devised at a conference convened for that purpose on May 27 , 1953 in Frunze , Kirghizia ( Kalimov , p. 134 ) .
It consists of the 32 letters of the Cyrillic alphabet plus 5 additional letters designed especially for sounds not in Russian .
For a quarter of a century before its adoption , the present SD alphabet was preceded by a Roman SD alphabet .
There is no need here to recapitulate further the history and nature of the SD alphabet since numerous excellent studies have already been devoted to it .
In chapter 5 of his seminal work on Nationalism and Language Reform in China , John DeFrancis provides a good account of Soviet efforts during the 20s and 30s to create scripts for the Dungans and other illiterate Chinese living in the U.S.S.R .
He also shows how these activities of Soviet linguists and their Chinese counterparts such as Qu Qiubai had a real impact on the Latinization movement within China .
It is ironic that most of the current crop of Soviet Sinologists are resolutely biased against any attempts to alphabetize Han languages and vehemently reactionary in their defense of the complicated Chinese script , Classical Chinese , and all other aspects of traditional literati culture .
More recently , Heinz Riedlinger has written a very thorough and important monograph on Soviet likbez ( likvidatsiya bezgramotnosti , " liquidation of illiteracy " ) among the Dungans beginning in 1927 and its impact on alphabetization in China up through 1988 .
It is , however , strictly a historical investigation and does not address the theoretical , practical , cultural , and political questions that are constantly raised by opponents of an alternative romanized orthography for China .
Paul Wexler ( 1980 ) has convincingly shown how Islamic languages have enriched SD and how Soviet policies have shaped it .
Detailed linguistic studies on SD have been made available by the Dragunovs , Rimsky - Korsakoff [ Dyer ] , Hashimoto , and others .
To the best of my knowledge , however , SD has never before been examined in light of the clear implications it holds for vital questions concerning current language reform in China .
This is a subject of great importance , considering the continuing efforts of the Chinese government , through agencies such as the Guejia Yuyan Wenzi Gongzuo Weiyuanhui [ State Language Commission ] and its predecessor the Wenzi Gaige Weiytianhui [ Script Reform Committee ] , and thousands of private citizens to find a less cumbersome script .
The matter is of particularly great urgency now that an explosion of scientific and technical knowledge requires increasingly sophisticated information processing networks .
The present paper is an exercise in applied linguistics and sociolinguistics inasmuch as it focusses on the practical aspects of SD as they relate to Chinese script reform in the recent past and the near future .
Hence there is no reason to enter into such purely linguistic matters as the appropriateness of the representation of the various phonemes of SD by specific Cyrillic letters .
In any event , this is a dead issue for Chinese language reformers dealing with Modern Standard Mandarin ( hereafter MSM ) since a consistent and workable spelling scheme ( the Hanyu Pinyin Fang'an ) has already been in place for over 30 years .
What is absolutely crucial , however , is the rich experience gained by the users of the SD alphabet with regard to the problems of word boundaries , hyphenation , tones , stress , homonyms , proper names , and all the other bugaboos that confront those who wish to provide MSM with an alternative alphabetical script .
Far and away the most signal contribution SD could make to script reform in China is in the area of orthography ( early SD hsyefa , later SD orfograflya , MSM zhengcifa ) .
Authorities in the Soviet Union and in the People 's Republic of China have adopted two quite different approaches to this subject .
The former would appear to believe that it is preferable to encourage regular use of the alphabet and then to extrapolate descriptive orthographical rules ( Du , Yanshyans 'in [ 1960 ] , Imazov [ 1977 ] ) .
The latter , on the other hand , seem to maintain that it is necessary first to establish an all - inclusive set of prescriptive rules ( Wu , Bressan , Yin and Felley ) and only after that to permit their widespread application .
The fallacy of the latter approach is evident in the fact that even languages which have been using alphabets for hundreds of years are never able to solve all orthographical problems definitively .
There is always bound to be a certain amount of disagreement on how to handle complements , compounds , idiomatic phrases , and the like .
It is , furthermore , quite possible that writers of alphabetic MSM might choose one solution while SD writers might choose another .
For example , in SD the subordinating morpheme di is always joined to the adjacent noun , pronoun , verb , or adjective that precedes it .
MSM orthography , however , stipulates that its counterpart de stand alone .
Somewhat strangely , the SD copulative verb s'i is also joined to the subject which precedes it whereas its equivalent in romanized MSM , shi , always stands by itself .
Before promulgating their largely untested rules , it might be wise for Chinese language reformers to consult with their Soviet colleagues to determine how such differing usages have worked out in actual practice .
There is much that can be learned from the decades of experience gained by those who write alphabetic SD daily .
Except for pedagogical purposes and scattered journals like Xin Tang , romanized MSM remains a largely theoretical construct .
Having waited so long to implement Hanyu Pinyin as a functional alternative script for MSM , it would now be foolhardy not to examine carefully the lessons learned by users of Cyrillic SD in a wide variety of contexts .
One thing is certain ; use of an alphabetic script to write Han languages requires a clear distinction between word ( SD khua , MSM ci ) and graph ( SD z'i , MSM zi ) or syllable ( SD zhyezhyer , MSM yinjie ) .
Square , equistantly spaced tetragraphs ( MSM fangkuaizi ) are patently inimical to the concept of " word . "
This is due to the fundamental difference between modern alphabetic scripts which are phonemic ( i.e. , indicating with a fair amount of precision sounds of less than syllabic length ) and the tetragraphic : Chinese script which is morphosyllabic ( i.e. , indicating imprecisely both the sound and the meaning of syllable - length units ) .
For example , English " telephone " consists of nine letters which taken individually signify nothing in particular , but joined together in the proper sequence determine with a high degree of accuracy , and without too complicated a relationship between sounds and symbols , the pronunciation of a specific word meaning " instrument for conveying voice or other acoustic signals over a distance . "
Chinese 電話 , conversely , is made up of two tetragraphs that might , in different times and places , be pronounced variously as * dinh or perhaps * glins / d'ien / dian / di / dĩ / tieng / tia ̃ / tie / tiẽ / tin , etc. and * g' wradh or perhaps * gəruats / ɣwai / hua / ho / fa / o / ik / ui / ɣo / phua / ue / ua / wa , etc. , while their shapes tell us roughly that they have something to do respectively with a meteorological condition and with speech .
Their association with the strings of sounds represented by MSM dianhua , SD dyankhua ( much less the more common SD tyelyefon ) , Japanese denwa , and so forth , all of which mean exactly the same thing as " telephone , " is problematic , to say the least .
Only scholars acquainted with the historical reconstructions of specialists like Schuessler ( pp. 127 , 243 , and 533 ) and Karlgren ( nos. 385 and 302 ) are likely to know that there was once a closer relationship between the phonetic elements contained in the two tetragraphs for dianhua and the full tetragraphs themselves than appears in their present pronunciations .
The tetragraphs for dianhua belong to the one - third whose phonetic elements now provide for ordinary readers no useful clues to the pronunciation of the tetragraphs of which they form a part .
And in the case of the two - thirds in which the phonetics do provide useful information , the relationship between sounds and symbols is much more complex and obscure than in even the most irregular phonemic systems , such as English ( DeFrancis [ 1989 ] ) .
The disparity between morphosyllabic Chinese tetragraphs and phonemic writing systems becomes even greater , and even more apparent , when the comparison is made not with a bad morphophonemic system like English but with a good phonemic system like Dungan .
Let us now examine how some of the differences in the relationship of writing systems are revealed by the adoption of a simple alphabetic script for SD instead of the tetragraphs .
As one embarks upon the study of SD , perhaps the first and most prominent difference from languages written exclusively in tetragraphs that one notices is the arrangement of its dictionaries ( Yanhsyans 'in [ 1968 ] ; cf. Yanlisyans 'in [ 1959 ] and Imazov [ 1981 ] ) and other types of word - lists in a single - sort alphabetical order such as that advocated by the author for MSM ( Mair [ 1986 ] ) .
No longer is one compelled to determine the radical and count the residual strokes of " head characters . "
As a result , looking up words in a SD dictionary is much faster than in a typical dictionary for tetragraphic Han languages .
But revolutionary changes in lexicographical methods are only the start .
The phonology ( Imazov [ 1972 , 1975 ] ) , grammar , morphology ( Imazov [ 1982 ] ) , and syntax ( Imazov [ 1987 ] ) of SD are all treated in a fashion similar to that for other alphabetical languages .
Once again , the chief reason for these starkly dissimilar methods of analysis are due to the perception engendered by alphabetization of word as the fundamental unit of discourse as opposed to syllable .
It becomes quite natural in SD morphology , for example , to speak of prefixes , suffixes , and infixes and in grammar it is possible to speak unambiguously of tense , voice , and mood .
Since all of these aspects of language are considered to be restricted in Chinese writing to individual semantically or modally pregnant tetragraphs , it is difficult to envisage them as being integral components of units ( viz. words ) of larger than syllable length .
One of the plainest divergences between alphabetic SD and tetragraphic : MSM is the operation of etymology .
Before we turn to this subject , however , we need to establish a reliable transliteration for Cyrillic .
Since we have already begun to encounter single SD words and will soon be reading whole passages , this is the proper moment to introduce our romanization of the Cyrillic alphabet .
The system of transliteration adopted in this paper is designed to represent both Russian and SD .
It should be emphasized that this is a transliteration , not a transcription ( i.e. it is neither phonemic nor strictly phonetic with regard to SD ) .
The purpose of the present system is to provide a consistent set of Roman letter conversions for the Cyrillic alphabet and the expanded SD alphabet without having to resort to awkward diacriticals and other special symbols .
The same transliterations are used for both Russian and SD with the exception of е which is transliterated e in Russian and ye in SD , ж which is transliterated zh in Russian and rzh in SD , щ which is transliterated shch in Russian and hs in SD , and the eight additional letters and combinations of letters which are used only in SD .
Letters in parentheses ( as is the case with the transliterations for е , й , and у ) may be dropped in SD when used in combination with certain other vowels or are absent from Russian ( as is the case with the transliteration for э ) .
Transliteration Table Cyrillic Roman
А а a Б б b В в v Г г g Д д d Е е e/(y ) e
Ё ё yo Ж ж zh/ rzh З з z И и i Й й ( y )u or y( i ) К к k Л л l М м m Н н n О о o П п p Р р r С с s Т т t У у u Ф ф f Х х kh Ц ц ts Ч ч ch Ш ш sh Щ щ shch / hs Ъ ъ `` Ы ы `i Ь ь ` Э э e(i ) Ю ю yu Я я ya Ә ә eh Ң ң ng Җ җ zh Ў ў wu Ү ү ( y ) u
Уә уә yeh Ён ён yon Ян ян yan
We are now prepared to take a rather detailed look at a few examples of etymological analysis in SD and then contrast them with a typical etymological excursus or two as might be found in a scholarly Chinese commentary .
DUNTS'I ( III - I ) .
Tasi grammatikashon siyundi khua .
Tas 'i byofeh dunzhuehdi yuyan buf 'in , suikhwu vurusdi " glagol " khuani .
Lyan tu yigeh khuag ' in zamu gotu rzh' insh'ili ( kan " dun " II ) .
Di eirge khuag ' in dwuli bu s'iyun , tadi yis 'is 'i " khua " , " termin " , ta zei yudi grammatika terminmu ch'inf ' inni tsanzhyadini , bilyun : mints 'i , furts 'i , deimints 'i z.d. , ta zei " ts'i dyan " ( terminologicheskiyi slovar ' ) khua litu ye tsanzhyadini .
( Tsunvaz 'i , p. 93 ) verb ( IIIA ) .
A word used in grammar .
It is a component of language expressing movement and accords with the Russian word glagol .
We have already become acquainted with the first root above ( see " dun " II ) .
The second root , whose meaning is " word , " " term , " is not used alone .
It occurs as an element in some grammatical terms , such as mints 'i ( " noun " ) , furts 'i ( " numeral " ) , deimints 'i ( " pronoun " ) , and so forth .
It also occurs in the term " ts'i dyan " [ sic ] ( " terminological dictionary " ) .
KHAN - YAN ( III - 1 ) .
Tu yigeh bufindi yisisi " gandi " , di eirgeh bufindi yis 'isi " yikhozi tsomyo " ( bilyun : khuon - yan , khiyan ) .
( TsunvazI , pp. 259-260 ) tobacco ( III - I ) .
The meaning of the first part is " dry , " the meaning of the second part is " a kind of grass " ( for example : tobacco [ plant ] , black smoke ) .
Never mind that the etymologist falters near the end by failing to observe that the primary meaning of yan is " smoke " and the derived meaning is " tobacco [ plant ] . "
It is heartening , notwithstanding , to witness his attempt to explain the word khan - yan as a whole
In opposition to this concentration on the word in SD etymologies , when we refer to etymology as it is applied to Han languages written with the tetragraphic script , we intend the decomposition of single graphs into their constituent elements .
This is the usual sort of tetragraphic etymologizing as it is carried out paradigmatically in the Shuowen Jiezi [ Explanation of Simple and Compound Graphs ] completed by Xu Shen in the year 100 of the International Era .
The first case is that of 明 MSM ming which , as every schoolboy knows , can be broken down into pictographs for " sun " and " moon , " hence " bright . "
This is wrong , of course , because the oracle bone , bronze , and seal forms of the graph show the moon shining through what seems to be a window .
Once the word ming ( " bright " ) was assigned to this particular graphic configuration , various permutations could be worked upon it , thus 盟 meng ( " alliance " -- the modern semantic classifier is " vessel " but the original form showed " blood " ) , 萌 meng ( " to bud , sprout " -- the semantic classifier is " grass " ) , and so forth .
" Alliances " and " budding " assuredly have precious little to do with the moon shining through a window , and yet the tetragraphs used to represent them embrace a tetragraph which apparently does convey that sense but is manifestly only being used for its phonetic value in the expanded forms .
The real mystery concerning ming ( " bright " ) lies in our knowing next to nothing about it before it became attached to the tetragraph 明 .
The second case is that of the MSM homophone 名 ming ( " name " ) .
Here we are on still less firm ground than with ming ( " bright " ) concerning the derivation of the tetragraph with which it is written .
Among the various more or less frantic guesses are : mouth plus evening , because it is necessary to give one 's name when it is dark (! ) ; sacrificial meat plus the vessel in which it is placed , because a child is named at a ceremony held three months after it is born (! ) ; loud sound plus mouth , because one calls out his name (! ) ; and so on .
Fortunately , our understanding of the antecedents of the word that lie behind the tetragraph is much solider .
There is little doubt that it is cognate with various other words for " name " in Central , South , and Southeast Asian languages : Gyami minn , Gyarung ( tir) ming , Takpa myeng , Manyak ming , Tibetan ming , Sherpa min , Gurung ming , Munni min , Magar ming , Thaksya min , Limbu ming , Chepang myeng , Bhramu min , Vayu ming , Bhutani ming , Bodo mung , Dhimal ming , Garo mung , Tablung Naga min , Namsang Naga min , Singpho ming , Burmese ( a) min , Pwo - karen maing , Toungh - thu min , and dozens of phonologically related words in languages that are remote from the realm of tetragraphs ( Hunter , p. 146 ) .
There can be no doubt that Chinese ming ( " name " ) came from an ancient Asian root that predates the tetragraph 名 and can have had nothing whatsoever to do with it .
Judging from the tentative archaic ( early Zhou period ) reconstruction * myaŋ < * ymaŋ , it is conceivable that the Chinese word for " name " is linked to a Proto - Nostratic ( c. 15,000 - 10,000 BIE ) root that encompasses languages spanning the entire Eurasian continent : Church Slavonic imę , Serbo - Croatian ime , Bohemian jméno , Polish imię , Russian imya , Old Prussian emmeno , Armenian anun , Albanian émën , Hittite lāman ( with dissimilation ) ( Buck , pp. 1263-1264 ) .
Considering the manifold gradations of the Indo - European root ( * enmen - , * n̥men - , * nō̆men , etc. ) , it is evident that English " name " and all of its IE cognates ( cf. Sanskrit and Avestan nāman - , Tocharian A ñom , Tocharian B ñem , Greek ónoma , to mention only a few ) as well as Finnish nime - , Lapp namma , Japanese namae , and Hungarian név are probably also derived from the same Proto - Nostratic root .
The above data clearly prove that 名 is only adventitiously linked to the string of sounds pronounced ming which has a history that long antedates the tetragraph .
What matters is the word ; the graph is only an arbitrary vehicle that serves to record it .
Apart from the word ming , the tetragraph 名 is meaningless .
The nearly universal belief that there is an inalienable semantic bond between Han words and the tetragraphs which are used to write them is in serious need of reexamination .
Though we have strayed far from SD , these etymological ruminations are pertinent because the shift in focus from tetragraph to word occasioned by the alphabetization of this Han language has led to an entirely new attitude about the ultimate location of meaning .
To summarize , linguistic meaning lies in the word , not the tetragraph which is originally but a device for recording the word .
This is not to deny that the tetragraph is capable of assuming a semi- independent role of its own ( e.g. as an aesthetic object in calligraphy ) , only to attempt to reassert the rightful priority of spoken language over script .
Traditional Chinese etymologies are concerned almost wholly with explicating the meanings of single tetragraphs insofar as they can be discerned from analysis of their visual shapes .
The sounds of the tetragraphs are not normally taken into account as information that is of fundamental significance in extracting their meanings .
The deficiencies of this procedure , even for elucidating single graphs , are patent .
It is not without reason that Liu Xi in his Shiming [ Explanation of Terms ] , completed sometime before 273 IE , attempted to pursue a more purely phonological approach .
Unfortunately , his own method failed still more spectacularly than did that of Xu Shen because he had no means to annotate the sounds of the tetragraphs than by resorting to other tetragraphs ( whose meanings tended to get in the way of his analysis ) nor did he have a sufficiently sophisticated understanding of the phonology of archaic Chinese ( the stage when it first came to be written down in tetragraphs , more than a thousand years before his own time ) to determine true cognates .
This resulted in an enormous circularity completely lacking in philological rigor and validity .
To give only a few examples , Liu Xi claimed that xing ( " star " ) actually meant san ( " scattered " ) because the two words sounded somewhat similar when he was compiling his dictionary .
Likewise , he believed that dong ( " winter " ) meant zhong ( " end " ) and chun ( " spring " ) meant chun ( " [ time of ] wriggling worms " ) for the same type of strained reason .
A more critical deficiency of traditional Chinese etymology is that neither Xu Shen nor Liu Xi was able to account systematically for the meanings of polysyllabic words such as junzi ( " princely man " ) , daolu ( " way " ) , shanhu ( " coral " ) , xishuai ( " cricket " ) , pipa ( " [ Persian ] oud " ) , and so on .
While the evidence is too intricate to present here , it can be demonstrated that all of these early words were originally binomes or monosyllables with consonant clusters that had to be broken up if they were to be written with tetragraphs .
By the Song period , Zhang You ( b. 1054 ) had become aware of the existence of so - called lianmianzi ( " conjoined graphs [ sic → words ] , " also referred to in modern Sino - English linguistic terminology as " disyllabic roots " ) such as paihuai ( " hesitate " ) , qiaocui ( " pallid " ) , hulian ( " lingering " ) , pufu ( " crawl " ) and so forth .
The origin and nature of such terms , which number in the thousands , are still imperfectly understood .
During the Qing period , gigantic collections of polysyllabic expressions were compiled ( Peiwen Yunfu [ 1704 ] , Pianzi Leibian [ 1719 ] ) , but no attempt was made to provide definitions or etymological analyses .
Even today , polysyllabic
Chinese terms are more often than not designated by linguists as " compounds . "
All of this serves to underscore the power of the tetragraphs to influence one 's view of language .
Once Han languages are divorced from the tetragraphs , all of this morphosyllabic centering ceases .
Cyrillic SD compels the etymologist to look at the function of syllables in Chinese words in ways that are very different from the normal tetragraphic approach .
Even the elaborate bound and free analysis of Y. R. Chao and L. S. Yang cannot really account for the presence , for example , of the syllableddo in such words as MSM didao ( " genuine " ) , gongdao ( " fair , impartial , " cf. SD gundo ) , weidao ( " flavor , interest , " cf. SD vido ) , and zhidao ( " to know , " cf. SD zh'ido ) .
Stripped of its tetragraphic carrier whose basic meaning is " way , " the syllable dao offers a challenge to those who wish to comprehend its multifarious usages .
Ultimately , it will be discovered that dao as the second or subsequent syllable of a word often has no legitimate connection at all with " way " or its derived meanings .
The tetragraph with that meaning has simply been chosen for convenience to carry the sound dao whose source lies elsewhere in the spoken language .
This is even more true of MSM syllables such as la ( usually written with the tetragraph meaning " pull " ) and luo ( usually written with the tetragraph meaning " fall , drop " ) where it is completely impossible to offer even a forced interpretation based on the superficial meaning of the tetragraph as it is with dao .
Frequently , we are forced to admit that , given our present level of understanding , we just do not know the origin of SD words such as dunhsi ( " thing " ) ( Tsunvaz 'i , p. 93 ) which is written with the tetragraphs for " east " and " west " in MSM .
Having investigated in some depth the vital place of the word in SD , we may now move on to longer utterances .
In order for those who are not familiar with the Cyrillic script to be able to gain a direct impression of the language and the way it works , several transliterated sketches will be given together with their English translations .
Ch'inshon
In the City Zuehr veh Iyan Kheichehr nyonnyon zei ch'inshon lonni .
Bazarshon khoshodi mashnei dei cheh .
Shonvu Kheichehr nyonnyon ba veh lindo yig 'i da chonz ' inili .
Chonz 'ini khosho rzh 'in du peidi dui zudini .
Tamu du zhudi khuho dei twuyon .
Veh Kheichehr nyonnyon fehde .
Zh'is 'i Khun chonz 'i. Yesterday Aunt Kheichehr and I were strolling in the city .
There were a lot of trucks and cars at the bazaar .
At noon Aunt Kheichehr took me to a big open area .
In the open area lots of people were walking in ranks .
They were holding up slogans and paintings .
Aunt Kheichehr told me that this was Red Square .
( Du [ 1959 ] , p. 48 )
Khun chi Red Flag Hsyuehs ' iwnu du peili dui , zandi chichirdi .
M'inm 'indi Chish 'ir lyan lyong 'i yatu zhudi khun chi chwuiei zando vamudi tunili .
Da khun chishon hsyedi : " Sh'iyueh gehmin vansui ! "
The students were all standing neatly lined up in rows .
Suddenly Chish'ir and two girls came out holding aloft a red flag and stood before the children .
On the red flag was written , " Long live the October Revolution ! " ( Du [ 1959 ] , p. 48 )
Hsyatyan Summer Hsyatyan tyanchi chon ,
Hwuzhya bu hsinkhuon .
Tanni tei chinhsyuan ,
Chyochyor luan zhyokhuan .
Zhuonzhya ye kho kan ,
Hwuzhya ye hsikhuan .
In summer the days are long ,
The farmers are at ease .
In the fields all is freshness ,
And birds are calling everywhere .
The crops are beautiful ,
And the fanners are happy .
( Du [ 1959 ] , p. 49 )
Fichin Ferma Poultry Farm Vehmu kolkhozdi fichin ferma zei kheizi byannini .
Ngeh dei yaz 'i du zei kheizi litu gohsindifudini .
Tyanngeh ye zei kheizi lituni .
Our kolkhoz 's poultry farm is next to a lake .
Ducks and geese swim merrily in the lake .
There is also a swan in the lake .
B'ii zhir , lyan hsyueh yiyon , du zei kheizi yanshonni .
Yigi ngehloyin fidi leili , zhir luan du zhyokhuantuehli .
Chickens white as snow are along the shore of the lake .
A hungry hawk comes flying toward the chickens and they run away clucking wildly .
Zhivar donvehr du chondo sh'in tso lituli .
The chicks immediately rush into the deep grass .
( Du [ 1959 ] , pp. 49 - 50 )
Radio Radio Ganzo veh tinfl radioli .
Radiofehdi gunfu da .
Nwurzh 'in lyan nanrzh 'in khuandi , khuandi fehdini , Myan fehli yizh ' inzi zavodshon zwuli duehsho traktordi , fabrikashon zh'ili duehsho bupidi sichin .
Zikhu khuatur doli kolkhozshonli .
Ba vehmu rayionshon Aun Auonshyadi s'ichin ye fehli , fehs 'i vehmu kolkhoz kehzhya ba 300 gektar lyonsh 'i zhonshonli .
Danlindi yi , lyong 'i kolkhoz khan gan vehmu zhondi dueh .
In the morning I listened to the radio .
The radio broadcasted for a long time .
Male and female announcers alternated , speaking first for awhile of such things as how many tractors were made in a factory and how much cloth was woven in a mill .
After that the subject changed to kolkhozes .
They also mentioned the planting of crops in our district , saying that our kolkhoz had already planted 300 hectares of grain .
One or two other kolkhozes had planted even more than us .
Shukur fehdi : Zh'i dus 'i pindi kommunist partiyadi linshu zamu , d'iikhadi sh'in .
In conclusion , they said that we had achieved all of these victories through the leadership of the Communist Party .
( Du [ 1959 ] , p. 50 )
From the above passages , it is readily apparent that Cyrillic SD permits discussion of a wide variety of subjects .
It is also capable of more literary applications as well .
Folk songs ( Khasanov , Rimsky - Korsakoff Dyer [ 1987 ] ) , legends ( Rimsky - Korsakoff Dyer [ 1981-1983 ] ) , tales ( Riftin ) , collections of proverbs ( Yusurov ) , and other types of literature including short stories and novels are possible in SD .
One of the most interesting developments is in poetry where the typically blockish syllabic structure of traditional Han verse is no longer evident :
Vehmwus 'i minda shonyan
Sovyet guonyinshondi
Zei keikuardi guyitwuni
Lyan khuar yiyon zhonni
We are fortunate youths
During the Soviet period
In a land that is blossoming
Growing like flowers .
Ya. Hsivaza ( Du [ 1957 ] , pp. 284-285 )
Many different poetic genres and effects have now become feasible that were previously ruled out by the mandatory equidistant spacing of tetragraphic syllables .
Conversely , customary poetic devices such as parallelism are no longer relied upon so heavily as they were in traditional tetragraphic verse .
To give some indication of just how much SD diverges from MSM , we may compare the opening from a short story by Lu Xun to its translation in SR Note that a simple transcription of MSM into SD would be both unidiomatic and largely unintelligible to SD speakers who are unfamiliar with MSM .
Translation into English of the MSM original is also provided as a reference point .
Zhufu Chyuzhi Yiunchi
New Year 's Blessings Jiuli de niandi bijing mi xiang niandi , cunzhenshang bubi shuo , jilu zai tiankongzhong ye xianchu jiang dao Xinnian de qixiang lai .
Huibaise de chenzhong de wanyun zhongjian shishi fachu shanguang , jiezhe yi sheng dunxiang , shi songzao de baozhu ; jinchu ranfang de ke jiu geng qiangliele , zhen 'er de da yin hai meiyou xi , kongqili yijing sanmanle youwei de huoyao xiang .
Wo shi zhengzai zhe yi ye huidao wo de guxiang Luzhen de .
Suishuo guxiang , raner yi meiyou jia , suoyi zhide zhan yu zai Lu Si laoye de zhaizili .
Ta shi wo de benjia , bi wo zhang yi bei , yinggai cheng zhi yue " Sishu , " shi yige jiang lixue de lao jiansheng .
Lo litwudi linyirdi nei yityan tei hsyon gueh Hsin nyan zhyechidik 'in Lwuzh 'in zhuonz ' ishon guon ye bus 'i vi zhyeyin Hsin nyan monkhuondini , tadi chis 'ii litu ba Hsin nyandi vido du n'in v'inzhyan .
Tyechin yuntsei zhunt ' int ' indi zei banhsyukunni dyodini .
Yuntsei litu khuehzhyan bu zhwudyar rzhodadini .
Lyan khuehzhyan yitun , na z'i khwukhadi danz 'i yis 'ir , yis 'ir ye zei kunzhunni byedi , gi hsyonsh ' indini .
Zh'is 'i ba zhyanidi khehda sundo tyanshon , zhyo zwu mannyandi zunzhye bogochini .
Z'i danz 'i zhyali zhin byetuehli , kunzhunni hsyonsh 'in yuehhsin duehkhali .
Chis 'ii litu khuehyueh vido ye chwuleili .
Gueh Hsin nyandi nei zhityan veh dondor doli Lwuzh 'in zhuonz 'ishonli .
Suirzhan zh'is 'i s'in - yonli vehdi zhuonz 'i yeba , kehs 'i zhehr chyuanli mehyu vehdi chinchin - lwuzhyanli , yinvi neigeh mehfor veh zando Lwu S'izhyali .
Ta bi veh dadi bonzhyer yileiz 'ini yinvi neigeh , veh ba ta ch'inkhwuligeh zhyuzhyu .
Lo guonyinshon tas 'i kuehhsyuehzh 'in , zochyan zei D'iigui kuehhsyueh akademiya litu zwugueh kheuh .
( Eirbudwudi , p. 3 ) New Year 's
Eve of the old calendar , after all , seems more like the end of the year .
Even in the air , to say nothing of the towns and villages , there is an atmosphere of the approaching New Year .
Light flashes sporadically amidst the heavy , gray clouds of evening , followed by a rumbling reverberation from the firecrackers for sending off the Hearth God .
Those that explode nearby are even louder .
Before the deafening sound dissipates , the faint smell of gunpowder fills the air .
It was on this very night that I returned to myoId hometown of Luzhen .
Although I call it my hometown , there was no home left , so all I could do was stay at Mr. Lu the Fourth 's house for awhile .
He was a member of my clan , a generation older than me , so I should have called him " Fourth Uncle . "
He was an old student of the imperial academy who stressed Neo-Confucianism .
( Lu Hsun [ 1973 , originally completed February 7 , 1924 ] , p. 3 )
It is obvious from these passages and from a great deal of other evidence that SD , while clearly related to MSM , in many respects is as different from it as Dutch is from German , Spanish from Portuguese , Russian from Ukranian , or Hindi from Urdu .
If we were to examine comparable passages from MSM and current SD dealing with politics , science , or religion where borrowings from other languages are frequent , the contrast would be even sharper .
In terms of morphology , lexicon , grammar , syntax , and idiomatic usage , there are significant disparities between MSM and SD .
It is unfortunate that many Sinologists who have studied SD , including some who have published most extensively on the subject , are incapable of reading SD on its own terms .
Instead , they try to force it into an MSM straitjacket by equating SD syllables with tetragraphs .
By erroneously assuming that all SD morphemes can be written with appropriate tetragraphs , they often resort to ludicrously forced equations .
Consequently , their translations into Russian and English , which are based on these faulty tetragraphic transcriptions instead of on the original SD texts , are extremely unreliable .
The simple fact of the matter is that SD morphemes are not always identifiable with any of the 60,000 + tetragraphs .
Speakers of Dungan have bitterly complained about this myopically procrustean procedure which not only distorts their literature but seriously misrepresents the very nature of their language .
The patent differences between SD and MSM inevitably lead to the question of their linguistic relationship to each other .
Are they dialects or separate languages ?
The Dungans insist that SD is an independent language , not a dialect of Mandarin , and , indeed , even deny vehemently that they are Chinese at all .
The Chinese , contrarily , assert that there is only one Ran language and that SD , Cantonese , Taiwanese , Mandarin , and so forth are but dialects of it .
This is , of course , much too sensitive and complicated an issue to be discussed adequately here ( see Mair [ 1987 ] for a more thorough investigation ) , but we may note that the criteria for the Chinese lumping of many languages as a single language in general are more political than linguistic .
To defuse the issue slightly , from the Chinese point of view , we may refer to MSM , Cantonese , Taiwanese , and even SD -- if we accept the Dungan view -- as " topolects " ( the exact English equivalent of the Chinese designation fangyan ) which makes it seem slightly more neutral .
From the Dungan point of view , we must concur that there are many features of SD which set it apart from MSM , not the least of which is its extensive borrowing from Arabic , Persian , Kazakh , Kirghiz , Uighur , Uzbek , Turkish , and latterly Russian .
Even very common words such as the names of the days of the week are totally unrelated to MSM : Shanbe ( " Saturday " ) , Yekshanbe , Dwushanbe , Hsyesfianbe , Chashanbe .
Panshanbe , and Zhuma ( " Friday " ) .
These are derived from Persian Šambe , Yekšambe , Dosambe , Sešambe , Čāharšambe , Panjšambe , and Arabic Jom`e .
This leads to several very important phenomena concerning word borrowing in tetragraphic scripts .
In the first place , it requires the syllabification , distortion , or partial dropping of all consonant clusters ( " masochism " → mazhaofuzhuyi , " Kropotkinism " → Kelupaotejinzhuyi , " gram " → gelamu , " clutch " → kelazi , etc. ) .
Secondly , the tetragraphic : components employed are prone to cause various types of semantic dissonance , whether felicitous or not ( " miniskirt " → miniqun [ " skirt which entrances you " ] , " husband " → heiqibandeng [ " black lacquer board stool " ] , " Broadway " → Bailaohui [ " place where all the old people congregate " ] , etc. ) .
Thirdly , there is a tendency to abbreviate so drastically that any connection with the original term is hopelessly obscured ( " aluminum " → lyu , " manganese " → meng , " uranium " → you , " Bodhisattva " → Pusa , " speculation " → siban , etc. ) .
Fourthly , multiple forms cause mass confusion .
Here we need only mention that 22 different renditions of " microphone " have been reported ( maikefeng , maigefeng , maike , mi , huatong , chuanshengqi , kuoyinqi [ also used for " megaphone , " " amplifier , " and " loudspeaker " ] , weiyinqi , etc. ) .
Fifthly , borrowing is discouraged in favor of the creation of calques , neologisms , and translations ( " thermometer " → wendubiao [ " warmth - degree - gauge " ] , " geometry " → jihe [ " how much , " i.e. " quantity , " coined by Xu Guangqi , 1562 - 1633 ] , " eugenics " → youshengxue [ " superior - birth - study " < Japanese yūseigakul or shanzhongxue [ " good- seed / race - study " ] , " Xerox " → quanlu [ " complete - record " ] , yingyin [ " shadow - print " ] , fuyin [ " reprint " ] , etc. ] .
The situation is altogether different with SD which borrows freely and naturally without any tetragraphic masking or interference .
Above the nameplate of the Dungan newspaper Sh'iyudi Chi [ October Banner ] is the following slogan : " Chyuan sh'izhyedi proletarmu , lyankhehchyelei !
[ Workers of the world unite ! ] "
It will be observed that the borrowed term " proletariat " is readily capable of taking a plural suffix .
Borrowing thus becomes productive within the morphological framework of SD .
Another example is that of kolkhoz , also borrowed into English , which is a Russian contraction ( from kollektivnoe khozyaistvo ) meaning " collective farm . "
In SD , it is used flexibly without any distortion from tetragraphs .
Kolkhoztnu means kolkhozes , kolkhozzhya ( where zhya is a suffix signifying a person who follows a certain profession or occupation ) refers to an individual belonging to a kolkhoz , kolkhozzhyamu means " members of a kolkhoz , " and kolkhozzhyamudi means " belonging to the members of a kolkhoz . "
Given the terrific direct borrowing capacity of SD and the fact that it was already thought to be " nonstandard " ( from the MSM vantage ) when its speakers left China over a hundred years ago , one is bound to be frustrated if one thinks in terms of Chinese tetragraphs when trying to read and write this language .
What is more , the longer SD continues to be written in a fully phonemic script , the more difficult it will be to write in tetragraphs .
New words are constantly emerging in all Han languages without any necessary connection to the tetragraphs .
As Robert Cheng has shown for Taiwanese and Robert Bauer for Cantonese , there are many instances where it is impossible to write these languages in tetragraphs .
The speech of Chengdu , classified as a Mandarin dialect , is chock full of words that would be completely incomprehensible to someone who was familiar only with MSM and for which there are no secure tetragraphs : zuazi ( " what [ are you ] doing ? " ) , jinjin ( " torn cloth " ) , diaoqiao ( " to be exceedingly choosy " ) , and so on ( Luo Yunxi ) .
In the rural areas of Sichuan , the situation is even more hopeless , so that someone who is conversant only in MSM cannot fathom the local topolects at all .
Even in Pekingese , the supposed model for MSM , there are hundreds of common expressions whose tetragraphic form is not fixed ( Chen Gang ) .
In such instances , one is often forced to make arbitrary choices ( e.g. gai maor [ " splendid " or " to block a shot in basketball " ] , cuiber [ " lackey " ] , qiemer [ " stage decoration for traditional opera " ] , etc. ) .
Numerous expressions used in the daily life of Peking Muslims are still considered by many of them to be irreducible to fixed tetragraphic segments ( sab [ " thanks " ] , wubair [ " congratulations " ] , niyaht [ " alms " ] , koufan [ " vow " ] , wus [ " bath , shampoo " ] , and dozens of others ) ( Jin ; Hu ; also see Wexler [ 1976 ] for a study of Persian , Arabic , and other borrowings in various Chinese languages and dialects ) .
Let us now address some of the potential disadvantages of the romanization of MSM in light of SD .
Perhaps the one aspect of phoneticization that frightens language reformers more than any other is the presumably intolerable levels of homonymy that will ensue .
There is no doubt that romanized Classical Chinese would be gibberish , but that is because it is not a spoken language .
Classical Chinese can only be read with the aid of the semantic components of the tetragraphs ; their sounds alone will not suffice .
Such is not the case with the vernacular Han languages which are used by millions for oral communication without any reference whatsoever to the tetragraphs .
It is a truism that people do not speak in tetragraphs .
What they speak , rather , are strings of sounds without any visual components except sporadic nonessential gestures .
Anything that can be spoken and understood without ambiguity can also be recorded phonetically and understood without ambiguity so long as the same amount of context is provided .
In the romanization of MSM , however , there are several caveats that need to be made .
The written model must first of all be truly vernacular .
Classical ( wenyan ) or semiclassical ( banwenbanbat ) styles simply will not work .
Only those classical expressions and foreign terms that are immediately recognizable when spoken can be included without explanatory notes .
That is to say , they must be firmly embedded in the living language of the people or , in other words , they must be " sayable . "
A key lesson to be learned from SD is that romanization of MSM must take advantage of the polysyllabicity of the language .
The average length of a word in MSM , the monosyllabic myth notwithstanding , is almost exactly two syllables ( Mair [ 1986 ] , p. 140 ) .
Once spelled out polysyllabically , even without taking into account the tones , there are not nearly so many homonyms in MSM as commonly believed .
Indeed , if Han languages had the sort of homophone problems attributed to them by opponents of phoneticization , there would be unworkable ambiguity in speech .
Were this to be the case , surely the users of Han languages would have the resources to remedy such a serious obstacle to effective communication .
This leads to the question of how to represent tones in romanized MSM or , indeed , whether they need to be indicated at all .
Once again , the practices of SD are instructive and merit investigation by Chinese language reformers .
Those who designed the SD alphabet wisely refrained from requiring the indication of tones in running text .
There are several advantages to this , not the least being that it is easier to type the language without having to insert ungainly diacriticals , numerals , or extra letters that are also hard to order in computer sorts .
It also means that dialectical differences in tonal usage are not brought into conflict when standardizing the script .
Tones are , however , specified in dictionaries ( they are even given for borrowings such as brigadir I - I - III ) , in much the same fashion that we provide pronunciation guides in our English dictionaries .
SD also has an elaborate system of stressed and unstressed syllables , somewhat comparable to full and neutral tones in MSM or accent in English , but these are not designated in the orthography nor in dictionaries .
It is expected that the native reader will automatically produce the correct tones , sandhi , and stress when vocalizing a text .
This is , indeed , what transpires in actual practice .
Presumably , as in Russian texts for beginning students , fuller indication of the minutiae of pronunciation might be provided for learners of Cyrillic : SD and romanized MSM as well .
We should remember that tetragraphs do not even provide an accurate guide to the pronunciation of the syllables they are meant to represent , so they are often supplied with phonetic annotations ( bopomofo [ zhuyin fuhao ] , pinyin , furigana ) , usually including indication of tones where appropriate , for the novice .
It is interesting to see how SD handles words which are often considered problems in using Pinyin to write MSM .
There are supporters of Pinyin who insist that with non-representation of tones , and sometimes even with tone representation , there would be so much ambiguity that it is necessary to distinguish a few frequently used words by creating distinctive spellings , as in the case of zai ( " at " ) versus zay ( " again " ) , you ( " have " ) versus iu ( " again " ) , and xiang ( " toward " ) versus xiaang ( " think " ) .
In SD orthography , tones are never marked in running text and no special spellings are used to distinguish homonyms .
As they devised their orthography , Dungan writers realized that homophonous confusion could be avoided , instead , by careful attention to context and by substitution of polysyllabic words when necessary .
The following quatrain will serve to show that , even in highly elliptical verse which is fraught with inversion and other poetic effects , homophony does not pose a problem so long as the author is attentive to making himself clear :
Vehmu kolkhoz yu yigeh rzh'in ,
Da chui , mazhon bu nanv 'in .
Tinzhyan zwu khueh ba bin zhuon ,
Yityan do khi yu s'i fon .
There is a man on our kolkhoz
Who is always fighting , never stops running around ;
He hears the workers loading ice ,
But the whole day long pokes his nose into things .
( cited in Sushanlo and Imazov , p. 48 )
Taken by themselves , many of the words in this quatrain are indeed ambiguous : yu ( [ tone ]
I stroll , go , wander , travel ; oil , grease , fat ; II have ; III right ; again , still ) , rzh 'in ( I person ; II bear , endure , suffer ; III recognize , acknowledge ) , da ( I catch , hunt , place , put , set , detain hold , keep , increase , throw on or over ; father , from , out of ; II beat , strike , hit , and dozens of idiomatic usages ; III big ) , chui ( I pound , beat ) , ma ( I mother ; hemp ; take [ away ] ; play ; numb ; II horse ; III curse , scold , swear ) , zhon ( I open [ up or wide ] ; look at with wonder ; II to grow ; support , maintain , control ; shoe ; III to swell , blow up ; a unit of length ; account [ book ] ) , and so forth for all of the monosyllabic words .
The same phenomenon exists in other languages as well .
Take , for example , the English sentence ' We can ring up the operator right away and have her tell the highway patrol that a drunk bear from the state park is creating a traffic jam at the cloverleaf . "
Over half of the words in this sentence are possessed of a plurisignification that can only be disambiguated through juxtaposition with other words in set semantic structures .
It would take a perverse or seriously deficient reader to insist that " can " here signifies " metal container " or " toilet , " that " ring " signifies " a small circular band , " and so on .
Conversely , unless an author is being intentionally obscure or is inattentive to the needs of his reader , he will naturally employ various devices at his command to ensure that his message is conveyed accurately .
Thus , if there is any chance of misunderstanding ma ( " horse " ) for ma ( " mother " ) in a given sentence , SD authors will choose mama to specify the latter .
The same holds for dada instead of da ( " father " ) when the situation warrants greater specificity .
To show how the writer constructs his language in such a fashion that multivalent components acquire explicit meanings , let us examine briefly a few of the collocations in the quoted verse .
In the first line , the verbal position of yu permits it to mean " there is " or " to have " but not " oil " or " again . "
Because rzh 'in follows a number plus attached measure word , it can only mean " person , " not " endure " or " recognize . "
Da and chui together constitute a virtual compound that conveys the sense of " fight . "
Similarly , ma and zhon following one another and occurring just before a verb with its attendant adverb , if any , are limited to the single interpretation " horseshoe . "
Bu coming before a stative verb ( " to remain quiet " ) must be the negative adverb instead of the verb " repair " or the nouns " cloth " and " step . "
Zwu and khueh together can only mean " work " which enables the reader to understand that the final three words of the third line must refer to a common form of labor in the kolkhoz .
Thus ba becomes the pretransitive marker instead of " to pull out , " " to climb , " " uncle , " " eight , " " to guard , " " to take , " " dam ( usually occurs only in the form fiba ) , " or " harrow . "
The object bin and its accompanying verb zhuon then are readily comprehended as " ice , " not " soldier " or " ill , " and " load " not " decorate , " " pretend , " " stake , " " stout , " " fill , " or " plump .
Yityan do khi is a common expression which prohibits the misinterpretation of do as " to peck , " " knife , " " overturn , " " to thrust , " " to change , " " pour , " " road , " or " island " instead of " up to ( khi can only mean " dark[ness ] " ) .
Fon s'i is a closely bound phrase meaning " investigate affairs , " which eliminates about a half dozen other possibilities for each of the two syllables if they were isolated .
The phrase is here inverted for the rhyme .
In contrast to its verbal function in the first line , yu here plays an adverbial role .
All of this seems elaborate and complicated when explained step by step , but for an experienced reader of SD , the correct choices are made automatically and without hesitation .
It must further be remembered that alternative meanings for each of the given monosyllables have their own delimiting constructions .
For instance , do in the sense of " knife " will usually follow immediately after a measure word and is often combined with another syllable , which narrows the range of its meaning , hence mado ( " sword " ) and dobaz 'i ( " knife haft " ) , etc .
The adjectives ( " sharp , " " dull " ) and verbs ( " slice , " " cut " ) with which it customarily appears also make clear that do means " knife " not " island " or the like .
Those who stubbornly maintain that SD must be unworkably ambiguous because of homophony merely display their own condescension toward the Dungans .
In effect , they are saying that all of the stories , poems , textbooks , and newspapers of the Dungans do not make sense .
It is hard for a sensitive observer to impute such gross stupidity to a people as to imagine that day after day for over half a century they would read and write voluminous nonsense .
Yet there are indeed many prominent Sinologists who entertain such a preposterous opinion .
Most of them do not know a single word of SD , and the rest only pretend that they do .
In truth , they are singularly unqualified to pontificate on the workability of SD .
The Dungans , who are fluent and literate in their own language and who use it for a variety of useful purposes , know better .
Their quiet and persistent faith in their own script exposes the folly and intolerance of the uninformed experts .
The same people who doubt the practicability of SD are even more vociferous in their denunciations of Pinyin MSM .
Oblivious of the fact that the Chinese navy has been using Pinyin -- without tones indicated -- to send semaphoric and other types of messages for over two decades , that New China News Agency reporters overseas file their stories in Pinyin , that Pinyin is routinely employed in machine translation research , and that much private correspondence is already being carried out in Pinyin , they declare that a romanized orthography is impossible for MSM .
To put the matter bluntly , the experts are wrong .
Pinyin MSM is already a reality among certain restricted circles .
Its versatility , expressiveness , and utility have been proven repeatedly though not among the broad populace .
Still , there is much that proponents of Pinyin MSM might learn from the history and practice of SD .
For example , instead of proposing separate spellings for mǎi ( " to buy " ) and mài ( " to sell " ) or worrying about the need for diacriticals in running text , they might consider the Dungan practice of substituting polysyllabic words when necessary .
Thus mei II replaced by meishon ( " to buy " ) and mei III is replaced by meidyo ( " to sell " ) .
Likewise , MSM could use mailai , goumai , shoumai , shougou , dinggou , dinghuo , caigou , etc. for mǎi , and maidiao , chumai , chushou , huomai , xiaoshou , neixiao , waixiao , jingxiao , jingshou , etc. for mài depending on the circumstances .
In most cases , the context is sufficiently clear that mai alone will be enough .
Nor do such apocryphal stories as the misshipment of xiāngjiāo ( " bananas " ) for xiàngjiāo ( " rubber " ) constitute an obstacle to the Dungans , who use the international terms rezina or kauchuk for rubber and banan or bazhyo for banana .
If there is any likelihood of a mistake ( which seems highly unlikely anyway ) , even MSM can easily avoid the problem by specifying renzao xiangjiao , hecheng xiangjiao , ziran xiangjiao , shujiao , dadoujiao , alabojiao , dingben xiangjiao , etc. for specific types of rubber and reserving xiangjiao for banana , adopting the scientific term ganjiao or using the international word banana ( often heard in Hong Kong and Singapore ) .
The point is that conscientious writers , like thoughtful speakers , are resourceful and fully capable of molding their language into a tool for communicating their thoughts and ideas efficiently and accurately .
Above all , advocates of Pinyin MSM should emulate SD by adopting a thoroughly vernacular style .
Bastardized semiliterary Mandarin texts are pretentious , infelicitous , and ineffective for precise communication .
Another highly personal qualm besetting those who contemplate the alphabetization of MSM is that names and surnames will no longer be distinguishable .
Many Chinese worry that , since there are only an extremely limited number of syllables in MSM ( between 398 and 418 , depending on dialect , or 1,277 if tones are taken into account -- DeFrancis [ 1984 ] , p. 42 -- compared to over 8,000 in English ) and since Chinese names are either one or two syllables in length , they would be reduced to drab monotony .
Here , as well , SD allays our fears .
First of all , it must be reiterated that when Chinese address each other , they do so with strings of sounds , not with tetragraphs , so the tetragraphs do not serve to disambiguate names and surnames except when written or described visually .
With SD , a very interesting phenomenon occurs .
Han names and surnames are modified by the addition of Russian endings or Islamic names are adopted .
It also becomes easier to identify an individual as male or female on the basis of his or her name ( in contrast to the perennial complaints against the genderless quality of most Chinese names ) .
In any event , the range of possibilities for naming oneself and one 's children are actually much broader in SD than in MSM and other tetragraphic Han languages ( see , for example , Yanhsyans 'in [ 1968 ] , pp. 160-169 ) .
Foreign personal names and place - names also benefit from alphabetization by not having to undergo the syllabic deformation imposed by the tetragraphs .
For example , in SD we find Nikolayi Mikhayilovich Przheval ' skiyi instead of MSM Nikelamikayiluoweichipuerrewaersiji , Abdurakhman instead of Abudulaheman , Tokmak instead of Tuokemake , S'ir - dar ' ya instead of Sierdaliya , Armyan instead of Aermingniyaren , Gruzin instead of Gelujiyaren .
This is a decided boon in an increasingly international world which .
shares essentially the same geographical , scientific , technical , social , and economic terminology .
Conclusion
When they first arrived in Russia over a century ago , except for a few religious instructors ( SD akhun , MSM ahong = Persian ākhūnd ) who were able to read parts of the Koran in Arabic , virtually the entire population of the Dungans was illiterate .
Now the adult population is almost wholly literate , but in a way their ancestors would have found hard to predict , for the Soviet Dungans read neither Chinese nor Arabic .
Instead , they read a combination of materials written in SD and in Russian , Kazakh , Kirghiz , or Uzbek -- all in the Cyrillic alphabet .
In spite of their small population base , the Cyrillic alphabet has served the Dungans well in helping them to preserve their language and their identity .
They are prosperous , their population is growing steadily , and they are respected as superb kolkhozzhyamu , not to mention other professions in which they have succeeded .
The purpose of this paper has been to discuss some of the advantages and disadvantages of cyrillicization of SD but , above all , to suggest that the experience of the Soviet Dungans with their alphabet merits the most intense scrutiny of Chinese language planners , reformers , and private activists .
The Soviet Dungans are by no means the only speakers of a Han language to have experimented with a phonetic script .
Thousands of elderly people who were taught the vernacular script of South Fukien ( Minnan Baihuazi ) by Christian missionaries during the first half of this century are still literate only in that alphabetic script ( Huang ) .
The sisterhood of Jiangyong county , Hunan province were clever and determined enough to devise their own syllabary known as " Women 's Writing " ( Nyushu ) and based on skewed forms of a limited number of select graphs .
It is likely that there were many other similar attempts to create demotic phonetic pts in China .
The fundamental difference with SD is that it grew up outside of the Chinese polity and hence , far from being suppressed by government and elites , it has been actively fostered Soviet authorities .
Several general points need to be emphasized before drawing this paper to a close .
The most important one is to recognize that Chinese language reformers are faced with a genuine dilemma , to wit , which should come first , unification of the spoken Han languages or romanization ?
The study of SD has shown how very different the so - called " dialects " of China are -- and here we are dealing with a language that is ostensibly ( or was once ) a very close relative of Northwest Mandarin .
So far , research on the topolects has been restricted almost entirely to phonological studies .
More intensive investigations on the grammar , lexicon , idiomatic usage , and syntax of the topolects is sure to reveal startling disparities among them ( cf. Moser 's insightful comments in his 1985 book ) .
Sanders has already rightfully called our attention to the great differences between MSM and all Han dialects , topolects , and languages as they are actually spoken in real life .
The contributions of the tetragraphs to the cultural and political continuity of China are undeniable .
At the same time , however , they have inhibited unification of spoken Han languages by perpetuating a vast congeries of topolects , most of which have never been written down .
The tetragraphs permit individuals from different topolectical backgrounds to pronounce them in wildly varying fashions .
For example , MSM chen ( " array " ) is read as tsan in Hangzhou , dzang in Shanghai , dzing in Ningpo , teng in Fuzhou , tin in Amoy and Swatou , and zhen in Canton .
Through a judicious and well - planned introduction of Pinyin , standardization of MSM could be achieved within a reasonable period of time , whereas the present policy of benign neglect ensures that the mutually unintelligible Han topolects will probably persist indefinitely .
It is noteworthy that few of the leaders of the Pinyin movement during the past 30 years , men such as Zhou Youguang , Ni Haishu , and Yin Binyong , were native speakers of MSM and yet they all could write beautifully correct romanized Mandarin .
A similar situation obtains with SD where speakers of the non-standard Tokmak dialect are able to read and W - rite the standard language .
So long as related speech forms are mutually intelligible ( i.e. , are truly dialects and not separate languages ) , it is possible to select one of them as standard even before complete unanimity of pronunciation and usage is attained among all the members of a linguistic community ( indeed , absolute unanimity is impossible because each speaker inevitably has his or her own idiolect ) .
This is also illustrated by the relationships that obtain among West Texas , Eastern Maryland , Boston Brahmin , and Midwestern varieties of American speech .
They each have a unique pronunciation and special expressions but they remain , nonetheless , mutually intelligible and all employ the same standard for written English .
From this and other evidence , it would appear that appropriately phased romanization of MSM would actually stimulate unification of the Han topolects rather than prevent it .
There are many other benefits of romanization .
Aside from all those we have cited above , perhaps the most important in the present age of advanced electronic information processing is the ability to arrange large quantities of data in a single alphabetical listing , manipulate them in various useful ways , and to retrieve them readily and inexpensively .
Another important advantage is the capacity for alphabetical scripts to employ modern terminology directly from other languages without having to stumble about while waiting for a consensus on an appropriate translation .
SD , as a functioning alphabetical Han language , has shown its adaptability to the needs of its users by developing a complex , up - to - date vocabulary for dealing with modern agriculture ( machines , plants , irrigation , fertilizers , and so forth ) .
In some respects , it was easier for the Dungans to alphabetize than it will be for the Chinese .
For one thing , they were not weighed down by three thousand years of tetragraphic civilization as is the mainstream of literate Chinese now made up of those who can read and write MSM with proficiency .
Also , as pointed out above , the Dungans were actively supported by the Soviet government in their efforts to create an alphabet .
On the other hand , the Chinese are in some respects in a better position to phoneticize MSM than were the Dungans when they started out to do so in the early part of this century .
MSM has already possessed a neat , coherent spelling system for over 30 years .
It can be typed on a standard keyboard and , with the substitution of yu for ü , requires no special symbols or diacriticals .
Best of all , the advocates of the alphabetization of MSM are able to learn from the long and fruitful experience of SD .
Examination of the history of SD brings to light the necessity in alphabetization for making script emphatically subordinate to spoken language .
For successful alphabetization , it is essential to abandon the attempt to sustain a one - to - one correspondence with the tetragraphs since so much that is written in Chinese is composed in a banwenbanbai style removed in varying degrees from any actual speech .
Surely ,
Han languages preceded the tetragraphs and , while the latter indubitably had an impact on the former during the more than three millennium in which they interacted , it is obvious that speech has always been primary and script secondary .
We need only recall that right up to the present the vast majority of Chinese have been wholly or functionally illiterate , whereas all Chinese except a tiny and statistically insignificant percentage of mutes can speak one or another Han language .
The cardinal rule Chinese script reformers must always keep in mind is this : do not panic !
If something of substance can be said without ambiguity in the spoken language , then it most assuredly can be written with suitable phonetic symbols .
Unless we assume that the content of spoken
Han languages is decidedly less colorful and interesting than that of written Chinese , then , as the Dungans have shown us , we need not fear that a written language based on phonetically transcribed speech will be necessarily inferior to tetragraphic writing and may even be superior in some aspects .
Unless we assume that the lectures of Chinese professors are babyish and the tales of Chinese storytellers are bland , then there is nothing to prevent the emulation of SD by MSM .
Just as Cyrillic SD is already a reality , so can MSM gain an auxiliary Roman expression by following its path .
Acknowledgement
The author wishes to express his special gratitude to I. Yusupov of Alma Ata ( Khazakh SSR ) and M. Sushafflo , Director of the Dungan Research Institute of the Academy of Sciences in Frunze ( Kirghiz SSR ) for providing him with many of the SD materials that were used in the preparation of this paper .
He would also like to thank John DeFrancis for much helpful guidance .
This paper was originally prepared for the conference on " The Legacy of Islam in China : An International Symposium in Memory of Joseph F. Fletcher " held at Harvard University , April 14 - 16 , 1989 .
Revised June 22 , 1989 and subsequently .
Select Bibliography
Capitals Assign Center Michael Nylander to Grand Rapids for Conditioning Stint by Staff Writer / Washington Capitals
ARLINGTON , Va. – The Washington Capitals have assigned center Michael Nylander to the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) on a conditioning stint , vice president and general manager George McPhee announced today .
Nylander , 37 , has played 920 career NHL games for the Capitals , New York Rangers , Boston , Chicago , Tampa Bay , Calgary and Hartford .
He has not played a game this season .
View Less
Human beings , as we know them , developed from earlier species of animals : true or false ?
This simple question is splitting America apart , with a growing proportion thinking that we did not descend from an ancestral ape .
A survey of 32 European countries , the US and Japan has revealed that only Turkey is less willing than the US to accept evolution as fact .
Religious fundamentalism , bitter partisan politics and poor science education have all contributed to this denial of evolution in the US , says Jon Miller of Michigan State University in East Lansing , who conducted the survey with his colleagues .
“ The …
