Bolivia has enacted what animal rights activists are calling the world 's first ban on all animals in circuses .
A handful of other countries have banned the use of wild animals in circuses , but the Bolivian ban includes domestic animals as well .
The law , which states that the use of animals in circuses " constitutes an act of cruelty " , took effect on 1 July with operators given a year to comply , according to the bill 's sponsor , Ximena Flores .
The law was proposed after an undercover investigation by the nonprofit - making London - based group Animal Defenders International ( ADI ) found widespread abuse in circuses operating in Bolivia .
Flores said authorities aim to stop circus operators from killing animals they can no longer use .
" About 50 animals are circulating in national and international circuses at the moment [ in Bolivia ] and we want to negotiate to make sure that the animals are n't eliminated , " she said .
The ADI chief executive , Jan Creamer , called the law " groundbreaking " .
The group 's investigators in Bolivia worked side - by - side with circus workers and filmed disturbing mistreatment , she said , adding that poorly paid and badly trained workers routinely abused animals .
" If they wanted an animal to move , their immediate reaction was a kick or a punch or a shove , " she said .
She said circus animals suffer everywhere – including in developed countries – from living in tight quarters and being constantly transported .
" It 's rather as if you and I were asked to spend the rest of our lives living in our bathroom , " said Creamer .
" In Bolivia there were three brown bears being kept in tiny compartments just 2 by 3 metres . "
The law sets fines for infractions and allows for animals to be confiscated by authorities , added Flores .
Text size
PITY POOR GOLDMAN SACHS .
WELL , MAYBE not exactly poor , after raking in a stunning $ 3.44 billion in profits in the June quarter .
But not since the public wanted to pillory the oil companies for having to pay four bucks a gallon at the gas pump has such opprobrium been heaped on a company as last week , when Goldman reported its blow - out earnings .
Of course , the rabble already was roused by a polemic in a rock - and - roll rag blaming Goldman for virtually every financial catastrophe since the South Sea Bubble , especially the current housing bust .
With so many miscreants participating in arguably the biggest financial catastrophe in history , it 's all but impossible to point to the chief perpetrator ( although Michael Lewis makes a good case for American International Group in his excellent piece in Vanity Fair , " The Man Who Crashed the World " ) .
In truth , there was a suspension of disbelief all down the line : by mortgage brokers who arranged loans for delusional borrowers who bought houses they both knew they could n't afford ; bankers who collected , pooled and sliced and diced the junk mortgages into triple - A securities ; ratings agencies who provided that Good Housekeeping Seal of Approval to those defective products ; investors who credulously bought these mortgage - backed securities with gilt - edged ratings and junk - bond yields ; sellers of credit - default swaps who never thought they'd have to pay off on the insurance they 'd written .
And do n't forget Fannie and Freddie , which leveraged the implicit ( and later explicit ) backing of Uncle Sam to use cheap credit to balloon their balance sheets .
And it was all fine , of course , because house prices never went down .
No less an authority than Alan Greenspan , the former Federal Reserve chairman , saw no problem with this because , firstly , scattering all these loans to the wind meant the risk was dispersed and therefore nobody needed to worry about the all these dubious loans threatening the financial health of any one institution .
Moreover , there was no need to worry about bubbles ; though they inevitably burst , the damage can be contained by reinflating a new one .
In that , Greenspan had empirical evidence on his side , after having reflated successive burst bubbles over his tenure .
The Fed had done just that after the 1987 stock - market crash , which led to the commercial real - estate and junk - bond booms and busts of the late ' 80s .
And after the dot - com bust of 2001 ( which was helped importantly by Fed pumping to stave off the supposed Y2 K threat ) , Greenspan countered by slashing rates to 1 % by 2003 and leaving them at preternaturely low levels for a couple of years , which inflated the housing bubble .
Now , two years after the first hiss of air coming out that bubble with the swoon of a couple of Bear Stearns hedge funds , and trillions of dollars later , it seems that Goldman 's boffo numbers are signaling the financial crisis is over .
Having repaid its capital injection under the Troubled Asset Relief Program , Goldman allocated some $ 11.4 billion for compensation in this year 's first half , which works out to an annualized $ 770,000 for each chief , cook and bottle - washer at the firm .
Those 770 G's do n't sound outrageous compared with the average Major League baseball player pulling down $ 3 million .
Or compared with any of the New York Mets , who would be overpaid at minimum wage these days .
Or compared with what Michael Jackson is raking in after what may have been the best possible career move left to him ( see Elvis ) .
Goldman 's profits and compensation would n't cause such a stir were the firm not the recipient of massive government subsidy for the key raw material for its business -- free , or nearly free , money .
While Goldie repaid the TARP money , it has been able to issue bonds backed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. under its Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program .
As Andrew Bary detailed in these page three months ago ( " How Do You Spell Sweet Deal ?
For Banks ,
It 's TLGP , " April 20 ) , Goldman probably saved up to $ 600 million by issuing FDIC - backed debt with yields reflecting Uncle Sam 's guarantee .
" TLGP , not TARP , is the feds ' biggest source of largesse to financial firms , " Bary concluded .
Goldman took that largesse and made the most of it , generating $ 3.44 billion of profit in the second quarter , mainly as a result of massive trading gains .
Indeed , Bianco Research points out that Goldman appears to behave like a giant credit portfolio .
Since the peak of the credit cycle in early February 2007 , the price of Goldman shares ( ticker : GS ) has moved in lock - step with corporate investment - grade and junk - bond spreads .
Goldie 's stock plunged in last year 's crisis and rode up the credit recovery this year , which was fueled by the massive liquidity injection by the government via the Fed 's myriad facilities -- TARP , TLGP , etc. , etc. , etc .
All of which suggest a modest proposal :
If Goldman now can wring out nearly $ 14 billion in annualized profits a year , why not have the government give it a portfolio to manage that 's six times its current size ?
Then the federal government could generate $ 100 billion a year , which would cover the $ 1 trillion tab the Congressional Budget Office reckons government - run health - care will cost over the next decade .
That 's about the only credible way that health - care reform would pay for itself .
And it would be a lot less painful than the tax increases proposed to pay for health - care reform .
As the table in D.C. Current shows , the top marginal income - tax rate could be as high as 58.7 % for residents of New York City after counting city , state and federal levies under the plan being considered by the House of Representatives ( which would include lots of Goldman bankers and traders ) .
That would be the effect of a proposed surtax starting at 1 % for couples with adjusted gross incomes over $ 350,000 to 5.4 % for those making over $ 1 million , along with reversion of the top bracket for ordinary income to 39.6 % from 35 % in 2011 .
Moving to bucolic Oregon or blue Hawaii would still mean a top marginal rate over 57 % , followed by New York and California just below that .
Not that that conjures much sympathy for Wall Streeters , but the real burden of these higher taxes falls on small businesses , most of which file 1040s , not corporate returns .
Moreover , many of them felt doubly beleaguered with CIT Group ( CIT ) , a lender to thousands of small - and medium - sized businesses , failing to win further federal assistance , most notably the company 's reported request to issue FDIC - backed debt of the sort that has benefited Goldman and other Wall Street firms so handsomely .
Evidently , CIT was deemed not too big to fail .
And unlike California , it can't issue IOUs once it 's tapped out .
Indeed , some of CIT 's creditors might actually be rooting for CIT to go bust .
According to Bank of America - Merrill Lynch 's Situation Room research report , a portion of CIT debt is held by creditors who are hedged through protection from credit - default swaps .
Thus , they would face no risk from a default or would actually welcome one since their CDS insurance would then pay off .
BofA - Merrill estimates a net CDS exposure of $ 3.46 billion , versus $ 33.5 billion of unsecured CIT debt .
While that represents less than 10 % , those holding credit protection might profit from a CIT bankruptcy .
While the specter of a CIT filing loomed , by Friday , Goldman , JPMorgan Chase , Morgan Stanley and Barclays were working on a $ 2 billion - $ 3 billion package for CIT , Dow Jones Newswires reported .
But CIT may need as much as $ 6 billion to avoid bankruptcy .
A filing would most seriously crimp smaller retailers who rely on CIT for working capital .
It 's clear that the government 's massive exertions have gone a long way to stabilize the financial system and , in some cases , reverse the worst effects of the crisis .
The Fed 's cut in its fed - funds target to 0 - 0.25 % , along with massive injections of liquidity , has brought the key three - month London interbank offered rate all the way down to a hair over 0.5 % .
Although Treasury yields are up from their lows , investment - grade corporate bond spreads have narrowed sharply while mortgage rates have come down .
And those efforts are evident in the stock market as the first returns of the current earnings season helped erase the June - early July swoon with a 7 % rally last week .
That put the Standard & Poor 's 500 right up to the 940 resistance level , around where it topped out in early June and where it started 2009 .
But the monetary and fiscal stimuli have been far more successful in boosting the stock and credit markets , and by extension , Wall Street , than arresting the decline in the economy on Main Street .
ISI Group points out the decline in payrolls over the past 18 months has been a record , some 3.1 % , about half - again the plunge in the early 1980s .
Meanwhile , productivity was at a record high in the first quarter -- good for profits , less so for the wage slaves who are working more for less .
Yet , the declarations of the end of the recession are growing by the day .
And as each day passes , we are by definition one day closer to its end ( not to mention our own ) .
Even Dr. Doom , Nouriel Roubini , was quoted as saying that he had upgraded his outlook last week .
Roubini , however , reiterated his long - held view this recession would last two years ; it 's in its 19th month and so has five months to go .
But , he emphasizes , the recovery will be a meager 1 % , far below the economy 's potential growth of 2.75 % , because of the debt overhang among households .
Roubini adds the labor market is very weak , with unemployment likely to hit 11 % next year , up from 9.5 % currently , with the potential of the second phase of a W - shaped recession starting in late 2010 .
Wall Street should enjoy its good fortune while it lasts .
Dan Alpert of Westwood Capital is n't buying the " housing has bottomed " argument .
He thinks we 're closer to the bottom than the top ( thank goodness ) , but that we 're only 75 % of the way there .
The silver lining ?
Some markets have overshot ( See them here ... along with the ones that have n't ) .
So here 's hoping you live in one .
Highlights :
One year ago , we projected that the U.S. housing market would decline from peak bubble - era levels by 28.2 % .
Although many observers thought we were overly pessimistic , it turns out we were n’t
pessimistic enough .
Now , with the benefit of hindsight and more robust data points drawn from the last
12 months of market activity , we believe that housing will stabilize nationally , when expressed in terms
of the Case - Shiller 20 - City Index , at a decline of 43 % from peak levels [ we 're at 32 % now ] , or an index reading of approximately 117 .
To firmly return to the upper limits of historically justifiable levels of stabile prices relative to rents in
particular , we believe the Case - Shiller 20 markets must decline , on average ( with considerable
differences among markets ) , by an additional +/-16.9 % from May 2009 levels .
In the final years of this decade ’s housing mania , home buyers not only assumed the value of the home they acquired would rise to the moon ; they were often paying more than 50 % of purchase price toward what was effectively a wildly overpriced option on that presumed growth , relative to the portion that could be reasonably attributed to the shelter cost .
In addition to being massively overpriced relative to the value of the embedded option on future growth , U.S. homes completely disconnected from every other indicia of the potential value of owning a home — rents , incomes , construction materials costs and labor costs .
The bubble actually dates back to 1997 , when housing diverged from a historical range of average
price / rent ratios ( which we have calculated as 11.4 –13.8 times prevailing rents , dating back to 1953 ) .
The balloon in home prices accelerated to 15.2 times by the end of the tech bubble in March 2000 .
After a slight downward adjustment , and with the Fed ’s reaction to the events of Sept. 11 , 2001 , the
price to rent multiple of U.S. homes commenced its relentless and unprecedented climb to its peak : 25.6 times at the end of 2005 .
To regain long - term stability and work off the current housing glut , prices will need to fall ( net of
extraordinary tax credits for the purpose of spurring short - term housing demand ) , such that the price to
rent multiple re-enters its historical range of values .
This has already occurred in several markets , as set forth in the appendix to this report , with the others expected to catch up over time .
On a national basis , such an adjustment would still result in nominal ( before subtracting inflation ) growth of 48.5 % in
housing prices since 1997 , as would be expected — but still a long way from the 163.8 % rise to the
bubble ’s peak .
Reconstructing American Home Values Dan Alpert Westwood Capital
( Last updated October 22 , 2013 for International CAPS Lock Day )
Now you can change your Caps Lock key into something useful : a BILLY MAYS KEY !
Billy Mays Caps
Lock is a small utility that runs from your Windows PC 's system tray .
Whenever you hit the Caps Lock key , you 'll hear Billy Mays say one of his famous phrases .
It 's available as a regular Windows installer and in PortableApps.com Format , the portable standard that lets you run software from your portable device .
Download Billy Mays Caps Lock for Windows 1.0
Download Billy Mays Caps Lock Portable 1.0 Rev 2 ( PortableApps.com Format for USB devices )
But Wait , There 's More ! ( aka Using Billy Mays Caps Lock )
To start Billy Mays Caps Lock , just click on the Billy Mays Caps Lock icon in your Windows Start Menu ( or , with the portable version , in your PortableApps.com Menu ) .
In your system tray , you 'll see a small Billy Mays icon to indicate that it 's running .
While it 's running , whenever you hit your Caps Lock key , you 'll hear Billy Mays say :
" Hi , Billy Mays here "
" It 'll make your whites , whiter "
" Order right now and we 'll double the value "
" Here 's how to order "
When you 're done , just right - click on the Billy Mays icon in your system tray and select Exit .
And if , for some reason , you want to turns Caps Lock on or off , just hit Shift - Caps Lock to do it .
Why I Made This
I 'm a fan of Billy Mays and really enjoyed getting to see behind the scenes in he and Sully 's hit TV show Pitchmen on Discovery .
He just seems like a good guy who really enjoys life and lives it to its fullest .
His passing at the young age of 50 was a bit of a shock .
This Billy Mays Caps
Lock app lets you hear a little bit of Billy anytime you want and is sure to make you smile .
Who Made That Great Image of Billy Mays ?
That wonderful color artwork of Billy Mays was created by Glitschka Studios and is used with permission .
Correction Appended
For centuries , the tusk of the narwhal has fascinated and baffled .
Narwhal tusks , up to nine feet long , were sold as unicorn horns in ages past , often for many times their weight in gold since they were said to possess magic powers .
In the 16th century , Queen Elizabeth received a tusk valued at £ 10,000 -- the cost of a castle .
Austrian lore holds that Kaiser Karl the Fifth paid off a large national debt with two tusks .
In Vienna , the Hapsburgs had one made into a scepter heavy with diamonds , rubies , sapphires and emeralds .
Scientists have long tried to explain why a stocky whale that lives in arctic waters , feeding on cod and other creatures that flourish amid the pack ice , should wield such a long tusk .
The theories about how the narwhal uses the tusk have included breaking ice , spearing fish , piercing ships , transmitting sound , shedding excess body heat , poking the seabed for food , wooing females , defending baby narwhals and establishing dominance in social hierarchies .
But a team of scientists from Harvard and the National Institute of Standards and Technology has now made a startling discovery : the tusk , it turns out , forms a sensory organ of exceptional size and sensitivity , making the living appendage one of the planet 's most remarkable , and one that in some ways outdoes its own mythology .
The find came when the team turned an electron microscope on the tusk 's material and found new subtleties of dental anatomy .
The close - ups showed that 10 million nerve endings tunnel from the tusk 's core toward its outer surface , communicating with the outside world .
The scientists say the nerves can detect subtle changes of temperature , pressure , particle gradients and probably much else , giving the animal unique insights .
Advertisements
Today on Meet the Press Sen. John McCain officially abandoned his call for regime change in Iran .
Instead McCain pointed out there is now an internal movement in Iran .
He said , “ I believe that in Iran , something is afoot that ca n’t be stopped . ”
This is a big shift from last month when McCain was on Fox News calling for US action towards Iran .
Here is the video :
Advertisements
McCain , “ Look , this is one of the toughest challenges we face .
Again , we all want to work with the president .
Meaningful sanctions need to be imposed .
But also , we need to tell the people of Iran who are struggling for a free democracy and an open society and elections that are fair that we ’re with them morally .
I ’m not talking about sending arms , I ’m not talk –I think the seminal event was the death of Neda on the street that was broadcast all around the world . ”
He continued , “ That will fundamentally change the future of Iran , because she was the symbol of an oppressive and repressive regime .
And I think the winds of change will even blow through Iran .
Now , whether it does quickly or not is hard to say .
We did n’t predict the collapse of the Berlin Wall , but it happened ; and I believe that in Iran , something is afoot that ca n’t be stopped . ”
About a month ago , McCain said on Fox News , “ The fact is the reaction of the Iranian people shows their discontent with this regime , but to think they ’re gonna shake loose from it anytime soon would be a bit optimistic , but it is really a sham that they pulled off , and I hope that we would act .
By the way , Sen. Lieberman has a proposal that we put sanctions on people who sell gasoline to Iran .
Maybe we ought to think about passing this legislation . ”
McCain did draw quite a bit of criticism from the left and the right for his original remarks , and judging from his comments today is seems that he has come around to the Obama position on the Iranian protests .
I think that Obama ’s position has worked to keep the internal pressure on the Iranian regime .
Could it be that McCain has finally seen the error of his neo -con ways ?
Lasting change is going to have to come from within in Iran .
It would still be the height of foolishness for the Obama administration to meddle there .
I do agree with McCain that the genie is out of the bottle , as far as the Iranian protests are concern .
I think that something has started there that the regime will not be able to stop .
The seeds have been planted by the protesters .
Now we have to see if it will take root and grow .
Remember how the Mormon Church went screaming to the mountain tops after marriage equality supporters published the names of every person who donated toward passing Prop 8 ?
Now a preemptive strike in Washington State :
If you sign a petition to repeal domestic partnership protections , your name will be made available to anyone with an Internet connection .
WhoSigned.org promises to publish the names of anyone supporting putting Referendum 71 — which would repeal the “ everything but marriage ” expansion of rights afforded to gay couples — to voters on this November ’s ballot .
Says the self - described grassroots organization : “ WhoSigned.org will make the petitioners names accessible online once the petition has been verified by the Washington Secretary of State and has become part of the public record .
‘ This is about taking responsibility , ’ said WhoSigned.org director Brian Murphy .
‘ Petition signers are choosing to prolong discrimination against fellow citizens who pay taxes , contribute to their community and care for their families .
This ca n’t be allowed to happen in secret and without a frank public discussion .
We hope that potential petition signers realize the serious consequences their actions will have on gay and straight couples and their families . ' ”
More of this , please .
How Many Southern Whites Believe Obama Was Born in America ?
Created : July 31 , 2009 16:56 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The breakdowns of the Daily Kos / Research 2000 poll that asked 2,400 people about where they believe the president was born are revealing .
As Steve Benen and Markos Moulitsas both pointed out , only in the South is there a sizable number of Americans with questions about the president ’s citizenship .
While around 90 percent of people in the Northeast , Midwest and West know that Obama was born in in United States , only 47 percent of people in the South believe this .
Twenty - three percent think he was born somewhere else ; 30 percent do n’t know .
But how many Southern * whites *** ** are n’t sure whether the president has lied about his citizenship ?
The “ South ” defined by the poll includes 30 percent of the country ’s population , in twelve states : Florida , North Carolina , South Carolina , Alabama , Mississippi , Georgia , Virginia , Tennessee , Kentucky , Louisiana , Arkansas , and Texas .
That ’s around 99.2 million people , of whom 61.3 million are non-Hispanic whites , according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
According to the exit polls in those 12 states , 30.6 percent of the voters in this region who cast ballots in 2008 were black , Hispanic or members of another minority group .
According to Del Ali of Research 2000 , if you excluded those people from the poll — if you look only at white voters in the South — the number of people who doubt Obama ’s citizenship is higher than the 47 percent figure that has grabbed headlines today .
“ There was no deviation in the number of black , Hispanic , and other voters from one region of the country to another , ” Ali told TWI .
In the South , like everywhere else , the vast majority of non-white voters said that Obama was born in the United States ; 97 percent of black voters , 87 percent of Hispanic voters , and 88 percent of other minorities .
The extremely low overall percentage ?
That ’s due to white Southerners , who dragged down the average with an extremely high level of doubt about Obama .
So what proportion of Southern whites doubt that Obama is an American citizen ?
While Ali did not release the racial breakdowns for the the South , and cautioned that the margin of error in the smaller sample of 720 people would be larger than the national margin of error ( 2 percent ) , the proportion of white Southern voters with doubts about their president ’s citizenship may be higher than 70 percent .
More than 30 percent of the people polled in the South were non-white , and very few of them told pollsters that they had questions about Obama ’s citizenship .
In order for white voters to drive the South ’s “ do n’t know ” number to 30 percent and it ’s “ born outside the United States ” number to 23 percent , as many as three - quarters of Southern whites told pollsters that they did n’t know where Obama was born .
One thing to keep in mind , if only a quarter or a fifth of white Southerners believe Obama was born in the United States , that ’s more than voted for him last year in some states .
Obama won 14 percent of the white vote in Louisiana , 14 percent in Mississippi , and 10 percent in Alabama .
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Update : Child Pornography
Hits the iPhone [ NSFW ]
A photo purportedly showing a naked 15 - year - old has made its way onto the iPhone App Store through an app called Beauty Meter this week , despite Apple ’s strong stance against objectionable content in the store .
Last week the application “ Hottest Apps ” was quickly pulled from the App Store due to “ objectionable content , ” namely , female nudity .
It was adult female nudity , though , unlike today ’s whopping PR nightmare for the iPhone .
Beauty Meter allows users to upload photos of themselves and subsequently rate one another on body , face , and clothing appeal .
If you ’ve been to Hot or Not , you get the idea .
Today , an iPhone app review site called KRAPPS found a picture of what appears to be a 15 - year - old girl topless and partially nude below the waist in Beauty Meter .
Nearly 5,000 users have voted on the picture .
As of this posting , the application is still available in the app store , though the picture may have been removed .
I would expect the app to at least get pulled for review before day ’s end .
According to the developer ’s website , funnymals.com , they do not review submissions on a photo by photo basis .
Rather , they go in and clean up “ from time to time . ”
This certainly gives plenty of room for photos like the illegal nude in question to slip through .
Users have even commented in the app store that , “ There shouldnt be 14 year olds nude on there [ sic ] . ”
The developer does supposedly capture your iPhone ’s unique device ID when you upload a photo , making it possible to track down anyone who has posted illegal content .
Neither Apple nor Funnymal will likely have legal liability in this case , though it does raise questions as to how Apple will handle user - generated content in future applications .
Update : BeautyMeter has officially been pulled .
Image from Wired
The sci - fi age has already begun – judging by the number of super gadgets that manifest boundless informative capacities , are small and handy and look eminently innocuous !
The new Bluetooth headset is designed along these lines and flaunts an undoubtedly sci-fi name the Orb .
To begin with what you see is a sophisticated modern - style silver ring that proffers features like showing caller ID , calendar data and voice - to - text info .
The Deluxe model will be fitted with an easy - to - read FOLED display , which stands for flexible organic light emitting diode .
When you need to use it in its proper capacity , you take it off and activate it by breaking the ring into an S - shaped snaky object that can be comfortably fitted on your ear .
We owe this flash of sheer sci-fi genius to the cooperation between Hybra Advance Technology Inc. and AbsolutelyNew Inc. , that are preparing the Orb for release next year in two editions – sans display ( base version ) to be retailed at $ 129 , out in January , and with the FOLED display ( Deluxe ) , out in April , retail price $ 175 .
Source of the images : popgadget.net .
Akhmatova , Anna The Sentence
Ashbery , John The Improvement
Auden , W.H. Musée des Beaux Arts
Bishop , Elizabeth
At the Fishhouses
Bishop , Elizabeth One Art
Blok , Aleksandr The Night , the Street , the Streetlamp ...
Boland , Eavan The Emigrant Irish
Bolina , Jaswinder Make Believe
Brooks , Gwendolyn We Real Cool
Burgos , Julia de Ay , Ay , Ay , de la Grifa Negra
Crane , Hart At Melville 's Tomb
Cullen , Countee Yet Do I Marvel
Dickinson , Emily # 288 ( I'm Nobody !
Who are You ? " )
Drayton , Michael Since There 's No Help
Dunbar , Paul Laurence The Party
Emerson , Ralph Waldo Concord Hymn
Frost , Robert For Once ,
Then , Something
Frost , Robert " OUT OUT --"
Frost , Robert Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening
Glück , Louise Lamentations
Wolfgang von Goethe , Johann ( tr. Robert Bly ) From the Holy Longing
Harjo , Joy Fishing
Heaney , Seamus Death of a Naturalist
Manley Hopkins , Gerard God's Grandeur
Housman , A.E. Diffugere Nives
Hughes , Langston Merry Go Round
Hughes , Langston Minstrel Man
Jones , Evan The Song of the Banana Man
Komunyakaa , Yusef Facing It
Kunitz , Stanley Hornworm : Autumn Lamentation
Levertov , Denise Settling
Longfellow , Henry Wadsworth A Psalm of Life
Machado , Antonio Caminante , No Hay Camino /
Traveler ,
There is no Road
Marvell , Andrew To His Coy Mistress
Milton , John From Lycidas
Mistral , Gabriela Piececitos
Nemerov , Howard The Makers
O'Hara , Frank POEM
Neruda , Pablo Soneto XVII / Sonnet XVII
Sexton , Anne Said the Poet to the Analyst
Parker , Pat Let Me Come to You Naked
Plath , Sylvia Nick and the Candlestick
Plath , Sylvia Polly 's Tree
Li Po On a Quiet Night
Ritsos , Yannis Our Land
Roethke , Theodore My Papa's Waltz
Roethke , Theodore The Sloth
Roethke , Theodore The Waking
Shakespeare , William Sonnet 29
Stevens , Wallace The Idea of Order at Key West
Stevens , Wallace The Snow Man
Stevenson , Robert Louis Block City
Szymborska , Wisława Notes from a Nonexistent Himalayan Expedition
Tagore , Rabindranath From Gitanjali
Tate , James The Lost Pilot
Thayer , Lawrence Ernest Casey at the Bat
Walker , Margaret For My People
Whitman , Walt from Song of Myself
Whitman , Walt from Song of the Open Road
Whitman , Walt O Captain !
My Captain !
Yeats , William Butler Politics
Yeats , William Butler When You Are Old
Yoshitada , Sone No ( tr. Kenneth Rexroth ) Untitled Tanka [ " The Lower Leaves of the Trees " ]
It is an illusion that most women are far removed from being able to commit these sort of savage acts .
For the majority of men and women , it is guilt and remorse that gets in the way of killing .
The difficulty is to understand how and why people , especially women , commit these sorts of crimes when the usual societal rules are still in place .
The important thing to realise is that there is such a genetic variety among people that there will always be psychotics and sociopaths .
Women are just as likely to be miswired in this way as men but they have the extra restraining factor of cultural female norms and genetics , which make them more aware of the consquences of their actions , both for themselves and their victims .
Men 's wiring is simpler : it 's relatively easy to train a man to be a mindless killer , as we have seen repeatedly and frequently over the centuries .
The issue of why women abuse children and other women is such an emotional one that what people often fail to recognise is that there are more differences within the sexes than there are between them .
Women can be just as aggressive and cruel as men , given the specific set of circumstances that brings forth that behaviour .
What tends to be true is that even if a woman has the capacity for atrocities inside her , the catalyst to bring those behaviours to the surface often seems to be the presence of a man who lacks the imagination to empathise with his victims or restrain his desire for power and sexual or violent gratification .
Women who abuse are less unusual than we might like to think .
Men tend to be the more common abusers , especially of children , but when a woman does do it , they often do it horribly .
Often it seems to be about anger rather than sexual or power gratification .
The anger could be due to her resentment that her charismatic man , as she sees him , wants someone else .
This puts her in a dilemma : either she helps him procure the victim , or she risks losing her lover .
Once the victim has been obtained , it could be that she copes by blaming them for tempting her man and takes out her revenge by colluding in their physical and mental torture .
Becoming active in the torture also protects against the risk of a power shift , where the man ends up more interested in the victim than in his wife or partner .
The other theory is that it 's pretty thrilling and exciting for someone with catastrophically low self - esteem or low intelligence to be chosen by a man who recognises no superior authority but exhibits pure Nietzschean free will .
There can be a horrible Faustian pact based on what therapists call " splitting and projecting " : the fact that she worships this special man and subsumes herself to him , gives her – perversely and additionally – status and position .
But this reflected glory only exists in relation to him .
If she leaves him – or he leaves her because she ceases to please him – she loses that status and ends up even lower than before .
To be trapped in the centre of a great secret with a man perceived to be so charismatic can also be hugely exciting .
There is something thrilling , compelling and obsessive about the idea .
Added to that is the fact that it 's just the two of you against the world .
You have both burned your bridges and are outlaws together .
The truth , however , is that you can't have a theory that covers all the reasons why women can commit these sorts of atrocities .
There is no satisfactory explanation that can be neatly packaged .
Some women have a very poor mental grasp and are swayed by primitive and horrible beliefs .
Some people are , in the old - fashioned lingo , evil .
Phillip Hodson , fellow British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy
DefendGlenn was created to instigate complaints directed at the companies who pulled their ads from Beck , and to thank his remaining advertisers .
Instead , the site has become a repository of lies and disinformation , as well as a sycophantic center of blind adulation for Beck .
It is impossible to gauge whether the site has any measurable influence , except to note that none of the companies boycotting Beck have reversed their positions , nor cited DefendBeck as motivation for their actions .
However , the press has taken notice and is beginning to treat the site as the legitimate counterbalance to Color of Change .
Consequently , whenever there is a mention of Color of Change , the media , in its misguided pursuit of balance , will mention DefendGlenn as well .
This is another example of media laziness .
Balance is not achieved by juxtaposing truth with lies .
Color of Change documents its impact with letters from the companies they have solicited , and their leaders and staff are identified on their web site .
But DefendGlenn provides no such documentation , and their leadership is a mystery to anyone who visits their site .
So who is DefendGlenn ?
The only identifying information on the site is a disclaimer at the bottom of its donations page :
DISCLAIMER : DEFENDGLENN.com is a FAN SITE , and is not affiliated with Glenn Beck , the Glenn Beck Program , Fox New Channel , NewsCorp Inc. , or Premiere Radio Networks .
DEFENDGLENN.com is a project of United States Justice Foundation .
The United States Justice Foundation ( USJF ) a non-profit organization , whose tax - exempt status under IRS section 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) has been recognized by the Internal Revenue Service .
Your contributions are tax deductible .
Corporate contributions may be accepted .
The United States Justice Foundation describes itself as " a nonprofit public interest , legal action organization dedicated to instruct , inform and educate the public on , and to litigate , significant legal issues confronting America . "
The issues they regard as significant span the conservative spectrum from reverse discrimination to taxation to term limits .
They litigated on behalf of lobbyists who opposed the Clinton Health Care Task Force in 1994 .
The executive director of the USJF is Gary Kreep .
His biography reveals that he is the general counsel to the racist , anti-immigration group , The Minutemen .
He has been affiliated with the radical and violent anti-choice group , Operation Rescue .
He was a California delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1976 and 1980 .
Most recently Kreep has been a leader of the " birther " movement that seeks to nullify last November 's election of the grounds that Obama is not a U.S. citizen .
He has been one of the most vocal proponents of the birther myths going back to at least November 2008 , when he tried to prevent California delegates to the Electoral College from casting their votes .
He originally worked with birther queen , Orly Taitz , representing several clients , including Alan Keyes .
He has since replaced Taitz as counsel to birther litigant " Rev. " Wiley Drake .
Drake is notable for publicly praying for the death of Obama .
When a man like Drake selects you to represent him , over Orly Taitz , that is quite an endorsement .
Obviously Kreep is a far - right extremist and an enabler of some of the most dangerous and radical people and organizations in the country .
Bu none of this portion of his resume is disclosed by the press when they help to promote his activities .
That oversight needs to be corrected immediately .
The urgency for this rests on more than just the potential for mischief from the DefendGlenn project .
As noted above , any funds collected from the donation page on DefendGlenn is actually going directly to the USJF .
So on the pretense of supporting Glenn Beck , money is being diverted to causes like the Minutemen , Operation Rescue , and efforts to advance the birther myths and to defeat health care reform .
Infact , it might actually be Kreep 's sole intention to exploit the popularity of Beck , and the loyalty of his disciples , to further his other political objectives .
Beck certainly has a broader fan base than the birthers or the USJF , and consequently , greater revenue potential .
It is important , therefore to apprise the media of the truth with regard to DefendGlenn , the USJF , and Gary Kreep .
Whenever we see a press citation of DefendGlenn as the opposite side of the Beck boycott debate , we must take the initiative to inform them of the facts .
We cannot allow this front group for wacko rightists to successfully deceive the media and public .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By James Copnall
BBC News , Rabat
Heavy metal is known as rebel music - and that is particularly true in Morocco .
" Metalheads " have been accused of being devil - worshippers , and even locked up because of their passion .
But Youssef Benseddik , a student who heads the heavy metal group Atmosphere does not seem particularly rebellious .
" Our Moroccan culture is based on Islam , on music that is not noisy , on lyrics that talk about the prophets and Allah , " he says .
As Muslims , as Moroccans , as an Arabic society , we have certain limits
Youssef 's father Hassan Benseddik " If Moroccans listen to metal music , and the screaming of the singer - ' Aaargh ' - they think it is not good . "
Youssef and his band stress they are good Muslims - they do not take drugs or drink alcohol , and break off rehearsals to pray .
Their songs evoke what they see as terrible injustices all around them - poverty and corruption in Morocco and Africa , and the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians .
Youssef 's parents are supportive - up to a point .
His mother , Rahma Benseddik , says she does not really understand the music , but she does have one of his songs stored on her mobile phone .
As any proud mother would , she likes to play it to her friends .
Jailed for Satanism But Youssef 's father has concerns about his son's music .
As a way of life , many Moroccans still find heavy metal challenging " Of course it 's a way to express their personality , but we have to know what they want to do , " says Hassan Benseddik , a friendly man with salt and pepper hair and a glint in his eye .
" If it 's just to express a freedom , OK .
" But as Muslims , as Moroccans , as an Arabic society , we have certain limits . "
Those limits were apparently breached in 2003 when 14 heavy metal fans were accused of Satanism , and imprisoned .
Human rights groups and performers took to the streets , saying the rockers were guilty only of wearing black clothes and singing provocative songs .
Shortly afterwards the 14 were released .
Fears of libertarianism
The incident underlined a common theme in Morocco - different parts of society have widely different ideas about what is culturally acceptable .
Even today some people believe untraditional music and the youth culture it encourages is warping Moroccan values in a dangerous way .
The last 10 years it has been getting more tolerant
Musician Michy Mano Morocco's moderate Islamist party , the PJD , has criticised music festivals , saying they encourage young people to take drugs and engage in immoral behaviour like sex before marriage .
PJD member Mustapha el - Khalfi says there is also a risk that heavy metal could introduce Satanic behaviour to Morocco .
" Not only Satanism as a ' religion ' , " he argues .
" But also as a way to give some arguments for young people to be libertarian , to do what they want to do , even if these activities or practices or behaviour are immoral . "
Despite the criticism , music festivals are very popular among young people .
Michy Mano , a well - known figure on the Casablanca music scene , says young musicians of all kinds are winning new freedoms for everyone .
" The system has changed a bit , people can speak out a bit louder than they did before , " he says .
" There were always people who did that , but there was repression if people spoke about political things .
" But the last 10 years it has been getting more tolerant . "
' Positive energy '
All the same , Youssef says he has had to tone down the clothes he wears .
If he puts on all black outfits and pentagram jewellery - as many metalheads throughout the world do - he faces hostility .
But he has no intention of giving up the music he loves .
" We find heavy metal has a positive energy , " he explains .
" Even if it is loud and noise we find it very relaxing . "
Morocco is an increasingly open society .
But Youssef and other young people are still trying to work out how to be themselves , while staying true to Moroccan values .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Our Promise To You
As much as we are proud of our reputation and the results we have achieved for previous clients , no lawyer or law firm can guarantee you a successful result in advance .
What we can promise you is that whatever your legal issues or needs , our firm will provide the personal attention you deserve and will spare no amount of effort or resources to achieve the results you seek .
Our team of attorneys and staff are down - to - earth yet professional in every sense of the word .
In other words , we will always be accessible and available to you whenever you need us , and , we will always be prepared to fight aggressively on your behalf .
Judge T.S. Ellis reduced the sentence for the former defense official , Larry Franklin ( pictured here ) , to probation plus 10 months in ' community confinement . '
Leniency for AIPAC leaker
A federal judge has virtually wiped out the prison sentence of more than 12 years he first imposed on a Pentagon analyst who pled guilty to leaking classified information to two pro-Israel lobbyists .
At a hearing Thursday evening in Alexandria , Va. , Judge T.S. Ellis reduced the sentence for the former defense official , Larry Franklin , to probation plus 10 months in " community confinement , " likely a halfway house .
Advertisement
Prosecutors had asked the judge to drop the sentence to 8 years in light of Franklin 's cooperation , while a defense lawyer for Franklin , Plato Cacheris , asked for " no sentence at all . "
In explaining his decision to dramatically reduce Franklin 's sentence , Ellis cited the lack of punishment and light punishments imposed on other leakers , as well as Franklin 's cooperation in the prosecution of the two lobbyists later fired from the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman .
Last month , days before the case against the pair was set to go to trial , the government dropped the prosecution .
The Justice Department said legal rulings in the case and the threat of new disclosures of classified information made a trial unadvisable .
" It 's a very difficult and unusual situation , " Ellis said .
" This one is unique . "
The judge said he did not quibble with the government 's decision to drop the Rosen and Weissman prosecutions , but that the move was " significant " and had " some relevance " to what punishment Franklin should receive .
He said it was " very disputable " whether some of the information at the heart of the case was actually the kind of " national defense information " it is illegal to relay outside the government .
Ellis railed Thursday against people who leak classified information , including those who leaked national intelligence estimates about Iran and revealed the existence of the warrantless wiretapping program maintained by the National Security Agency .
However , he also said he had no problem with people who disclosed such information as an act of civil disobedience and accepted what followed .
" Disclosing it was okay , if a person is willing to stand up and say , ' I did it .
Give me the consequences , ' " the judge said .
Ellis said he wanted Franklin 's punishment to serve as a " beacon " to other officials that they would face serious consequences if they committed similar breaches .
" Secrets are important to a nation .
If we could n't keep our secrets , we would be at great risk , " the judge said .
Franklin pled guilty in 2005 to three felony counts involving illegal distribution and possession of classified information .
He had been free pending the trial for the two ex-AIPAC officials .
His attorney , Plato Cacheris , said the former policy analyst had trouble finding good work .
" He 's been digging ditches .
He 's been cleaning cesspools , " the attorney said .
The information that Franklin gave to the two AIPAC lobbyists has never been officially detailed , but it related to the threat Iran posed to U.S. forces in the region .
He also acknowledged numerous meetings with an Israeli diplomat , Naor Gilon .
In a plea for leniency Thursday , Franklin said he was motivated solely by " love of our republic and by the safety of our military personnel that were about to go into Iraq . "
He insisted he was n't trying to leak anything , but simply to use a back channel to alert " a particular NSC source " to the dangers in Iraq .
The ex-Pentagon analyst did n't know at the time that Rosen and Weissman worked for the pro-Israel lobbying group .
Franklin said he wanted to spend time instructing young people " about the threat that civilization faces from those who would replace us , " who he indicated were the forces of " radical Islam . "
" One object of our adversaries is to force us to change internally .
What I did was playing into that objective , " Franklin said .
Franklin said he was " grateful to be in a country where the rule of law and a respect for human rights is vibrant . "
Ellis quickly interrupted .
" You believe rule of law is important ? ... I 've lived in countries where there is n't rule of law .
I was born in one , " the Colombian - born jurist said .
" And what really [ matters ] is whether government officials obey the law . "
Franklin said he did believe in the rule of law and he acknowledged " serious errors in judgment . "
That triggered another salvo from the judge .
" An error is putting on the wrong color tie , " Ellis said .
" We 're talking about crimes . "
Earlier , Cacheris argued that the government 's request of eight years imprisonment for Franklin " smacks of vengeance " stemming from the decision to abandon the prosecution against Rosen and Weissman .
" It 's just not justified , " the defense attorney said .
He insisted the decision to drop the case against the two ex-lobbyists " was not because of anything Mr. Franklin did . "
Cacheris 's description of Franklin 's cooperation also produced some intriguing news .
" He 's given them other cases involving people who cannot come into this country , " the defense lawyer said cryptically .
Cacheris also suggested that Franklin was the target of witness tampering in the Aipac case .
" Someone came to approach Franklin to have him , in effect , disappear , " the defense attorney said .
He said Franklin immediately reported the incident to authorities .
Cacheris did not elaborate on the episode , but it could help explain why the FBI sought to interview Jewish leaders several years ago about attempts to provide financial assistance or employment to Rosen and Weissman .
Prosecutor Neil Hammerstrom suggested Franklin deserved more severe punishment than Rosen and Weissman , had they been convicted .
" In many ways , he was a more significant violator than Rosen and Weissman ever were alleged to be , " the prosecutor said .
" If you do n't have people like Mr. Franklin in government doing that , you do n't have people [ outside ] passing classified information . "
Hammerstrom also noted that Franklin took top - secret information to his home even after being disciplined for such activity .
" You have before you an individual that just can't seem to follow the law when it comes to classified information , " the prosecutor said .
He said Franklin deserved credit for cooperating , but that his assistance had not been " ideal . "
In response to a question from Ellis Thursday , Franklin confirmed speculation that his rendezvous with Rosen and Weissman was arranged by Michael Makovsky , a former energy analyst for the Pentagon .
Makovsky , who has left the government , was not charged in the case and was expected to be a witness at the trial of Rosen and Weissman
Before the main hearing Thursday , lawyers spent nearly half an hour arguing behind closed doors about whether the re-sentencing should be open to the public .
The judge eventually allowed the press and public into the courtroom , though he said portions of court filings about Franklin 's sentence will remain under seal .
As the hearing concluded in the case , which has been the subjected of hard - fought legal battles for nearly four years , the judge struggled to maintained his composure .
He praised prosecutors and defense lawyers .
" You all did a very good job , " said Ellis , who is now semi-retired .
She had wanted to announce the start of an official review of the way the police and criminal justice system handle rape cases but a dispute between her and the Home Office and Ministry of Justice yesterday forced her to abandon the announcement and cancel a planned visit to Manchester .
Ithaca , N.Y. --
As the earth 's population surpasses the 6 billion mark , some researchers are predicting how the planet 's burgeoning population will affect the environment and quality of life for humans in another 100 years .
David Pimentel , a Cornell University professor of ecology and agricultural sciences , sees several possible scenarios for the 22nd century : A planet with 2 billion people thriving in harmony with the environment ; or , at the other extreme , 12 billion miserable humans suffering a difficult life with limited resources and widespread famine .
Pimentel says the next century is crucial because the human population could pass sustainable limits .
' We must avoid letting human numbers continue to increase and surpass the limit of the earth 's natural resources and forcing natural forces to control our number by disease , malnutrition and violent conflicts over resources , ' Pimentel writes in his report , ' Will Limits of the Earth 's Resources Control Human Numbers ? ' which appeared in the first issue of the journal Environment , Development and Sustainability .
Pimental says the only way to manage the earth 's population is to reduce the number of children per couple .
He estimates that if people average 1.5 children per couple , the optimal earth population of 2 billion could be achieved in 100 years .
Even slightly more children per couple will make the earth 's number 's swell in short order : ' If we adopted a policy of 2.1 children starting tomorrow , the world population will continue to increase and 60 years from now we will have close to 12 billion people , ' he said .
Pimentel says that in order for every person on earth to have adequate resources of food , shelter and clothing , the ideal population on the earth should be about 2 billion -- approximately the number of people living on the planet in the 1950s .
These fortunate 2 billion will be free from poverty and starvation , living in an environment capable of sustaining human life with dignity , the report suggests .
- Advertisement -
But even at a reduced world population -- achieved , ideally , by democratically determined population control practices and sound resource - management policies -- life for the average person cannot be as luxurious as it is for many Americans today , with a standard of living about half of that in the United States in the 1990s , or the standard experienced by the average European today .
In addition to reducing the earth 's population , cropland needs to be preserved , and water and energy must be conserved , Pimentel says .
' None of these solutions , unfortunately , will be painless , ' Pimentel points out .
While Pimentel holds some optimism that if people recognize the problem there will be a movement toward a solution : ' But the question is , when will we recognize that this is a problem ?
History dictates that we humans never get at a problem until there is a crisis . '
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In July , to great fanfare , the Obama administration finally killed the F - 22 fighter jet — an underperforming , overpriced Cold War relic that has never flown a combat mission over Iraq or Afghanistan .
But all the breathless talk of Defense Secretary Robert Gates ’ “ sweeping reforms ” obscures an unpleasant truth .
While the rare defeat of congressional porkmongers offers a ray of hope , real reform will require a far more ambitious , persistent effort .
And standing in the way is the Pentagon ’s No. 2 civilian official — handpicked by Gates and coming directly from a lobbying job for the giant defense contractor Raytheon .
William J. Lynn III is , after Gates , the most powerful person in the Defense Department , responsible for managing the entire building , including weapons acquisitions .
His opposition to reform is well documented .
During the Clinton administration , he rose to be the Pentagon ’s comptroller , in charge of a system that was completely unable to account for the hundreds of billions it spent every year .
Faced with this mess , Lynn ’s major contribution during his tenure was to block fiscal accountability rather than promote it .
In public testimony to a federal accounting board , Lynn requested that the Pentagon be exempted from a crucial part of the Chief Financial Officers ’
Act of 1990 , a reform requiring all federal departments to comply with accepted financial integrity standards .
The board granted his wish .
Next , he advocated for a notorious bill - paying system referred to by critics as “ pay and chase ” under which the Pentagon hands a contractor a quick payout for bills and later tries to figure out what the money was for .
Today ’s financial chaos and lack of accountability at the DOD stem in part from Lynn ’s handiwork .
After Lynn left the Pentagon , he accepted a plush position in 2003 as chief lobbyist for Raytheon , the DOD ’s fifth - largest defense contractor .
Lynn spent the next five years pushing Raytheon moneymakers such as computers for the F - 22 and the electronics for the Navy ’s preposterously overpriced Zumwalt destroyer .
When Barack Obama took office , he introduced sorely needed new ethics rules to close the revolving door between government agencies and the private sector , particularly lobbyists .
But within the month , he had waived those rules — specifically to permit Lynn to become deputy secretary of defense .
Now that the lobbyist emeritus is back at the Pentagon , it ’s clear that he has n’t lost his aversion to reform .
In May , Obama proudly signed the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 — Congress ’ answer to the Pentagon ’s chronic procurement problems .
It would surely be something to be proud of if Congress and the executive branch had finally discovered their political spines , after decades of sabotaging reform attempts .
But that ’s not quite what happened .
The bill was written by the bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate Armed Services Committees , and not one lawmaker voted against it — in itself a suspicious sign that the legislation would n’t upset the cozy relationship between Congress and the defense industry .
As originally written by senators Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) and John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , the measure was already disturbingly cosmetic .
But according to numerous conversations with insiders in Congress , as well as a letter ( PDF ) Lynn sent to Levin outlining objections to the bill , Lynn , as the DOD ’s point person for negotiations with Congress , worked assiduously to further widen the legislation ’s many loopholes .
For instance , the legislation creates a new , independent Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation to replace the Pentagon ’s existing in - house cost shop .
In theory , this cost czar ’s estimates were supposed to end the DOD ’s use of phony , understated price tags to gain approval for weapon programs in their early stages — the ubiquitous “ camel ’s nose under the tent ” stratagem .
In truth , the Senate draft of the bill did not force the Pentagon to actually use the cost czar ’s estimates .
But even this was too much for Lynn , who sought to eliminate the new position altogether .
Ultimately he failed .
But he did push successfully to kill a House provision mandating the use of the cost czar ’s estimates in the annual Pentagon budget .
The result : DOD ’s civilian and military decision makers remain completely free to ignore the new czar , just as they have been ignoring previous independent cost estimates for decades .
The bill also appears to require the Pentagon to buy competing prototypes of each new weapon .
This practice has consistently resulted in better weapons at a lower price on the few occasions that it has been tried .
Once again , however , Levin and McCain ’s tepid wording provided the Pentagon ’s weapons ’ managers with a get - out - of - jail free pass , permitting them to waive the burdensome competition requirement simply by invoking “ critical ” — but undefined — ” national security objectives . ”
Dissatisfied with this gaping loophole , Lynn successfully sought another that left program managers free to put just a subsystem up for competition instead of the entire weapon .
And just in case even that was too onerous , he wrangled more wriggle room :
If managers declare that contracting for competitive subsystems might increase costs , they can ignore the competition requirement altogether .
And there ’s more .
As originally written in the Senate , the bill actually ended the practice , now rife , of permitting contractors to conduct the Pentagon ’s official reviews of their own programs .
You can guess what happened next : Lynn objected .
At his request , the Senate Armed Services Committee changed the text to allow a defense contractor ’s subsidiary to do the DOD review of the parent company ’s programs .
The final wording discarded this embarrassingly obvious charade .
As signed , the act instructs the Pentagon to write any contractor self - review regulation it pleases , subject only to the vaguest legislative guidance .
In essence , through waivers and loopholes , the legislation was reduced to a pathetic request for the Defense Department to fix itself .
This sorry history holds two lessons :
First , the Pentagon ’s leadership is as hostile as ever to meaningful reform ; second , instead of independently overseeing the nation ’s defenses as required by the Constitution , Congress remains the willing anti-reform ally of the Pentagon .
There are other troubling signs of business as usual in Obama ’s DOD .
When Gates very correctly canceled Lockheed ’s F - 22 , he simultaneously endorsed going ahead full speed with the F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter , built by the same company .
The F - 35 is already overweight , sluggish , behind schedule , and growing in much the same manner as the F - 22 .
But the plan approved by Gates and Lynn commits to more than 500 of them before the first definitive flight test report lands on the secretary ’s desk .
The F - 35 program exemplifies why the Pentagon cannot be trusted to reform itself .
By endorsing a program so obviously laden with the same old problems , Gates is ensuring a rerun of the F - 22 fiasco .
Each of the other services is nurturing similar time bombs .
The Navy has the obscenely expensive Littoral Combat Ship .
The Army is busy defending the Future Combat Systems program , a baroque “ system of systems ” edifice intended to gather so many expensive technologies under one budget roof that it would become “ too big to fail . ”
The Marine Corps is falling on its sword to protect the overambitious , technically hopeless Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle .
As each of these programs approaches its inevitable implosion over the next several years , reform - minded Pentagon and congressional staffers will be pressing for restructuring or cancellation .
The traditional coalition of military and industry big -spending advocates , in lockstep with the masters of pork on the Hill , will close ranks to preserve business as usual .
William Lynn wo n’t be far away .
Pierre M. Sprey , together with USAF fighter pilots John Boyd and Everest Riccioni , brought to fruition the F - 16 ; he also led the design team for the A - 10 and helped implement the program .
He is one of a very small number of Pentagon insiders who started the military reform movement in the late 1960s .
Winslow T. Wheeler is the Director of the Straus Military Reform Project at the Center for Defense Information in Washington .
He worked on national security issues on Capitol Hill for 31 years for US senators from both political parties and for the Government Accountability Office .
Both Wheeler and Sprey are contributors to the new anthology America ’s Defense Meltdown : Pentagon Reform for President Obama and the New Congress .
Felicity Fey [ official website here ]
" When I was a younger girl , my friends used to tease and make fun of me because of my large titties .
They used to bounce up and down every time I moved �
Well , look at who 's laughing now that I 'm all grown up !!! "
" When I was a younger girl , my friends used to tease and make fun of me because of my large titties .
They used to bounce up and down every time I moved �
Well , look at who 's laughing now that I 'm all grown up !!! "
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
Three people died in rioting in China ’s restive far west Xinjiang region on Sunday , state media reported , in a confrontation that underscored the tense divide there between Han Chinese and the Uighur ethnic minority .
The official Xinhua news agency said rioters “ illegally gathered in several downtown places and engaged in beating , smashing , looting and burning ” in the regional capital Urumqi .
The dead were “ three ordinary people of the Han ethnic group , ” Xinhua said .
It did not say how they died .
Nor did the official reports specify the ethnicity of those involved in the unrest or the reasons behind it , and calls to the Xinjiang government spokesperson ’s office and Urumqi police were not answered .
But other sources told Reuters the clash involved members of the Uighur ethnic minority , many of whom resent the Chinese presence in the region , and the cultural and religious controls imposed by China ’s ruling Communist Party .
Dilxat Raxit , an advocate of Uighur independence exiled in Sweden , said the unrest was sparked by anger over a confrontation between Han Chinese and Uighur factory workers in far southern China in late June , when two Uighurs died .
“ It began as a peaceful assembly .
There were thousands of people shouting to stop ethnic discrimination , demanding an explanation .
This anger has been growing for a long time , ” he said of the gathering in Urumqi .
Many Uighurs complain they are marginalized economically and politically in their own land , which has rich mineral and natural gas reserves .
An eyewitness in Urumqi , who requested anonymity , told Reuters the police moved in and the confrontation turned violent .
Rioters overturned traffic rails and smashed buses until thousands of police and anti-riot troops swept through the city , using tear - gas and high - pressure water hoses to disperse crowds .
“ Now the whole city is on lock - down , ” he said .
CRACKDOWN EXPECTED
Alim Seytoff , General Secretary of the Uyghur American Association , based in Washington D.C. , said the peaceful protest was led by students angry over the recent factory deaths , and it showed that government efforts to quell Uighur aspirations were failing .
“ Urumqi is a tightly controlled city , but the students have access to all sorts of information on the Internet , ” he said .
“ Now , I hear , the authorities have been going through university dorms to hunt down participants .
...
There will be a harsh crackdown , but the basic problems wo n’t disappear . ”
The Chinese video website Youku ( www.youku.com) ran footage titled “ Urumqi riot ” that showed smoke rising from an expressway as a firetruck stopped at the scene .
An overseas Chinese news website , Boxun ( peacehall.com ) , showed pictures it said were of the Urumqi riot , including hundreds of civilians pressed against a row of police , burning wreckage on a city street , and anti-riot police in shields and helmets .
Almost half of Xinjiang ’s 20 million people are Uighurs .
Many of them resent controls imposed by Beijing and an inflow of Han Chinese migrants .
The population of Urumqi is mostly Han Chinese , and the city is under tight police security even in normal times .
Xinjiang has been under increasingly tight security in recent years , especially in the run-up to the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games , when the region was hit by several deadly attacks that authorities said were the work of militants .
But human rights groups and Uighur independence activists say Beijing grossly exaggerates the threat from militants to justify harsh controls restricting peaceful political demands .
Many parents of toddlers would probably admit , if guiltily , to enjoying a profound sense of relief when their children finally learn to play on their own .
But those extra minutes in bed can come at a cost .
In the case of the parents of Pipi Quinlan , the price of allowing their three - year - old free rein in the house before breakfast could have been £ 8,000 after she sat down at the computer and purchased a full - size mechanical digger online .
Pipi , from Stanmore Bay , north of Auckland in New Zealand , opened an internet browser and found the TradeMe auction site her mother had logged on to the day before to look for toy excavators .
" The first I knew of it was when I came down and opened up the computer , " Pipi 's mother , Sarah , told the Rodney Times .
" I saw an email from TradeMe saying I had won an auction and another from the seller saying something like ' I think you 'll love this digger ' . "
She added that she had made auction bids on several toy sets and assumed she had bought a toy digger .
" It was n't until I went back and reread the emails that I saw $ 20,000 – and got the shock of my life . "
She immediately called the auction site and the seller to explain what happened .
TradeMe reimbursed the seller 's costs for the auction and the Kobelco digger was relisted .
The computer is now kept out of Pipi 's reach .
Using pretty boys to turn you into a diehard fan .
In this weekend ’s style section of the NYT ’s the lads and lasses at the Times try to entreat us with irreverence for a Latin stud who has a ‘ romantic square jaw ’ and the love and affinity of a certain collective .
That collective it should be noted are the high stakes populace that make up the top one percent in society and wealth .
Nevertheless the Times attempts to turn this ‘ pretty boy , ’ into an object of your desire forgetting to mention that most sports are designed for the masses and since Polo was never designed for the masses ( no matter how much that $ 75 Ralph Lauren T- shirt suggest otherwise ) .
Rambling about his apparent good looks ( the currency of choice we understand these days ) the Times then goes onto salivate and describe how he comes from pedigree , hangs out with pedigree , and of course even married pedigree ( naturally ) .
They then go on to assert that his friends and relations are all celebrities and if it was desired his wife ( a photographer ) too could also easily get in front of the camera .
A sense of pity and disgust is posed as Nachos had to last week contend with ‘ Real Housewifes ’ at the VIP tents and to some degree his thunder was stolen ( looks aside ) .
If we could advise Nacho it would be , keep looking good on the field , keep attending to your celebrity friends ( in the same way we do ) but for heaven ’s sake did n’t you know we in the USA do n’t care about pretty boy , horses and mallets unless the mallet being used is by a desperate housewife for a photo op .
Where pretty boys fail pretty girls will always take off , but thank God Nacho ’s day job is panning out .
Nice to see the NYT ’s fawning over pretty boys too …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The space shuttle Endeavour has safely landed at Florida 's Kennedy Space Center , ending a 16 - day mission to the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The seven - strong crew touched down at 1548 BST ( 1048 EDT ) in near perfect weather conditions .
During the mission , the combined shuttle and ISS crews set a new record of 13 people on the orbiting outpost .
Nasa plans seven more shuttle missions to complete construction of the space station by the end of 2010 .
The agency 's new administrator Charles Bolden was on the tarmac of runway 15 to greet the crew as they performed the traditional post - flight " walkround inspection " of the shuttle .
Endeavour blasted off on 15 July with its crew of seven astronauts after weather concerns scuppered five launch attempts .
The ISS , now about the size of a four - bedroom house , has been under construction for more than a decade .
Space ' porch '
Endeavour 's crew delivered and installed fresh batteries , large spare parts and a " porch " for Japan 's $ 1bn Kibo science laboratory .
This addition to the onboard lab is designed to hold outdoor experiments .
The crew also deployed two pairs of small satellites from canisters in the shuttle 's payload bay .
Five spacewalks were undertaken during the course of the mission .
Crew members also shared some unexpected inconveniences , most notably a flooded toilet aboard the space station .
The station hosted 13 crew members for the duration of the mission During testing on Thursday , one of the shuttle 's thrusters failed to fire but Nasa said it would not be needed during re-entry .
Endeavour has brought home Japanese astronaut Koichi Wakata , who has spent 138 days in space and has been a member of three separate space station crews .
Mr Wakata returned to Earth in experimental underwear that he has been wearing for a month .
The hi-tech garments were designed in Japan to be odour - free .
US astronaut Tim Kopra , who was carried into space aboard Endeavour , has remained on the station .
Nasa plans seven more shuttle missions to complete construction of the ISS before the scheduled retirement of the shuttle fleet in September 2010 .
Discovery will be next to fly to the ISS ; its launch is scheduled for 25 August .
Earlier this week , a senior Russian space official was quoted by a news agency as saying that delays to the schedule of US shuttle launches to the space station were resulting in extra work for Russian rocket crews without financial compensation .
The exposed facility aboard Kibo will have space for 12 scientific experiments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A regular German - - rather stout , with brown hair tumbled all over his head , a bushy beard , good nose , the kindest eyes I ever saw , and a splendid big voice that does one 's ears good , after our sharp or slipshod American gabble .
His clothes were rusty , his hands were large , and he had n't a really handsome feature in his face , except his beautiful teeth , yet I liked him , for he had a fine head , his linen was very nice , and he looked like a gentleman , though two buttons were off his coat and there was a patch on one shoe .
Of course when they got to snoring we had a long gabble , and I told Jim everything .
Thus he spoke very fast , as a man gabbles a prayer to a spirit in whom he has little faith , then turned once more to talk of the cattle of Masilo and of the maid Zinita .
He just does n't say anything , he just looks at you with those steely blue eyes and it must be terrifying , whereas I gabble away - I always want to fill the silence . "
He just does n't say anything , he just looks at you with those steely blue eyes and it must be terrifying , whereas I gabble away " Prue Leith on her fellow Great British Bake Off judge " If I find myself in a difficult or frightening situation , I say quietly to myself : ' Just wait until it passes .
They are Gabble , the true hero , and his white rat brother Ash , a kind of anti-hero .
One took the part of a listening God , and made clearer a prayer that we tend to gabble because we are familiar with it .
The whole show looks like a giant experiment to see how many different items can be squeezed into one hour , and how quickly Dara , inset , can gabble his way through proceedings , cut off the contributors mid-flow and then move swiftly on to the next topic .
The whole show looks like a giant experiment to see how many different items can be squeezed into one hour , and how quickly Dara can gabble his way through proceedings , cut off the contributors mid-flow and then move swiftly on to the next topic .
Warwick Arts Centre , Coventry MARCH 18 - 19 Highly Sprung Performance Company The Mobile Phone Show Jim Cartwright 's rhapsody of rap , text , tweet and gabble .
For the 1 in 7 people in the UK who suffer from hearing loss the experience of Christmas can be a different story altogether .
The excited gabble of voices and laughter , new noisy toys , cheery Christmas tunes , the clinking of plates and glasses ; even people with normal hearing often struggle to hear clearly amongst all this noise .
CNN is reporting that White House / Congressional Democrats are planning on going it alone on health care reform !
According to CNN , the White House and the Democratic Congress have been discussing this privately for awhile and decided that enough is enough .
This is going to be one HELL of a fight .
We are going to NEED every DAMN Democrat / progressive in this fight folks .
Ready your battle stations !
http://www.nytimes.com/...
UPDATE : ( I wonder if Bill Clinton had something to do with this .
Obama had spent time with Bill Clinton in the Situation Room just on North Korea .
Then after that he had Bill Clinton meet him in the Oval Room .
I wonder if Bill Clinton basically told Obama that it is now or NEVER .
You have 60 Democratic Senators and you are going to have to ram this through ) .
At the same time , Senator Robert C. Byrd , Democrat of West Virginia and longtime protector of the prerogatives of the Senate , created a complex set of rules intended to impede those who would dare to use reconciliation to rewrite federal policy rather than produce budget savings .
Image Senator Robert C. Byrd , in 1974 , created rules intended to impede a tactic now being explored .
Credit ... Associated Press
Under the Byrd Rule , provisions where the fiscal consequences are “ merely incidental ” to the true intent of the legislation can be struck from the bill unless 60 senators vote to waive the rule .
Reconciliation measures are traditionally scoured for such provisions , in what is known around the Senate as giving the bill a “ Byrd bath . ”
Because Republicans would most likely be so incensed that Democrats were trying to force through a sweeping health plan by simple majority vote , they would no doubt challenge many elements of the bill and could strip them out .
“ Most of the big public policy stuff , which is really important , would not survive the Byrd Rule , ” said Senator Judd Gregg of New Hampshire , the senior Republican on the Budget Committee and someone who could be counted on to use his expertise to make reconciliation as difficult as possible for Democrats .
But there is a potential way around the Byrd Rule as well .
Democrats are envisioning an unusual two - track approach .
Under this strategy , some of the most contentious elements of the health plan  new taxes and fees as well as savings from Medicare , Medicaid and other federal programs  would be packaged in one bill that could be passed by a simple majority .
A second measure would contain the policy changes and program expansions and would be treated like an ordinary bill , subject to filibuster and amendment .
But the thinking is that this legislative sidecar would contain enough popular programs to attract the 60 votes needed to overcome a filibuster .
Voilà  a health care bill .
Of course , there are still potential pitfalls , including this one :
If some senators are angry that the first bill squeaks through , they might not want to cooperate in providing help to pass the second one , whether they like it or not .
James Grimmelman sez ,
The Associated Press — which thinks you owe it a license fee if you quote more than four words from one of its articles — does n't even care if the words actually came from its article .
They 'll charge you anyway , even if you 're quoting from the public domain .
I picked a random AP article and went to their " reuse options " site .
Then , when they asked what I wanted to quote , I punched in Thomas Jefferson 's famous argument against copyright .
Their license fee : $ 12 for an educational 26 - word quote .
FROM THE PUBLIC FREAKING DOMAIN , and obviously , obviously not from the AP article .
But the AP is too busy trying to squeeze the last few cents out of a dying business model to care about little things like free speech or the law .
They tell me I have to use the sentence " exactly as written " and heaven help me if I do n't include the complete footer with their copyright boilerplate .
Along the way , their terms of use insisted that I 'm not allowed to use Jefferson 's words in connection with " political Content . "
Also , I ca n't use use his words in any manner or context that will be in any way derogatory " to the AP .
As if .
Jefferson 's thoughts on copyright are inherently political , and inherently derogatory towards the the AP 's insane position on copyright .
I require no license to quote Jefferson .
The AP has no right to stop me , no right to demand money from me .
All their application does is count words to calculate a fee .
It does n't even check that the words come from the story being " quoted . "
Minimum Size
5 ' x 5 '
5 ' x 10 '
5 ' x 15 '
10 ' x 10 '
10 ' x 15 '
10 ' x 20 '
10 ' x 30 '
Sort By
Price
Distance
Compare Storage Unit Sizes and Cost
EasyStorageSearch.com provides a simple solution to quickly finding self storage units , boat storage , RV storage , as well as mobile storage solutions .
There ’s no need to search dozens of websites to find self storage that fits your needs .
Just fill out the form above and see a list of all self storage units and facilities near you .
Then you can easily compare prices and features of traditional and climate controlled storage units .
See All Self Storage Units Near You
The most common size of a self storage locker is 10 feet wide x 5 feet deep .
Other popular storage unit sizes include 10 × 10 , 10×20 and 20 ×20 units .
20 ×20 units are about the size of a two car garage .
Typically , these units are entered via a rolled up metal door which has a lock at the bottom .
Larger self storage facilities have sophisticated security equipment including security cameras and keypads which need a code or card to gain access .
Be sure to read our self storage company reviews to help you choose the best self storage company to safeguard your belongings .
Need Boat or RV Storage ?
It used to be that people had to search the yellow pages or classified ads to find available boat storage or RV storage units .
Now you can find locations , costs , and security features of all the boat and RV storage lots quickly and easily .
Portable Moving & Storage Units
Portable storage units ( PODS , 1 - 800 - PackRat , etc. ) are the latest trend in the storage industry .
Instead of you packing , loading , and moving all of your belongings to a self storage facility , portable storage companies deliver a large , sturdy box to your driveway .
You then load the unit at your pace and the storage company picks the container back up and stores it at their facility .
The company then delivers the container back to you at your new address , wherever that is .
This method of storage , and moving if necessary , is very attractive to many people .
Read reviews of the best portable storage container companies .
Moving Truck Rental
Many people rent moving trucks to help them move their belongings across town or across the country .
See our reviews of the best moving truck rental companies to help you avoid dealing with companies that will only add to your moving day headache .
How Much Storage Space Do You Need ?
No matter what type of storage you need – traditional storage unit , portable unit , or rental truck – one important thing you ’ll need to decide is how large of a space you need .
It can be difficult to estimate how much space all of your belongings , once packed all tightly together , will occupy .
You certainly want to reserve a space that ’s big enough so that everything will fit in , but if you reserve too big of a space , you ’ll overpay and waste money .
Our calculator can help you determine the exact size of storage space to rent .
Recent Posts
As much as 16 percent of the plutonium spilled at the Boulder campus of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in June 2008 may have made its way into the Boulder sewer system , NIST said today in a letter to Boulder ’s city manager .
But that amount posed no hazard to the citizens of Boulder , Richard Kayser , NIST ’s special assistant for environment , safety and health told Boulder City Manager Jane Brautigam .
“ Measurements conducted by a contractor hired by the City of Boulder with funds from NIST detected no radioactivity significantly different from natural background levels at several points within the sewer system , at the wastewater - treatment facility and in the sludge diverted from the the sewer system , ” said Kayser .
But he added , “ we again acknowledge that this discharge should never have occurred . ”
The spill occurred when a project to enhance the United States ’ ability to detect “ dirty bombs ” went awry at NIST , where a subsequent investigation revealed dangerous plutonium sources were obtained without management approval and handled by inexperienced and untrained researchers .
On June 9 , 2008 , a 30 - year - old glass vial containing about 0.25 grams of mixed plutonium isotopes ruptured .
A researcher handled the material , significantly spreading contamination in the work area and on his body , a report by the NIST Ionizing Radiation Committee found .
He left the area , spreading the contamination outside the lab .
The release of plutonium into the sewer system was probably caused by the researcher washing his hands in a sink , according to investigators .
In today ’s letter to Brautigam , Kayser said the Nuclear Regulatory Commission - licensed company that cleaned up the lab found that 84 percent of the plutonium involved in the spill was recovered for recycling or removed as waste , “ meaning that , at most , 16 percent of the sample may have been discharged to the Boulder sanitary system . ”
Kayser said that although the researcher did n’t follow proper procedure when he washed his hands in the laboratory sink , the maximum amount released into the sewer system “ fell within allowable regulatory limits . ”
The letter informed the city of Boulder that the area contaminated by the spill has now been cleaned and that NIST has met the requirements necessary to reopen the spaces .
Kayser said NIST has taken numerous steps to see that a similar problem does n’t occur again .
He said NIST is no longer conducting research with radioactive materials under the “ specific materials ” NRC license .
In addition , a senior - level NIST research - director position previously located at NIST headquarters in Gaithersburg , Md. , was moved to Boulder to strengthen local line - management responsibility for the safety of all lab activities .
Also , NIST hired a safety manager with extensive government and industry experience to oversee NIST Boulder ’s safety office .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
CANADA QUALIFIES FOR 2011 WORLD CUP WITH 41 - 18 WIN
Canada and USA name sides for final leg of World Cup Qualifiers in Edmonton
12 -6 Loss to USA : Poor Performance by Canada
TWO GAME SERIES WILL BOOK ONE SPOT AT 2011 RUGBY WORLD CUP : CANADA ANNOUNCES LINEUP
Full Time Canada 56 - USA 7 : Canada is in the World Cup
Canada leads 27 - 0 at half time
One hour to game time and the tension is growing
Pre -game report : Weather 's fine and the beer is flowing well
Rugby Canada Press Releaseposted July 12 2009
The Canadian Senior Men ’s
Team stunned the USA Eagles on Saturday afternoon taking the second leg of their World Cup qualifying series by a score of 41 - 18 .
After their narrow defeat a week ago in Charleston , South Carolina the Canadians rebounded to overcome a six - point deficit in front of their home crowd at Ellerslie Rugby Park in Edmonton .
The pressure was on as the July 4th loss was the first they ’d suffered to their southern neighbours in nearly five years .
The spirited Canucks dressed in their retro reds made no mistake on Saturday as James Pritchard powered them to an early ten - point lead .
As the home side built their momentum , a costly red card offence by Paul Emerick had the Americans feeling the pressure as they failed to dominate the set piece , a crucial aspect of their win in Charleston .
Emerick was spotted kicking DTH van der Merwe who was lying on the ground after a tackle – and was sent to off after referee Allan Lewis conferred with his Argentine assistant referees .
Adam Kleeberger made his presence known at no .
8 filling in for the injured Aaron Carpenter as he left a path of destruction en route to the American try line .
Justin Mensah - Coker would cross over shortly after and as Pritchard hit his groove the Americans quickly found themselves down 24 points heading into the half .
While the tourists gradually found their rhythm , the ruthless Canadian offence always had an answer .
Tim Usasz put the visitors on the board but two minutes late Ed Fairhurst split the American line going over for a 29 - 3 lead .
A series of exciting phases resulted in Kevin Swiryn going over to narrow the lead 31 - 8 as last week ’s Man of the Match Mike Hercus slotted five points through the uprights .
There was no chance of a reverse in the cards , however as Canada fought on to secure their spot in the 2011 World Cup .
DTH van der Merwe and youngster Matt Evans were next to slice through the American line to put their side up 41 - 13 .
Van der Merwe ’s try was a beautifully crafted as Ander Monro spotted space on the left wing and hit a perfectly weighted kick to replacement flanker Chauncey O’Toole who offloaded as soon as he received it giving the Saskatchewan wing a one metre trip across the line for his fourth try of 2009 .
With five minutes on the clock the Americans were on the war path but a last minute try by their fearless Captain Todd Clever was all the side could muster up as they went down 41 - 18 .
“ We let ourselves down last weekend and did n’t come to play the game , ” Canadian Coach Kieran Crowley said after match .
“ It ’s been a long weekend and we wanted to put things right and we have been waiting for this day so I am pretty happy .
” The win sees Canada qualify as the North America first seed in Pool A of the 2011 World Cup where they ’ll take on New Zealand , France , Tonga and the top seed from Asia .
The match was also a proud moment for Glasgow Warrior Kevin Tkachuk who earned his 50th cap this afternoon .
“ The crowd was fantastic but more importantly the boys were fantastic , ” the veteran prop said of today ’s crucial victory .
“ Last week we embarrassed ourselves down in Charleston and this week we had to play better and I think we did that .
” The USA must now play Uruguay home and away in the next few months to qualify as the Americas Two zone qualifier .
ScoringCanadaTries : James Pritchard , Adam Kleeberger , Justin Mensah - Coker , EdFairhurst , DTH van der Merwe , Matt EvansConversions : James Pritchard ( 4 ) Penalty : James PritchardUSATries : Kevin Swiryn , Todd CleverConversion : Mike HercusPenalties : Mike Hercus ( 2 ) Canada vs USA1 .
Kevin Tkachuk ( Glasgow Warriors / Regina , SK ) 2 . Pat Riordan ( University of Victoria / Burnaby Lake , BC ) 3 .
Dan Pletch ( Oakville Crusaders / Lucan , ON ) 4 . Mike Burak ( Unattached / Vancouver , BC ) 5 .
Tyler Hotson ( UBC Old Boy Ravens / Vancouver , BC ) 6 .
Jebb Sinclair ( Castaway Wanderers / Frederiction , NB ) 7 .
Nanyak Dala ( Castaway Wanderers / Saskatoon , SK ) 8 .
Adam Kleeberger ( University of Victoria / White Rock , BC ) 9 .
Ed Fairhurst ( Cornish Pirates / Victoria , BC ) 10 .
Ander Monro ( Colorno , Italy ) 11 .
Justin Mensah - Coker ( Moseley / Vancouver , BC ) 12 .
Ryan Smith ( Calgary Irish / Caledon , ON ) 13 .
DTH van der Merwe ( Glasgow Warriors / Regina , SK ) 14 .
Matt Evans ( Hartpury College / Duncan , BC ) 15 .
James Pritchard ( Bedford RFC ) Replacements16 .
Mike Pletch ( Velox Valhallians / Lucan , ON ) 17 .
Andrew Tiedemann ( University of Victoria / St. Albert , AB ) 18 .
Chauncey O’Toole ( Castaway Wanderers / Belle Isle , NB ) 19 .
Stu Ault ( Mosely RFC / Perth , ON ) 20 .
Bryn Keys ( Moseley RFC / Abbotsford , BC ) 21 .
Phil Mack ( James Bay AA / Victoria , BC ) 22 .
Ciaran Hearn ( Castaway Wanderers / Conception Bay , Nfld ) Rugby Canada Press Releaseposted July 10 2009
Canada has named its side to face the USA in the second leg of the home and home Rugby World Cup Qualifying series – and like the States there are very few changes in the lineups for the match that takes place at 1:30 PM Ellerslie Rugby Park in Edmonton this Saturday .
Only Aaron Carpenter , who broke his arm in the 12 - 6 loss to the USA last week , is out of the Canadian lineup , with Adam Kleeberger moving from the flanker spot to No.
8 . Nanyak Dala will start , working with Jebb Sinclair in the feisty back row setup .
The Americans made no changes to their starting fifteen – making only a replacements change – with Joe Welch backing up hooker Chris Biller this week .
The USA holds a slim six point margin going into this qualifying match , meaning that Canada must win by seven or more to hope to qualify for the 2011 World Cup in this round .
Failure to do so means a rugged home and home series against Uruguay in August and September .
At a press conference in Edmonton on Thursday , neither coach believed the other was concerned about the points difference .
“ If we went into a game thinking that six points would be enough to see us through we would be laughed off the park , “ said USA coach Eddie O’Sullivan .
His counterpart , Canadian coach Kieran Crowley agreed .
“ It is a test match and we need to win it outright , ” he said .
“ If it gets down to the last twenty minutes and we need a specific number of points we look at it at that point , but until then it is like any other game .
” Canadian team Captain Pat Riordan , when asked about the 18 degree temperature difference between last weekend in Charleston , South Carolina , and the cool temperatures in Edmonton , he admitted the boys are preferring the Alberta climate – but notes , “ as far as I know its nice and cool for the USA as well – so it is not much of a factor . ” Riordan says the new attacking style of rugby Canada has been playing should net some positive results .
" I think creative is the right way to look at it , " Riordan said .
" We 've got some speed and we like to play a fairly attacking type of rugby .
"
In the past , we were a bit more conservative .
We kind of got away from that a bit last week and that 's why we did n't have the success we were looking for .
" Canada vs USA1 .
Kevin Tkachuk ( Glasgow Warriors / Regina , SK ) 2 . Pat Riordan ( University of Victoria / Burnaby Lake , BC ) 3 .
Dan Pletch ( Oakville Crusaders / Lucan , ON ) 4 . Mike Burak ( Unattached / Vancouver , BC ) 5 .
Tyler Hotson ( UBC Old Boy Ravens / Vancouver , BC ) 6 .
Jebb Sinclair ( Castaway Wanderers / Frederiction , NB ) 7 .
Nanyak Dala ( Castaway Wanderers / Saskatoon , SK ) 8 .
Adam Kleeberger ( University of Victoria / White Rock , BC ) 9 .
Ed Fairhurst ( Cornish Pirates / Victoria , BC ) 10 .
Ander Monro ( Colorno , Italy ) 11 .
Justin Mensah - Coker ( Moseley / Vancouver , BC ) 12 .
Ryan Smith ( Calgary Irish / Caledon , ON ) 13 .
DTH van der Merwe ( Glasgow Warriors / Regina , SK ) 14 .
Matt Evans ( Hartpury College / Duncan , BC ) 15 .
James Pritchard ( Bedford RFC ) Replacements16 .
Mike Pletch ( Velox Valhallians / Lucan , ON ) 17 .
Andrew Tiedemann ( University of Victoria / St. Albert , AB ) 18 .
Chauncey O’Toole ( Castaway Wanderers / Belle Isle , NB ) 19 .
Stu Ault ( Mosely RFC / Perth , ON ) 20 .
Bryn Keys ( Moseley RFC / Abbotsford , BC ) 21 .
Phil Mack ( James Bay AA / Victoria , BC ) 22 .
Ciaran Hearn ( Castaway Wanderers / Conception Bay , Nfld ) StaffHead Coach : Kieran CrowleyAssistant Coach : John TaitSkills Coach : Morgan WilliamsStrength and Conditioning : Tyler GoodaleVideo Analyst : Peter HuigenbosMedical Therapist : Mike RecineMassage
Therapist : Sadie DeschenesMedical : Dr. ShelbyManager : Rodger SwanyCommunications Manager : Doug CrosseUSA
Team to Face Canada1 .
Mate Moekiola ( Park City Haggis ) 2. Chris Biller ( California ) 3 . Shawn Pittman ( Bayside RFC ) 4 . John Van der Giessen ( Denver Barbarians ) 5 . Hayden Smith ( Saracens FC ) 6 .
Louis Stanifill ( New York Athletic Club ) 7 . Todd Clever ( Xerox Lions ) © 8 . Nic Johnson ( Denver Barbarians ) 9 .
Tim Usasz ( Nottngham RFC ) 10 .
Mike Hercus ( Sunshine Coast Stingrays ) 11 .
Kevin Swiryn ( Old Puget Sound Beach ) 12 .
Roland Suniula ( Pearl City RFC ) 13 .
Paul Emerick ( Overmach Parma ) 14 .
Takudzwa Ngwenya ( Biarritz Olympic ) 15 .
Chris Wyles ( Saracens FC ) Replacements16 .
Joe Welch ( Belmont Shore ) 17 .
Mike MacDonald ( Leeds Carnegie RFC ) 18 .
Alec Parker ( Gentlemen of Aspen ) 19 .
JJ Gagiano ( University of Cape Town ) 20 .
Mike Petri ( New York Athletic Club21 .
Ata Malifa ( Belmont Shore ) 22 .
Salesi Sika ( Castres Olympique ) Coach Eddie O’Sullivan[ed .
comments below ] osted July 4 2009
Full
Time ReportProbably one of the poorest performances by Canada in a world cup qualifying match .
Coach Crowley will now have to answer to the Canadian rugby public for the lack of offensive punch on the team .
The only acceptable answer is an emphatic +6 win in Edmonton next weekend .
Canada looked anaemic in almost every aspect of the game , being out hustled in loose play , in the contact area and if the Americans did n't knock on a number of scoring opportunities the damage could be a lot worse going into game two .
Several players were suffering and should have been subbed well before they were , in particular Ed Fairhurst at scrum half who was at odds , justifiably so , with the Irish referee who was allowing the American loose forwards to come offside at rucks and scrums .
Regardless you have to adapt to the refereeing and he was taking way too long to set up the plays .
Enter Phil Mack with 10 minutes left but that decision should have been made 20 minutes earlier .
A very poor performance , the honeymoon is over and now it 's accountability time .
Adam Kleeberger as usual was one of the bright lights giving everything and trying to infuse some life into the Canadian game .
Half Time ReportA game played in intense heat is producing a very mediocre game so far .
A drop goal and penalty for USA and two penalty goals for Canada .
There was rumour of the flu bug making the rounds and the Canadian players look like their operating at about 80 % .
There are no standout performances so far and a lot mistakes .
Hopefully better news in the second half .
[ed .
if you scroll down below this story you 'll see the reports I filed from St. John 's Newfoundland in August 2006 in the previous RWC qualifier between these nations .
Canada won 56 - 7 so expectations will be high for this two game series .
The first game is being televised on TSN this Saturday at 1 pm PT from South Carolina courtesy of USA Rugby and ESPN , the second game in Edmonton is not being televised . ]
Rugby Canada Press Releaseposted July 2 2009
With five games down in the 2009 season it is fair to say Coach Kieran Crowley has a firm handle on who is his team is and what he thinks they are capable of heading into this weekend ’s Rugby World Cup qualifier against the USA in sweltering Charleston , South Carolina .
It is the first of a two game , home and away series with the next leg taking place in Edmonton on July 11th .
Crowley has had his team on the go since the first week of May when they met to prepare for a match against Ireland in Vancouver – followed by a test match against Wales in Toronto .
While those were both losses the team improved immensely from the first week to the second week – and that had a lot to do with the opening win of the Churchill Cup against Georgia in Denver , Colorado – a 42 - 10 victory that propelled Canada two ratings points on the International Rugby Board rankings to 13th place .
“ It ’s time together and knowing the systems and those sorts of things , ” explains Crowley on the team ’s development over the past few weeks .
“ And coming together as far as how we want to play .
Obviously there is a certain way we want to play against the States and we have been working hard on that in the ( meeting ) room as well as out on the field .
”
“ It ’s also being able to adapt to different things each week and you have to change your lineout calls each week because of all the analysis that takes place .
All of the games – including hard fought efforts against Ireland A and the Argentina Jaguars to close the Churchill tournament , were dress rehearsals for this key home and away series against the arch rival Eagles .
Win this two game totalpoint series – and the reward is a spot as the Americas 1 winner – in a pool with Tonga , New Zealand , France and the top Asian qualifier , likely Japan .
Lose and it is a difficult home and away series against Uruguay and likely placement in Pool C of the World Cup with Australia , Ireland , Italy and the Europe 2 qualifier , With that in mind he has selected his first twenty - two man squad weighing his options against the solid performances he has seen in the past seven weeks .
One of the clear contenders to have cemented a starting spot has been DTH van der Merwe – the former wing who has found a new home in the centres – this weekend playing outside veteran Ryan Smith .
Van der Merwe has been a polished performer – scoring two tries against Argentina and also getting a solo effort against Georgia .
Smith , in particular , is pleased to have a player of van der Merwe ’s ability on his shoulder .
“ DTH goes quite well , ” said Smith .
“ He is fast and he is fit .
It makes it easy for inside backs when you have guys that can run lines off of you like that .
” He also has his big partnership of Tyler Hotson and Mike Burak in the engine room – giving him a stable lineout platform .
In the front row Canada welcomes back Kevin Tkachuk for his 48th start – the Glasgow Warrior player back from a slight leg knock at the Churchill Cup .
Pat Riordan will Captain the side from the hooker spot and Dan Pletch wins his 20thCap at tight - head prop .
In the back row Crowley has lost the services of Stan McKeen ’s size in the lineup , with the Oxford law student suffering a calf injury this week .
Jebb Sinclair – who made his debut as a second row against Argentina at the Churchill Cup , will return to his favoured flanker spot and will work with the outstanding Adam Kleeberger .
Aaron Carpenter doggedly hangs onto the No. 8 jersey for a fifth straight week , showing he is deserving of his first pro contract at Coventry after the summer series concludes .
Ed Fairhurst is the scrum - half working with Ander Monro and making his 46th test appearance .
Monro has emerged as the man for the job in the out - half spot - and he will distribute to Smith and van der Merwe – with Justin Mensah - Coker and Matt Evans locking down the wing spots .
Evans had four tries in three games at the Churchill Cup and has put his hand up as one of several young players that will most certainly figure into the very 2011 World Cup they are qualifying for now – and beyond .
The front row is heavy with front row cover as a hot day is expected to be taxing on the big men – with Frank Walsh , Mike Pletch and Andrew Tiedemann all holding down replacement spots .
Stu Ault and Nanyak Dala are second row / back row cover respectively with Phil Mack and Ciaran Hearn expected to slot into the back line with some on field movements allowing for total coverage .
The match will be available for viewing live on TSN - 4 PM EST - 1 PM PST on Saturday .
Canada vs USA1 .
Kevin Tkachuk ( Glasgow Warriors / Regina , SK ) 2 . Pat Riordan ( University of Victoria / Burnaby Lake , BC ) 3 .
Dan Pletch ( Niagara Thunder / London , ON ) 4 .
Mike Burak ( Unattached / Vancouver , BC ) 5 .
Tyler Hotson ( UBC Old Boy Ravens / Vancouver , BC ) 6 .
Jebb Sinclair ( Castaway Wanderers / Frederiction , NB ) 7 .
Adam Kleeberger ( University of Victoria / White Rock , BC ) 8 .
Aaron Carpenter ( Coventry RFC / Brantford , ON ) 9 .
Ed Fairhurst ( Cornish Pirates / Victoria , BC ) 10 .
Ander Monro ( Colorno , Italy ) 11 .
Justin Mensah - Coker ( Moseley / Vancouver , BC ) 12 .
Ryan Smith ( Calgary Irish / Caledon , ON ) 13 .
DTH van der Merwe ( Glasgow Warriors / Regina , SK ) 14 .
Matt Evans ( Hartpury College / Duncan , BC ) 15 .
James Pritchard ( Bedford RFC ) Replacements16 .
Mike Pletch ( Velox Valhallians / London , ON ) 17 .
Andrew Tiedemann ( University of Victoria / St. Albert , AB ) 18 .
Frank Walsh ( Vandals RFC / St. John's , NFLD ) 19 .
Stu Ault ( Mosely RFC / Perth , ON ) 20 .
Nanyak Dala ( Castaway Wanderers / Saskatoon , SK ) 21 .
Phil Mack ( James Bay AA / Victoria , BC ) 22 .
Ciaran Hearn ( Castaway Wanderers / Conception Bay , Nfld ) StaffHead Coach : Kieran CrowleyAssistant Coach : John TaitSkills Coach : Morgan WilliamsStrength and Conditioning : Tyler GoodaleVideo Analyst : Peter HuigenbosPhysiotherapist : Mike RacineMassage Therapist : Sadie DeschenesMedical : Dr. Ken ArthurManager : Rodger SwanyCommunications Manager : Doug Crosseposted Aug 12 2006
James Pritchard scored three second half tries along with one by Derek Daypuck to leave the hapless Americans red-faced by the end of the game .
So 7 tries , 3 penalties and 6 conversions , a record win by the Canadian team in qualifying .
It was a total dominating victory by the Canadians , similar to the drubbings that Canada sometime receive at the hand of European professional teams .
Well today they were the professionals .
It was a game never in doubt .
Snow and Tkachuk were awesome in the front row , when Pletch and Cooke came in later in the game the scrum was n't the same .
The coaching staff stayed with their original players as long as possible while the Americans substituted freely sensing the game was over .
Near the end of the second half Snow was finally given a rest , and another local hero , Mike Webb , was subbed in .
Lawson replaced Riordan and Fairhurst replaced Pyke , while Daypuck replaced Munro who took a hard knock .
The French referee was letting little things go by the end of the game or the score could have been higher .
The Newfoundland crowd were certainly a factor and heckled the American players at every turn .
Much will be written about this game but it was a one - sided affair .
Those who questioned Pritchard 's inclusion will have to re-think their platform as he was the consumate professional jumping on every loose ball and turning every little mistake into a try .
Well done Canada , it 's on to George St. tonight and the video perhaps tomorrow .
Cheers from Newfoundland , The EditorScores by Rod Snow , Sean Michael Stephen and Ryan Smith with Pritchard perfect on the conversions and two penalties for a 27 - 0 scoreline at half .
Ryan Smith got sent off before the half so Canada starts with 14 men and has to concentrate as the game is not over yet .
Excellent cross defence by the Canadians held the American backs in check and the Canadian forwards are handling their southern counterparts .
Offloading in the tackle was the key in a couple of the Canadian tries and it all seemed too easy for the Canucks .
It 's a new game in the second half and Canada will have to come out just as intense .
The teams are out for their pre-game warmup and the bar is bustling .
The Web Ellis trophy is here but they 're waiting for the IRB officials to show up .
There is a Japanese video crew here , I could n't get a good idea of what they 're doing with the video but they have high end equipment but alas a poor grasp of the English language .
They 're doing video highlights only though .
The weather remains stable and it looks as if it will be a cracker of a game .
It 's about one and half hours before kickoff and the crowds are pouring in .
Already several commercial businesses have been set aside for overflow parking .
Having a media pass I am sipping free Guinness at the bar , life is hard sometimes .
Karl
Fix is bellying up to the bar beside me .
No word yet on whether the Webb Ellis trophy has found its way here .
There are armed security guards and more alikadoos than you can shake a stick at .
Pre - game rugby at its best .
There 's also a display area for the million dollar sports facility to be built at the Swiler 's complex and which Rod Snow will be overseeing .
Rugby seems to be doing very well in St. John's .
More to come ....
Christian Vande Velde is an American cyclist who finished fourth in last year ’s Tour de France .
Riding this year for the Garmin - Slipstream team , Vande Velde will file periodic updates of his experiences at the Tour .
No one needs to be a professional bike racer , riding 200 kilomoters a day up and down mountains in searing heat and freezing rain .
You do it because you love it .
On days like Sunday , a brutal mountain stage at the Tour de France , you take inspiration wherever you can get it .
I did n’t give up because I knew that my friends and family who are watching at home were n’t giving up on me .
As I came across the finish on Sunday , I found myself holding onto the guardrail ( or should I say Gavin , my soigneur ) , unable to catch my breath .
I was suffering the entire climb and had no idea what state I truly was in until I was forced to stop 10 feet past the finish .
Heaving , trying to get a hold of myself , I realized that I had n’t held anything back and thus have no regrets  everyone ’s worst enemy .
You show up two weeks later than you should have to the hairstylist ( pretty common when you are constantly pressed for time ) and instead of the usual lecture about the color of your roots , she turns you around in the chair and says :
" I look at people ’s skin tones all day long and try to decide the best coloring for their hair , and I can tell you this : gray is not a normal human skin tone .
Get out of here right now and go see your doctor . "
For some reason , though she is not the first person to note you do n’t look your best lately , this is the one thing that manages to penetrate the fatigue - fog and you do as you are told .
You call on the way , check in , sit down in the crowded waiting room resigned to waiting for a couple of hours , and a mere minute later the doctor , passing by the glassed in sliding windows on the other side of the wall catches sight of you , comes out , and demands to know : " How did you get so anemic ? "
You say , " I am ? "
He says , " Come with me right now " takes your hand and drags you back to an examining room .
Later that day , at the oncologist / hematologist office , this new strange doctor takes blood , orders up an outpatient transfusion , tells you that you no doubt have acute myelogenous leukemia , could keel over dead at any moment as long as you are untreated , and should now go home and call him the very minute the HMO calls you and tells you to check into some local hospital or the other – but should on no account whatsoever check into that local hospital .
You find this direction to avoid hospitalization confusing , in light of the " keel over dead untreated " stuff and say so .
Whereupon oncologist / hematologist guy says HMO will try to check you into local or even regional hospital – because it ’s cheaper – but in his opinion no local or regional hospital should be treating leukemia , since cure rates double in large teaching institutions .
Risk of keeling over dead while he is arguing for your life with HMO is less than risk of dying in local hospital .
Then he writes you a list of five hospitals in Chicago that you can allow yourself to be checked into , and says if it ’s one of these ok , but it wo n’t be , so call me when they tell you to go to a local hospital .
Sure enough , he ’s right ; they do , the very next day .
You call him .
He works some magic you know naught of ( though local rumor tells you later that he informed HMO that he will be sure to make himself available to testify at your spouse ’s wrongful death suit later ) and you get the referral to the large teaching institution later that day .
Telling your children ... no , you wo n’t write the details here , beyond saying that especially for someone who lost a parent at the age of eleven , it ’s the hardest thing you ’ve ever done to try to be honest about the prognosis ( which is grim ) but reassuring about your love for them and intent to fight for your life .
Skip ahead then .
On your first day in large teaching institution , you are visited by a social worker , who surprises you by demanding to know not the details of your home life , or about your state of mind on being diagnosed with a more - lethal - than - not form of cancer , but simply : " Who is carrying your insurance , you or your husband ? "
You think this is rather cold for a social worker and inform her somewhat frostily that you are sure the bill will be taken care of – it ’s pre-approved .
Social worker looks at you with what you interpret as pity and says it ’s really , really important .
So you say , spouse , as you work for small non-profit that offers no benefits , but also admit to her that you think marriage is for sure doomed now .
" Good , good ! " she says .
And you wonder why , why , on top of extra -lethal form of cancer , must you also get unbalanced social worker ?
She must be able to tell from your expression that you think she ’s nuts , because she explains , like so :
If you worked for a company that offered insurance , if you carried your family ’s insurance , next year your insurer would slap a million dollar surcharge on the company policy for carrying a leukemia patient .
The company would get the bill and someone in accounting would question " what is this extra million dollars we are being billed ? "
The insurance company would explain to them that the million is for you , and it is yearly , but is , ahem , " fixable . "
They will say " as long as she is on your insurance ( wink , wink ) this charge will be there .
So what you have to ask yourself ( more wink , wink ) is whether this employee is worth a million dollar a year salary on top of what you are already paying her . "
Social worker said she had seen small business owners go almost broke trying to cover this charge , and had even heard of one who defiantly did go broke , throwing all of the employees out of work .
But more usually , she said , they just fire you .
" Wait , wait ! " say you , " Is n’t it illegal to fire someone for their health history ?
Suppose I ’m all well and working ? "
She looks at you with more pity , says yes , so of course they will have to find " cause " to fire you , which any employer can always do .
" But I am a very , very good employee ! " you protest .
" Yes , " she says , " but they can always find some cause . "
The real problem she goes on to explain , is that you will find a new job , that company ’s insurer will slap them with the surcharge , they will take their turn at firing you , until you ’ve been through six or seven jobs in a year , fired " for cause " from all of them , which of course looks very , very bad to a prospective employer .
" So in a year or so of this , you will not just be uninsurable , you will also be unemployable . "
She asks who your husband works for , since they ’d probably try to do this to him too .
You say he is a cop working for a municipality , which pleases her .
" They have all sorts of layers of officials , elected and otherwise , to work their way through to get to the decision , then once they do they have to get past his union , so it will take much longer to get him fired . "
She also , though , offered sympathy for the fact that what with the police union and the municipality fighting out whatever " cause " they got him on in such a public profession , it was sure to end up in the local papers and disrupt all our lives – including the children ’s – when they did get that far .
You remind her you seem headed for divorce , and she says , well , okay then , just carry the COBRA to the limit and keep on working for small not - for - profits that do n’t offer insurance .
You ask her what you are supposed to do for health care and she says sooner or later the insurance companies would force you onto Medicaid – either by means of making you unemployable and broke , or by means of you being uninsured and going through any and all assets you have paying medical bills until you are broke and sick enough that you can’t work , and end up on Medicaid .
You are rather horrified , but have other things ( like trying to stay alive and simultaneously on top of what your teenage children are up to from the hospital many miles away ) on your mind , and besides , this all seems so uncivilized and melodramatic and " worst case scenario " and ... unlikely , somehow , so you set this aside for now .
You live .
In fact you are cured !
A year later you are divorced .
You are struggling to get by as a single mother , and you are making the COBRA payments .
Your ex comes by to pick up your son and tells you that the municipality he works for ’s administrator told him in absolute shock that the insurance company slapped a million dollar surcharge on the municipality ’s insurance policy , and said it would go on yearly until you are off , but since you had exercised your right to COBRA it would " do no good " if your ex was gone .
The administrator said he was so shocked and offended that he went to ALL the other carriers possible , and one by one they all gave him back a " no bid " with the proviso that they would welcome the opportunity to bid ... just as soon as that leukemia patient ’s COBRA rights expire .
So barring leaving all the municipality ’s employees naked of insurance they were absolutely trapped .
Social worker begins to seem less melodramatic to you .
Your COBRA rights expire .
You go on ICHIP , the program for uninsurable Illinoisans .
It ’s easy , because your disease is on the short - list of twelve or so that automatically render you " uninsurable for life . "
You discuss the horrible policy benefits with your car insurance agent – who is also a trusted friend .
She tells you she is also on ICHIP ( though it was much harder for her to get on it - she had to get three denials from private insurers ) and the entire benefit it provides is to " get you through the door of a hospital " since if you really do get ill you will get benefits so minimal that you will be forced to pay the vast majority of the bills until you are bankrupt and forced onto Medicaid .
Social worker begins to seem downright reasonable to you .
The day comes when you weigh the many , many hundreds of dollars you are paying on a monthly basis , through ICHIP , but to the very insurance company that once charged your ex’s employer a million dollars ( coincidentally , the exact bill for your treatment over your year of leukemia fell just short of that million , by about ten dollars , so this company was out exactly nothing ) of what is starting to smell like blood money , against your daughters continuing in college and your son eating on a regular basis .
You get a second job .
Your daughter gets sick with Type I Diabetes while uninsured and you weigh those hundreds of dollars to the insurer you now thoroughly detest and you drop that insurance and buy her insulin and syringes and test strips and trips to the doctor instead .
You are now so broke that if you would just give up and quit your two jobs and collapse already you are certain you would qualify for Medicaid .
But you are stubborn and you go to work .
Your mother – who though she has been a strict vegetarian since birth has very high cholesterol that will not respond to diet and who has been on high blood pressure medication for decades - survives her third heart attack and you consider the fact that your father died at 39 of a heart attack and you think that probably you are not far away from one yourself .
Your oldest sister says while visiting Mom at the hospital that she has been on high blood pressure and cholesterol medication for a decade too .
Your nearest - in - age sister , also a strict vegetarian , goes to get her cholesterol checked and sure enough is placed on high cholesterol and high blood pressure medication .
She is also diagnosed as almost completely deaf in her left ear , as your father was at a very young age , and as you suspect you are too .
She gets a miniscule hearing aid .
You are careful to not put the phone to your bad ear .
Your little brother is diagnosed with cholesterol that does n’t go down in response to a diet ( you get hilarious stories about your sweet and gentle sister - in - law ’s brutal enforcement of said diet ) and high blood pressure .
He goes on medication .
You go to the drug store and test your blood pressure when you wake up with the blood pounding in your ears one day and , sure enough , it ’s crept up to high borderline .
You try a myriad of things and finally hit on running every day and cutting all of the salt out of your diet to get it to the high end of " normal . "
You check it once a week .
You struggle – much – with your weight and the overwhelming need for naps and your ridiculously dry skin and your thinning hair .
Your late - twenties daughter , who has just been diagnosed with a completely non-functioning thyroid gland , goes on thyroid medication and lectures you that these are all exactly her symptoms , so you should get your thyroid checked .
You know it , and are aware ( as your daughter is not ) that your mother and sisters have all also been on thyroid medication for years , but you ca n’t afford it – or the regular doctor visits and monitoring that go with it .
You go to coffee with your friends .
They have not had an easy time of it lately with their own and their husbands ’ health .
In fact , it ’s been a horrible couple of years .
Your heart bleeds for them and you can think of no words sufficient to describe their courage and grace .
And yet sometimes you feel jealous that they have access to medical care , and then you just feel guilty and small - minded , because they need this care , and they are wonderful , wonderful people who have worked hard for the lives they ’ve built and who give much back to their communities .
But still ... you hear about one friend ’s breast cancer , and you remember that your oncologist / hematologist warned you that all leukemia patients who survive eventually die of some form of cancer – because the chemo drugs are " the strongest carcinogens , in the strongest doses , known to man . "
And you remember that your maternal grandmother died of ovarian cancer , and your nearest - in - age sister was successfully treated for ovarian cancer at the age of 24 .
But you know you ca n’t afford a tenth of the screenings you should be having on an annual basis – not even once .
Or you hear about a husband ’s heart surgery and you think you might well need that one too – your mother , her sister , and one of your own have all had that particular surgery .
But since you ca n’t afford the surgery , you do n’t bother to try to have the tests you ca n’t afford either .
You do n’t go get your hair done any more .
You ca n’t afford it .
So you do it yourself .
But you mostly fret about that because you will love forever the hairstylist who probably saved your life – even if you did end up uninsurable for the duration of that life in the process .
diarist ’s note : Yeah , ok , this is my story .
If you are annoyed by my writing it entirely in the second person , please be advised that I did it deliberately , because , quite frankly , this could be you .
Anyone can be uninsurable in America .
In about as much time as it takes to get your hair done .
I ’m not looking for sympathy here – I ’m alive and not everyone manages to survive the insurance fiasco that masquerades as " care " in our country .
Besides , I ’m so stubborn I ’m planning on living until I ’m old enough for Medicare .
So I ’d like to direct your sympathy to those who are still alive , but may not make it through another decade of having their " care " rationed by the insurance company accountants .
I know I 'm not exactly breaking news here , so please , do not tip , do not rec , go directly to your friends and neighbors and explain to them that their medical care is a disaster waiting to happen , give them their congressperson and senator 's contact info and get them to call or e-mail .
Crossposted at my blog The Progressive Fox
Minnesota Spiders
Many times when I 'm out shooting in Minnesota I collect certain specimens and bring them back to my home studio for a little closeup .
All spiders are released alive .
1 The Potala Palace : Tibet ’s greatest monumental structure
( Photo by MC )
Perched upon Marpo Ri hill , 130 meters above the Lhasa valley , the Potala Palace rises a further 170 meters and is the greatest monumental structure in all of Tibet .
In 637 Emperor Songtsen Gampo decided to build this palace on a hill , and the structure stood until the seventeenth century , when it was incorporated into the foundations of the greater buildings still standing today .
Construction of the present palace began in 1645 during the reign of the fifth Dalai Lama and by 1648 the Potrang Karpo , or White Palace , was completed .
The Potrang Marpo , or Red Palace , was added between 1690 and 1694 ; its construction required the labors of more than 7000 workers and 1500 artists and craftsman .
The Potala Palace was only slightly damaged during the Tibetan uprising against the invading Chinese in 1959 .
Unlike most other Tibetan religious structures , it was not sacked by the Red Guards during the 1960s and 1970s .
As a result , all the chapels and their artifacts are very well preserved .
2 Mont Saint - Michel : a Medieval Castle on a Small Island
( Photo by citiesXL and lct )
Mont St Michel France is situated on a quasi-island on the Normandy coast , near Brittany , which at high tide is almost entirely separated from the mainland .
Only a narrow causeway , constructed in the 1880s preserves a link to the coast .
Beware : the tide comes in quickly – many tourists have drowned attempting to cross the sandy bay .
Unlike other castles in France , which began as defensive structures or pleasure palaces , Mont St Michel had its beginnings as a monastery .
Today , the Castle attracts over four million visitors a year , far more than most castles in France and has been featured in numerous movies , cartoons , and even videogames .
3 Predjamski Castle : Integrated in a Cave
Every castle in the world is unique in some way , no two are the same , but this one –even though it ’s rather small and humble compared to some– is probably the only one in the world who is integrated in a cave , precisely the second largest cave system in Slovenia .
Its name , Predjamski Grad , literally means “ Castle in Front of the Cave . ”
The castle was n’t built in one go ; first written records exist from 13th century , though the first part ( left wing ) was probably built in the first half of 12th century .
Middle part was added in renaissance , and the right wing was build around 1570 .
Some things were added and changed later , but since 1990 renovation work is in progress , restoring it to the original 16th century look .
( Photo by visitareslovenia )
4 Neuschwanstein Castle : the Classic Fairytale ’s Castle
The most famous of three royal palaces built for Louis II of Bavaria , sometimes referred to as Mad King Ludwig , the Neuschwanstein it ’s a royal palace in the Bavarian Alps of Germany .
egun in 1869 and left unfinished at Louis ’s death in 1886 , the castle is the embodiment of 19th century romanticism .
In a fantastical imitation of a medieval castle , Neuschwanstein is set with towers and spires and is spectacularly sited on a high point over the Pullat River gorge .
The construction of the castle was carried out according to a well thought - out plan .
The castle was equipped with all kinds of technical conveniences which were very modern , if not to say revolutionary at that time .
Running water on all floors .
There were toilets equipped with automatic flushing on every floor .
A warm air heating system for the entire building .
American tourists are already familiar with Neuschwanstein ; the sleeping beauty Castle in DisneyLand , was modeled on it .
( Photo by grotsasha )
5 Matsumoto Castle : Japan ’s most fascinating castle
( Photo by lpq )
Matsumoto Castle , locally known as Matsumotojo , is one of the most complete and beautiful among Japan ’s original castles .
It is also a good example of a so called “ hirajiro ” , a castle built on the plain rather than on a hill or mountain .
Matsumotojo ’s castle tower and smaller , second turret were built from 1592 to 1614 and were both well defended , as peace was not yet fully secured at the time .
In 1635 , when no more military threats existed , a third , barely defended turret for moon viewing was added to the castle .
6 Hunyad Castle : were Dracula was held prisoner
( Photo by ctc )
Now located in Hunedoara , Romania , the Hunyad Castle was part of Principality of Transylvania , and it ’s believed to be the place where Vlad III of Wallachia ( commonly known as Dracula ) was held prisoner for 7 years after he was deposed in 1462 .
The castle is a relic of the Hunyadi dynasty .
It was built in Gothic style , but has Baroque and Renaissance architectural elements .
It is a large and imposing building with tall and diversely colored roofs , towers and myriad windows and balconies adorned with stone carvings .
7 Malbork Castle : World ’s Largest Brick Gothic Castle
( Photo by ordensland )
The Castle in Malbork was built in Prussia by the Teutonic Order as an Ordensburg .
The Order named it Marienburg , literally “ Mary ’s Castle ” .
The town which grew around it was also named Marienburg , but since 1945 it is again , after 173 years , part of Poland and known as Malbork .
The castle is a classic example of a medieval fortress , and is the world ’s largest brick gothic castle .
UNESCO listed the castle and its museum as World Heritage Sites in December 1997 .
8 Palacio da Pena : Oldest Palace inspired by European Romanticism
The oldest palace inspired by European Romanticism , the Pena National Palace in Portugal stands on the top of a hill above the town of Sintra , and on a clear day it can be easily seen from Lisbon .
First built in the 15th century as a palace , it was later reconstructed and donated to the church as a monastery .
An earthquake in 1755 ruined most of it , until Prince Fernando acquired it in 1838 rebuilt it .
The style of the palace is an eclectic combination of the original and subsequent styles , plus Romantic , Bavarian , and Moorish architecture , plus an English garden .
9 Löwenburg Castle : The Disneyland of the 18th century
( Photo by Ben )
Within the Wilhelmshöhe Hill Park which sits on one end of the city of Kassel , there stands what appears to be a medieval castle .
However , the Löwenburg or “ Lion ’s Castle ” was ordered to be built by the Landgrave Wilhelm IX from Hessen Kassel ( 1743 - 1821 ) , the Walt Disney of his era , over a period of eight years between 1793 and 1801 as a romantic ruin .
It was carefully designed by his royal court building inspector Heinrich Christoph Jussow who had gone to England specifically to study romantic English ruins and draw up a plan for the Landgrave ’s garden folly .
Today scholars regard Löwenburg Castle ruins as one of the most significant buildings of its genre , in addition to being one of the first major neo-Gothic buildings in Germany .
10 Prague Castle : World ’s Largest Ancient Castle
( Photo by liberato )
One of the biggest castles in the world , and according to Guinness Book of Records , the biggest ancient castle , Prague Castle is about 570 meters in length and an average of 130 meters wide .
The Czech Crown Jewels are kept here , and it was the place where the Czech kings , Holy Roman Emperors and presidents of Czechoslovakia and the Czech Republic have had their offices .
CitiBank regular and gold bank cards , along with several ATM receipts , are seen in this photo illustration taken in New York , April 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chip East
( Reuters ) - Citigroup
Inc has increased interest rates on up to 15 million U.S. credit card accounts just months before curbs on such rises come into effect , the Financial Times reported citing people close to the situation .
Citigroup had upped rates on 13 million to 15 million credit cards it co-brands with retailers such as Sears , the paper said .
In a statement , Citigroup said “ We have adjusted pricing and card terms for some customers as part of our regular account reviews .
This is an ongoing process to ensure we offer terms , interest rates , credit lines and products based on individual needs and risk profiles . ”
“ These changes also reflect the dramatically higher cost of doing business in our industry as we work to preserve the broad availability of credit , ” Citigroup told the paper .
Citigroup could not be immediately reached for a comment by Reuters .
Cody McCasland and his amazing spirit
Cody McCasland is not an ordinary child .
He had to have his legs amputated below the knee when he was only 15 month old because of a rare condition called Sacral Agenesis .
Some months later he got his first prosthetic legs and since then he can move almost like any other kid .
Нe can not only walk , but run , swim , play soccer , golf , karate , ice hockey etc .
But the boy grows fast , so he outgrows his prosthetic legs all the time and needs new .
Now he is seven and during his life he had many surgeries because of his condition , but despite all of the problems Cody remains an amazing spirit .
souce : here
KiosKiosk : A Solar - Powered , Rent - Free Pop - Up Shop
As the economy continues to tumble , it is becoming increasingly difficult for retailers of creative items like clothes and jewelry to find customers .
That ’s why designer Wayne Hemingway and London mayor Boris Johnson have built the KiosKiosk , a temporary , rent - free pop -up retail space in central London designed for creative entrepreneurs .
The solar - powered kiosk offers free electricity for lights , a laptop computer , and a sewing machine .
The KiosKiosk , which launched July 2 and is scheduled to stay open for two months , will rotate tenants every day .
Upcoming inhabitants include Cut - Out T - Shirts and Jewels , Kiss My Cherry , the Grateful Thread , and Claire Montgomerie Knitwares .
You probably have n’t heard of any of these brands , but that ’s the point –the KiosKiosk is meant to give anyone with talent their chance in the spotlight .
The pop -up store is part of the Design Museum ’s Super Contemporary Exhibition , which focuses on London ’s status as a leader in design and creativity .
If London really wants to lead the charge , though , it should extend the KiosKiosk idea to other cities around the world that have pushed out up - and - coming businesses with exorbitant rental costs .
[ KiosKiosk via JambleMag ]
Please follow and like us :
Related
In this first film of the Lone Wolf and Cub series , adapted from the manga by Kazuo Koike , we are told the story of the Lone Wolf and Cub 's origin .
Ogami Itto , the official Shogunate executioner , has been framed for disloyalty to the Shogunate by the Yagyu clan , against whom he now is waging a one - man war , along with his infant son , Daigoro .
Written by Anonymous
In a tragic twist of fate , police said , Boneta lost a leg in September when a SEPTA bus hit him near the same location .
" That 's why he was in a wheelchair , " said Sgt. Lawrence Ritchie of the Accident Investigation Division .
SAN JOS� STATE UNIVERSITY
ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT
Thayer Watkins
Kahneman and Tversky's Prospect Theory
Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky called their studies of how people manage risk and uncertainty Prospect Theory for no other reason than that it is a catchy , attention - getting name .
This is much like Richard Bellman calling his algorithm of multistage decision - making Dynamic Programming because programming was a hot topic at the time he was choosing a label .
Kahneman and Tversky 's theory , developed over a thirty year period , is however highly important in economics and especially in financial economics .
In 2002 Daniel Kahneman shared the Nobel Prize in Economics but unfortunately Amos Tversky had died by that time and did not get his share of the fame .
Kahneman and Tversky started their research investigating apparent anomalies and contradictions in human behavior .
Subjects when offered a choice formulated in one way might display risk - aversion but when offerred essentially the same choice formulated in a different way might display risk - seeking behavior .
For example , as Kahneman says , people may drive across town to save $ 5 on a $ 15 calculator but not drive across town to save $ 5 on a $ 125 coat .
One very important result of Kahneman and Tversky work is demonstrating that people 's attitudes toward risks concerning gains may be quite different from their attitudes toward risks concerning losses .
For example , when given a choice between getting $ 1000 with certainty or having a 50 % chance of getting $ 2500 they may well choose the certain $ 1000 in preference to the uncertain chance of getting $ 2500 even though the mathematical expectation of the uncertain option is $ 1250 .
This is a perfectly reasonable attitude that is described as risk - aversion .
But Kahneman and Tversky found that the same people when confronted with a certain loss of $ 1000 versus a 50 % chance of no loss or a $ 2500 loss do often choose the risky alternative .
This is called risk - seeking behavior .
This is not necessarily irrational but it is important for analysts to recognize the asymmetry of human choices .
Peter Bernstein cites an experiment by Richard Thaler in which student were told to assume they had just won $ 30 and were offered a coin - fip upon which they would win or lose $ 9 .
Seventy percent of the students opted for the coin - flip .
When other students were offered $ 30 for certain versus a coin - flip in which they got either $ 21 or $ 39 a much smaller proportion , 43 % , opted for the coin - flip .
Some of the problems of interpreting human behavior in the face of risk has to do with the problem of people making decisions on the basis of subjective assessments of probabilities which may be quite different from the objective or true probabilities .
Events of small probability that have never occured before may be assessed as having a probability of zero in decision - making , but this is leads to tragedies in which people find they have been playing Russian roulette without even knowing they are doing so .
Small probabilities add up when chances are taken repeatedly .
A calculator is provided here to show the probability of avoiding a danger given the probability and the number of repetitions of the risk .
A notable phenomenon is what happens to the probability of avoiding a small risk event when the probability is increased , say doubled .
For example , suppose the probability of being involved in an automobile accident on any one trip is 0.0001 .
In 2000 trips the probability of not being involved in an accident is about 0.82 .
If the probability of being involved in an accident is doubled to 0.0002 , perhaps as a result of driving behavior , the probability not being involved in a accident in 2000 trips falls to 0.67 .
If the probability of being involved in an accident on one trip were tripled to 0.0003 the probability of avoiding an accident in 2000 trips falls from 0.82 to 0.55 .
The point is that while probabilities of 0.0001 and 0.0003 seems so small as to be insignificant there are not really zero and there is a lot of difference between 0.0001 and 0.0003 .
The Kennedy family seems plagued by tragedy but any review of their behavior indicates that they are significantly higher than average risk - takers and that while most of the time they are unscathed by the risks the odds are that the frequent repetitions of the trials will result in tragedies for the family .
Peter Bernstein reports some interesting results from a Tversky study of people 's , in this case 120 Stanford graduates , estimates of the probability of dying from various causes .
Estimates of Probabilities of Death From Various Causes Cause Subject Estimates Statistical Estimates Heart Disease 0.22 0.34 Cancer 0.18 0.23 Other Natural Causes 0.33 0.35 All Natural Causes 0.73 0.92 Accident 0.32 0.05 Homicide 0.10 0.01 Other Unnatural Causes 0.11 0.02 All Unnatural Causes 0.53 0.08
The above represent the probability estimate of one group in the study .
Another group was not asked to estimate the probabilities for separate causes but only the probability of death by natural versus unnatural causes .
The probability estimate of a natural death by this second group was 0.58 , significantly lower than when the subjects considered each cause separately .
The second group 's estimate of an unnatural death was 0.32 , again significantly lower than for the first group .
The most notable aspect of the estimates is that the subjects significantly underestimated the probabilities for natural causes and vastly overestimated the probabilities for unnatural causes .
This indicates that probably people give more attention to worrying about the unnatural dangers and not enough to the natural dangers .
Source :
Peter Bernstein , Against the Gods : The Remarkable Story of Risk , John Wiley & Sons , New York , 1996 .
HOME PAGE of Thayer Watkins
` Trusted Computing ' Frequently Asked Questions
- TC / TCG / LaGrande / NGSCB / Longhorn / Palladium / TCPA
Version 1.1 ( August 2003 )
Ross Anderson
This document is released under the GNU Free Documentation License .
Here are links to translations into Norwegian , Swedish , Finnish , Hungarian , Greek , Romanian , Polish , Lithuanian and and French .
See also the Economics and Security Resource Page which gives a lot of background to the issues raised here .
1 . What is TC - this `trusted computing ' business ?
The Trusted Computing Group ( TCG ) is an alliance of Microsoft , Intel , IBM , HP and AMD which promotes a standard for a `more secure ' PC .
Their definition of `security ' is controversial ; machines built according to their specification will be more trustworthy from the point of view of software vendors and the content industry , but will be less trustworthy from the point of view of their owners .
In effect , the TCG specification will transfer the ultimate control of your PC from you to whoever wrote the software it happens to be running .
( Yes , even more so than at present . )
The TCG project is known by a number of names .
` Trusted computing ' was the original one , and is still used by IBM , while Microsoft calls it `trustworthy computing ' and the Free Software Foundation calls it `treacherous computing ' .
Hereafter I 'll just call it TC , which you can pronounce according to taste .
Other names you may see include TCPA ( TCG's name before it incorporated ) , Palladium ( the old Microsoft name for the version due to ship in 2004 ) and NGSCB ( the new Microsoft name ) .
Intel has just started calling it `safer computing ' .
Many observers believe that this confusion is deliberate - the promoters want to deflect attention from what TC actually does .
2 . What does TC do , in ordinary English ?
TC provides a computing platform on which you can't tamper with the application software , and where these applications can communicate securely with their authors and with each other .
The original motivation was digital rights management ( DRM ) : Disney will be able to sell you DVDs that will decrypt and run on a TC platform , but which you wo n't be able to copy .
The music industry will be able to sell you music downloads that you wo n't be able to swap .
They will be able to sell you CDs that you 'll only be able to play three times , or only on your birthday .
All sorts of new marketing possibilities will open up .
TC will also make it much harder for you to run unlicensed software .
In the first version of TC , pirate software could be detected and deleted remotely .
Since then , Microsoft has sometimes denied that it intended TC to do this , but at WEIS 2003 a senior Microsoft manager refused to deny that fighting piracy was a goal : ` Helping people to run stolen software just is n't our aim in life ' , he said .
The mechanisms now proposed are more subtle , though .
TC will protect application software registration mechanisms , so that unlicensed software will be locked out of the new ecology .
Furthermore , TC apps will work better with other TC apps , so people will get less value from old non-TC apps ( including pirate apps ) .
Also , some TC apps may reject data from old apps whose serial numbers have been blacklisted .
If Microsoft believes that your copy of Office is a pirate copy , and your local government moves to TC , then the documents you file with them may be unreadable .
TC will also make it easier for people to rent software rather than buy it ; and if you stop paying the rent , then not only does the software stop working but so may the files it created .
So if you stop paying for upgrades to Media Player , you may lose access to all the songs you bought using it .
For years , Bill Gates has dreamed of finding a way to make the Chinese pay for software : TC looks like being the answer to his prayer .
There are many other possibilities .
Governments will be able to arrange things so that all Word documents created on civil servants '
PCs are `born classified ' and can't be leaked electronically to journalists .
Auction sites might insist that you use trusted proxy software for bidding , so that you can't bid tactically at the auction .
Cheating at computer games could be made more difficult .
There are some gotchas too .
For example , TC can support remote censorship .
In its simplest form , applications may be designed to delete pirated music under remote control .
For example , if a protected song is extracted from a hacked TC platform and made available on the web as an MP3 file , then TC - compliant media player software may detect it using a watermark , report it , and be instructed remotely to delete it ( as well as all other material that came through that platform ) .
This business model , called traitor tracing , has been researched extensively by Microsoft ( and others ) .
In general , digital objects created using TC systems remain under the control of their creators , rather than under the control of the person who owns the machine on which they happen to be stored ( as at present ) .
So someone who writes a paper that a court decides is defamatory can be compelled to censor it - and the software company that wrote the word processor could be ordered to do the deletion if she refuses .
Given such possibilities , we can expect TC to be used to suppress everything from pornography to writings that criticise political leaders .
The gotcha for businesses is that your software suppliers can make it much harder for you to switch to their competitors ' products .
At a simple level , Word could encrypt all your documents using keys that only Microsoft products have access to ; this would mean that you could only read them using Microsoft products , not with any competing word processor .
Such blatant lock - in might be prohibited by the competition authorities , but there are subtler lock - in strategies that are much harder to regulate .
( I 'll explain some of them below . )
3 . So I wo n't be able to play MP3s on my computer any more ?
With existing MP3s , you may be all right for some time .
Microsoft says that TC wo n't make anything suddenly stop working .
But a recent software update for Windows Media Player has caused controversy by insisting that users agree to future anti-piracy measures , which may include measures that delete pirated content found on your computer .
Also , some programs that give people more control over their PCs , such as VMware and Total Recorder , are not going to work properly under TC .
So you may have to use a different player - and if your player will play pirate MP3s , then it may not be authorised to play the new , protected , titles .
It is up to an application to set the security policy for its files , using an online policy server .
So Media Player will determine what sort of conditions get attached to protected titles .
I expect Microsoft will do all sorts of deals with the content providers , who will experiment with all sorts of business models .
You might get CDs that are a third of the price but which you can only play three times ; if you pay the other two - thirds , you 'd get full rights .
You might be allowed to lend your copy of some digital music to a friend , but then your own backup copy wo n't be playable until your friend gives you the main copy back .
More likely , you 'll not be able to lend music at all .
Creeping digital lockdown will make life inconvenient in many niggling ways ; for example , regional coding might stop you watching the Polish version of a movie if your PC was bought outside Europe .
This could all be done today - Microsoft would just have to download a patch into your player - but once TC makes it hard for people to tamper with the player software , and easy for Microsoft and the music industry to control what players will work at all with new releases , it will be harder for you to escape .
Control of media player software is so important that the EU antitrust authorities are proposing to penalise Microsoft for its anticompetitive behaviour by compelling it to unbundle Media Player , or include competing players in Windows .
TC will greatly increase the depth and scope of media control .
4 . How does TC work ?
TC provides for a monitoring and reporting component to be mounted in future PCs .
The preferred implementation in the first phase of TC emphasised the role of a ` Fritz ' chip - a smartcard chip or dongle soldered to the motherboard .
The current version has five components - the Fritz chip , a `curtained memory ' feature in the CPU , a security kernel in the operating system ( the ` Nexus ' in Microsoft language ) , a security kernel in each TC application ( the `NCA ' in Microsoft - speak ) and a back - end infrastructure of online security servers maintained by hardware and software vendors to tie the whole thing together .
The initial version of TC had Fritz supervising the boot process , so that the PC ended up in a predictable state , with known hardware and software .
The current version has Fritz as a passive monitoring component that stores the hash of the machine state on start - up .
This hash is computed using details of the hardware ( audio card , video card etc ) and the software ( O/S , drivers , etc ) .
If the machine ends up in the approved state , Fritz will make available to the operating system the cryptographic keys needed to decrypt TC applications and data .
If it ends up in the wrong state , the hash will be wrong and Fritz wo n't release the right key .
The machine may still be able to run non-TC apps and access non -TC data , but protected material will be unavailable .
The operating system security kernel ( the ` Nexus ' ) bridges the gap between the Fritz chip and the application security components ( the ` NCAs ' ) .
It checks that the hardware components are on the TCG approved list , that the software components have been signed , and that none of them has a serial number that has been revoked .
If there are significant changes to the PC 's configuration , the machine must go online to be re-certified : the operating system manages this .
The result is a PC booted into a known state with an approved combination of hardware and software ( whose licences have not expired ) .
Finally , the Nexus works together with new `curtained memory ' features in the CPU to stop any TC app from reading or writing another TC app 's data .
These new features are called ` Lagrande Technology ' ( LT ) for the Intel CPUs and ` TrustZone ' for the ARM .
Once the machine is in an approved state , with a TC app loaded and shielded from interference by any other software , Fritz will certify this to third parties .
For example , he will do an authentication protocol with Disney to prove that his machine is a suitable recipient of ` Snow White ' .
This will mean certifying that the PC is currently running an authorised application program - MediaPlayer , DisneyPlayer , whatever - with its NCA properly loaded and shielded by curtained memory against debuggers or other tools that could be used to rip the content .
The Disney server then sends encrypted data , with a key that Fritz will use to unseal it .
Fritz makes the key available only to the authorised application and only so long as the environment remains `trustworthy ' .
For this purpose , `trustworthy ' is defined by the security policy downloaded from a server under the control of the application owner .
This means that Disney can decide to release its premium content only to a media player whose author agrees to enforce certain conditions .
These might include restrictions on what hardware and software you use , or where in the world you 're located .
They can involve payment : Disney might insist , for example , that the application collect a dollar every time you view the movie .
The application itself can be rented too .
The possibilities seem to be limited only by the marketers ' imagination .
5 . What else can TC be used for ?
TC can also be used to implement much stronger access controls on confidential documents .
These are already available in a primitive form in Windows Server 2003 , under the name of ` Enterprise rights management ' and people are experimenting with them .
One selling point is automatic document destruction .
Following embarrassing email disclosures in the recent anti-trust case , Microsoft implemented a policy that all internal emails are destroyed after 6 months .
TC will make this easily available to all corporates that use Microsoft platforms .
( Think of how useful that would have been for Arthur Andersen during the Enron case . )
It can also be used to ensure that company documents can only be read on company PCs , unless a suitably authorised person clears them for export .
TC can also implement fancier controls : for example , if you send an email that causes embarrassment to your boss , he can broadcast a cancellation message that will cause it to be deleted wherever it 's got to .
You can also work across domains : for example , a company might specify that its legal correspondence only be seen by three named partners in its law firm and their secretaries .
( A law firm might resist this because the other partners in the firm are jointly liable ; there will be many interesting negotiations as people try to reduce traditional trust relationships to programmed rules . )
TC is also aimed at payment systems .
One of the Microsoft visions is that much of the functionality now built on top of bank cards may move into software once the applications can be made tamper - resistant .
This leads to a future in which we pay for books that we read , and music we listen to , at the rate of so many pennies per page or per minute .
The broadband industry is pushing this vision ; meanwhile some far - sighted people in the music industry are starting to get scared at the prospect of Microsoft charging a percentage on all their sales .
Even if micropayments do n't work out as a business model - and there are some persuasive arguments why they wo n't - there will be some sea-changes in online payment , with spillover effects for the user .
If , in ten years ' time , it 's inconvenient to shop online with a credit card unless you use a TC platform , that will be tough on Mac and GNU / linux users .
The appeal of TC to government systems people is based on ERM being used to implement `mandatory access control ' - making access control decisions independent of user wishes but based simply on their status .
For example , an army might arrange that its soldiers can only create Word documents marked at ` Confidential ' or above , and that only a TC PC with a certificate issued by its own security agency can read such a document .
That way , soldiers can't send documents to the press ( or email home , either ) .
Such rigidity does n't work very well in large complex organisations like governments , as the access controls get in the way of people doing their work , but governments say they want it , and so no doubt they will have to learn the hard way .
( Mandatory access control can be more useful for smaller organisations with more focused missions : for example , a cocaine smuggling ring can arrange that the spreadsheet with this month 's shipment details can be read only by five named PCs , and only until the end of the month .
Then the keys used to encrypt it will expire , and the Fritz chips on those five machines will never make them available to anybody at all , ever again . )
6 . OK , so there will be winners and losers - Disney might win big , and some smartcard makers might go bust .
But surely Microsoft and Intel are not investing nine figures just for charity ?
How will they make money out of it ?
For Intel , which started the whole TC thing going , it was a defensive play .
As they make most of their money from PC microprocessors , and have most of the market , they can only grow their company by increasing the size of the market .
They were determined that the PC will be the hub of the future home network .
If entertainment is the killer application , and DRM is going to be the critical enabling technology , then the PC has to do DRM or risk being displaced in the home market .
Microsoft , who are now driving TC , were also motivated by the desire to bring entertainment within their empire .
But they also stand to win big if TC becomes widespread .
There are two reasons .
The first , and less important , is that they will be able to cut down dramatically on software copying .
` Making the Chinese pay for software ' has been a big thing for Bill ; with TC , he can tie each PC to its individual licenced copy of Office and Windows , and lock bad copies of Office out of the shiny new TC universe .
The second , and most important , benefit for Microsoft is that TC will dramatically increase the costs of switching away from Microsoft products ( such as Office ) to rival products ( such as OpenOffice ) .
For example , a law firm that wants to change from Office to OpenOffice right now merely has to install the software , train the staff and convert their existing files .
In five years ' time , once they have received TC - protected documents from perhaps a thousand different clients , they would have to get permission ( in the form of signed digital certificates ) from each of these clients in order to migrate their files to a new platform .
The law firm wo n't in practice want to do this , so they will be much more tightly locked in , which will enable Microsoft to hike its prices .
Economists who have studied the software industry concluded that the value of a software business is about equal to the total costs of its customers switching out to the competition ; both are equal to the net present value of future payments from the customers to the software vendor .
This means that an incumbent in a maturing market , such as Microsoft with its
Office product , can grow faster than the market only if it can find ways to lock in its customers more tightly .
There are some ifs and buts that hedge this theory around , but the basic idea is well known to software industry executives .
This explains Bill G's comment that ` We came at this thinking about music , but then we realized that e-mail and documents were far more interesting domains ' .
7 . Where did the technical ideas come from ?
The TC concept of booting a machine into a known state is implicit in early PCs where the BIOS was in ROM and there was no hard drive in which a virus could hide .
The idea of a trusted bootstrap mechanism for modern machines seems to have first appeared in a paper by Bill Arbaugh , Dave Farber and Jonathan Smith , ``A Secure and Reliable Bootstrap Architecture ' ' , in the proceedings of the IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy ( 1997 ) pp 65 - 71 .
It led to a US patent : ``Secure and Reliable Bootstrap Architecture ' ' , U.S. Patent No. 6,185,678 , February 6th , 2001 .
Bill 's thinking developed from work he did while working for the NSA on code signing in 1994 , and originally applied to rebooting ATM switches across a network .
The Microsoft folk have also applied for patent protection on the operating system aspects .
( The patent texts are here and here . )
There may be quite a lot of prior art .
Markus Kuhn wrote about the TrustNo1 Processor years ago , and the basic idea behind a trustworthy operating system - a `reference monitor ' that supervises a computer 's access control functions - goes back at least to a paper written by James Anderson for the USAF in 1972 .
It has been a feature of US military secure systems thinking since then .
8 . How is this related to the Pentium 3 serial number ?
Intel started an earlier program in the mid-1990s that would have put the functionality of the Fritz chip inside the main PC processor , or the cache controller chip , by 2000 .
The Pentium serial number was a first step on the way .
The adverse public reaction seems to have caused them to pause , set up a consortium with Microsoft and others , and seek safety in numbers .
The consortium they set up , the Trusted Computer Platform Alliance ( TCPA ) , was eventually incorporated and changed its name to TCG .
9 . Why call the monitor chip a ` Fritz ' chip ?
It was named in honour of Senator Fritz Hollings of South Carolina , who worked tirelessly in Congress to make TC a mandatory part of all consumer electronics .
( Hollings ' bill failed ; he lost his chairmanship of the Senate Committee on Commerce , Science and Trasportation , and he 's retiring in 2004 .
But the Empire will be back .
For example , Microsoft is spending a fortune in Brussels promoting a draft Directive on IP enforcement which is seriously bad stuff . )
10 . OK , so TC stops kids ripping off music and will help companies keep data confidential .
It may help the Mafia too , unless the FBI get a back door , which I assume they will .
But apart from pirates , industrial spies and activists , who has a problem with it ?
A lot of companies stand to lose out directly , such as information security vendors .
When it first launched TC as Palladium , Microsoft claimed that Palladium would stop spam , viruses and just about every other bad thing in cyberspace - if so , then the antivirus companies , the spammers , the spam - filter vendors , the firewall firms and the intrusion detection folk could all have their lunch stolen .
That 's now been toned down , but Bill Gates admits that Microsoft will pursue the computer security market aggressively : " Because it 's a growth area , we 're not being that coy with them about what we intend to do . "
Meanwhile , the concerns about the effects on competition and innovation continue to grow .
The problems for innovation are well explained in a recent New York Times column by the distinguished economist Hal Varian .
But there are much deeper problems .
The fundamental issue is that whoever controls the TC infrastructure will acquire a huge amount of power .
Having this single point of control is like making everyone use the same bank , or the same accountant , or the same lawyer .
There are many ways in which this power could be abused .
11 . How can TC be abused ?
One of the worries is censorship .
TC was designed from the start to support the centralised revocation of pirate bits .
Pirate software wo n't run in the TC world as TC will make the registration process tamper - resistant .
But what about pirated songs or videos ?
How do you stop someone recording a track - if necessary by putting microphones next the speakers of a TC machine , and ripping it into an MP3 ?
The proposed solution is that protected content will contain digital watermarks , and lawful media players that detect a watermark wo n't play that song unless it comes with an appropriate digital certificate for that device .
But what if someone hacks a Fritz chip and does a transaction that `lawfully ' transfers ownership of the track ?
In that case , traitor tracing technology will be used to find out which PC the track was ripped from .
Then two things will happen .
First , the owner of that PC will be prosecuted .
( That 's the theory , at least ; it probably wo n't work as the pirates will use hacked PCs . )
Second , tracks that have been through that machine will be put on a blacklist , which all TC players will download from time to time .
Blacklists have uses beyond music copying .
They can be used to screen all files that the application opens - by content , by the serial number of the application that created them , or by any other criteria that you can program .
The proposed use for this is that if everyone in China uses the same copy of Office , you do not just stop this copy running on any machine that is TC - compliant ; that would just motivate the Chinese to use normal PCs instead of TC PCs .
You also cause every TC - compliant PC in the world to refuse to read files that have been created using this pirate program .
This will put huge pressure on the Chinese .
( The precedent is that when spammers started using Chinese accounts , many US ISPs simply blackholed China , which forced the government to crack down on spam . )
The potential for abuse extends far beyond commercial bullying and economic warfare into political censorship .
I expect that it will proceed a step at a time .
First , some well - intentioned police force will get an order against a pornographic picture of a child , or a manual on how to sabotage railroad signals .
All TC - compliant PCs will delete , or perhaps report , these bad documents .
Then a litigant in a libel or copyright case will get a civil court order against an offending document ; perhaps the Scientologists will seek to blacklist the famous Fishman Affidavit .
A dictator 's secret police could punish the author of a dissident leaflet by deleting everything she ever created using that system - her new book , her tax return , even her kids ' birthday cards - wherever it had ended up .
In the West , a court might use confiscation doctrine to `blackhole ' a machine that had been used to make a pornographic picture of a child .
Once lawyers , policemen and judges realise the potential , the trickle will become a flood .
The modern age only started when Gutenberg invented movable type printing in Europe , which enabled information to be preserved and disseminated even if princes and bishops wanted to ban it .
For example , when Wycliffe translated the Bible into English in 1380 - 1 , the Lollard movement he started was suppressed easily ; but when Tyndale translated the New Testament in 1524 - 5 , he was able to print over 50,000 copies before they caught him and burned him at the stake .
The old order in Europe collapsed , and the modern age began .
Societies that tried to control information became uncompetitive , and with the collapse of the Soviet Union it seemed that democratic liberal capitalism had won .
But now , TC has placed at risk the priceless inheritance that Gutenberg left us .
Electronic books , once published , will be vulnerable ; the courts can order them to be unpublished and the TC infrastructure will do the dirty work .
The Soviet Union attempted to register and control all typewriters and fax machines .
TC similarly attempts to register and control all computers .
The problem is that everything is becoming computerised .
We have absolutely no idea where ubiquitous content control mechanisms will lead us .
12 . Scary stuff .
But ca n't you just turn it off ?
Sure - unless your system administrator configures your machine in such a way that TC is mandatory , you can always turn it off .
You can then run your PC as before , and use insecure applications .
There is one small problem , though .
If you turn TC off , Fritz wo n't hand out the keys you need to decrypt your files and run your bank account .
Your TC - enabled apps wo n't work as well , or maybe at all .
It will be like switching from Windows to Linux nowadays ; you may have more freedom , but end up having less choice .
If the TC apps are more attractive to most people , or are more profitable to the app vendors , you may end up simply having to use them - just as many people have to use Microsoft Word because all their friends and colleagues send them documents in Microsoft Word .
By 2008 , you may find that the costs of turning TC off are simply intolerable .
This has some interesting implications for national security .
At a TCG symposium in Berlin , I put it this way : in 2010 President Clinton may have two red buttons on her desk - one that sends the missiles to China , and another that turns off all the PCs in China - and guess which the Chinese will fear the most ?
( At this point , a heckler from the audience said , ` What about the button that turns off the PCs in Europe ? ')
This may be an exaggeration , but it 's only a slight one .
Technology policy and power politics have been intertwined since the Roman empire , and prudent rulers cannot disregard the strategic implications of TC .
It would be rather inconvenient for a government to have to switch all its systems from Windows to GNU / linux , and at the height of an international crisis .
13 .
So politics and economics are going to be significant here ?
Exactly .
The biggest profits in IT goods and services markets tend to go to companies that can establish platforms and control compatibility with them , so as to manage the markets in complementary products .
A very topical example comes from computer printers .
Since the Xerox N24 appeared in 1996 , printer makers have been putting authentication chips in ink cartridges , so that printers can recognise third - party or refilled cartridges and refuse to work with them .
Cartridge tying is now leading to trade conflict between the USA and Europe .
In the USA , a court has granted Lexmark an injunction preventing the sale of cartridges with chips that interoperate with Lexmark 's printers .
Meanwhile , the European Commission has adopted a Directive on waste electrical and electronic equipment which will force member states to outlaw , by the end of 2007 , the circumvention of EU recycling rules by companies who design products with chips to ensure that they can not be recycled .
This is not just a printer issue .
Some mobile phone vendors use embedded authentication chips to check that the phone battery is a genuine part rather than a clone .
The Sony Playstation 2 uses similar authentication to ensure that memory cartridges were made by Sony rather than by a low - price competitor .
The Microsoft Xbox is no different .
But up until now , everyone who wanted to engage in product tying had to come up with his own hardware technology .
This could be cheap for hardware product vendors , but was too expensive for most software companies .
TC will enable application software vendors to engage in product tying and similar business strategies to their hearts ' content .
As the application vendor will control the security policy server , he can dictate the terms under which anyone else 's software will be able to interoperate with his own .
In the old days , software innovation was fast and furious because there were millions of PCs out there , with data in formats that were understood .
So if you thought up a cool new way to manipulate address books , you could write an app that would deal with the half - dozen formats common in PCs , PDAs and phones , and you were in business : you had millions of potential clients .
In the future , the owners of these formats will be very strongly tempted to lock them down using TC ( `for your privacy ' ) and charge third parties rental to access them .
This will be bad for innovation .
It 's possible because the app policy server enforces arbitrary rules about which other applications will be allowed to use the files a TC app creates .
So a successful TC application will be worth much more money to the software company that controls it , as they can rent out access to their interfaces for whatever the market will bear .
So most software developers will enable their applications for TC ; and if Windows is the first operating system to support TC , it in turn will get a further competitive advantage over GNU / Linux and MacOS with the developer community .
14 .
But hang on , does n't the law give people a right to reverse engineer interfaces for compatibility ?
Yes , and this is very important to the functioning of IT goods and services markets ; see Samuelson and Scotchmer , `` The Law and Economics of Reverse Engineering , '' Yale Law Journal , May 2002 , 1575 - 1663 .
In Europe , the EU Software Directive allows EU companies to reverse engineer their competitors ' products in order to produce compatible , competing products .
But such laws in most cases just give you the right to try , not to succeed .
Back when compatibility meant messing around with file formats , there was a real contest - when Word and Word Perfect were fighting for dominance , each tried to read the other 's files and make it hard for the other to read its own .
But with TC that game is over ; without access to the keys , you 've had it .
Locking competitors out of application file formats was one of the motivations for TC : see a post by Lucky Green , and go to his talk at Def Con to hear more .
It 's a tactic that 's spreading beyond the computer world .
Congress is getting upset at carmakers using data format lockout to stop their customers getting repairs done at independent dealers .
And the Microsoft folk say they want TC everywhere , even in your watch .
The economic consequences could be globally significant .
15 . Ca n't TC be broken ?
The early versions will be vulnerable to anyone with the tools and patience to crack the hardware ( e.g. , get clear data on the bus between the CPU and the Fritz chip ) .
However , in a few years , the Fritz chip may disappear inside the main processor - let 's call it the ` Hexium ' - and things will get a lot harder .
Really serious , well funded opponents will still be able to crack it .
But it 's likely to go on getting more difficult and expensive .
Also , in many countries , cracking Fritz will be illegal .
In the USA the Digital Millennium Copyright Act already does this , while in the EU we will have to deal with the EU Copyright Directive and ( if it passes ) the draft enforcement directive .
( In some countries , the implementation of the Copyright Directive already makes cryptography research technically illegal . )
Also , in many products , compatibility control is already being mixed quite deliberately with copyright control .
The Sony Playstation 's authentication chips also contain the encryption algorithm for DVD , so that reverse engineers can be accused of circumventing a copyright protection mechanism and hounded under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
The situation is likely to be messy - and that will favour large firms with big legal budgets .
16 .
What 's the overall economic effect likely to be ?
The content industries may gain a bit from cutting music copying - expect Sir Michael Jagger to get very slightly richer .
But I expect the most significant economic effect will be to strengthen the position of incumbents in information goods and services markets at the expense of new entrants .
This may mean a rise in the market cap of firms like Intel , Microsoft and IBM - but at the expense of innovation and growth generally .
Eric von Hippel documents how most of the innovations that spur economic growth are not anticipated by the manufacturers of the platforms on which they are based ; and technological change in the IT goods and services markets is usually cumulative .
Giving incumbents new ways to make life harder for people trying to develop novel uses for their products is a bad idea .
By centralising economic power , TC will favour large companies over small ones ; and TC apps will enable large companies to capture more of the spillover from their economic activities , as with the car companies forcing car - owners to have their maintenance done at authorised dealerships .
As most employment growth occurs in the small to medium business sector , this could have consequences for unemployment .
There may also be distinct regional effects .
For example , many years of government sponsorship have made Europe 's smartcard industry strong , at the cost of crowding out other technological innovation in the region .
Senior industry people to whom I have spoken anticipate that once the second phase of TC puts the Fritz functionality in the main processor , this will hammer smartcard sales .
Senior TC company people have admitted to me that displacing smartcards from the authentication token market is one of their business goals .
Many of the functions that smartcard makers want you to do with a card will instead be done in the Fritz chips of your laptop , your PDA and your mobile phone .
If this industry is killed off by TC , Europe could be a significant net loser .
Other large sections of the information security industry may also become casualties .
17 . Who else will lose ?
There will be many places where existing business processes break down in ways that allow copyright owners to extract new rents .
For example , I recently applied for planning permission to turn some agricultural land that we own into garden ; to do this , we needed to supply our local government with six copies of a 1:1250 map of the field .
In the old days , everyone just got a map from the local library and photocopied it .
Now , the maps are on a server in the library , with copyright control , and you can get a maximum of four copies of any one sheet .
For an individual , that 's easy enough to circumvent : buy four copies today and send a friend along tomorrow for the extra two .
But businesses that use a lot of maps will end up paying more money to the map companies .
This may be a small problem ; mutiply it a thousandfold to get some idea of the effect on the overall economy .
The net transfers of income and wealth are likely , once more , to be from small firms to large and from new firms to old .
One well - known UK lawyer said that copyright law is only tolerated because it is not enforced against the vast majority of petty infringers .
And there will be some particularly high - profile hard - luck cases .
I expect that copyright regulations due out later this year in Britain will deprive the blind of the fair - use right to use their screen scraper software to read e-books .
Normally , a bureaucratic stupidity like this might not matter much , as people would just ignore it , and the police would not be idiotic enough to prosecute anybody .
But if the copyright regulations are enforced by hardware protection mechanisms that are impractical to break , then the blind may lose out seriously .
( There are many other marginal groups under similar threat . )
18 . Ugh .
What else ?
TC will undermine the General Public License ( GPL ) , under which many free and open source software products are distributed .
The GPL is designed to prevent the fruits of communal voluntary labour being hijacked by private companies for profit .
Anyone can use and modify software distributed under this licence , but if you distribute a modified copy , you must make it available to the world , together with the source code so that other people can make subsequent modifications of their own .
IBM and HP have apparently started work on a TC - enhanced version of GNU / linux .
This will involve tidying up the code and removing a number of features .
To get an evaluation certificate acceptable to TCG , the sponsor will then have to submit the pruned code to an evaluation lab , together with a mass of documentation showing why various known attacks on the code do n't work .
( The evaluation is at level EAL3 - expensive enough to keep out the free software community , yet lax enough for most commercial software vendors to have a chance to get their lousy code through . )
Although the modified program will be covered by the GPL , and the source code will be free to everyone , it will not work in the TC ecosystem unless you have a certificate for it that is specific to the Fritz chip on your own machine .
That is what will cost you money ( if not at first , then eventually ) .
You will still be free to make modifications to the modified code , but you wo n't be able to get a certificate that gets you into the shiny new TC world .
Something similar happens with the linux supplied by Sony for the Playstation 2 ; the console 's copy protection mechanisms prevent you from running an altered binary , and from using a number of the hardware features .
Even if a philanthropist does a not - for - profit secure GNU / linux , the resulting product would not really be a GPL version of a TC operating system , but a proprietary operating system that the philanthropist could give away free .
( There is still the question of who would pay for the user certificates . )
People believed that the GPL made it impossible for a company to come along and steal code that was the result of community effort .
This helped make people willing to give up their spare time to write free software for the communal benefit .
But TC changes that .
Once the majority of PCs on the market are TC - enabled , the GPL wo n't work as intended .
The benefit for Microsoft is not that this will destroy free software directly .
The point is this : once people realise that even GPL 'led software can be hijacked for commercial purposes , idealistic young programmers will be much less motivated to write free software .
19 .
I can see that some people will get upset about this .
And there are many other political issues - the transparency of processing of personal data enshrined in the EU data protection directive ; the sovereignty issue of whether copyright regulations will be written by national governments , as at present , or an application developer in Portland or Redmond ; whether TC will be used by Microsoft as a means of killing off Apache ; and whether people will be comfortable about the idea of having their PCs operated , in effect , under remote control - control that could be usurped by courts or by government agencies without their knowledge .
20 .
But hang on , is n't TC illegal under antitrust law ?
In the USA , maybe not .
Intel has honed a `platform leadership ' strategy , in which they lead industry efforts to develop technologies that will make the PC more useful , such as the PCI bus and USB .
Their modus operandi is described in a book by Gawer and Cusumano .
Intel sets up a consortium to share the development of the technology , has the founder members put some patents into the pot , publishes a standard , gets some momentum behind it , then licenses it to the industry on the condition that licensees in turn cross-license any interfering patents of their own , at zero cost , to all consortium members .
The positive view of this strategy was that Intel grew the overall market for PCs ; the dark side was that they prevented any competitor achieving a dominant position in any technology that might have threatened their dominance of the PC hardware .
Thus ,
Intel could not afford for IBM 's microchannel bus to prevail , not just as a competing nexus of the PC platform but also because IBM had no interest in providing the bandwidth needed for the PC to compete with high - end systems .
The effect in strategic terms is somewhat similar to the old Roman practice of demolishing all dwellings and cutting down all trees close to their roads or their castles .
No competing structure may be allowed near Intel 's platform ; it must all be levelled into a commons .
But a nice , orderly , well - regulated commons : interfaces should be `open but not free ' .
This consortium approach has evolved into a highly effective way of skirting antitrust law .
So far , the FTC and the Department of Justice do not seem to have been worried about such consortia - so long as the standards are open and accessible to all companies .
They may need to become slightly more sophisticated .
As for Europe , the law does explicitly cover consortia , and is being tightened up .
There was a conference on TC in Berlin , organised by the German ministry for economics and labour , which heard speakers from the pro- and anti-TC camps state their cases .
If you read German , there is a very thorough analysis of the competition policy aspects by Professor Christian Koenig ; the executive summary is that TC appears to break European competition law on a number of grounds .
Standards groups are allowed as an exemption to cartel law only if they 're non-binding , open and non-discriminatory .
TCG is n't .
It discriminates against non-members ; its high membership fees make it hard for small businesses to join ; and its use of paid rather than free licensing discriminates against free software .
There are also many issues with market power and market interdependence .
The EU is about to find Microsoft guilty of trying to extend its monopoly in PCs to servers by keeping interfaces obscure .
If interfaces can be locked down by TC mechanisms , that will be worse .
TC may also enable Microsoft to extend its monopoly in operating systems to the provision of online music services , or to mobile phone software .
However , law is one thing , and enforcement another .
By the end of 2003 , the EU should have convicted Microsoft of anti-competitive behaviour over Netscape and over server interfaces .
This judgement will come too late to restore Netscape to life or create competition in the browser market .
By the time the EU gets round to convicting Microsoft over TC , it will be 2008 .
By then our society may be addicted to TC , and it may not be politically possible to do anything effective .
21 . When is TC going to hit the streets ?
It has .
The version 1.0 specification was published in 2000 .
Atmel is already selling a Fritz chip , and you have been able to buy it installed in the IBM Thinkpad series of laptops since May 2002 .
Some of the existing features in Windows XP and the X - Box are TC features : for example , if you change your PC configuration more than a little , you have to re-register all your software with Redmond .
Also , since Windows 2000 , Microsoft has been working on certifying all device drivers : if you try to load an unsigned driver , XP will complain .
The Enterprise Rights Management stuff is shipping with Windows Server 2003 .
There is also growing US government interest in the technical standardisation process .
TC developers ' kits will be available in October 2003 , or so we 're told .
The train is rolling .
22 . What 's TORA BORA ?
This seems to have been an internal Microsoft joke : see the Palladium announcement .
The idea is that ` Trusted Operating Root Architecture ' ( Palladium ) will stop the ` Break Once Run Anywhere ' attack , by which they mean that pirated content , once unprotected , can be posted to the net and used by anyone .
It will do so by traitor tracing - the technology of ubiquitous censorship .
They seem to have realised since then that this joke might just be in bad taste .
At a talk on traitor tracing I attended on the 10th July 2002 at Microsoft Research , the slogan had changed to ` BORE - resistance ' , where BORE standards for ` Break Once Run Everywhere ' .
( By the way , the speaker there described copyright watermarking as `content screening ' , a term that used to refer to stopping minors seeing pornography : the PR machine is obviously twitching !
He also told us that it would not work unless everyone used a trusted operating system .
When I asked him whether this meant getting rid of linux he replied that linux users would have to be made to use content screening . )
23 .
But is n't PC security a good thing ?
The question is : security for whom ?
You might prefer not to have to worry about viruses , but TC wo n't fix that : viruses exploit the way software applications ( such as Microsoft Office and Outlook ) use scripting .
You might get annoyed by spam , but that wo n't get fixed either .
( Microsoft claimed that it will be fixed , by filtering out all unsigned messages - but you can already configure mail clients to filter out mail from people you do n't know and putting it in a folder you scan briefly once a day . )
You might be worried about privacy , but TC wo n't fix that ; almost all privacy violations result from the abuse of authorised access , and TC will increase the incentives for companies to collect and trade personal data on you .
The medical insurance company that requires you to consent to your data being shared with your employer and with anyone else they can sell it to , is n't going to stop just because their PCs are now officially `secure ' .
On the contrary , they are likely to sell it even more widely once computers are called `trusted computers ' .
Economists call this a `social choice trap ' .
Making something slightly less dangerous , or making it appear less dangerous , often causes people to use it more , or use it carelessly , so that the overall harm increases .
The classic example is that Volvo drivers have more accidents .
A mildly charitable view of TC was put forward by the late Roger Needham who directed Microsoft 's research in Europe : there are some applications in which you want to constrain the user 's actions .
For example , you want to stop people fiddling with the odometer on a car before they sell it .
Similarly , if you want to do DRM on a PC then you need to treat the user as the enemy .
Seen in these terms , TC does not so much provide security for the user as for the PC vendor , the software supplier , and the content industry .
They do not add value for the user , but destroy it .
They constrain what you can do with your PC in order to enable application and service vendors to extract more money from you .
This is the classic definition of an exploitative cartel - an industry agreement that changes the terms of trade so as to diminish consumer surplus .
24 . So why is this called ` Trusted Computing ' ?
I do n't see why I should trust it at all !
It 's almost an in - joke .
In the US Department of Defense , a `trusted system or component ' is defined as `one which can break the security policy ' .
This might seem counter - intuitive at first , but just stop to think about it .
The mail guard or firewall that stands between a Secret and a Top Secret system can - if it fails - break the security policy that mail should only ever flow from Secret to Top Secret , but never in the other direction .
It is therefore trusted to enforce the information flow policy .
Or take a civilian example : suppose you trust your doctor to keep your medical records private .
This means that he has access to your records , so he could leak them to the press if he were careless or malicious .
You do n't trust me to keep your medical records , because I do n't have them ; regardless of whether I like you or hate you , I can't do anything to affect your policy that your medical records should be confidential .
Your doctor can , though ; and the fact that he is in a position to harm you is really what is meant ( at a system level ) when you say that you trust him .
You may have a warm feeling about him , or you may just have to trust him because he is the only doctor on the island where you live ; no matter , the DoD definition strips away these fuzzy , emotional aspects of `trust ' ( that can confuse people ) .
During the late 1990s , as people debated government control over cryptography , Al Gore proposed a ` Trusted Third Party ' - a service that would keep a copy of your decryption key safe , just in case you ( or the FBI , or the NSA ) ever needed it .
The name was derided as the sort of marketing exercise that saw the Russian colony of East Germany called the ` German Democratic Republic ' .
But it really does chime with DoD thinking .
A Trusted Third Party is a third party that can break your security policy .
25 . So a ` Trusted Computer ' is a computer that can break my security ?
That 's a polite way of putting it .
Ross Anderson
Further reading ( roughly in chronological order from July 2002 onwards )
I spoke in public about TC on the 2nd July in Berlin at the " Trusted Computing Group " Symposium ; then in Brussels on the 8th July at an event organised by DG Infosoc ; then on the 14th July at PODC ; then at the Helsinki IPR workshop in August .
I 'm sure there will be many more .
Meanwhile , a version of my economic study of TC has appeared a special issue of Upgrade that deals with IP and computing issues ( June 2003 ) .
A longer version of the paper deals in detail with many of the issues raised here about competition policy .
Ross Anderson
Cambridge , England
Leave a Comment and Tell Us What You Think ?
Could it be Cell Phones ?
( OrganicJar ) Brain tumors in young men and women are the leading cause of cancer death in the UK , according to research .
They kill more men under 45 and women under 35 than any other cancer , reveals Brain Tumor Research .
And brain tumors have overtaken leukaemia as the biggest cancer killer of children in the UK , with the number of children dying from a brain tumor in 2007 , up 33 % on 2001 .
Brain tumors cannot be prevented because their cause is still unknown , medical experts say , explaining that research is being " forgotten " and desperately underfunded .
There has been concern in recent years that the use of mobile phones might be contributing to illness .
" What is happening is that more tumors are being diagnosed , but the survival rate is staying the same , " a BTR spokeswoman told Sky News Online .
Brain tumor research currently receives less than 1 % of all cancer research spent in the UK .
That works out annually at £ 3 m , out of a total £ 426 m .
Now , a new research laboratory - funded entirely by individual donations - is being opened at London 's Charing Cross Hospital with the hope of finding ways to develop better treatment for brain tumors .
" The opening of the laboratory is an important first step , but is just a drop in the ocean of what is needed , " said BTR chairman , Wendy Fulcher .
Consultant Neurosurgeon and lecturer and Imperial College Kevin O'Neill said : " Brain tumors can afflict anyone of us , increasingly the younger section of the population which has led to brain tumors causing the biggest reduction in expected lifespan than any other cancer .
" They can't be prevented or screened for as we do n't know the cause .
It is frustrating that treatment options are so limited .
More research is desperately needed , but we are struggling to get funds .
" Source : news.sky.com
Your action in releasing Megrahi is as inexplicable as it is detrimental to the cause of justice .
Indeed your action makes a mockery of the rule of law .
Your action gives comfort to terrorists around the world who now believe that regardless of the quality of the investigation , the conviction by jury after the defendant is given all due process , and sentence appropriate to the crime , the terrorist will be freed by one man 's exercise of '' compassion ' ' .
Your action rewards a terrorist even though he never admitted to his role in this act of mass murder and even though neither he nor the government of Libya ever disclosed the names and roles of others who were responsible .
The predator - prey relationship has produced all sorts of novel defenses , from animals that load themselves with toxins to others that have evolved the appearance of a toxic species but actually do n't produce toxins themselves .
In today 's issue of Science , a paper describes a form of camouflage that specifically targets the ability of bats to hunt via echolocation : some species of tiger moths can apparently emit ultrasonic chirps that jam the bat 's ability to zero in on it .
But before the moths could use the chirps for jamming bat signals , they first evolved them for other purposes .
There are a number of species of tiger moths , and many have an organ called a tymbal that allows them to emit noises in the ultrasonic range used by many species of bat to locate potential prey .
In at least some cases , the noises act in a similar manner to the bright coloration adopted by many species that produce toxins : they warn predators off .
Bright colors wo n't work to warn an animal that hunts in the dark without relying on vision , so moths that produced toxins clearly needed an alternate way of alerting bats that they would n't make a good meal .
Producing noises in a frequency range that the bats were clearly paying attention to provides an obvious solution .
But the authors of the new paper note that past research has shown that the use of tymbals is widespread among tiger moth species , the production of toxins less so .
Two alternate explanations had been offered : the chirps from non -toxic species might startle the bats , or it could serve to jam their navigation .
The authors note that the three explanations — warning , startling , and jamming — should produce different patterns of predation .
Bats raised in captivity should eat a few toxic moths before avoiding them , producing a downwward curve of predation .
Since animals habituate to being startled , that should produce an ascending predation curve .
Jamming , in contrast , should stay at a steady , low state , since it would presumably take a while for bats to learn to cope with it .
The researchers chose a tiger moth species ( Bertholdia trigona ) that was thought not to be toxic , and an unrelated species known to be eaten by bats .
They used captive big brown bats , an insectivore that overlaps with these species in their range in North and Central America .
The moths were tethered , and the bats let in to the room to hunt on nine consecutive nights .
For unknown reasons , about a quarter of the bats never bothered with the tiger moths , even when the tymbal was damaged , and so were excluded from the study .
The rest happily ate them at rates similar to the control species .
The rates of feeding remained constant throughout the experiment , which is contrary to the prediction of either the warning or the startling models .
But the authors also found some positive evidence for the jamming model .
Rates of successful hunts of moths with intact tymbals were only about a quarter of the rates seen when the tymbal was damaged .
Tracking the animal 's hunting patterns in the room shows that , as animals approached a jamming tiger moth , they frequently wound up resetting their approach - track - terminal hunting pattern , going back from tracking a moth to approaching it , or from the terminal attack to tracking .
The authors suggest that the tymbal was probably adapted for warning the bats off a toxic species before becoming specialized for jamming the bats ' echolocation .
We see that sort of pattern in many cases when it comes to visual signals exchanged among predators and prey .
Still , it 's fascinating to that what works visually can also function just as effectively in the dark .
Science , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1174096
Listing image by Nickolay Hristov
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Human Rights
Watch has accused Iran 's volunteer Basij militia of carrying out night - time raids , destroying property in private homes and beating civilians .
The New York - based group says the raids are an attempt to stop the nightly rooftop chants against the government .
It also says satellite dishes are being confiscated to stop people from watching foreign news .
Meanwhile , on state TV , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad again attacked what he said was US and European meddling .
And Iranian media reported that the public relations chief of opposition candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi had been banned from leaving the country .
Abolfazl Fateh , who was preparing to travel to the UK to work on his doctorate , told Reuters news agency that he was restricted for his role in post-election developments .
Trashing streets Witnesses say the Basijis are trashing entire streets ... to stop the nightly rooftop chants
Sarah Leah Whitson
Human Rights Watch
Profile : Basij militia force
After being banned from taking to the streets , opposition protesters in Tehran have been chanting anti-government slogans from their rooftops and balconies in the last few days , starting every evening at 2200 local time .
But Human Rights
Watch has now complained that members of the Basij militia have been raiding houses to stop the protests .
" Witnesses are telling us that the Basijis are trashing entire streets and even neighbourhoods as well as individual homes trying to stop the nightly rooftop protest chants , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director , in a statement posted on the group 's website .
Videos have also been posted on the internet of the aftermath of the raids , showing damage to satellite dishes .
A man interviewed on the video - which the BBC did not shoot , but which appears to be authentic - said he could not complain to the police because they too were involved in the violence .
Some 17 people are thought to have died in street protests in the past two weeks , and Tehran has imposed severe restrictions on journalists and the internet .
' No meddling '
The latest developments come a day after US President Barack Obama praised the bravery of protesters in the face of " outrageous " violence .
President Ahmadinejad hit back at Mr Obama on Saturday , repeating his call not to interfere in Iranian affairs .
He said that if European and American officials believed they could affect the way that Iran 's government went about its business , they were wrong .
The Iranian authorities are consistently blaming foreigners for what has happened in Tehran , and have accused Mr Mousavi of being in league with them , the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Tehran says .
Mr Mousavi has called for an annulment of the 12 June presidential vote because of " election rigging " .
Iran 's powerful Guardian Council is due to give its final ruling on the election on Sunday , but a spokesman on Friday already insisted there had been no election fraud .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Secondo quanto dichiara l'azienda di smartphone finlandese , con il nuovo Nokia Booklet 3G la mobilità della telefonia arriva nel mondo dei PC .
Parliamo del primo computer netbook proposto da Nokia .
Votato alla connettività , integra CPU
Atom ed ha autonomia pari a 12 ore .
Dopo oltre 25 anni da pioniere e leader nel settore della telefonia mobile , Nokia porta il suo patrimonio di conoscenza della mobilità anche nel mondo dei PC con il nuovo Nokia Booklet 3G , con sistema operativo Windows .
Dotato dell ’efficiente processore Atom di Intel , il Nokia Booklet 3G offre ottime prestazioni grazie anche alla durata della batteria di oltre 12 ore , che permette alle persone di dimenticarsi del caricabatteria rimanendo comunque sempre connesse e produttive .
Il nuovo mini–laptop racchiude la ricca e completa esperienza di un PC in un sottile telaio in alluminio ultraleggero dal peso di 1,25 chilogrammi e uno spessore di circa due centimetri , ed è dotato di tutte quelle caratteristiche che ci si aspetta dall ’azienda leader nel mondo delle soluzioni mobili .
Una vasta gamma di opzioni per la connettività – incluse 3G / HSPA e Wi -Fi – permette l’accesso ad Internet ad alta velocità , inclusa l’ampia gamma dei servizi Ovi di Nokia , consentendo di sfruttare al massimo ogni momento e ogni occasione .
“ Un sempre crescente numero di persone vuole la potenza di un PC con tutti i vantaggi della mobilità ” afferma Kai Oistamo , Nokia ’s Executive Vice President for Devices .
“ Connecting People è da sempre la nostra vocazione e il nostro business e il Nokia Booklet 3G per noi è un’evoluzione naturale .
Nokia ha una lunga e consolidata esperienza nel settore della mobilità : con una durata della batteria senza precedenti , un design di alto livello e la possibilità di essere sempre connessi , abbiamo creato qualcosa di veramente speciale , che renderà il personal computer più social , più utile e più personale ” .
Il mini-laptop è anche dotato di una porta HDMI per l’alta definizione video , una fotocamera frontale per le video chiamate , Bluetooth integrato e un lettore SD card facilmente accessibile .
Fra le altre eccezionali caratteristiche , offre un display in vetro da 10 pollici HD ready e l’A - GPS integrato che , interagendo con i gadget Ovi Maps , può individuare in pochi secondi la propria posizione e far vivere all ’utente il mondo delle mappe come una vera e propria esperienza personale .
Il Nokia Booklet 3G permette anche altre ricche esperienze del mondo
Ovi , come l’accesso a milioni di tracce musicali attraverso il Nokia Music Store e l’utilizzo della suite
Ovi per sincronizzare senza cavi i propri contenuti dal proprio smartphone al mini – laptop attraverso Internet .
Il Nokia Booklet 3G amplia il portfolio dei prodotti Nokia , rispondendo alle esigenze degli operatori e aggiungendo un altro importante tassello nella strategia di Nokia come azienda di soluzioni mobili .
Ulteriori informazioni , incluse caratteristiche dettagliate , la disponibilità sul mercato e il prezzo verranno rese note nel corso del Nokia World il prossimo 2 settembre .
Al momento sembrano esserci tre varianti per la colorazione della scocca : grigio , nero e azzurro .
Tutti metallizzati .
Sbaglio o il Booklet 3G ricorda vagamente , almeno esteticamente parlando , i MacBook ?
Concludo riportando il video ufficiale di Nokia relativo alla presentazione del Booklet 3G .
Visionando la clip possiamo dedurre che il sistema operativo utilizzato sarà Windows 7 , quasi certamente , purtroppo , senza Aero Glass ...
Apple recently banned all iPhone applications based on Google Voice , this will certainly add some friction between the two “ frenemies ” as their competing interests grow more acute .
It is likely not Apple ’s fault but more than likely reflects the will of AT&T .
AT&T can threaten to revoke Apple ’s iPhone subsidy if Apple does n’t adhere to its wishes .
The Google Voice app on the iPhone would have enabled customers to send and receive free SMS and access visual voicemail while bypassing AT&T ’s voice network and associated fees .
Within a matter of months or weeks , AT&T ’s SMS ( short text messages ) cash cow could have taken a serious hit .
The Google voice app could have also become a compelling remedy to the Visual Voicemail issues that AT&T has been experiencing .
Question :
Why does it cost so much to send text messages which employ a single “ one way ” communication mechanism , uses little network bandwidth — yet it ’s free to download a full HD movie on a Wi -Fi Network ?
It is certainly not a technological issue but rather one of convenience .
SMS is much more convenient , has less friction and is often a more efficient way to communicate instead of using voice .
Like Twitter and e-mail , it ’s asynchronous yet these services are free !
For now , you can still access Google Voice services on your iPhone by going http://voice.google.com.
You can send FREE SMS messages , but since web pages do n’t support push notification you ’ll have to refresh to see new in - coming messages .
I will anticipate that Google will eventually use some of their AJAX mojo to enable auto - refresh for receiving SMS messages .
Matthew C. Beighey should get a lot of ironic extra credit points in his computer class , but will probably spend time in a juvenile detention facility instead , for writing an application to shut teachers out of their grading system .
This was not the first time Matthew had been in trouble for computer - related mischief .
Last Fall , he accessed school files containing Social Security numbers , driver 's license numbers , home addresses , and other data on past and present transportation employees .
Matthew 's program logged into the grading system as a teacher and entered a false password three times , making it impossible for teachers to get into the system .
" If I log on with an incorrect password three times , it locks me out , " said District spokeswoman Kelly DeFeciani .
I am–this movie makes me think , “ ya know maybe there ’s hope for you . ”
As a directionless individual who picked up food blogging because food was the only thing was passionate about , I feel like this movie was made for me .
Not to overanalyze , but I think we can all get something from it … if not at least it looks to be vaguely entertaining .
August 7th !
Share this :
Share
Tweet
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) --
A married Chinese businessman who could no longer afford five mistresses held a competition to decide which one to keep .
The businessman and his spurned mistress met in Qingdao , pictured here last August , local media report .
But the contest took a fatal turn when one of the women , eliminated for her looks , drove the man and the four other competitors off a cliff , Chinese media reported .
The spurned mistress died and the other passengers were injured , the reports said .
Police initially thought the car had plummeted off a mountain road in eastern China on December 6 by accident .
Then they learned of the contest through a letter the dead woman had left behind , the Shanghai Daily newspaper said .
The 29 - year - old woman , identified only as Yu , was a waitress when she met the businessman at a restaurant in the coastal city of Qingdao in 2000 .
At the time , the businessman , identified only by his last name -- Fan -- was married and had four other mistresses , according to the Peninsula Metropolis Daily newspaper in Qingdao .
The women knew of one another , but none elected to break up with the man and give up their rent - free apartment and a 5,000 yuan ( $ 730 ) monthly allowance , the reports said .
When the economy soured , the businessman apparently decided to let go of all but one mistress .
He staged a private talent show in May , without telling the women his intentions .
An instructor from a local modeling agency judged the women on the way they looked , how they sang and how much alcohol they could hold , the Shanghai Daily said .
The judge knocked out Yu in the first round of the competition based on her looks .
Angry , she decided to exact revenge by telling her lover and the four other women to accompany her on a sightseeing trip before she returned to her home province , the media reports said .
It was during the trip that Yu reportedly drove the car off the cliff .
Fan shut down his company after the crash and paid Yu's parents 580,000 yuan ( $ 84,744 ) as compensation for her death .
The four other women left him , as did his wife when she learned of the affairs .
Taiwan President Ma Ying - jeou said China must stop targeting the island with hundreds of missiles to extend the deepest thaw in relations in six decades .
" People feel uneasy if we go to the negotiating table on security issues while still under the threat of missile attack , " Ma , 59 , said in an interview yesterday in Taipei .
While ties with China are " good and getting better , " missiles are " very much on the mind " of the island 's people , he said .
China 's President Hu Jintao this week sent
Ma a congratulatory telegram on his election as chairman of the Kuomintang party , raising the prospect for an unprecedented meeting between the two leaders .
Ma said yesterday he 's in " no hurry " to meet with Hu , giving more priority to forging an economic agreement .
" A meeting with Hu is n't possible as Ma is also under tremendous domestic pressure , " said Andrew Yang , secretary - general of the Taipei - based Chinese Council for Advanced Policy Studies .
" The concern is Beijing may get impatient if Ma does n't respond to calls for talks on security or peace issues and there may be consequences . "
A summit with Hu , which would be the first encounter between leaders of the rival factions from China 's civil war six decades ago , is " ultra sensitive , " said Ma .
" We 're really just beginning , " Ma said , adding that direct flights and other agreements should have been made 10 years ago .
Bilateral trade had already reached US $ 130 billion before the flights were introduced .
The government expects a so - called Economic Cooperation Framework , or ECFA , trade pact to create 273,000 jobs and boost exports by between 4.87 percent and 4.99 percent .
Taiwan last month opened up 64 sectors in manufacturing , 25 in services and 11 public infrastructure projects to Chinese companies , giving investors from the mainland access to industries including automobiles , plastics , textiles , personal computers and handset manufacturing .
Gross domestic product shrank an unprecedented 10.24 percent in the first quarter of 2009 from a year earlier .
Taiwan 's exports fell for the 10th straight month in June as global demand for electronics tumbled , and the jobless rate climbed to a record .
Mainland Chinese tourists have taken more than 350,000 trips to Taiwan since a travel ban was lifted a year ago , China 's state - run Xinhua News Agency reported in June .
Opening to mainland investment needs to proceed cautiously because of the danger that Taiwan business could be swamped by Chinese money , Ma said .
Foundries and the liquid - crystal - display and telecommunications industries remain closed .
The restriction has prevented China Mobile Ltd. 's plan to buy a 12 percent stake in Taiwan 's Far EasTone Telecommunications Co .
Ma said deepening economic ties would be inevitable , even should the opposition Democratic Progressive Party be re-elected .
" This is something that nobody can prevent , " Ma said .
" The DPP knows that very well and if they came to power , they would do the same thing , " he said , adding that Taiwanese investment in China tripled from US $ 30 billion under the eight years of a DPP administration .
" If people can make money in the mainland they will go , no matter how hard you try to stop them . "
" The Taiwan Strait could be the beginning of a bigger conflict , that 's the reason why everybody is happy when we adopted the policy to ease that tension , " Ma said .
" I think mainland China also appreciates that very much . "
China must remove its missile threat before any peace deal is possible , Ma said .
China continues to increase the number of missiles aimed at Taiwan by about 100 a year , he said .
Bing users around the globe perform hundreds of millions of search queries every day .
These queries are diverse in many ways , from the intent the users are seeking to fulfill , to the languages and regions where these queries are issued .
To handle such a dynamic range of usage , AI models in Bing must continuously evolve and therefore Bing is the prime example of Microsoft AI at Scale .
This blog post introduces recent updates to Bing that are ...
Read More
Part of the glamour and fun of parenthood comes when your little darling keeps scratching his or her head .
On investigation , you discover ( oh joy ! ) that the light of your life has head lice .
Obviously , you want to get rid of them , as easily , quickly and cheaply as possible , and by killing the lice at no risk to your child or you .
Some of the chemicals used in treatments for head lice are pretty nasty .
There is the obvious fact that if they kill lice , they might not be terribly good for tender skin , and can be absorbed through the skin , too .
And a lot of them do n't work , or work partially , so a few weeks later , you once again have little parasites crawling around the head .
Nice !
Increasing immunity means that head lice treatment is getting tougher with chemicals .
But you do n't have to use the expensive , unreliable chemical head lice removal treatments .
With a little persistence , and little cost , you can get rid of them for good .
This article shows you how to treat the whole family for head lice without worrying about the effect of insecticides and pesticides contained in many over - the - counter creams , lotions , shampoos and treatments .
Israeli soldiers who served in the Gaza Strip during the offensive of December and January have spoken out about being ordered to shoot without hesitation , destroying houses and mosques with a general disregard for Palestinian lives .
In testimony that will fuel international and Arab demands for war crime investigations , 30 combat soldiers report that the army 's priority was to minimise its own casualties to maintain Israeli public support for the three - week Operation Cast Lead .
One specific allegation is that Palestinians were used by the army as " human shields " despite a 2005 Israeli high court ruling outlawing the practice .
" Not much was said about the issue of innocent civilians , " a soldier said .
" There was no need to use weapons like mortars or phosphorous , " said another .
" I have the feeling that the army was looking for the opportunity to show off its strength . "
The 54 anonymous testimonies were collated by Breaking the Silence , a group that collects information on human rights abuses by the Israeli military .
Many of the soldiers are still doing their compulsory national service .
Palestinians counted 1,400 dead but Israel put the death toll at 1,166 and estimated 295 fatalities were civilians .
Ten soldiers and three Israeli civilians were killed .
Israel launched the attack after the expiry of a ceasefire designed to halt rocket fire from Gaza and crush the Islamist movement Hamas , which controls the coastal strip .
Witnesses described the destruction of hundreds of houses and many mosques without military reason , the firing of phosphorous shells into inhabited areas , the killing of innocents and the indiscriminate destruction of property .
Soldiers describe a " neighbour procedure " in which Palestinian civilians were forced to enter suspect buildings ahead of troops .
They cite cases of civilians advancing in front of a soldier resting his rifle on the civilian 's shoulder .
" We did not get instructions to shoot at anything that moved , " said one soldier .
" But we were generally instructed : if you feel threatened , shoot .
They kept repeating to us that this is war and in war opening fire is not restricted . "
Many testimonies are in line with claims by Amnesty International and other human rights organisations that Israeli actions were indiscriminate and disproportionate .
Another soldier testified : " You feel like a stupid little kid with a magnifying glass looking at ants , burning them .
A 20 - year - old kid should not have to do these kinds of things to other people . "
The testimonies " expose significant gaps between the official army version of events and what really happened on the ground " , Breaking the Silence said .
" This is an urgent call to Israeli society and its leaders to sober up and investigate anew the results of our actions . "
Ehud Barak , Israel 's defence minister , said : " Criticism directed at the IDF ( Israel Defence Forces ) by one organisation or another is inappropriate and is directed at the wrong place .
The IDF is one of the most ethical armies in the world and acts in accordance with the highest moral code . "
An IDF spokesman told the Ha'aretz newspaper : " The IDF regrets the fact that a human rights organisation would again present to the country and the world a report containing anonymous , generalised testimony without checking the details or their reliability , and without giving the IDF , as a matter of minimal fairness , the opportunity to check the matters and respond to them before publication . "
An internal investigation by the Israeli military said troops fought lawfully although errors did take place , such as the deaths of 21 people in a house that had been wrongly targeted .
Please check your booking conditions
For bookings made on or after 6 April 2020 , we advise you to consider the risk of Coronavirus ( COVID - 19 ) and associated government measures .
If you do n’t book a flexible rate , you may not be entitled to a refund .
Your cancellation request will be handled by the property based on your chosen policy and mandatory consumer law , where applicable .
During times of uncertainty , we recommend booking an option with free cancellation .
If your plans change , you can cancel free of charge until free cancellation expires .
Scientific Laws , Hypotheses , and Theories
By : Jerry Wilson
Lay people often misinterpret the language used by scientists .
And for that reason , they sometimes draw the wrong conclusions as to what the scientific terms mean .
Three such terms that are often used interchangeably are “ scientific law , ” “ hypothesis , ” and “ theory . ”
In layman ’s terms , if something is said to be “ just a theory , ” it usually means that it is a mere guess , or is unproved .
It might even lack credibility .
But in scientific terms , a theory implies that something has been proven and is generally accepted as being true .
Here is what each of these terms means to a scientist :
Scientific Law :
This is a statement of fact meant to explain , in concise terms , an action or set of actions .
It is generally accepted to be true and univseral , and can sometimes be expressed in terms of a single mathematical equation .
Scientific laws are similar to mathematical postulates .
They do n’t really need any complex external proofs ; they are accepted at face value based upon the fact that they have always been observed to be true .
Specifically , scientific laws must be simple , true , universal , and absolute .
They represent the cornerstone of scientific discovery , because if a law ever did not apply , then all science based upon that law would collapse .
Some scientific laws , or laws of nature , include the law of gravity , Newton ’s laws of motion , the laws of thermodynamics , Boyle ’s law of gases , the law of conservation of mass and energy , and Hook ’s law of elasticity .
Hypothesis :
This is an educated guess based upon observation .
It is a rational explanation of a single event or phenomenon based upon what is observed , but which has not been proved .
Most hypotheses can be supported or refuted by experimentation or continued observation .
Theory :
A theory is more like a scientific law than a hypothesis .
A theory is an explanation of a set of related observations or events based upon proven hypotheses and verified multiple times by detached groups of researchers .
One scientist cannot create a theory ; he can only create a hypothesis .
In general , both a scientific theory and a scientific law are accepted to be true by the scientific community as a whole .
Both are used to make predictions of events .
Both are used to advance technology .
In fact , some laws , such as the law of gravity , can also be theories when taken more generally .
The law of gravity is expressed as a single mathematical expression and is presumed to be true all over the universe and all through time .
Without such an assumption , we can do no science based on gravity ’s effects .
But from the law , we derived Einstein ’s General Theory of Relativity in which gravity plays a crucial role .
The basic law is intact , but the theory expands it to include various and complex situations involving space and time .
The biggest difference between a law and a theory is that a theory is much more complex and dynamic .
A law governs a single action , whereas a theory explains an entire group of related phenomena .
An analogy can be made using a slingshot and an automobile .
A scientific law is like a slingshot .
A slingshot has but one moving part–the rubber band .
If you put a rock in it and draw it back , the rock will fly out at a predictable speed , depending upon the distance the band is drawn back .
An automobile has many moving parts , all working in unison to perform the chore of transporting someone from one point to another point .
An automobile is a complex piece of machinery .
Sometimes , improvements are made to one or more component parts .
A new set of spark plugs that are composed of a better alloy that can withstand heat better , for example , might replace the existing set .
But the function of the automobile as a whole remains unchanged .
A theory is like the automobile .
Components of it can be changed or improved upon , without changing the overall truth of the theory as a whole .
Some scientific theories include the theory of evolution , the theory of relativity , the atomic theory , and the quantum theory .
All of these theories are well documented and proved beyond reasonable doubt .
Yet scientists continue to tinker with the component hypotheses of each theory in an attempt to make them more elegant and concise , or to make them more all - encompassing .
Theories can be tweaked , but they are seldom , if ever , entirely replaced .
A theory is developed only through the scientific method , meaning it is the final result of a series of rigorous processes .
Note that a theory never becomes a law unless it was very narrow to begin with .
Scientific laws must exist prior to the start of using the scientific method because , as stated earlier , laws are the foundation for all science .
Here is an oversimplified example of the development of a scientific theory :
Development of a Simple Theory by the Scientific Method :
Observation : Every swan I ’ve ever seen is white .
Every swan I ’ve ever seen is white .
Hypothesis :
All swans must be white .
All swans must be white .
Test : A random sampling of swans from each continent where swans are indigenous produces only white swans .
A random sampling of swans from each continent where swans are indigenous produces only white swans .
Publication : “ My global research has indicated that swans are always white , wherever they are observed . ”
“ My global research has indicated that swans are always white , wherever they are observed . ”
Verification : Every swan any other scientist has ever observed in any country has always been white .
Every swan any other scientist has ever observed in any country has always been white .
Theory :
All swans are white .
Prediction :
The next swan I see will be white .
Note , however , that although the prediction is useful , the theory does not absolutely prove that the next swan I see will be white .
Thus it is said to be falsifiable .
If anyone ever saw a black swan , the theory would have to be tweaked or thrown out .
( And yes , there are really black swans .
This example was just to illustrate the point . )
Real scientific theories must be falsifiable .
So - called “ theories ” based on religion , such as creationism or intelligent design are , therefore , not scientific theories .
They are not falsifiable and they do not follow the scientific method .
Saturday Night in Williamsburg - the hipster ’s are starting to look more like Taliban with their 12 inch beards and track bikes ( bikes without brakes . )
There is no stopping the influx of these pirates blindly plowing down Bedford , just hoping there will be no end to the hill , or a school bus driver forgetting to look both ways , mistaking their black American Apparel t- shirt for a trash bag blowing in the Williamsburg wind .
Is n’t text messaging while crossing the street hard enough ?
Yet , while in the face of the rumbling Boar ’s Head trucks barreling down the peripherals of Metropolitan we must now also be weary of the back up bassist of the self distributing “ we ’re going against the grain and releasing our music on cassette tape ” band ’s knee locking under skinny tight jean suffocation ?
If you hit me , I will break your frame .
At 11 pm , I enter Graham L- train station en-route to Morgan Avenue .
I descend underground amidst the crowds of wife - beater burnt “ Annie ” look - a- likes , realizing there is no sunscreen in Williamsburg - just drunken graphic designers discussing “ the third film from the director of ‘ 40 Year Old Virgin ’ and ‘ Knocked Up ” - their spandex stretched across saggy asses .
Going to the gym has gone out of style , but the head - to - toe tattoos will hopefully detract from “ Is anyone making art here ? ”
How could they ?
A 12 - hour - day at Beacon ’s Closet , sifting through all those smelly cowboy boots is a full time job .
Has every kid I beat up in science class been recruited for this army of ugliness ?
They swipe their Metro Cards over and over , but they have become too bent in their suction cup pockets , and god forbid they owned a purse - that would equate traditional female thought !
20 swipes later , I skip ahead as they retreat to the machine .
8 quarters later they have rejoined me on the tracks only to complain about this summer ’s L - Train service .
Imagine what it was like ten years ago - just be glad there is air conditioning .
They look at the rats on the tracks and give a look to say , “ They ’re still here ? ”
I spot the guy who ate the fetal pig in my science class !
I want to scream in his ear “ I cheated off you , ” instead I just puke and wonder how he got me that “ A , ” while he jams his goldilocks head up and down at the rats .
Fortunately , the rats are here to stay .
I ’m betting the rats will also keep away the snobby girls from Potomac Maryland who currently reside in that piece ‘o shit dormitory / apartment building in Murray Hill , then again I see a few of them wandering obviously lost to the world and to the stench .
I exit at Morgan Ave. to the onslaught of tweed hats posing in corners , hand rolling cigarettes , on the set of some faux movie- “ Mcarren Pool Parties Were My Life . ”
But the pool has been shut down , the party is over , and now they are left with drunken Saturday afternoon inflatables on hot tin roofs .
Simultaneously , the locals prepare to rob the wads of inheritance cash that are carefully lodged up their 200 dollar Brazilian Bikini waxes .
Yes , underneath those grass stained cut off jean shorts , beneath the Japanese tattoos , the Bumble and Bumble conditioned landing strips leading into 30 - year - old unused reproductive organs - therein lies the last remnants of a Connecticut Suburban upbringing - the deep seeded hope that maybe , just maybe one of these bar tenders will settle down , have children , and move back to Connecticut with a job in finance .
TS Eliot said it was ' the first , the longest and the best of modern English detective novels ' .
Audrey Niffenegger on why Wilkie Collins 's The Moonstone still thrills
The biggest cycling park in the UK has been granted planning permission – the A2 Activity Outdoor Community Sports Park at Gravesend in Kent – after receiving substantial backing from British Cycling and it is scheduled to be completed by 2012 .
The 43 - hectare woodland park will be three times bigger than the Olympic Velopark in Hackney which is sure to excite cycle fans .
Even more exciting is that British Cycling is i involved in rolling out more projects to deliver first class cycling facilities across the country as part of their four year plan for cycling and road.cc understands that these are likely to include more such cycle parks .
Planning permission for the world - class sporting facility was secured last week along with a grant of more than £ 600,000 from British Cycling for the scheme , and the Colyer Fergusson Charity , the trustees and owners of the largest portion of the park , gave their support and said they may be able to grant funds .
Kent County Council Project manager for the scheme Laurence Tricker said : “ We have had this vision of the possibility of using this land for cycling for many years , ever since the carriageways of the A2 Trunk road were moved southward .
“ Now that we have planning approval the first phase will start in 2010 and should be completed by March 2011 , and then the next phases should be completed in 2012 .
British Cycling have lent us their expertise on national facilities and helped with the design and have offered funding towards the scheme . ”
Key facilities include an all - weather Cycle Sports Circuit - for safe competitive speed , endurance traffic free road cycling , mountain bike routes , a 1800sq m community sports pavilion , international standard skateboard park – with the potential to host international events and providing world - class facilities , International standard BMX Park - with racetrack , trails and arena providing world - class facilities , technical riding area for developing different skill levels , and a natural play area and children 's cycle play area .
The Core Activity Area tarmac track will be a 2.8 km tarmac track , 6 metres wide on average , the track is broken down into four smaller tracks all of which can function at the same time or as many and varied combinations .
This means that training can be undertaken at the same time as races .
Mountain
Bike trails will run all over the park with discreet areas for different abilities , from the very young and beginners up to the very experienced who want a highly technical and challenging experience .
They will be segregated from the track by bridges and underpasses .
The centre of the core park will be the Pavilion building with café / restaurant , youth drop in and meeting facility , gym , cycle hire storage , British Cycling training centre , workshops , multi use space for dance / education / music and reception area .
It will have an outside terrace linking to gardens / seating areas with more gentle activities .
It will sit next to the tarmac track with trackside cycle preparation areas and a separate start building .
The Pavilion will lead seamlessly through a series of spaces to cross , by a bridge across the tarmac racing track into an external activity viewing hub with particular interest for youth but open to all .
It will look across the park with close proximity and integration to the BMX and skateboard performance and race areas .
It will also allow track side opportunities to view the mountain bike and tarmac track including a special ' freestyle area ' .
Top cyclist David Millar has also offered his support for the proposal : " The A2 Activity Park looks to be a fantastic initiative in the perfect location .
It is exactly what we need to be doing to encourage the youth to get on their bikes , both for finding bright new talent in the country and for the sheer enjoyment that cycling brings with it .
I wish the project every success . "
The facility will bring together local people and national sports bodies , such as British Cycling , British Triathlon , CTC , International Mountain Bike Association , Cycling Time Trials and the British Horse Society and local sports clubs .
Kent County Council has applied for £ 6,225,760 from Sport England ’s Sustainable Facilities Fund and the bid is matched by funds secured from the Homes and Community Agency , Kent County Council , and British Cycling totalling £ 5,300,723 in capital funds .
An Australian cricket supporter group has admitted responsibility for a fire - drill prank which forced the English team out of their hotel on the opening morning of the fourth Ashes Test .
Warren Livingston , head of the Fanatics , told The Sunday Telegraph that one of its 100 - member group had set the fire alarm off at the Radisson SAS Hotel in Leeds at 4.30 am , with the intention of disrupting the English team 's sleep .
Livingstone described the prank as " good old - fashioned Aussie hijinks " .
The " B " is where Blue Dog Adam Schiff is having his town hall tonight at the Alhambra Civic Center Library , 101 S. First Street
poor
Is this bill going to euthanize my grandmother ?
What are we talking about here ?
In the health - care debate mark - up , one of the things I talked about was that the most money spent on anyone is spent usually in the last 60 days of life and that 's because an individual is not in a capacity to make decisions for themselves .
So rather than getting into a situation where the government makes those decisions , if everyone had an end - of - life directive or what we call in Georgia " durable power of attorney , " you could instruct at a time of sound mind and body what you want to happen in an event where you were in difficult circumstances where you 're unable to make those decisions .
This has been an issue for 35 years .
All 50 states now have either durable powers of attorney or end - of - life directives and it's to protect children or a spouse from being put into a situation where they have to make a terrible decision as well as physicians from being put into a position where they have to practice defensive medicine because of the trial lawyers .
It 's just better for an individual to be able to clearly delineate what they want done in various sets of circumstances at the end of their life .
How did this become a question of euthanasia ?
I have no idea .
I understand -- and you have to check this out -- I just had a phone call where someone said Sarah Palin 's web site had talked about the House bill having death panels on it where people would be euthanized .
How someone could take an end of life directive or a living will as that is nuts .
You 're putting the authority in the individual rather than the government .
I do n't know how that got so mixed up .
You 're saying that this is not a question of government .
It 's for individuals .
It empowers you to be able to make decisions at a difficult time rather than having the government making them for you .
The policy here as I understand it is that Medicare would cover a counseling session with your doctor on end - of - life options .
Correct .
And it 's a voluntary deal .
It seems to me we 're having trouble conducting an adult conversation about death .
We pay a lot of money not to face these questions .
We prefer to experience the health - care system as something that just saves you , and if it does n't , something has gone wrong .
Over the last three - and - a - half decades , this legislation has been passed state - by - state , in part because of the tort issue and in part because of many other things .
It 's important for an individual to make those determinations while they 're of sound mind and body rather than no one making those decisions at all .
But this discussion has been going on for three decades .
Adding to a growing list of advertisers distancing themselves from controversial Fox News personality Glenn Beck , GEICO has pledged to re-direct their advertisements away from Beck 's program on the Fox News Channel .
The decision by GEICO comes on the heels of announcements made last week that LexisNexis - owned Lawyers.com , Procter & Gamble , Progressive Insurance and SC Johnson were distancing themselves from Beck after the news host called President Obama a " racist " who " has a deep - seated hatred for white people . "
" On Tuesday , August 4 , GEICO instructed its ad buying service to redistribute its inventory of rotational spots on FOX - TV to their other network programs , exclusive of the Glenn Beck program , " said a spokesperson for GEICO Corporate Communications in an email to ColorOfChange.org .
" As of August 4 , GEICO no longer runs any paid advertising spots during Mr. Beck 's program . "
What 's arich lobbyist and astro - turf specialist to do ?
I guess Tim Phillips can just spend all his time at Fox News -- where they swallow it whole .
Normal folks -- if not the frightened seniors who watch Hannity , Beck , Dobbs and O'Reilly -- are starting to wise up to the Republican tactics of disrupting the rational discussion of health care issues and fear - mongering .
An unserious and credibility - deficient Sarah Palin may be trying to get some attention by jumping up and down and yelling " death panels , " but , aside from Glenn Beck and a small handful of right - wing misanthropes , no one believes her .
Even reactionary Georgia Senator Johnny Isakson , who has to face the voters in 2010 , wishes she would just pipe down or go away .
Ezra Klein asked Isakson , co-sponsor of the Medicare End - of - Life Act of 2007 , about the Insurance Industry shills ' and Republican partisan euthanasia distortions PoltiFact 's Truth - O - Meter rates Palin 's bullshit it 's highest form of lie-- " Pants on Fire . "
They say they 've " looked at the inflammatory claims that the health care bill encourages euthanasia .
It does n't .
There 's certainly no ' death board ' that determines the worthiness of individuals to receive care .
Conservatives might make a case that Palin is justified in fearing that the current reform could one day morph into such a board .
But that 's not what Palin said .
She said that the Democratic plan will ration care and 'my parents or my baby with Down Syndrome will have to stand in front of Obama 's " death panel " so his bureaucrats can decide , based on a subjective judgment of their " level of productivity in society , " whether they are worthy of health care . '
Palin 's statement sounds more like a science fiction movie ( , anyone ? ) than part of an actual bill before Congress .
We rate her statement Pants on Fire !
Do n't forget , if you 're in the L.A. area today , big town hall shindig in Alhambra .
See you there ; come early .
Another equally vicious bigot , just as destructive to the tenor of American politics , is Glenn Beck , about whose advertiser boycott we have been keeping track .
Good news today -- really good news .
GEICO has pulled its ads off Beck 's hateful program , joining Procter & Gamble and several other companies .
Labels : Adam Schiff , Chris Matthews , euthanasia , Glenn Beck , Insurance Industry , Isakson , Palin
Loose - fitting ' burkinis ' cover the entire body while swimming French officials have banned a Muslim woman from swimming in a public pool while wearing a swimsuit that covers her entire body .
The woman had swum in July in the pool in Emerainville , east of Paris , in the " burkini " - a loose - fitting garment resembling a wetsuit with a hood .
But staff stopped her from swimming in August , citing hygiene concerns .
It comes as the government examines ways to limit burka use after the president said they reduced dignity .
France is home to Western Europe 's largest population of Muslims , with about 5 million living there .
That type of suit does not exist in the Koran
Mayor Alain Kelyor
At the pool , staff " reminded [ the woman ] of the rules that apply in all ( public ) swimming pools which forbid swimming while clothed , " pool management official Daniel Guillaume was quoted by AFP as saying .
The woman was a French convert to Islam , and had bought the swimsuit in Dubai so that she would not have to uncover herself to go swimming .
" Quite simply , this is segregation , " she said , according to Le Parisien newspaper , which identified her only as Carole .
" I will fight to try to change things .
And if I see that the battle is lost , I can not rule out leaving France . "
Emerainville Mayor Alain Kelyor said " all this has nothing to do with Islam " , adding that the swimsuit was " not an Islamic swimsuit " and that " that type of suit does not exist in the Koran " .
' Prisoners behind netting '
In June the French National Assembly appointed 32 MPs to a six - month fact - finding mission to look at ways of restricting burka use .
In a major policy speech that month , President Nicolas Sarkozy said the burka - a garment covering women from head to toe - reduced them to servitude and undermined their dignity .
" We can not accept to have in our country women who are prisoners behind netting , cut off from all social life , deprived of identity , " Mr Sarkozy told a special session of parliament in Versailles .
In 2004 , France banned the Islamic headscarves in its state schools .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the common themes you 'll find in abstinence - only curricula is the constant shaming of young women who do n't uphold certain visual standards of chaste and purity .
One of the common themes that you ’ll find in abstinence - only sex
education curricula ( besides factual errors , conservative ideology and
demonization of condoms ) is the constant shaming or judgmental
statements towards young women who do n’t uphold certain visual
standards of chaste and purity .
Young women are taught to not show skin or flirt , lest they invite
dirty lustful thoughts in the boys , who are rendered helpless beasts
when tempted by the girls of ill - repute .
Not only does such " education "
insult the intelligence of young people , but it reinforces harmful
gender stereotypes .
Let ’s take a tour through the states to look at some of the most egregious examples :
In South Carolina , Heritage Community Services ( currently receives a CBAE grant of $ 600,000 per year from 2006 - 2011 ) teaches girls that conservative attire is necessary , or those poor boys will virtually attack you .
Here is an excerpt from their classroom curriculum :
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
" Males and females are aroused at different levels of intimacy .
Males are more sight oriented , whereas females are more touch oriented .
This is why girls need to be careful with what they wear ,
because males are looking !
The girl might be thinking fashion , while
the boy is thinking sex .
For this reason , girls have a responsibility
to wear modest clothing that does n’t invite lustful thoughts . "
Yes indeed , girls .
It is your duty to the country .
More from HCS ’s website :
" a good minimum guideline is to declare everything covered by a
bathing suit as off limits .
Everyone needs to know his or her
boundaries before getting in a risky situation .
Once someone is excited
physically , it can be difficult to stop . "
Teen Awareness , Inc. , out of California ( received $ 3.2 million in CBAE grants ) agrees :
" be careful about how you dress ( are you sending the wrong message ? ) "
As do Abstinence Education Consultants in Kansas ( has received $ 3.1 million in CBAE grants ) .
From their website :
" Dress modestly .
Sometimes the way you dress can send unintended
messages to others , especially men because they are sexually aroused by
what they see "
The theme being expressed , with our tax dollars ’ subsidization , is not only that girls have a responsibility
to dress like puritans or whatever it is that these groups are
advocating , but that if they do n’t , young men are uncontrollable dolts
who will , presumably , " force " sex upon them .
LifeGuard Youth Development in Missouri ( has received $ 3 million in CBAE grants ) reinforces this insult :
" Guys can be compared to a microwave .
They see something enticing and like 30 seconds later , they are ready to go !
Because
we know they are using only one side of their brain at a time ( logic
and not emotion ) and their testosterone causes their sex drive to
always be " ON , " generally they may not connect feelings with the act of
having sex .
Girls can be compared to a slow cooker .
Usually ,
for a girl to be turned on , a whole lot of time , attention , words ,
affection , and touch needs to be slowly added before she is aroused .
These actions engage her emotions and for her , sex does equal a
personal relationship . "
Yes , this is the " science " that our government subsidizes .
But a quick glance around at other abstinence - only programs shows that
not all girls are " slow cookers . "
Oh no , some of them are pure trouble .
You know , those girls who show skin and flirt , tempting your poor son into a sex - crazed madness .
In Indiana , A Positive Approach to Teen Health , Inc. ( receiving a $ 600,000 CBAE grant each year from 2007 - 2011 ) asks why these troublesome girls have the audacity to flirt with boys :
" Sometimes girls flirt to get attention .
They may want to feel
they are attractive to guys .
Looking for this attention may be cover
for underlying insecurities , and having this attention lets them think
they are at least good at one thing . "
Yes , that makes sense .
Because flirting with the opposite
sex is certainly not normal , biological behavior .
There has to be
something psychologically wrong with these deviants , this being the
" only thing they are good at " , obviously .
Colorado ’s Friends First ( receiving a $ 414,800 AFLA grant
each year from 2007 - 2011 ) agrees , saying these troublesome girls who
flirt must lack " parental communication and boundary settings " in their
own home .
These programs gleefully promote and teach others to point fingers at
girls in their school that have " gone all the way " .
" Slut - shaming " is
par for the course , as Missouri ’s LifeGuard Youth Development lets
everyone know what to call these young women :
" Being able to have sex does not make you any different from a rat
in a warehouse .
They have sex too .
Is that what you want to compare
yourself to ? "
( i.e. , hint , hint , " slutty " girls are rats , spread the word ! )
South Dakota ’s Alpha Center ( received $ 1.2 million in CBAE grants ) elaborates :
" Nobody wants to marry someone who has been the loving , meaningful relationship of 17 other guys . "
The worst combination of these themes of " slutty girls " and " uncontrollable sex beast guys " came from Ohio ’s ATM Education website ( receiving $ 600,000 CBAE grant
each year from 2006 - 2011 ) .
Before we shamed them into changing their
site , you could enter the " Party Room " , where you learn the story of
Rochelle , Jason , Monica and Tanner .
Each person tells their perspective
about what happens during and after a party one night .
Rochelle tells how she drove her drunken friend Jason home after the
party , and then is raped by him .
Jason denies that the rape happened ,
saying their sex was consensual .
Monica and Tanner observe that Jason
was being a drunken idiot the entire night , with Monica ( Jason ’s ex )
adding her opinion that Rochelle has a reputation for " putting out " and
being a " slut . "
The site then asks the question : " Based on all accounts , whose story sounds the least credible ? "
Guess who the " correct " answer was ?
Rochelle .
Why ?
Because she had a supposed reputation as a " slut . "
Therefore she is not to be believed .
Jason , on the other hand , is given a pass , because he was drunk , " vulnerable , " and with a " hot " girl in a car .
Boys will be boys , right ?
They ca n’t help it if they get tempted by one of " those " girls .
Fortunately , ATM Education was shamed into changing the language on their site ,
but if you look at the language of these abstinence - only until marriage
programs all over the country , it ’s not difficult to believe that one
of these programs would make such statements .
Currently , the Obama administration is finalizing the details on their
2010 fiscal budget , and they will have to make a decision : ( A ) continue
to fund these abstinence - only sex education programs that have already
wasted $ 1.5 billion in tax dollars and endangered the sexual health of
countless youth over the past decade ?
Or ( B ) zero out funding for these
ab - only programs , instead bringing real , age - appropriate comprehensive
sex education to our schools that gives youth all of the information
they need to stay safe and avoid pregnancy .
What can you do ?
WRITE OBAMA AND TELL HIM TO ZERO OUT ABSTINENCE - ONLY FUNDING !
And tell your Congressperson too !
Will Work for Praise : The Web's Free -Labor Economy describes how many of today 's websites are built by the users themselves :
It 's dawn at a Los Angeles apartment overlooking the Hollywood Hills .
Laura Sweet , an advertising creative director in her early 40s , sits at a computer and begins to surf the Net .
She searches intently , unearthing such bizarre treasures for sale as necklaces for trees and tattoo - covered pigs .
As usual , she posts them on a shopping site called ThisNext.com .
Asked why in the world she spends so many hours each week working for free , she answers : " It 's a labor of love . "
This raises some disturbing parallels .
Are users being turned into digital sharecroppers ?
MySpace , Facebook , and many other businesses have realized that they can give away the tools of production but maintain ownership over the resulting products .
One of the fundamental economic characteristics of Web 2.0 is the distribution of production into the hands of the many and the concentration of the economic rewards into the hands of the few .
It 's a sharecropping system , but the sharecroppers are generally happy because their interest lies in self - expression or socializing , not in making money , and , besides , the economic value of each of their individual contributions is trivial .
It 's only by aggregating those contributions on a massive scale - on a web scale - that the business becomes lucrative .
In essence , any website where user generated content is the website , that is also a for - profit business ( not a non-profit organization , ala Wikipedia ) -- is effectively turning their users into digital sharecroppers .
Digital sharecroppers typically get nothing in return for the content they 've provided , and often give up all rights to what they 've created .
At least a real world sharecropper would get to keep a percentage of the crops produced on the land .
The tone of the relationship between virtual land owner and so - called digital sharecroppers is critical .
When crowdsourcing goes sour , there can be mass revolts .
Wikia is a for - profit corporation launched by several high level people involved with Wikipedia , such as co-founder Jimmy Wales .
Wikipedia has no significant financial connection to Wikia .
But an enormous publicity benefit accrues to Wikia due to Wikipedia 's fame : $ 14 m of venture capital has been invested in Wikia .
Its business model is to have a " community " ( writers who work for free ) to build a wiki website about a topic , and then to sell advertising on those pages .
In short , Wikia hosts sites in return for all the ad revenues .
At the start of June , Wikia 's CEO announced that many changes would be made to the appearance of sites , mainly to have more advertising and for the ads to be more prominent .
As Wikia 's community development manager put it : " We have to change things in order to make Wikia financially stable .
Unfortunately , Google ads in the footer pay pennies a click , and nobody clicks " .
He went on to explain that ads paying based on view count were needed .
And that type of advertiser wants their ad to be displayed where viewers are sure to see it , such as within an article , near the top .
In reaction , various content creators made it clear they understood the needs of the company and had no objection to advertising per se .
But putting ads inside content risked changing their material from articles into decorated billboards .
The conflict between management and ( unpaid ) labour became acrimonious .
There were declarations such as : " If Wikia does not resolve this situation to our satisfaction , then we will leave , taking our content , our communities ' inward links , our established service marks and our fellow editors with us . "
This is a topic that I 've spent a great deal of time thinking about , because we happen to run a site chock full of user generated questions and answers .
The last thing I want to do is exploit Stack Overflow users for corporate gain , even accidentally .
That 's horrible .
So if you spend a lot of time creating content on someone else 's website -- whether it 's Stack Overflow , or anywhere else on the internet -- I think you should be asking yourself some tough questions :
What do you get out of the time and effort you 've invested in this website ?
Personally ?
Professionally ?
Tangibly ?
Intangibly ?
Is your content attributed to you , or is it part of a communal pool ?
What rights do you have for the content you 've contributed ?
Can your contributions be revoked , deleted , or permanently taken offline without your consent ?
Can you download or archive your contributions ?
Are you comfortable with the business model and goals of the website you 're contributing to , and thus directly furthering ?
There should always be a healthy , reciprocal relationship between you and any websites you 're contributing to .
I like to think that Stack Overflow gives back to the community as much as it absorbs -- both in the form of Creative Commons shared ownership of the underlying data , and the strong emphasis on showing off the individual skills and knowledge of your fellow programmers .
Ultimately , you have to decide which is more important -- building your own brand , or building the brand of the website you 're contributing to ?
While these two concepts are not necessarily opposed , I strongly urge everyone reading this to err on the side of building your own brand whenever possible .
Websites tend to come and go ; the only sensible long term strategy is to invest in something that 's guaranteed to be around for the rest of your life : you .
But I guess I 'm biased .
Hunger may become the defining human tragedy of the century as the climate changes and hundreds of millions of farmers already struggling to grow enough food are forced to adapt to drought and different rainfall patterns , a report warns .
Oxfam International , in a comprehensive look at the expected effects on people of climate change , says some of the world 's staple crops will be hit and the implications for millions could be disastrous .
" Climate change 's most savage impact on humanity in the near future is likely to be in the increase in hunger … the countries with existing problems in feeding their people are those most at risk from climate change , " the report warns .
" Millions of farmers will have to give up traditional crops as they experience changes in the seasons that they and their ancestors have depended on .
Climate - related hunger [ may become ] the defining human tragedy of this century . "
The report , published as world leaders prepare to meet for the G8 summit in Italy , says that farmers around the world are already seeing changes in weather patterns which are leading to increased ill - health , hunger and poverty .
Oxfam staff in 15 countries collected records from communities and observed that :
• Seasons appear to have shrunk in number and variety .
• Rainfall is more unpredictable , tending to be shorter in duration .
• Winds and storms are felt to have increased in strength .
• Unseasonal events such as storms , dense fogs and heavier rains are more common .
" Once - distinct seasons are shifting and the rains are disappearing .
Poor farmers from Bangladesh to Uganda and Nicaragua , no longer able to rely on centuries of farming experience , are facing failed harvest after failed harvest , " it says .
The evidence of changing weather patterns is anecdotal but the results are striking because of the extraordinary consistency they show across the world , said Oxfam programme researcher John Magrath .
" Farmers are all saying very similar things : the seasons are changing .
Moderate , temperate seasons are shrinking and vanishing .
Seasons are becoming hotter and drier , rainy seasons shorter and more violent , " said Magrath .
The report , released before the G8 meeting in Italy this week , where Barack Obama will chair a session on climate change , warns that without immediate action on climate all the development gains made in 50 years are under threat .
Rice and maize , two of the world 's most important crops , on which hundreds of millions of people depend , face significant drops in yields .
Maize yields are forecast to drop by 15 % or more by 2020 in much of sub-Saharan Africa and in most of India .
The report also documents how rising temperatures are affecting productivity in factories , with manual workers needing longer siesta times and outdoor workers experiencing dehydration .
Cities in the tropics are becoming some of the most dangerous places in the world as heat stress increases , it says .
The " heat island effect " , where heat retention in concrete and air conditioning combines to raise night temperatures in tropical cities by as much as 10C , can devastate vulnerable populations .
" Projections suggest a sixfold increase in heat - related deaths in Lisbon by 2050 , and a fivefold increase in Greater London , two to seven times more deaths in California and a 75 % increase in deaths among old people in Australian cities . "
In Delhi , mortality rates rise by up to 4 % with every 1C of temperature rise .
The figure is 6 % in Bangkok .
It also says many diseases are already migrating as temperatures rise .
Malaria , dengue fever , river blindness and yellow fever are all considered highly likely to increase their distribution , it says .
Nick Thompson , Director of Consumer and Publishing Services at KCOM , said :
" I think it 's the responsible approach , because we are protecting people from illegal activity .
There are no benefits for us .
In fact , when we cut off customers we 're actually reacting against our own interests because we do n't charge customers for that period when the service is suspended . "
Commenting on Internet users suspected of file - sharing being cut off the internet by service provider ( ISP ) Karoo , Jill Johnstone , Director , Consumer Focus , said :
“ Rights holders and internet service providers cannot be prosecutor , judge and jury .
To cut people off the internet for allegedly infringing copyright is disproportionate .
And to do so without giving consumers the right to challenge the evidence against them is unacceptable .
“ The Government ’s proposals to tackle illegal file sharing involve sending warning letters and court action before technical measures can be imposed .
This approach should be adopted to stop consumers from being treated this way again . ”
Jim Killock , Executive Director of the Open Rights Group said :
" Internet access is crucial for freedom of expression in the digital age .
It 's also how people do business and gain an education .
A monopoly like " Internet access is crucial for freedom of expression in the digital age .
It 's also how people do business and gain an education .
A monopoly like Karoo cannot be allowed to arbitrarily decide when to limit our fundamental human rights .
Only courts can do that .
People are being found guilty by a Kang - Karoo court . "
Nick Thompson , Karoo's Director of Consumer Services , issued the following general statement :
" It is evident that we have been exceeding the expectations of copyright owners , the media and Internet users .
So , we have changed our policy to move in more line with the industry standard approach , whilst still taking the issues of copyright infringement and illegal internet activity seriously .
Going forward , we will provide customers with three written notifications before their service is temporarily suspended . "
Hull 's only broadband ISP , Karoo ( KCOM - Kingston Communications ) , has drawn anger from both the Open Rights Group and Consumer Focus after it emerged that the provider was disconnecting customers suspected of piracy and doing so without warning them first .
The shocking situation has been made worse by the fact that residents of Hull have no other alternative but to use KCOM's ISP .
The BBC News Online report states that , once disconnected , customers are forced to sign a document where they must pledge not to repeat the offence and admit their guilt ; only after doing this can access be restored .
The strict policy is apparently nothing new , with some users having been suspended for more than 2 years .
Broadband Internet access is , for many people , now an essential service - just like your telephone or electricity supply .
To that end a number of consumer campaign groups have , perhaps rightly so , responded with anger upon learning the news .
The data supplied to ISPs by Rights Holder connected organisations has at times been wrong .
These often rely on flawed IP tracks , which are not an effective way of determining a computer user ’s true identity .
They can easily be faked , hijacked , redirected , abused and used in ways that the systems employed cannot detect .
The only real way to be sure is to inspect a person ’s hard disk .
Indeed the governments own Digital Britain report agreed that disconnection was not the way to go ( here ) , instead proposing a mix of warnings , information release and ultimately technical measures ( speed reductions ) as punishment for repeat offenders .
Karoo could perhaps be forgiven , to a limited degree , if they had at least given customers a fair warning first and did not hold a near total monopoly over Hull 's residents .
We think this level of action is unfair , but no doubt some rights holders would disagree .
Good news , Karoo has softened its position following yesterday ’s news and will now warn customers before cutting them off .
This puts the ISP in line with the " Three - Strikes " ( 1st warn , 2nd warn again , 3rd disconnect ) policy demanded by rights holders .
It ’s worth remembering that the Digital Britain report and many consumer groups believe that even the Three - Strikes policy is a step too far , though at least this is better than an absurd immediate disconnection .
The unemployment rate in the Greater Toronto Area hit the double - digits last month as a strong Canadian dollar and cool , wet weather took its toll on the tourism industry .
The city 's jobless rate reached 10 per cent last month - its highest level since November , 1994 , according to the latest figures released by Statistics Canada today .
That 's up from 9.6 per cent for June .
" Toronto is important for the tourism sector , and tourism has been hammered by this downturn .
We rely on visitors from abroad and the strong currency is n't helping , " said Doug Porter , deputy chief economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto .
" The weakness in construction , too , has weighed very heavily on Toronto . "
Toronto now has the fourth - highest unemployment rate in the province — and the country — behind Windsor , London , and St. Catharines - Niagara , all communities that have been devastated by the recent turmoil in the automotive industry .
Nationally , Canada 's unemployment rate did n't change last month .
It held steady at 8.6 per cent as the economy shed 45,000 jobs in July .
Students were the hardest hit last month .
The jobless rate for those trying to earn money during the summer break rose sharply to 20.9 per cent - that the highest level since StatsCan began keeping this data in 1977 .
StatsCan defines students as those " who attended school full - time in March and who are planning to return to school in the fall . "
For others ages 15 to 24 , the unemployment rate is substantially lower — 13.4 per cent .
" It gives you a taste of just how awful the market was for summer students , " Porter said .
Another sign the dismal state of the job market : the participation rate has declined to 67.2 per cent , down 0.3 per cent from June , and an indication that many job - seekers have simply thrown in the towel .
While most of July 's job losses were in Quebec , there were also losses in Saskatchewan , as well as Newfoundland and Labrador , Statistics Canada said .
Employment fell last month in accommodating and food services and construction while there were increases in retail and wholesale trade .
Windsor has the highest unemployment rate in the country - 15.2 per cent , followed by London at 10.9 per cent .
Both communities depend on the vehicle and automotive parts manufacturing sectors , which have suffered from plant closures and heavy job losses .
The jobless rate in St. Catharines - Niagara was 10.5 per cent .
Statscan measures unemployment for what it calls the Toronto CMA , or census metropolitan area , which extends from Milton in the west to Ajax on the east side , and north to Georgina .
Ottawa has the unemployment in the province , 5.9 per cent , thanks to hiring by the federal government .
Netflix Partnership
This exclusive partnership offers you the ability to instantly stream movies and TV episodes from Netflix to the television via Xbox 360 .
Xbox 360 will be the only game console to offer this movie - watching experience , available to Xbox LIVE Gold members who are also Netflix unlimited plan subscribers ** , at no additional cost .
From the Netflix Web site , simply add movies and TV episodes to your instant Queue , which will appear automatically on the TV screen via Xbox 360 .
Once selected , movies will begin playing in as little as 30 seconds .
In addition to instantly streaming Netflix movies to the TV , Xbox LIVE Gold members can browse and rate movies , fast - forward , pause and rewind , all using either their Xbox 360 Controller or Universal remote .
Advertisement
The Duchess of Cambridge looked radiant as she paid a visit to a children ’s centre in London today .
Kate , 37 , donned a £ 270 polka dot blouse and wide leg black culottes for the outing to Sunshine House Children and Young People ’s Health and Development Centre in Peckham , this morning .
The royal was on hand to learn more about the Family Nurse Partnership ( FNP ) , a voluntary programme that offers home visits to parents aged up to 24 .
She appeared in excellent spirits as she spent time with parents and children who had benefited from the services , as well as nurses and staff members involved .
The Duchess , who has made early years programmes a cornerstone of her royal work , looked delighted to be spending time with parents and staff members at the centre
The Duchess of Cambridge looked charmed by one little girl who she met at Sunshine House in south London
The Duchess of Cambridge looked polished in black culottes and chunky black suede heels for the outing on Thursday
The Duchess of Cambridge looked in her element as she spent time with families and staff members during the visit
Mothers are partnered with a specially - trained family nurse who visits them regularly , from early pregnancy until their child is two .
During her visit , Kate will speak to first - time mothers who have been helped with the Southwark branch of the initiative , as well as nurses who take part in the programme .
FNP is delivered in around 70 areas across England and each local team features specially - trained family nurse supervisors , family nurses , and quality support officers .
The duchess is patron of the children ’s hospital Evelina London , which delivers the initiative in the London borough of Southwark .
The Duchess of Cambridge looked radiant as she arrived for an engagement at a children ’s centre in London this morning .
Change attitudes towards violence and you can reduce violent and gun-related crime ( Image : Flying Colours Ltd / Getty )
Shootings and killings in deprived areas of Chicago and Baltimore have plummeted by between 41 and 73 per cent thanks to a programme that treats violence as if it is an infectious disease .
Pioneers of the programme , called CeaseFire , say it relies on simultaneously changing attitudes and behaviour and will work anywhere .
The key is to change social norms so that violence is seen as “ uncool ” both by potential perpetrators and their communities , instead of being the automatic way to settle a dispute .
Advertisement
High success
On 30 June , pioneers of the programme publicised their high success rate so far to attract interest at a time in the year when violence peaks , triggered by the heat .
“ Violence gets transmitted the same way as other communicable diseases , so we train ‘ violence interruptors ’ to prevent escalation , ” says Gary Slutkin , founder and executive director of Cease Fire .
“ They change the norm from ‘ violence is what ’s expected of me ’ to ‘ violence will make me look stupid ’ , ” says Slutkin .
Defuse disputes
While violence interruptors work on the streets to intercept and defuse disputes before anyone gets hurt , outreach workers work in parallel to get the same message to the community , through schools and key members such as clergy .
The net effect is that the “ default ” norm of instant violence rapidly changes to one in which shooting is seen as unacceptable and unfashionable .
“ 1800 of these types of events have been successfully mediated in the past 4 years , ” says Slutkin .
The first programme was launched in 1999 , and now covers a quarter of Chicago and has more recently been introduced in Baltimore .
In demand
A three - year independent evaluation of CeaseFire published by the Department of Justice last year found that in Chicago , it reduced violence in every community where it was deployed .
Shootings and killing fell by between 41 and 73 per cent , with drops of 17 to 35 per cent the result of direct interventions by CeaseFire .
Retaliation murders fell by 100 per cent in 5 of the 8 communities covered .
“ This is a method that ’s now in demand , ” says Slutkin .
“ We ’ve been visited by representatives from 30 cities , and training has started in at least six . ”
Reformed shooters
The most important but controversial element of the programme to tackle the epidemic of violence is sending reformed shooters out into the streets as mediators in disputes and mentors for youths .
“ At age 17 I ’d been arrested several times and convicted of four gun-related offences , ” says Jalon Arthur , a key violence interruptor speaking in a teleconference on 30 June .
“ You must work with the shooters , and credible messengers like me need to understand the minds of the perpetrators and have the measure of street - credibility to overcome mistrust , ” said Arthur .
“ For individuals who engage in gun activity , there ’s a great deal of paranoia which makes them very difficult to influence , but because violence interruptors have been through the transition themselves , they have the social networks and enough street cred to reach these people , ” said Arthur .
Violence myth
William Pollack , a clinical psychologist at Harvard Medical School who has been involved with CeaseFire , says that norm - changing is key to the programme because otherwise , the myth persists that boys ca n’t help but be violent .
“ People believe that boys are doomed to be aggressive , especially males of colour and poverty , and that ’s how boys must settle disputes , ” says Pollack .
“ But we now know it ’s the socialisation experience that creates this expectation , nurture rather than nature . ”
The CeaseFire model changes these social norms and behaviour , ” adds Pollack .
“ It ’s a scientifically based programme that works . ”
Slutkin says that once a behavioural norm reaches a critical level in a community , it ’s sustained , creating a long - term change .
Universal strategy
Moreover , Slutkin is confident it will work anywhere .
“ We ’ve been visited by 15 other countries , and the same training we use in the US is now being deployed in Brazil and the Caribbean , and we ’ve had a few other visits from Mexico and even Basra in Iraq , where we ’ve defused 100 events this year . ”
Arthur says he ’s convinced the programme would work in the UK , where knife crime has been escalating .
Slutkin said there are huge savings to be made in the money otherwise spent on hospital admissions , treatments and aftercare , as well as the costs to the criminal justice system of investigating shootings and killings .
“ We calculate that the cost of not doing it in the US amounts to $ 150 to $ 200 billion each year , ” he said .
SIN MECANISMO .
Aún no existe dentro de la SEP un mecanismo nacional ágil para llevar ante la justicia penal a los responsables , y como castigo sólo son reubicados en otro plantel .
( Foto : Archivo EL UNIVERSAL )
Cifras de la Secretaría de Educación Pública confirman el aumento de casos de abuso sexual contra niños y jóvenes por parte de maestros o trabajadores , cuya máxima sanción dentro del sistema educativo es su traslado a otro colegio
BUY 100 % UNDETECTABLE DOLLARS , POUNDS , EURO SUPER NOTES +1 ( 213 ) 340-5813
BEST ONLINE COUNTERFEIT MONEY SHOP HELLO .THE BEST PLACE TO BUY 100 % UNDETECTABLE COUNTERFEIT BILLS IS ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS
THAT CAN PASS THE PEN TEST , UV TEST , HAVE RAISED PRINTING , MICRO PRINTINGS , HAS THE UV SECURITY THREAD , AND PASSES THROUGH ATM’S AND CAN BE USED ANYWHERE WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS ?
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/LEGIT-COUNTERFEIT-MONEY-FOR-SALE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/BUY-UNDETECTED-COUNTERFEIT-CANADIAN-DOLLARS-ONLINE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/WHERE-TO-BUY-FAKE-POUNDS-THAT-LOOKS-REAL-UK/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/GRADE-A-COUNTERFEIT-MONEY-FOR-SALE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/PRODUCERS-OF-WORLD-BEST-HIGH-QUALITY-COUNTERFEIT-MONEY-FOR-SALE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/SUPER-BEST-QUALITY-UNDETECTABLE-COUNTERFEIT-BANKNOTES-FOR-SALE/
CONTACT US
EMAIL : ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS@GMAIL.COM
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM /
TEXT / CALL:+1 ( 213 ) 340-5813
WHATSAPP : +1 ( 213 ) 340-5813
WE ARE THE BEST SUPPLIER OF PAIN MEDICATIONS AND RESEARCH CHEMICALS .OUR PRICES ARE AFFORDABLE .
FOR MORE DETAILS VISIT OUR WEBSITE
HTTPS://GREENLIFEMEDSS.COM/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/TOP-QUALITY-COUNTERFEIT-POUNDS-FOR-SALE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/BEST-QUALITY-COUNTERFEIT-BILLS-OF-ALL-KINDS-FOR-SALE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/WHAT-IS-THE-BEST-MEANS-TO-GET-FAKE-MONEY/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/WHERE-TO-BUY-COUNTERFEIT-POUNDS-IN-UK/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/LEGIT-COUNTERFEIT-MONEY-FOR-SALE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/BUY-UNDETECTED-COUNTERFEIT-CANADIAN-DOLLARS-ONLINE/
HTTPS://WWW.ALLCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM/WHERE-TO-BUY-COUNTERFEIT-POUNDS-IN-UK/
WHERE CAN YOU BUY FAKE MONEY THAT LOOKS REAL DOLLARS POUNDS EUROS
HTTPS://WWW.ELIGHTDOCUMENTATION.COM
BUY VYVANSE 30MG , VYVANSE 70MG , VYVANSE 50MG , RITALLIN 20MG , CONCERTA 54MG , DEXEDRINE 10MG
HTTPS ://WWW.FLYMEDISHOP.COM
WHERE TO BUY FAKE MONEY ONLINE DOLLARS POUNDS EUROS
HTTPS ://WWW.BUYMONEYBILLS.COM
BUY SUPER NOTES ONLINE
HTTPS://WWW.SUPERCOUNTERFEITBILLS.COM
Let 's see :
A> Archos Gmini 20 GB MP3 / WMA and Divx / Xvid Player - I bought it just before Apple came out with their first craptastic video player .
The Gmini cost less and works great .
I still use it to this day .
B> 2 " Stiletto 2 " Sirius Satellite and MP3 / WMA Players .
Buggy software and very picky about formats .
Once you get past that , it is very nice having an MP3 player that receives satellite , records tracks from the satellite , and has a MicroSD slot that tops out at 32 GB .
The interface is clunky , so using Windows Media Player 11 is actually a good thing because you can manage playlists .
C> 2 HTC Touch Diamond ( without microsd )
Phones that were upgraded to the HTC Touch Pros .
They are able to play all sorts of formats with CorePlayer via the internal storage or the 16gb MicroSD cards I have installed on the Touch Pros .
D> The boombox for the Stiletto 2s , the cheap cd playing mp3 player boombox that I 've had for a long time , and built - in cd playing mp3 players in my cars rounds out my collection .
Sure it seems like a lot , but I pretty much use all of them at some point .
One of the Stiletto 2's has become redundant , but my wife wants it back in her car even though she has Sirius in - dash because she wants the recording ability again .
A veteran Peel police officer today denied stealing 15 bricks of phony cocaine from a botched RCMP sting operation .
Const .
Sheldon
Cook insisted he was told by his bosses to take the packages home to Cambridge when he discovered them in the trunk of his police cruiser after his shift ended in the early hours of Nov. 17 , 2005 .
He said he intended to drop the packages off at the morality squad 's offices later that morning on his way to court .
" I never thought I was leaving with a trunk full of drugs , " Cook said , testifying at his Brampton trial .
He 'd been told the drugs were flour , not cocaine .
Federal prosecutors David Rowcliffe and Ania Weiler say Cook took the drugs , which he believed were real , during his involvement as part of Det.
Marty Rykhoff 's crew investigating the seizure of 102 bricks of suspected cocaine from a courier truck the night before .
The drugs turned out to be flour , part of an RCMP controlled delivery from Peru to Canada that went missing 12 hours earlier after arriving at Pearson International Airport .
Cook , 40 , has pleaded not guilty to seven criminal charges in this judge alone trial before Justice Casey Hill that began last November .
Instead of turning the dummy drugs into morality squad officers , Cook said another officer , Act .
Det .
Warren Williams , left him a cell message telling him to hold onto the packages until the afternoon morality shift started .
" He ( Williams ) Rykhoff confirmed it was flour .
He knows you have the 15 packages , " Cook said .
Cook 's Maxima was scheduled to be serviced that day .
He said that as he took the box from his car , but it broke and the packages scattered across the floor of his garage .
He said he put them in a compartment in his recreational watercraft and went to court .
Cook left a message for Williams , explaining what happened in his garage and told him that he would return the packages as instructed .
Cook said he was surprised the night before when he found the packages inside a rotting box of mangoes in the trunk of his cruiser when he went to retrieve personal items at the end of his shift .
" I knew it was from the packages we found earlier in the evening , " Cook said .
He told Det.Sgt. Daniel Philipps and Williams what he found .
He was standing with them when Rykhoff told them to " secure " the packages and he would make arrangements to get them to be transferred to morality officers .
Cook heard Rykhoff say over a mic- phone that the stuff " looked iike it was n't drugs " and " not to worry . "
The RCMP arrived at his home at 11 a.m.
Investigators used a GPS signal hidden in the missing box to locate the bricks in the personal watercraft .
A search warrant also uncovered marijuana and several MP3 players allegedly taken from an unrelated investigation
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Cook is charged with attempt to possess a controlled substance for the purpose of trafficking , possession of marijuana for the purpose of trafficking , possession of stolen property ( MP3 players ) from a police investigation and breach of trust as a police officer .
He remains suspended with pay .
The trial continues tomorrow .
Att. Gen . Holder ’s statement is below , and here is Reuters ’ reporting .
STATEMENT OF ATTORNEY GENERAL ERIC HOLDER REGARDING A PRELIMINARY REVIEW INTO THE INTERROGATION OF CERTAIN DETAINEES
“ The Office of Professional Responsibility has now submitted to me its report regarding the Office of Legal Counsel memoranda related to so - called enhanced interrogation techniques .
I hope to be able to make as much of that report available as possible after it undergoes a declassification review and other steps .
Among other findings , the report recommends that the Department reexamine previous decisions to decline prosecution in several cases related to the interrogation of certain detainees .
“ I have reviewed the OPR report in depth .
Moreover , I have closely examined the full , still - classified version of the 2004 CIA Inspector General ’s report , as well as other relevant information available to the Department .
As a result of my analysis of all of this material , I have concluded that the information known to me warrants opening a preliminary review into whether federal laws were violated in connection with the interrogation of specific detainees at overseas locations .
The Department regularly uses preliminary reviews to gather information to determine whether there is sufficient predication to warrant a full investigation of a matter .
I want to emphasize that neither the opening of a preliminary review nor , if evidence warrants it , the commencement of a full investigation , means that charges will necessarily follow .
“ Assistant United States Attorney John Durham was appointed in 2008 by then - Attorney General Michael Mukasey to investigate the destruction of CIA videotapes of detainee interrogations .
During the course of that investigation , Mr. Durham has gained great familiarity with much of the information that is relevant to the matter at hand .
Accordingly , I have decided to expand his mandate to encompass this related review .
Mr. Durham , who is a career prosecutor with the Department of Justice and who has assembled a strong investigative team of experienced professionals , will recommend to me whether there is sufficient predication for a full investigation into whether the law was violated in connection with the interrogation of certain detainees .
“ There are those who will use my decision to open a preliminary review as a means of broadly criticizing the work of our nation ’s intelligence community .
I could not disagree more with that view .
The men and women in our intelligence community perform an incredibly important service to our nation , and they often do so under difficult and dangerous circumstances .
They deserve our respect and gratitude for the work they do .
Further , they need to be protected from legal jeopardy when they act in good faith and within the scope of legal guidance .
That is why I have made it clear in the past that the Department of Justice will not prosecute anyone who acted in good faith and within the scope of the legal guidance given by the Office of Legal Counsel regarding the interrogation of detainees .
I want to reiterate that point today , and to underscore the fact that this preliminary review will not focus on those individuals .
“ I share the President ’s conviction that as a nation , we must , to the extent possible , look forward and not backward when it comes to issues such as these .
While this Department will follow its obligation to take this preliminary step to examine possible violations of law , we will not allow our important work of keeping the American people safe to be sidetracked .
“ I fully realize that my decision to commence this preliminary review will be controversial .
As Attorney General , my duty is to examine the facts and to follow the law .
In this case , given all of the information currently available , it is clear to me that this review is the only responsible course of action for me to take . ”
One of the common questions that people ask is :
What is bare foot running ?
This means running using minimalist shoes that help to mimic the natural way a person would run with naked feet .
The shoes have limited midsole cushioning , especially the beefy heel cushioning .
Bare foot running is advantageous because it supports low - impact gait .
The minimalist shoes make it easy to encourage you to land on the midfoot as opposed to the heel .
This is particularly beneficial especially if you are learning how to run with forefoot stride .
Another advantage of natural running is that you are able to feel the ground ( proprioception ) .
For some runners , feeling the connection with the ground gives them strong attachments with the race .
The most notable thing about natural running is that minimalist shoes are lighter .
Therefore , you are likely to clock faster speed rates because there is no additional load attached to your legs .
The film was originally refused a licence to be shown in Glasgow
Councillors in Glasgow have lifted an unofficial 30 - year - old ban on the Monty Python film The Life of Brian .
The council 's licensing and regulatory committee approved a request on Tuesday from Glasgow Film Theatre to show the biblical satire under a 15 certificate .
Glasgow was one of 39 local authorities in the UK that refused to grant the film a general release in 1979 .
Opponents said the film , about a Jewish man who is mistaken for the Messiah and crucified , was blasphemous .
Councillor Willie O'Rourke , vice convener of the licensing and regulatory committee , said : " This is the first application we 've received to show Monty Python 's Life of Brian since the first request .
" Life of Brian has been broadcast on television over the years and is now widely available on DVD .
" The world , and people 's attitudes , have moved on in the last 30 years , so I believe the committee made the right decision today . "
Since the recent article TechCrunch published , Twitter ’s Internal Strategy Laid Bare : To Be “ The Pulse Of The Planet ” , it has gotten a lot of attention .
Both from its own readers , the web community and Twitter too .
TechCrunch had published confidential information about Twitter .
However Evan Williams of Twitter had said otherwise that TechCrunch did not have such permission to share such documents .
There are people asking others to boycott TechCrunch while others praise TechCrunch and say Twitter is clueless on how to run their business due to the fact there has been no definite business model .
Others like WebPro News questions – Who ’s Right : TechCrunch or Twitter ?
My own opinion is that TechCrunch should have gotten in touch with Twitter no matter what came through their inbox on what could be divulged .
Twitter is entitled to keep their business model under wraps and their employee information by law is confidential .
Was this a ploy of wankage by TechCrunch to get attention ?
Who knows , but at least Twitter came back with a response on their company blog ( by the way … someone tell them to switch to WordPress please … perhaps Matt Mullenweg could ? )
Biz Stone wrote :
Nevertheless , the publication of stolen documents is irresponsible and we absolutely did not give permission for these documents to be shared .
So , what do you think ?
Should TechCrunch issue a retraction , or will this be quite damaging to TC ’s reputation ?
Was it a wankage scheme to discredit twitter as well as get more attention ?
Is boycotting TechCrunch a suitable action ?
EDIT : Please be sure to note that I am not boycotting TechCrunch .
In my personal opinion , it is ridiculous to do so as TechCrunch does have a lot of great material to read and learn and enjoy .
However , as I have previously said , I do believe TechCrunch should at least issue some apology .
I would think if someone got information like they did of TechCrunch like what happened with Twitter , that they would want to be informed and asked if it was okay to go ahead and publish , or to what information could be given out .
Also , if a hacker gives out information in the spirit of helpfulness , this is not the case .
They should have told Twitter and helped by giving tips .
Perhaps they would have been hired by Twitter for helping them rather than making a scandal of it .
I did not think TechCrunch was a tabloid , but I also just got tired of seeing people post about them wanting to boycott and wanted to know if it was really necessary and why ?
It was pointless to comment at TechCrunch because half of the comments were like walking into a forum with half the responses with no point despite there was a topic at hand .
July 24 , 2009  --
If you think drone aircraft are all the rage at the U.S. Air Force , just wait a few years .
The men in the Pentagon who look into the future believe UAVs -- Unmanned Aerial Vehicles , or pilotless planes -- are the future .
Comparing today 's drones to the development of manned military flight , " we are in the 1920s , " said Lt. Gen. David Deptula .
He spoke at a Defense Department briefing looking 30 years into the future .
UAV's are already used , principally for reconnaissance , where they can fly high and steady .
But Defense Department planners say they can foresee drones used as cargo planes , bombers or fighters .
Planners also say they imagine the development of nano - aircraft the size of bugs , which could be used to spy inside enemy buildings .
They expect to see jets that could fly at hypersonic speeds , far beyond the ability of even the hottest pilot to keep them under control .
And they painted a picture of multi-purpose unmanned planes , which could be fitted with " pods " up front for specific missions .
A drone can be remote - controlled , steered by a " pilot " on the ground at a U.S. base , far from danger .
Or , eventually , they could be self - controlled , following a preset flight plan but changing it as conditions change during its mission .
The Air Force says it has seen a more than 600 percent increase in demand for unmanned missions in the past decade .
" They are very important and very effective , " in targeting enemies , said Deptula .
He said drones hit what they are aiming at 95 percent of the time .
30 - Year ' Flight Plan '
In the Pentagon 's Unmanned Aircraft Systems Flight Plan , which looks out to the year 2047 , the sky is basically the limit , say the planners .
They said they made their ideas public in order to attract interest from aerospace companies and university engineers , who are likely to come up with leading - edge innovations -- but need to know what the Air Force , the CIA and other users think they will need in the future .
The plan also suggests what the Air Force calls a loyal wingman concept .
In this scenario , a pilot in a conventional manned aircraft could fly to a target , followed by a dozen or more heavily armed drones .
The pilot , after dropping the bombs or missiles on his own plane , could then assign his " loyal wingmen " to do the same .
It would be highly efficient -- an entire squadron , led by one pilot .
Future Flight : Hypersonic Fighter Jets , No Pilots
The Air Force is also experimenting to see how many drones one operator , back at a base , can control remotely at once .
With a sufficiently advanced autopilot , a drone is unlikely to need full - time piloting .
There are obstacles to overcome .
Right now drones are operating in airspace controlled by the U.S. or its allies -- but they are far from being ready to tangle with enemy pilots .
If they are flying in contested airspace , " they 'll start falling like rain , " said Gen. Deptula .
So the Air Force will consider stealth and other technologies to protect the drones in hostile territory .
Deptula could n't suggest a ratio of manned to unmanned aircraft in the years to come , but he said it 's clear UAV's are a big part of the future .
As the No. 2 man in the Air Force , Gen. William Fraser , said , " We have embraced this technology . "
In a late submission to the Canadian network management hearings of the CRTC , BitTorrent Inc. debunked some P2P myths and asked the committee to decide in favor of a neutral net .
ISPs should look for other methods to deal with network congestion rather than discriminating against BitTorrent users , they say .
Ignited by the Comcast fiasco in the US , the concept of net neutrality has been brought into the mainstream .
ISPs are rarely transparent when it comes to their throttling , capping and other interfering behaviors , but in Canada they had to come clean due to a CRTC investigation .
The Canadian Radio , Television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) is currently looking into the traffic management practices of Canadian ISPs .
Several hearings were held to examine the Internet traffic management practices being used , and check that they are in accordance with the Telecommunications Act .
Although not invited to the hearings itself , BitTorrent Inc. filed a late submission ( pdf ) to the CRTC this week , standing up for Net Neutrality .
“ The hearings have clearly exposed some highly discriminatory traffic management targeting the BitTorrent protocol , which is no surprise to our users in Canada , ” Simon Morris , BitTorrent ’s VP of Product Management told TorrentFreak .
“ We really hope the regulators will act in the interests of citizens , innovation and free speech , rather than in the narrow interests of monopolies , ” he added .
Last year , the company was also actively involved in FCC ’s investigation into Comcast ’s BitTorrent traffic shaping .
Not only are such network management practices a direct threat to BitTorrent ’s business model , it also hurts individual users and other businesses .
“ Economically , P2P enables a very cost effective means to reach an audience .
Fewer computers to buy or provision means that media distribution is no longer the domain of those with deep pockets .
P2P allows small Canadian companies , as well as individuals , to distribute their works through the Internet to a global audience at relatively little cost , ” BitTorrent writes in its filing to the CRTC .
One other group of victims are independent artists , who publish their work on BitTorrent in increasing numbers .
In the hearings the CRTC was already told that blocking or restricting BitTorrent traffic could mean that independent filmmakers are unable to publish their work .
But large companies are in the same boat .
“ P2P is not just the domain of the independent artists , even major media companies are coming to the realization that P2P technology provides a faster , more efficient , more reliable way to distribute mass media , ” BitTorrent writes .
In their filing BitTorrent Inc. mentions CNN ’s P2P powered stream of Obama ’s inauguration as one example how P2P can benefit large companies .
Canadian public TV broadcaster CBC also got a mention , as they used Mininova ’s services to distribute
If ISPs have to manage their networks , they should n’t target any specific applications or transfer protocols .
Discriminating against BitTorrent would hamper innovation and potentially impair freedom of expression , the company told the CRTC .
Petals Around the Rose Is Petals Around the Rose really a game ?
Well actually it 's more of a puzzle or a brain teaser .
Are you up to the challenge ?
Over the years I 've ended up creating a few different versions of this interesting challenge .
But the JavaScript version of the game below is the only version currently working with the most popular web browsers of today .
Play Petals - JavaScript — Netscape Navigator
The JavaScript version was originally designed to work with Netscape Navigator v3 .
It was updated in September 2004 to work fine with both Microsoft Internet Explorer v6 and Netscape Navigator v7 .
Bill Gates Plays Petals Around the Rose Read what happened when Bill Gates was introduced to the Petals Around the Rose puzzle in June 1977 .
How he tackled this brain teaser is an interesting insight into the man at the helm of Microsoft .
Fraternity of Petals Around the Rose Or , you might like to look at the register of those who have solved this challenge , become a Potentate of the Rose , and qualified to become a member of the Fraternity of Petals Around the Rose .
Members have pledged never to divulge the secret of the game to anyone else .
Only those that can work it out for themselves should know the secret of Petals Around the Rose .
Top ]
Last modified : Saturday , 24 May 2014
Accusing Wells Fargo & Co. of discriminating against minority borrowers by steering them into subprime mortgages , Illinois ’ attorney general sued the San Francisco bank , asking a state court to negate the loans and to fine Wells , the nation ’s largest home lender .
“ The dreams of many hardworking families have ended in foreclosure due to Wells Fargo ’s illegal and unfair conduct , ” Atty .
Gen. Lisa Madigan said in filing the lawsuit Friday in Cook County Circuit Court .
Wells Fargo disputed the allegations in the suit , which contends that the bank provided incentives to employees to steer borrowers into high - cost subprime home loans .
It says African Americans and Latinos were sold these loans more frequently than white borrowers with similar incomes , who generally received lower - cost prime mortgages .
The suit also contends some borrowers were led to believe that they were getting loans from Wells Fargo Home Mortgage , which is principally a prime lender , when in fact their loans were from a subprime unit , Wells Fargo Financial .
Advertisement
In a statement , Wells Fargo maintained that it has systems to ensure all borrowers are treated equally .
“ Our pricing is competitive and reflects the risk in the transaction including credit , loan type , loan - to - value ratio , and property type , ” Wells said .
“ Prime pricing is made available to all borrowers who qualify . ”
--
scott.reckard@latimes.com
YourFonts.com is an online font generator that allows you to create your own OpenType fonts within a couple of minutes .
Go make your own handwriting as a font !
Your own handwriting turned into your very own font
Create fonts with more than 200 characters
Optionally include your signature and digitally sign your contracts
and digitally sign your contracts
You 'll have your very own font within 15 minutes
Preview your font for free
Make as many fonts as you like
Use your fonts on Windows , Mac OS X and Linux
Personalize your digital scrapbook pages and invitations
Make your own " family handwriting history "
Use your fonts in Microsoft Word , PowerPoint and every program that you own
Just $ 9.95 ( plus $ 5.00 if you upload both template pages ) - only purchase if you 're satisfied !
High Quality Personal Handwriting Fonts
YourFonts allows you to upload large templates ( up to 6000 x 9000 pixels ) and it has the most advanced raster to vector conversion algorithm .
Together this results in unbeatable high quality personal fonts .
It 's easy and fun to digitize your handwriting , so go make your own font now !
August 24 , 2009  -- A " profanity - laced screaming match " at the White House involving CIA Director Leon Panetta , and the expected release today of another damning internal investigation , has administration officials worrying about the direction of its newly - appoint intelligence team , current and former senior intelligence officials tell ABC News.com .
Amid reports that Panetta had threatened to quit just seven months after taking over at the spy agency , other insiders tell ABCNews.com that senior White House staff members are already discussing a possible shake - up of top national security officials .
" You can expect a larger than normal turnover in the next year , " a senior adviser to Obama on intelligence matters told ABCNews.com .
Since 9/11 , the CIA has had five directors or acting directors .
A White House spokesperson , Denis McDonough , said reports that Panetta had threatened to quit and that the White House was seeking a replacement were " inaccurate . "
According to intelligence officials , Panetta erupted in a tirade last month during a meeting with a senior White House staff member .
Panetta was reportedly upset over plans by Attorney General Eric Holder to open a criminal investigation of allegations that CIA officers broke the law in carrying out certain interrogation techniques that President Obama has termed " torture . "
A CIA spokesman quoted Panetta as saying " it is absolutely untrue " that he has any plans to leave the CIA .
As to the reported White House tirade , the spokesman said Panetta is known to use " salty language . "
CIA spokesman George Little said the report was " wrong , inaccurate , bogus and false . "
Investigation by CIA Inspector General
Another source of contention for Panetta was today 's public release of an investigation by the CIA inspector general on the first two years of the agency 's interrogation and detention program .
The report has been delayed by an internal administration debate over how much of the report should be kept secret .
One CIA official said colleagues involved in the interrogation program were preparing for a far - reaching criminal investigation .
In addition to concerns about the CIA 's reputation and its legal exposure , other White House insiders say Panetta has been frustrated by what he perceives to be less of a role than he was promised in the administration 's intelligence structure .
Panetta has reportedly chafed at reporting through the director of National Intelligence , Dennis Blair , according to the senior adviser who said Blair is equally unhappy with Panetta .
" Leon will be leaving , " predicted a former top U.S. intelligence official , citing the conflict with Blair .
The former official said Panetta is also " uncomfortable " with some of the operations being carried out by the CIA that he did not know about until he took the job .
Other Candidates for the Job
The New York Times reported Thursday that the CIA had planned to use the private security contractor Blackwater to carry out assassinations of al Qaeda leaders .
Six other current and former senior intelligence officials said they too had been briefed about Panetta 's frustrations in the job , including dealing with his former Democratic colleagues in the House of Representatives .
One of the officials said the White House had begun informal discussions with candidates who were runners - up to Panetta in the CIA director selection process last year .
One of the candidates reportedly has begun a series of preparatory briefings .
" It would be a shame if such as talented a Washington hand as Panetta were to leave after one year , " said Richard Clarke , an ABC News consultant who worked on the national security team for the Clinton and Bush administrations and served as an adviser to President - elect Obama .
" It takes that long for any senior bureaucrat to begin to understand what needs to get done and how to do it , " said Clarke .
" The CIA needs some stability . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Last fall , an FDA inspection of the Allston plant found “ significant deviations from current good manufacturing practice in the manufacture of licensed therapeutic drug products , bulk drug substances , and drug components , ’’ according to a warning letter sent to Termeer on Feb. 27 .
Kelly would not say whether the deviations cited in the letter were related to the latest problem .
“ I ca n’t currently discuss anything more because it ’s an open investigation , ’’ Kelly said .
Christopher C. Kelly , an FDA spokesman , said the agency had begun a probe into the production problem at the Allston plant .
Still , Jack Johnson , 46 , who has Fabry disease , said any disruption in the drug supply “ could be disturbing to patients , there ’s no question about that .
’’
Johnson , who lives in Missouri , said he has been taking enzyme replacement drugs since 2000 .
“ It is not a life - and - death immediate acute situation we ’re dealing with here , ’’ said Henri Termeer , the company ’s chief executive .
As a result of the plant ’s shutdown , the Cambridge - based company said , Cerezyme patients could go without one or two treatments , while those taking Fabrazyme may need to skip up to four doses .
Patients usually receive the drugs intravenously every two weeks .
The missed doses will not cause significant health problems , according to Genzyme , because most patients ’ bodies have been cleansed of the fatty substances , and it takes more than a few skipped treatments for them to return .
Cerezyme is used to treat Gaucher disease , an enzyme deficiency in which fatty substances accumulate in the spleen , liver , lungs , bone marrow , and - sometimes - the brain .
It can cause bruising , enlarged organs , and lung and kidney ailments .
Fabrazyme treats
Fabry disease , in which a missing or faulty enzyme prevents the body from breaking down oils , waxes , and fatty acids that build up in the eyes and kidneys , as well as the nervous and cardiovascular systems .
“ Patients will be required to miss infusions , ’’ Geoff McDonough , president of Genzyme ’s genetic disease business unit , said during a conference call yesterday .
The current supply will need to be rationed , Genzyme said .
Shipments of the drugs , Cerezyme and Fabrazyme , have been put on hold while the US Food and Drug Administration seeks assurance from the company that none of its inventory is compromised .
Genzyme officials believe the inventory was not affected .
The drugs are used by 8,000 people worldwide and cost about $ 200,000 per patient annually .
While the virus has the ability to taint the drugs , it is not considered harmful to humans , officials said .
The manufacturing plant will remain shut through July while it is decontaminated as a precaution .
In an unprecedented move for Genzyme Corp. , the state ’s largest biotechnology company has halted production of two drugs for rare genetic disorders after a virus was discovered in production equipment at its Allston plant .
“ Everybody has contamination issues in biotechnology , but contamination with a virus is rare , ’’ said chemical engineering professor Carl W. Lawton , director of the Massachusetts Biomanufacturing Center at the University of Massachusetts at Lowell .
The two drugs are made from living cells in six bioreactors at the plant .
Genzyme said it detected the virus strain , Vesivirus 2117 , in one reactor over the weekend , using a test it engineered following two previous contamination incidents - one in Allston and another at a Genzyme facility in Belgium .
The virus impairs cell growth , a key to the production of drugs like Cerezyme and Fabrazyme .
Genzyme officials suspect the virus got into the reactor in a nutrient used to help grow the Chinese hamster ovary cells used in making Cerezyme .
“ There is no clear common source between the [ production ] lots where we have had this issue , so we are going further back in the supply process to identify the point where this could have come in , ’’ said Mark Bamforth , senior vice president for corporate operations .
But precisely where the virus originated may never be known , company officials added .
The incident reinforces the need for continued vigilance in the biotech manufacturing process , industry watchers said .
Unlike traditional chemical - based drug production , they said , even slight changes in temperature or pH , a measure of acidity , can affect a biotech treatment .
While viral contamination in biotech manufacturing is not unheard of , most cases do n’t become public because drug makers have multiple supply lines , according to industry watchers .
In this case , they said , Genzyme was compelled to announce the contamination because it disrupted the supply of drugs .
“ It ’s part of the nature of biologics , ’’ said Kevin J. Gorman , managing partner at Putnam Associates , a Burlington consulting firm specializing in life sciences .
“ Because you ’re dealing with live cell lines as opposed to inert chemicals , the manufacturing process is subject to more variables .
It ’s a very delicate process . ’’
Gorman and Domenick M. Bertelli , a partner at Putnam Associates , said biotech production has been plagued by occasional problems for decades .
But because biotech drugs are manufactured in batches as opposed to production lines , problems usually can be quickly isolated without disrupting an entire plant .
David Meeker , a Genzyme executive vice president , said the company will enhance its safeguards and screening processes to prevent future contamination .
Regardless , the incident will affect Genzyme ’s business - at least temporarily .
The company ’s shares tumbled about 5 percent to $ 52.75 yesterday on the Nasdaq exchange , down $ 2.87 for the day .
Stock analysts said the manufacturing interruption in Allston potentially could cost Genzyme $ 200 million to $ 300 million in lost revenue , depending on how much drug inventory it has on hand and how long it takes to get the plant back on line .
Last year , Cerezyme - Genzyme ’s biggest moneymaker - generated $ 1.24 billion in revenue , said spokesman Bo Piela .
Fabrazyme brought in $ 494 million .
Overall , Genzyme last year earned $ 421.1 million on revenue of $ 4.6 billion .
John L. Sullivan , research director at Leerink Swann LLC , a Boston investment bank specializing in healthcare and life sciences , said he doubted the contamination incident will hurt Genzyme ’s reputation or finances over the long term .
He cited the company ’s quick response to the virus and noted that the Allston plant manufactures products that have little competition .
“ This is a pretty unusual event , but I think they ’ll solve it and go on , ’’ Sullivan said .
“ Traditionally , in cases like these , what you worry about is a market share shift . . . with these products , that is not a consideration . ’’
Erin Ailworth can be reached at eailworth@globe.com ; Robert Weisman can be reached at weisman@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
A possible treatment for dementia ?
Drinking five cups of coffee a day could reverse memory problems seen in Alzheimer 's disease , US scientists say .
The Florida research , carried out on mice , also suggested caffeine hampered the production of the protein plaques which are the hallmark of the disease .
Previous research has also suggested a protective effect from caffeine .
But British experts said the Journal of Alzheimer 's disease study did not mean that dementia patients should start using caffeine supplements .
The results are particularly exciting in that a reversal of pre-existing memory impairment is more difficult to achieve
Dr Gary Arendash
University of South Florida
The 55 mice used in the University of South Florida study had been bred to develop symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease .
First the researchers used behavioural tests to confirm the mice were exhibiting signs of memory impairment when they were aged 18 to 19 months , the equivalent to humans being about 70 .
Then they gave half the mice caffeine in their drinking water .
The rest were given plain water .
The mice were given the equivalent of five 8 oz ( 227 grams ) cups of coffee a day - about 500 milligrams of caffeine .
The researchers say this is the same as is found in two cups of " specialty " coffees such as lattes or cappuccinos from coffee shops , 14 cups of tea , or 20 soft drinks .
When the mice were tested again after two months , those who were given the caffeine performed much better on tests measuring their memory and thinking skills and performed as well as mice of the same age without dementia .
Those drinking plain water continued to do poorly on the tests .
In addition , the brains of the mice given caffeine showed nearly a 50 % reduction in levels of the beta amyloid protein , which forms destructive clumps in the brains of dementia patients .
Further tests suggested caffeine affects the production of both the enzymes needed to produce beta amyloid .
The researchers also suggest that caffeine suppresses inflammatory changes in the brain that lead to an overabundance of the protein .
Earlier research by the same team had shown younger mice , who had also been bred to develop Alzheimer 's but who were given caffeine in their early adulthood , were protected against the onset of memory problems .
' Safe drug ' Dr Gary Arendash , who led the latest study , told the BBC : " The results are particularly exciting in that a reversal of pre-existing memory impairment is more difficult to achieve .
" They provide evidence that caffeine could be a viable ' treatment ' for established Alzheimer 's disease and not simply a protective strategy .
" That 's important because caffeine is a safe drug for most people , it easily enters the brain , and it appears to directly affect the disease process . "
The team now hope to begin human trials of caffeine to see if the mouse findings are replicated in people .
They do not know if a lower amount of caffeine would be as effective , but said most people could safely consume the 500 milligrams per day .
However they said people with high blood pressure , and pregnant women , should limit their daily caffeine intake .
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " In this study on mice with symptoms of Alzheimer 's , researchers found that caffeine boosted their memory .
We need to do more research to find out whether this effect will be seen in people .
" It is too early to say whether drinking coffee or taking caffeine supplements will help people with Alzheimer's .
Neil Hunt , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Society , said previous research into caffeine had suggested it could delay Alzheimer 's disease and even protect against vascular dementia .
" This research in mice suggests that coffee may actually reverse some element of memory impairment .
" However much more research is needed to determine whether drinking coffee has the same impact in people .
" It is too soon to say whether a cup of coffee is anything more than a pleasant pick me up . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The best thing about globalization and cheap computing is we no longer have to resort to cinematic caricatures to explain computer security to mainstream society .
Everyone on the internet has , in some way , been touched by the clammy hand of a script kiddie :
Your mom ’s e-mail is flooded by product offers for insecure men , sent from some busted home PC .
Celebrity accounts of all kinds are routinely broken into , exposing dull private lives and elementary writing abilities .
And Vista — it needs your permission to execute that instruction .
If that ’s not enough , Twitter has sailed in trailing fresh meat for web sharks : accounts of significant value operated by computing amateurs through a variety of devices and applications , users who blithely grant publishing abilities to autonomous web - bots .
What could possibly go wrong here ?
Alice does n’t live here anymore , and neither does Bob
Web APIs created a need for a new authorization protocol , so that users can grant access to third parties without sharing their primary credentials : OAuth fills this need .
It does so in a pretty simple way , but as a new technology it takes most of us a little time to wrap our heads around exactly how it works .
So in 2007 a beginner ’s guide was published including a walk - through starring Jane , a jellybean - person whose enthusiasm for Scotch is subtly indicated by a comped - in photo of a liquor bottle — much like Barbara Walters ’s Grand Marnier in Auto - tune the News # 3 .
Jane really wants to draw arrows from one isometric projection of a 1990s PC ‘ tower ’ to another , and use Windows 3.1 Media Player .
But these days we have dozens of OAuth web services IRL — you are the jellybean .
You can turn your Twitter icon green to support Iranian democracy , and you can do it without giving away your password !
For us programmers , there a dozen OAuth libraries in different languages , and a half - dozen in Java alone for various underlying HTTP libraries .
Whoopee !
On the other hand , if you do n’t want to use any of these OAuth cake mixes because you are are a wretched programming eccentric , it ’s wee bit cold out .
The Scotch - sipping guide does n’t go into enough detail for you to implement the protocol .
The main Java implementation is something of a nesting doll , hard to follow through the flow through the layers of transport abstraction .
This single - file Python example is the most readable one out there , and it ’s live .
But surprisingly to this writer , who has never really tried to read a protocol specification , the easiest way to implement OAuth was to do just that .
In these exciting times of session fixation , the correct specification is OAuth Core 1.0 Rev A Draft 3 .
( Read it and weep , session perverts . )
The text is somewhere between Ulysses and Twilight in difficulty — and far more practical than either .
If you ’re confused about any part of the OAuth process , save yourself some time and go to the source .
Your signature , please
Like most respectable protocols , OAuth is a stout little tower of layered abstraction .
As a whole it ’s a little intimidating , but on the HTTP ground floor OAuth is just a standard for signing requests .
And since web APIs are fully driven by HTTP requests , it is awfully handy to be reasonably certain that an instruction was signed off by a particular entity .
The HMAC - SHA1 signing method is the one to learn .
Clients use a one - way hash with one or two secret keys to sign a message that fully describes the request ( method , URL , and parameters ) .
When a service receives the request , it generates an identical message from the component parts .
As the service has no direct access to the message , there must be no ambiguity in the process to derive it from the request .
The service must also be able to produce whatever secret keys were used to hash the message .
As it was the service that created them in the first place , that ’s generally a matter of looking them up by the non-secret keys included in the request .
The only tricky part of this process , assuming you have an SHA1 implementation at hand , is correctly assembling the message .
The parameters it signs can include query - string and POST parameters .
Instead of trying to keep these separate and in their original order , the spec calls for them to be combined and alphabetized by key .
While this reordering seems fussy in the simplest cases , it avoids a need for special handling of the complicated ones .
Parameters going into the signed message are encoded in the regular way for query strings and posted forms , as percent - encoded name - value pairs .
The three parts of the request to be signed are then percent - encoded ( for parameters , it ’s their second time ) and joined by ampersands .
By following this procedure the client and service are able to distill the same sequence of bytes from the request and , using the secret keys known to both of them , the same signature of it .
As mentioned above , the server needs some OAuth - specific information to verify the signature , the keys to look up the secret keys , so a set of OAuth parameters is added into the request before signing it .
In the end , a singed request looks like the original request with non-secret OAuth parameters attached as well as a signature — everything but the signature parameter itself is represented in the signature .
Here is a request signing function in Scala :
It returns returns only the OAuth parameters , which you could add to other request parameters or put in an Authorization header as recommended by the spec .
Courtship rituals
Signing requests is great , but if that were all there were to OAuth it would be a Vegas wedding chapel of web - service security .
For the signatures to have any meaning , the service and the consumer ( that Twitter client you ’re going to write some day ) have to go through a routine .
It is modeled on the venerable romantic comedy genre of film .
First , the service issues you the programmer a consumer key and secret ; this is your license to love .
Then , you ’re approached by an attractive user .
You want to have a relationship with this user , one that is recognized by the service , and the user feels the same !
That ’s sweet , but hold your horses .
You must submit your request to the service , signed as a consumer .
If you ’re also a web service , you include a user - specific callback URL here so you know which user this was after you ’re married .
( Yes : this OAuth analogy implies polygamy . )
The service then issues a request token .
So now you think you are in the clear to get busy with this user now , right ?
Ha ha , dream on .
It turns out the user ’s cat hates you , and there is another programmer , and some unlikely thing happens that causes you and the user to doubt each other ’s affections — letters are lost and trains are missed .
Basically , it is uncertain times for you two !
This dramatic tension can only be resolved with an authorization request .
You have to send the user to the service holding the request token — you ca n’t do this yourself !
No , the user has to walk right up to that service , log in or whatever , and ‘ consent ’ to a read and possibly write interaction with you .
The user will hem and haw , then decide that true love is more important than the cat or the other programmer ’s fancy ways , and agree to the relationship .
The user calls you back at the address you gave , plus the request token and a verifier .
You ’re together , but the hijinks are not over yet .
( Oh , Hollywood . )
You have to go back to the service with an access request signed with your consumer and request tokens and including the verifier — ugh .
But a happy ending is a foregone conclusion at this point ; we are just teasing the audience and they know it .
The service responds with the long - sought access token .
Finally , your app has access to the user ’s details and you all live happily every after .
Just keep in mind that divorce is only a mouse click away .
Carte bl@nche
You know how the implicit keyword makes everyone crazy ?
Like most features Scala supports that Java does not , it is met with suspicion and even hostility by enterprise tourists .
Is n’t it so confusing ?
Is n’t it some kind of hack ?
Is n’t it … like C ++?
( Now that is just wrong . )
Even Scala adepts can be coy about implicit .
Do n’t write your conversions too broadly and import them all over the place , kids , or you will regret it !
( Who has done this ? )
But Haskell fugies and other typists have a very different attitude : implicit conversions are fundamental .
They are n’t a workaround for type corners or a way to fake open classes ; they are an everyday tool in an adequate type system : use them with care like any other feature .
What are these functionistas smoking ?
Immutable objects , as usual .
When you try to make a class internally immutable , like Databinder Dispatch ’s Request class , you end up writing a lot of methods that return new instances of that same class .
( The serious lambda kool - aid club thinks in ‘ modules ’ , but we are only three drinks in . )
This presents an interesting problem for extension by subclass .
Actually , not interesting — more like sucky .
Maybe you can fix it with existential types , self types , or Ionesco - typing where everything is a rhinoceros so the return values do n’t matter and the point is just to LIVE … but implicit gives us a way to steer clear of the whole mess .
In the same way implicit conversions can extend libraries you could n’t otherwise extend , they ’re an excellent first - resort to the the problem of planned extension here described .
Consider this desired expression of a Dispatch request :
val svc = Twitter .host / " oauth " def request_token ( consumer : Consumer ) = svc.secure .
POST / " request_token " <@ consumer as_token
The secure transport and parameterless post methods are new , but they are generally applicable and so have been added to Request .
The signing method <@ is not general , nor is as_token which returns a Handler that eventually returns a Token object .
How can these operators be added to Request without it having to inappropriately import OAuth ?
You probably guessed it : implicit conversions !
A class that wants to use such operations can bring them into its own scope , so that the core functionality remains unfettered ( and could be distributed as its own core module , for example ) .
If you could do this through inheritance that would be fine , but it does n’t work and implicit does so that ’s the deal .
Regard :
When the implicit conversion is in scope , a < @ operation on Request is transformed into new RequestSigner ( request ) < @ and after that things are the same as if they ’d been defined on Request itself .
Everything is statically compiled and checked ; at runtime it ’s like we wrote out the longer form .
Which is to say , if you think this is a vicious hack you must be pretty bored .
By the way , check out the split_decode method it is some functional good times .
It transforms name - value parameters into an immutable map .
Passing an unapplied method like Http.- % , which does a percent decode , directly to map is just rad .
And that ’s immediately followed by sequence matching !
It ’s almost too awesome as it is , but , if anyone knows a slimmer way than immutable .
Map.empty ++ (... ) to make that sequence into a Map , please post it to the comments .
This same technique has also been applied to the JSON ># operator , freeing dispatch .
Http of its only other Dispatch import .
Modularization , here we come , in a few weeks or whenever .
This one goes out …
Needless to say , Dispatch ’s 0.4 ’s Twitter interface supports authentication .
There are also some specs against a test server using the OAuth signing ops directly which you could do with any service , for fun and profit .
Ummmmm special thanks to simple - build - tool .
Without its steadfast support through all those recompiles , Dispatch ’s OAuth support would not be where it is today .
And thanks to Scala X - Ray for dressing up the source files .
And also Jane , for being a boozy jellybean , and auto - tuning , and …
Please make a webapp that layers Grand Marnier bottles on Twitter icons , to support Barbara Walters .
Thank you .
Citric acid is not carcinogenic .
If it would be carcinogenic , all our cells would be transferred to cancer cells , as citric acid ispresent in all cells near to the DNA ( genetic code ) .
Contrary , citric acidis one of the most safe additives that are being used in the food industry .
It is completely safe ( although not pleasant ) to eat 100 gram in a singledose .
If citric acid has anything to do with cancer , is that it has anti-carcinogenic properties ...
Why doe some people claim that it is carcinogenic ?
The citric acid cycle is also known asthe Krebs cycle , named after it 's discoverer Dr. Krebs in the 1930s .
Krebs is also the German word for cancer .
One group has misinterpreted this in the1970s as follows : Krebs cycle = cancer - cycle = citric acid cycle , hence citric acid is very carcinogenic !
This was put on a list of claims of additivespublished by the ( fake ) ' Hospital of Paris ' .
In reality citric acid has nothing to do with cancer .
The return of Ada
The following are programs written in Ada , C and Java that print to the screen the phrase " Hello World . "
Gary Matoso , of AdaCore , provided the following Ada copy .
ADA PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE
with Ada.Text_IO ;
procedure Hello_World is
begin
Ada.Text_IO.Put_Line ( " Hello World > br >
from Ada " ) ;
end Hello_World ;
C PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE
# include < stdio.h= " " >
void main ( )
{
printf ( "
Hello World
" ) ;
}
JAVA PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE
class helloworldjavaprogram
{
public static void main ( String args [ ] )
{
System.out.println ( " Hello World ! " ) ;
}
}
Last fall , contractor Lockheed Martin delivered an update to the Federal Aviation Administration 's next - generation flight data air traffic control system ' ahead of schedule and under budget , which is something you do n't often hear about in government circles .
The project , dubbed the En Route Automation Modernization System ( ERAM ) , involved writing more than 1.2 million lines of code and had been labeled by the Government Accountability Office as a high - risk effort .
GAO worried that many bugs in the program would appear , which would delay operations and drive up development costs .
Although the project 's success can be attributed to a lot of factors , Jeff O'Leary , an FAA software development and acquisition manager who oversaw ERAM , attributed at least part of it to the use of the Ada programming language .
About half the code in the system is Ada , O'Leary said , and it provided a controlled environment that allowed programmers to develop secure , solid code .
Today , when most people refer to Ada , it 's usually as a cautionary tale .
The Defense Department commissioned the programming language in the late 1970s .
The idea was that mandating its use across all the services would stem the proliferation of many programming languages and even a greater number of dialects .
Despite the mandate , few programmers used Ada , and the mandate was dropped in 1997 .
Developers and engineers claimed it was difficult to use .
Military developers stuck with the venerable C programming language they knew well , or they moved to the up - and - coming C++.
A few years later , Java took hold , as did Web application languages such as JavaScript .
However , Ada never vanished completely .
In fact , in certain communities , notably aviation software , it has remained the programming language of choice .
'
It 's interesting that people think that Ada has gone away .
In this industry , there is a technology du jour .
And people assume things disappear .
But especially in the Defense Department , nothing ever disappears , ' said Robert Dewar , president of AdaCore and a professor emeritus of computer science at New York University .
Dewar has been working with Ada since 1980 .
Last fall , the faithful gathered at the annual SIGAda 2007 conference in Fairfax , Va. , where O'Leary and others spoke about Ada 's promise .
This decades - old language can solve a few of today 's most pressing problems ' most notably security and reliability .
' We 're seeing a resurgence of interest , ' Dewar said .
' I think people are beginning to realize that C++ is not the world 's best choice for critical code .
'ERAM is the latest component in a multi- decade plan to upgrade the country 's air traffic control system .
Not surprisingly , the system had some pretty stringent development requirements , O'Leary said .
The system could never lose data .
It had to be fault - tolerant .
It had to be easily upgraded .
It had to allow for continuous monitoring .
Programs had to be able to recover from a crash .
And the code that runs the system must ' be provably and test - ably free ' of errors , O'Leary said .
And such testing should reveal when errors occur and when the correct procedures fail to occur .
' If I get packet 218 , but not 217 , it would request 217 again , ' he said .
Ada can offer assistance to programmers with many of these tasks , even if it does require more work on the part of the programmer .
' The thing people have always said about Ada is that it is hard to get a program by the compiler , but once you did , it would always work , ' Dewar said .
' The compiler is checking a lot of stuff .
Unlike a C program , where the C compiler will accept pretty much anything and then you have to fight off the bugs in the debugger , many of the problems in Ada are found by the compiler .
'That stringency causes more work for programmers , but it will also make the code more secure , Ada enthusiasts say .
When DOD commissioned the language in 1977 from the French Bull Co. , it required that it have lots of checks to ensure the code did what the programmer intended , and nothing more or less .
For instance , unlike many modern languages and even traditional ones such as C and C++ , Ada has a feature called strong typing .
This means that for every variable a programmer declares , he or she must also specify a range of all possible inputs .
If the range entered is 1 - 100 , for instance , and the number 102 is entered , then the program wo n't accept that data .
This ensures that a malicious hacker can't enter a long string of characters as part of a buffer overflow attack or that a wrong value wo n't later crash the program .
Ada allows developers to prove security properties about programs .
For instance , a programmer might want to prove that a variable is not altered while it is being used through the program .
Ada is also friendly to static analysis tools .
Static analysis looks at the program flow to ensure odd things are n't taking place ' such as making sure the program always calls a certain function with the same number of arguments .
' There is nothing in C that stops a program from doing that , ' Dewar said .
' In Ada , it is impossible . '
After failing to keep up with royalty payments , Warner Music has been forced to honor a clause in a rapper 's contract which said the music giant would pay for her education for life .
Congratulations go out to the now Dr. Roxanne Shanté , the hip - hop talent behind the 1984 groundbreaker , Roxanne 's Revenge .
Back in 1984 , mentored by R&B group Full Force , hip - hop outfit U.T.F.O ( Untouchable Force Organization ) released a track entitled “ Hanging Out ” which did n’t enjoy much success at all .
However , on the B - side of the single was a track called “ Roxanne , Roxanne ” which became a hip - hop classic .
“ Roxanne , Roxanne ” inspired several of what are known as ‘ answer records ’ .
Made popular in early blues and R&B tracks , ‘ answer records ’ respond to the reference track , and in hip - hop these ‘ answers ’ were often part of a dispute .
The dispute over “ Roxanne , Roxanne ” arose after U.F.T.O failed to appear at a radio promotional show .
A then 14 - year - old Lolita Shanté Gooden overhead a conversation between a record producer and a DJ about the no-show and offered to make an ‘ answer record ’ to get back at them .
The classic hip - hop track “ Roxanne ’s Revenge ” was born .
But now , 25 years after the first queen of hip - made her world debut selling 250,000 copies but getting sold short on the royalties , Roxanne really has gotten her revenge on record label Warner Music .
In a brilliant article chronicling an amazing journey , Shanté explains how a quarter of a century on , Warner has had to dig deep to honor a clause in her original contract – to finance her education for life .
At 25 and married with a son and daughter , Shanté left the music business to become a psychologist and , thanks to the long forgotten clause ( by Warner at least ) , she did n’t have to put her hand in her own pocket to find the $ 217,000 it took to achieve her dreams .
But of course , it was n’t straight forward .
“ They [ Warner ] kept stumbling over their words , and they did n’t have an exact reason why they were telling me no , ” Shanté said .
But in the end , her persistence paid off .
Dr. Roxanne Shanté earned her Ph.D. in psychology from Cornell and after a long battle in which she threatened to go public , finally got Warner to honor their obligations and hand over the cash .
Good to see Warner being forced to look after their artists , even if it is through gritted teeth .
My co-workers and I are completely stumped .
What is the object pictured below ?
Every time we walk by it , we stop to discuss what it could possibly be , and no one has hit upon anything that seems sensible .
It 's placed between two driveways , the lower circular plate is fixed , and the upper circular plate is attached to some kind of motorized positioning jobbie .
The lower plate is a somewhat lustrous white ( not mirrored ) , and the upper plate is flat white .
We have compiled a lengthy list of conjectures , but I 'm wondering if someone actually knows ...
WHAT ON EARTH IS THIS THING ?!
EH.net is owned and operated by the Economic History Association with the support of other sponsoring organizations .
Shut up Goldman Sachs ( GS ) !
You 're playing right into the hands of all your enemies and everyone who believes you know how to manipulate the stock market :
Bloomberg :
At a court appearance July 4 in Manhattan , Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Facciponti told a federal judge that Aleynikov ’s alleged theft poses a risk to U.S. markets .
Aleynikov transferred the code , which is worth millions of dollars , to a computer server in Germany , and others may have had access to it , Facciponti said , adding that New York - based Goldman Sachs may be harmed if the software is disseminated .
“ The bank has raised the possibility that there is a danger that somebody who knew how to use this program could use it to manipulate markets in unfair ways , ” Facciponti said , according to a recording of the hearing made public yesterday .
“ The copy in Germany is still out there , and we at this time do not know who else has access to it . ”
And by " somebody who knew how to use this program " do they mean themselves ?
After bearing the brunt of a seemingly never - ending stream of complaints about the iPhone app store , Apple has finally done a little something that will actually leave developers smiling .
One of the most commonly voiced complaints about the iTunes App Store is the lack of transparency Apple provides developers .
For some developers , the app approval process can be a 2 - month ordeal that often leaves them wondering what the hell is going on in Cupertino , while for others , the waiting list to push out important bug fixes has the potential to leave customers in dire situations .
As of early last week , those problems have both been addressed .
First ,
Apple recently added a queue that gives developers with pending app submissions an estimated time - frame for when they can expect their app to be approved and get up and running on iTunes .
But wait , there ’s more !
Apple has also provided a new method of communication for developers to get in touch with Apple when urgent issues arise , such as the need to issue a significant bug fix .
By using a newly provided email address ( appreview [ at ] apple.com ) , developer problems can be prioritized over less - urgent developer concerns and questions , and immediately be brought to the attention of the app store review team .
And in case this idea sounds somewhat familiar , it ’s the same solution that Twitterific developer Craig Hockenberry proposed back in early June .
If every developer was given one or two “ prioritized reviews , ” it would act as insurance for the brain farts .
You ’d have a way to raise a flag and say “ I need special attention for a critical bug . ”
If another developer has a critical bug , I have no problem with my review process for a feature release taking a little longer .
And since prioritized reviews would be a scarce resource , they wo n’t be open for abuse because developers will think twice before using them .
While I ’m sure developers still have some bones to pick with Apple , this is certainly a promising step in the right direction .
Raven Software , a subsidiary of Activision and developer behind recent titles Wolfenstein and X - Men Origins : Wolverine was hit with layoffs today .
No word on just how many were let go , but Activision says it 'll help the studio going forward .
" With the recent completion of both X - men Origins : Wolverine , based on the summer blockbuster movie , and Wolfenstein , the next chapter of the famed franchise , Raven Software is slightly reducing its workforce to better reflect the studios upcoming slate , " an Activision spokesperson told IGN .
Shacknews reports up to 50 employees from all areas of the studio were let go , a source said .
That does n't mesh with Activision 's " slightly reducing " claim , however .
Endrant Studios , who helped co-develop the multiplayer portions of Wolfenstein with Raven Studios , were hit with layoffs last week on the day of the game 's release .
Madison , North Carolina - Remington has been notified by its supplier of 17 HMR ammunition that 17 HMR ammunition is not suitable for use in semi-automatic firearms .
The use of this ammunition in a semi-automatic firearm could result in property damage or serious personal injury .
If you have a semi-automatic firearm chambered for 17 HMR ammunition , immediately discontinue use of Remington 17 HMR ammunition .
If you have any Remington 17 HMR ammunition that you wish to return to Remington contact the Remington Consumer Service number below .
Do not return the ammunition to the dealer .
Remington will provide you with a $ 10.00 coupon for each complete box of 50 rounds of Remington branded 17 HMR ammunition you return to Remington .
This coupon will be good for the purchase of any Remington ammunition at your local dealer .
In light of the ammunition manufacturer 's notice , it is very important that you immediately stop using your Remington Model 597 17 HMR semi-automatic rifle .
If you own a Remington Model 597 17 HMR semi-automatic rifle and wish to return it to Remington please contact the below Remington Consumer Service Number .
In return for your Remington Model 597 17 HMR synthetic stock semi-automatic rifle , Remington will provide you a coupon valued at $ 200.00 good for the purchase of a replacement Remington firearm .
If you have a laminate stock Remington Model 597 17 HMR semi-automatic rifle , Remington will provide you a coupon valued at $ 250.00 good for the purchase of a replacement Remington firearm .
Remington will also reimburse you for the actual postage to return your Model 597 17 HMR semi-automatic rifle to Remington .
Please allow up to 6 weeks after Remington receives your Model 597 17 HMR semi-automatic rifle or your Remington branded 17 HMR ammunition for the appropriate coupons to arrive .
Instructions for redemption of the coupons will be contained on the coupon .
For any consumer questions or instructions on how to return of your Model 597 17 HMR semi-automatic rifle or your Remington branded 17 HMR ammunition , please contact the Remington Consumer Service Department at 1-800-243-9700 , Prompt # 3 .
We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause .
Safety First
Always observe the ten commandments of safe gun handling and wear approved eye and ear protection anytime you are shooting .
The User Blog Mod has been disabled .
Mosley agreed the new deal with F1 teams on Friday night
The future of Formula 1 has been secured after the sport 's governing body and 12 teams put pen to paper on a new Concorde Agreement .
The agreement , which runs until the end of 2012 , brings to a close months of wrangling between the FIA and the Formula 1 Teams ' Association ( Fota ) .
The FIA said the signing heralds " a renewed period of stability " for F1 .
It added that the document features a " slightly revised set of stable sporting and technical regulations . "
The lack of a new Concorde deal - the document that sets out how F1 is run and its revenues distributed - had been a key sticking point during disagreements between the FIA and Fota earlier this season .
However , the signing of the new agreement heralds a final resolution to the political rows that have destabilised the sport throughout 2009 .
An FIA statement on Saturday read : " Following approval by the World Motor Sport Council ( WMSC ) , late last night FIA President Max Mosley signed the 2009 Concorde Agreement , heralding a renewed period of stability for the FIA Formula One World Championship .
" The WMSC has also approved a slightly revised set of stable Sporting and Technical Regulations ( to apply from the 2010 Championship onwards ) , which have been agreed by the FIA and the Teams and which will be published on the FIA 's website .
606 : DEBATE Looks like Max and Bernie have pulled there fingers out along with the FOTA
goggs999
" The new Concorde Agreement , which runs until 31 December 2012 , provides for a continuation of the procedures in the 1998 Concorde Agreement , with decisions taken by working groups and commissions , upon which all teams have voting rights , before going to the WMSC for ratification .
The FIA statement also confirmed that a final agreement had been reached over the issue of cost - cutting along lines previously agreed .
" In addition , as agreed in Paris on 24 June 2009 , the Teams have entered into a resource restriction agreement , which aims to return expenditure to the levels that prevailed in the early 1990s , " read the statement .
BMW Sauber , who this week confirmed they would pull out of F1 at the end of the season , are the only current team to have not signed the document , with new grand prix teams USF1 , Campos Meta and Manor GP all doing so .
It is understood BMW 's bosses have until Wednesday 5 August to sign the document should they elect to stay in F1 in 2010 and beyond .
F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone expressed his pleasure at the resolution , suggesting that delays in the agreement had resulted from a clash between the teams and Mosley .
Ecclestone had said a breakaway would be a ' disaster ' for F1 " It 's taken a long time because we 've now got this team trade union which is difficult to operate because inside the trade union there is all the teams which in themselves are trade unions and they can't agree themselves what they want to do , " Ecclestone told BBC 5 Live 's Sportsweek programme .
" They 've been opposed to Max Mosley who wants to reduce the costs , which has proved to be necessary and that 's what its all been about .
" They think Max has run things the way he wants to and in the end they wanted to do their own Championship , which they should have known they could n't do anyway .
" It 's all done now , everybody 's signed so it 's all good . "
F1 was thrown into confusion in July when the eight teams in the rebel umbrella group Fota were told they were not entered in the 2010 championship .
This contradicted an announcement by the FIA 's world council on 24 June which listed McLaren , Ferrari , Renault , BMW , Toyota , Brawn , Red Bull and Toro Rosso as confirmed entries after Max Mosley , president of F1's governing body the FIA , had reached a compromise deal with Fota chairman and Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo and Ecclestone .
As part of that agreement , the outline of next year 's rules was set , the teams agreed to commit to F1 until 2012 , Mosley 's plan for a £ 40 m budget cap was replaced with an agreement to reduce costs to " mid-1990s levels " by Fota 's methods and the FIA president agreed not to stand again for the governing body 's presidence in October 's elections .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ context , in case you need it ]
Obama has proposed including a " public option " which would basically be single - payer health care , but coexist with private for - profit insurance .
People or employers could choose the public option , just as they could choose any existing private plan .
If it turns out to be better than private insurers , they 'll either get better to survive , or they 'll get smaller and we 'll have national single payer , more or less .
Angry protesters at legislator 's town hall meetings have some effect on the legislators , but have a lot more effect on news coverage , by far .
Our mainstream press has n't gotten used to the expanded power of the new progressive movement , because it 's so new .
That 's why they were so shocked that Obama won the Democratic nomination , for example .
In fact the press was so badly caught off guard by that that they did n't even report that Obama had basically won until about three months after everyone who was looking at the numbers already knew it .
They just could n't believe it .
If we win on health care , much of the press wo n't believe it until after it has really happened .
Three committees in the US House , and one committee in the Senate , have already completed health care legislation that includes a public option .
Only one committee , the Senate Finance Committee , is still arguing out their version of health care reform , and they 're the only ones working on a bill that does n't have a public option .
But because they 're the only committee still actively working on it , they 're getting all the press coverage .
Batman : Arkham Asylum , the highly anticipated title from independent developer Rocksteady Studios , has finally gotten a release date for its scheduled PSN demo .
The 3rd person action title garnered a lot of attention at E3 , particularly because of its gorgeous collector ’s edition packaging , and is looking promising so far .
Come August 7th 2009 , gamers will be able to download the Batman : Arkham Asylum demo and “ get a sneak peak at some of the infamous foes that Batman will encounter within the cavernous and macabre confines of Arkham Asylum . ”
Batman : Arkham Asylum releases August 25th for North America , and August 28th for Europe .
Make sure to stick with PlayStation LifeStyle for our imminet review of the title .
[ Source ]
From the strange world of approved and rejected Apple App Store apps comes word today that Apple has approved a medicinal Cannabis location app for the iPhone and iPod touch .
Advertisement
And good on them , I say .
Medicinal Cannabis use works , alleviates pain , and allows people who need some serious stress relief — say , from cancer — to get that relief and feel great doing it .
The app is based on Ajnag.com , which has existed for a while as a legitimate medicinal Cannabis location site on the Web .
In fact , once you download the app to your iPhone , you have a veritable smorgasbord of legal Cannbis services at your fingertips :
Once you have received your medical cannabis recommendation from a qualified physician , you will need to locate an organization that can provide you with medical cannabis .
Access the Cannabis application again .
Press locate .
The nearest medical cannabis collectives , cooperatives or facilities will appear with little green dots on a map of your current or selected location .
Get real - time door - to - door directions .
Add the locations ' details to your iPhone contact list .
If the unfortunate happens , and you find yourself in legal trouble over your medicinal herb , pull out your cannabis application once again .
Pin point local attorneys who specialize in marijuana - related offenses .
Advertisement
And one more thing ...
If you need medicinal marijuana and do n't live in one of them wonderfully progressive hippie states , like California , there 's an app for that too .
This one :
Not living in a medical cannabis state ?
The only way to make cannabis change is to take action .
Your new iPhone application will locate the nearest cannabis - reform group so you can get involved .
If you 're suffering , and get approval from a doctor , get some herb .
This $ 3 app will help you keep tabs on where to get more when it 's all out .
Ed note :
And yes , my newly promoted commenter friend , you might have to be high to pay three bucks for such an app .
But , if you 're new to an area ...
[ ajnag.com - Thanks , Cheryl ]
That is , two bugs in the language specification that allow a program to compile without warnings but to produce a ClassCastException at runtime on a line with no explicit cast .
This subtle interaction between generics and inner classes pales in comparison to ...
The Java language specification lacks rules about casts to inner classes .
Commonly used versions of javac happen to allow us to cast to Inner — that is , to cast to Outer < E > .
Inner — without a warning .
The more honest version of the cast , ( Outer < E > . Inner ) , ought likewise to be permitted with a warning ; it 's rejected outright .
Code
import java.util.HashSet ; import static java.util.Collections.singleton ; class Printer { static < E > void print ( Iterable < E> input ) { for ( E e : input ) { System.out.println ( " Unsorted " + e ) ; } } } class Sorted Printer extends Printer { static < E extends Comparable < ?
super E >> void print ( Iterable < E> input ) { for ( E e : input ) { System.out.println ( " Sorted " + e ) ; } } } class Caller { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { SortedPrinter.print(singleton ( 1 ) ) ; SortedPrinter.print(singleton(null ) ) ; SortedPrinter.print(singleton(new HashSet < Object >( ) ) ) ; } }
Output
Sorted 1 Sorted null Exception in thread " main " java.lang.ClassCastException : java.util.HashSet cannot be cast to java.lang .
Comparable at SortedPrinter.print( Caller.java:14 ) at Caller.main( Caller.java:24 )
Explanation
You need two obscure pieces of knowledge to understand this one :
At runtime , methods are identified by these four pieces of information : return type
class name
method name
argument types ( Note the absence of anything related to type parameters . )
Indirect references to static methods are compiled oddly : class Base { static void foo ( ) {} } class Derived extends Base { }
The bytecode for a call to Derived . foo( ) is " void Derived.foo( ) , " not " void Base.foo ( ) . "
The VM knows to look for the method first in Derived and then in Base .
So : The compiler can see that Collection < HashSet < Object >> does not implement Comparable .
Thus , it chooses the more general " inherited " version < E > print ( Iterable < E > ) over the restricted version < E extends Comparable < ?
super E >> print ( Iterable <E > ) .
Nevertheless , per point # 2 above , the bytecode it produces still reads " void SortedPrinter.print ( Iterable ) . "
The VM sees " void SortedPrinter.print ( Iterable ) " and begins its search for void print ( Iterable ) in SortedPrinter .
Sorted Printer has exactly such a method .
The fact that it requires its input to be Comparable is unavailable at runtime .
The VM chooses that method .
Thus , all three " SortedPrinter. print ( ) " calls end up really calling SortedPrinter.print ( ) , even though the compiler / IDE believes it is compiling a call to Printer. print ( ) in the HashSet case .
At runtime , SortedPrinter.print ( ) implicitly casts each element of its input to Comparable ( " for ( E e : input ) " ) , and the failure to cast HashSet gives us a ClassCastException .
More Fun
This is a hole in the type system , but the fun does n't stop there .
By adding method X , I can cause a call to method Y to become a call to method Z : import java.util .
HashSet ; import static java.util.Collections.singleton ; class Base { static < E > Object count ( Iterable < E> input ) { System.out.println ( " Base " ) ; int count = 0 ; for ( E e : input ) { count ++ ; } return count ; } } class Sub extends Base { /* static < E > Integer count ( Iterable < E> input ) { System.out.println ( " Sub " ) ; int count = 0 ; for ( E e : input ) { count ++ ; } return count ; }*/ } class Subsub extends Sub { static < E extends Comparable <?
super E >> Integer count ( Iterable < E> input ) { System.out.println ( " Subsub " ) ; int count = 0 ; for ( E e : input ) { count ++ ; } return count ; } } class Caller2 { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { Subsub.count( singleton ( 1 ) ) ; Subsub.count(singleton( null ) ) ; Subsub.count( singleton( new HashSet < Object >( ) ) ) ; } } With Sub.count ( ) commented out , we get : Subsub Base Base With Sub.count ( ) restored , we get : Subsub Subsub Subsub < the ClassCastException >
Notice that in no case is Sub.count ( ) itself called .
Its mere presence affects the behavior of the program .
Why ?
The existence of Sub.count ( ) makes the compiler write " Integer Subsub.count ( ) " instead of " Object Subsub.count ( ) . "
At runtime , the former resolves to Subsub.count ( ) ; the latter , to Base.count ( ) .
If you do want Sub.count ( ) to be called , you must change its return type to Object .
Then we get : Subsub Sub Sub Changing the method 's return type again changes which method is called .
The first method the compiler finds when looking for an appropriate Subsub.count ( ) is still Sub.count ( ) , but now it writes " Object Subsub.count ( ) " instead of " Integer Subsub.count ( ) . "
At runtime , the former resolves to the appropriate method .
Lessons
Hillary Clinton helped plant marigolds during her visit
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has helped clear rubble and plant flowers as she visited two housing schemes near Cape Town , South Africa .
The most senior diplomat in the US also danced as she was welcomed with music at the Victoria Mxenge Housing project , which she first visited 12 years ago .
When asked if she wanted to donate to the project , Mrs Clinton handed over $ 50 ( £ 30 ) borrowed from an aide .
Mrs Clinton is visiting South Africa on a tour of seven African nations .
Correspondents say she was in her element as she toured the Victoria Mxenge project , which she had visited while she was first lady in 1997 and 1998 .
Stopping off at a second project , she called on staff to lend a hand to teams of women preparing ground for a new building .
They cleared rubble from the site and planted flowers and a tree .
" This is what I really believe in , " she was quoted as saying during the tour .
" I mean , I have travelled literally all over the world and when people organise themselves and are given the tools and the training to really empower themselves and their future and build houses and communities , that 's what 's lasting . "
When one woman asked if Mrs Clinton wanted to make a contribution she explained she had no money on her , and turned to Africa envoy Johnnie Carson , who drew a $ 50 note from his wallet .
" These are good businesswomen , " Mrs Clinton said .
Formula
One motor racing boss Bernie Ecclestone said he regretted the upset caused by his praise of Adolf Hitler 's leadership .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
During a weekend newspaper interview in which he criticised the current political process , the billionaire spoke of the Nazi dictator 's ability to " get things done " and said Hitler had " got taken away and persuaded to do things " .
But speaking to the Associated Press agency , Mr Ecclestone said " things were taken a little bit wrong " .
He said : " ( Hitler ) brought a country that was bankrupt into a country that was very strong and that was really demonstrating what someone could do if they had the power and did n't have to keep back and referring every five minutes .
" The trouble with politicians and democracy is they all the time have to compromise , they can't do what they want to do because there is somebody in opposition .
It certainly takes a lot longer to do something .
" I regret that it did n't come out like that , upsetting people is the last thing I wanted to do , obviously . "
Mr Ecclestone , 78 , said he was being positive only about Hitler 's leadership of Nazi Germany between 1932 and 1938 , adding : " After that the guy was obviously a lunatic .
" It 's probably my fault in that I got dragged into something I was n't supposed to discuss - we got out of F1 into something else . "
Hitler presided over the Nazi genocide of six million Jews during the Second World War .
In The Times newspaper interview on Saturday , the Formula One boss also said Max Mosley , president of the motor racing body FIA and son of British fascist Sir Oswald Mosley , would make a good prime minister .
Mr Ecclestone 's comments attracted widespread criticism , with Stephen Pollard , editor of the Jewish Chronicle , saying he was " either an idiot or morally repulsive " .
The World Jewish Congress also said that he should resign .
But Mr Ecclestone was dismissive of the call , telling AP : " I think the people who are saying that ( I should resign ) have n't got the power to say these things . "
The Baltic nation of Lithuania is bracing for a nationwide party as it prepares to mark its symbolic 1,000th birthday and give itself some respite from a daily fare of economic crisis headlines .
Lithuania 's woes - the economy is expected to shrink around 18 percent this year - have cast a shadow over its capital Vilnius ' year - long status as a European Capital of Culture .
That has left the country of 3.4 million people determined to put on a show tomorrow , when it marks its national day with a combination street partying and official ceremonies with guests such as the monarchs of Denmark , Norway and Sweden plus the presidents of neighboring republics .
Lithuania declared independence from the crumbling Soviet Union in 1990 .
Like many ex-communist states , however , it has been keen to underline that it is no newcomer on the map of Europe .
Its national day , for example , commemorates the 1253 coronation of its first king , Mindaugas .
The reconstructed palace of Lithuania 's monarchs will be inaugurated as part of festivities that also include a performance by a choir of 11,000 .
" This event is very important ... because Lithuania is again an independent state , " said Ernesta Darguziene , head of a folk ensemble .
Appsec industry trends - looking forward
Recently , it has come to my attention that industry people I respect ( and vice versa ) have desired me to re-post some comments I 've made on other blogs .
It 's also high - time that we at TS - SCI / Security begin writing again .
I can tell you that since March ( our last post ) , Marcin and I have been involved heavily in our day - to - day work at client - sites and other community efforts / projects .
A lot of new research is going to begin to become available from BlackHat / Defcon .
It 's just that time of year where everyone starts to share their work with others .
While we can't exactly reveal everything that we 're working on quite yet , be sure to check in for updates .
I have been begging Marcin to post something on an HTTP - related argument we got into about the Post / Redirect / Get pattern , as one example .
Comment gone wrong #
1
There was some interesting discussion lately on the OWASP News Podcast , in particular , Podcast 32 .
This is the first News Podcast that I missed ( I was on a plane at the time we recorded ) , and having just listened to it -- I certainly think it 's worth your time to listen to .
This particular News Podcast set off a blog post from Jeremiah Grossman where he says OWASP Podcast # 32 pulls no punches .
I attempted to comment , but the comment eventually disappeared -- perhaps Jeremiah did n't appreciate my insights .
Others did , so here it is :
on the appsec market maturity and potentiality prediction -- i rate [ discount black - box appsec SaaS ] as low - value , and in the future , will continue to be low - value .
selling discount app pen-tests hurts infosec management as a whole because you 're trying to tell ciso's that they can buy some freedom for $ 25 k / yr ( or whatever it is ) .
in reality , they need to spend millions of dollars over several years .
discount app pen-tests need to go out of style .
here 's why : because the middle - ground and potential high - value comes from partnering with a trusted adviser ( i.e. an appsec consulting company ) , or attempting to retain this talent in - house ( which most companies -- including Microsoft who built lists of individual talent to target -- have pretty much failed ) .
every BPO ( business process outsourcing ) expert knows that the ideal is to avoid " discount " shops and focus on real partnerships , but do n't give any single one partnership everything .
for example , attempt to retain 20 % of your appsec program internally ASAP ( this does take time -- do n't expect it to happen overnight ) , while outsourcing initially 20 % to one minor company ( e.g. Gotham Digital Science , Aspect Security , Denim Group , Matasano , Independent Security Evaluators ) , then adding a bigger company ( e.g. Accenture / McAfee / Verisign ) for another 20 % to take over the smaller company 's 20 % if [ expectations are not met -- or major changes occur , such as buyouts ] .
The next step is to figure out a balance of adding more consulting companies somewhere in the 40 - 80 % range , while growing your internal talent .
investing in this model is extremely expensive and extremely difficult to manage .
ciso's are having problems finding / retaining talent , drafting RFI 's , reading RFP's , following up on references , and deciding who is really talented and how that talent applies to the applications in their appsec programs .
most can't or wo n't even draft an appsec policy .
[ low - bid / low - value app pen-test houses , especially SaaS - based ones ] convolute and diminish the returns that are necessary to build or even start an efficient appsec program .
that 's EXACTLY what Andrew van der Stock was trying to say .
if you want software security ROI , go read Sadbury , Soo Hoo , and Jacquith 's " Tangible ROI through secure software engineering " or follow any of the work that Steve McConnell has done , which this referenced paper was based on .
if you want to keep selling the idea that your McDonalds solution is the bread - and - butter of modern appsec innovation ... best of luck to you .
there 's plenty of analysts , whole appsec consulting businesses , bloggers , and podcasters that are all saying that a ) you 're wrong , b ) you sell a one - size - fits - all solution to companies that " do n't get it " which almost forces them to stay in the " do n't get it " mode near - permanently , and c ) the jury is out and the case is closed : appsec consulting is the correct path and one - stop - shops that do one - off , cheap app pen-tests are so 2008 .
Aftermath and reasoning
My comments were due in part to actual recent industry analyst research , so they were not unfounded or inappropriate .
More to the point , they were factual and unbiased .
Chenxi Wang , Ph.D. , Robert Whiteley , and Margaret Ryan of Forrester Research published a report entitled TechRadar For SRM Professionals : Application Security , Q3 2009 Application Security Comes Of Age Despite A Slowdown In Security Spend .
The date on the report was July 18th , 2009 .
In the report , several technologies were evaluated , including :
Application scanning Application security consulting Application security SaaS Penetration testing Protocol testing Software protection Source code analysis Web application firewall
These topics and research are not new to our blog , where we have discussed many of them .
Take these examples :
Posted by Dre on Saturday , July 25 , 2009 in Security .
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/29/2009
Such a dumb assessment !
by Jeremy Hooper
Okay , not to downplay the nastiness of Rep .
Foxx comments -- but is it possible for Perez Hilton to denounce any female 's rhetoric without resorting to nonsense like this ?
And if not , can he stop putting on a suit and playing the role of activist ?
Please .
Emphasis on the please .
Some of us who prefer reasoned refutations of regression are already sick of the mileage that our far - right opposition has been able to get out of Perez 's sexist bumblefuckery of the Miss California situation .
So if he can't criticize or even denounce without ad hominem " b " and " c " words , we are begging our fellow blogger :
Stick with superficial attacks on whatever outfit Heidi Montag chose to wear on a specific day , and let us take on the congressmembers who wear bias on their sleeves .
Because while an assessment of Heidi might lead to awkward stares at Fred Segal , this sort of highly - trafficked low road can cause has caused repercussions for an entire movement .
North Carolina Should Be Ashamed ! [ Perez Hilton ]
*EARLIER : Hey Perez :
You 're really not helping here , buddy ! [ G - A - Y ]
Perez / Prejean .
Yes , again .
Sorry [ G - A - Y ]
Your thoughts
" is it possible for Perez Hilton to denounce any female 's rhetoric without resorting to nonsense like this ? "
No because he 's a dumb b*tch !
Posted by : Alonzo | Apr 29 , 2009 7:41:49 PM
Riddle me this - will the religious right sidestep
Foxx 's comments and try to use Hilton 's comments to claim that misogyny is active in the " gay male lifestyle ? "
Posted by : a. mcewen | Apr 29 , 2009 7:57:31 PM
PEREZ !!
SHUT UP ALREADY !!
Emphasis on what I just said !!
At this point , I would defend Foxx from Perez even though Foxx is SO wrong , but the bill has already passed and I 'm already moving on .
Posted by : Sam | Apr 29 , 2009 8:11:51 PM
Perez Hilton = Ann Coulter
Posted by : Timothy | Apr 29 , 2009 8:18:58 PM
I appreciate the humor , however , the comments Virginia Foxx made today on the floor were so disgusting all I can do is cry knowing that a Mother had to sit there and listen to the lies .
Posted by : Jon | Apr 29 , 2009 8:41:59 PM
Have anyone noticed that Perez Hilton has --- how shall one say .... mental problems ?
The more abuse and scorn piled on him , the better he likes it .... in fact , he likes it enough to sink the whole ship as long as he can get vilified the whole way down .
He will take ANY kind of attention , whether it 's positive or negative , as long as he gets some .
Just ignore him about this whole thing and he will soon move on to something else .
Insults and pleadings to abandon the newly - found " activism " will only keep him fixated on the activity .
Posted by : Candace | Apr 29 , 2009 9:13:21 PM
At least he did n't call her a cunt .
I did .
Why do you care what Perez Hilton called that dispicable woman ?
We 're not going to get any rights if we wait for everyone " to like " us .
Posted by : Houston | Apr 29 , 2009 9:17:33 PM
@ Houston
The object is n't to get them to ' like us ' , it 's to get them to have human respect / decency for us .
This can not be accomplished that well if people call the opposite side swear words .
Posted by : Clicky the Fox | Apr 29 , 2009 10:03:40 PM
As she is KO 's WORST Person in the World ... for saying these things , when Judy Shepard was in the gallery ...
See Countdown transcript tomorrow ...
His summation :
She should not be representing the American people ...
She should resign ...
She is a national shame .
Not only that , but I will say it ... she is a SHAME to Women and Mothers everywhere .
If I were in her district , she would be out tomorrow !
MOTHERS know how to defend their young .
( Not that Dads dont too ... you know what I mean . )
Mother Against Rep .
Foxx where are you ??
Posted by : LOrion | Apr 29 , 2009 10:10:19 PM
Normally I 'd agree with you , but in this case I think " dumb bitch " was n't strong enough .
Posted by : Bruno | Apr 29 , 2009 10:33:22 PM
And the object is also not to do anything that 's counterproductive .
I do n't see the sense with giving the opposition ammunition to tell lies about us .
It 's not about being liked , it 's about being smart .
Posted by : a. mcewen | Apr 29 , 2009 10:33:59 PM
I suppose Judy Shepard is somewhat use to negative things being said , but this was just too much .
I sort of wish Judy could have taken a couple of swings at Foxx .
Posted by : Mike in the Tundra | Apr 29 , 2009 11:24:29 PM
Unfortunately , I think Hilton 's inability to see beyond his own face is only going to hurt here ... certainly , his comments do fall in line with what I see in the gay community : scads and scads of woman - bashing .
Yep , she 's dumb , but he could have used THAT as his nominative and left it at that .
Posted by : Erc | Apr 30 , 2009 10:17:03 AM
Rep Foxx is a dumb bitch !
Perez called it right in this case !
And BTW , do n't be so high and mighty about who is and who is n't the right kind of Gay Activist .
Puhleez .
Posted by : chapeau | May 4 , 2009 1:41:48 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Tell your story .
Make it brief .
You can enter it in the comments section below .
We will put the best ones on the front page !
By submitting a story , you give SixWordStories .
net the right to re-publish and distribute your work on this website , and in any other formats ( including our Twitter feed , RSS feed , and possible publication in a book ) .
The original submission page is here , along with the 5,600 + stories that were submitted up until July , 2009 .
We had to create a new one because the comments got maxed out .
Mercurial is a distributed version control system .
If you ’re used to using Subversion , a DVCS can seem exotic and bewildering .
But they are n’t so different , and you can use Mercurial with a simple workflow similar to your Subversion workflow .
This will get you started using Mercurial , and you can adopt DVCS techniques slowly , as you need them .
This is an introduction to Mercurial for developers already using Subversion .
I ’ll cover the basics of duplicating your Subversion workflow with Mercurial .
Many things are the same between the two , but there are important differences .
Really really quick
In a hurry ?
These are equivalents :
SVN way HG way svn checkout hg clone svn commit hg commit
then : hg push svn status hg status svn diff hg diff svn add
svn rm hg add
hg rm
better : hg ci - A svn update hg pull -u svnadmin create hg init ??? cool extras :
hg rollback
hg serve
Want more info ?
Read on ...
Similarities
In both Subversion and Mercurial , a repository stores changes made to a set of files over time .
You can make a local copy of a shared repository , edit files , and share them back with the central repository .
But how this is accomplished is very different in the two systems .
Subversion is a centralized system : there is a single repository .
Developers check out the project into a local working tree .
When a change is ready , it ’s checked in to the central repository where other users can see it .
This is a star topology with the repository at the center and developers ’ working trees at the spokes .
In contrast , Mercurial is a distributed system .
There can be many repositories , and none is “ the real ” repository , all are peers .
When you get a copy of a repository to work on , you actually create a repository on your own machine , paired with a working tree in which to edit files .
Your private repository is technically no different than a shared repository .
The only difference is that the shared repository is used by many developers , and your private repository is used by only you .
Installation
After installing Mercurial , you need to make one configuration setting , your identity .
Edit ~/.hgrc to add your username :
[ ui ]
username = Your Name < your@email.com >
Using Mercurial
Like Subversion , Mercurial ’s command - line interface is a single command with a short name : hg ( from the chemical symbol for mercury ) .
You can use Mercurial through other interfaces , but I ’ll just be talking about the command line in this tutorial .
“ hg help ” works just like “ svn help ” , showing you commands and options , with details on each when needed .
Getting a copy of a project
To get your own copy of a project , you use the “ hg clone ” command .
It ’s called clone because you are actually making a new repository as a copy of the project ’s .
The project will give you an address for its repository , in the form of a URL .
You use that with clone to make your own repository :
$ hg clone http://path.to/repo.for/coolproject
destination directory : coolproject
requesting all changes
adding changesets
adding manifests
adding file changes
added 259 changesets with 591 changes to 125 files
updating working directory
112 files updated , 0 files merged , 0 files removed , 0 files unresolved
Now you have your own working tree named for the last component of the project URL .
In Subversion , every directory in the tree has a hidden directory called .svn containing clean copies of the files , and other bookkeeping information .
In Mercurial , there ’s only a single .hg directory at the root of the working tree , and it contains an entire repository , including the complete history of the project .
One big different between Mercurial and Subversion is hinted at by this difference in the .svn and .hg directories .
In Subversion when you checkout a working tree , you can root it at any directory in the repository .
You can check out only part of a repository if you want .
With Mercurial , it ’s all or nothing .
Where Subversion works directory by directory , Mercurial is always an entire repository at a time .
You cannot clone only part of a repository , you have to take the entire thing .
Making changes
As with Subversion , once you have your working tree , you use it , and edit files until you have a change that you like .
You commit your change in Mercurial just as you do with Subversion , with the commit command ( often abbreviated ci ) .
Like svn , it will launch an editor to collect a log message , or you can provide the message with a -m argument :
.. edit my_first_file.txt ..
$ hg ci -m " Wow !
I edited a Mercurial file ! "
my_first_file.txt
committed changeset 1:367cbd55abdb
At this point , you ’ve committed your change to your local repository .
With Subversion , commit takes the change you ’ve made in your working tree and sends it to the central repository where everyone else can see it .
Not so with Mercurial .
If you want to see what changes you ’re about to make , the “ hg status ” and “ hg diff ” commands work similarly to their svn counterparts .
A quick word about changeset numbering : with Subversion , a single central repository means that all changes are serialized , and so can be given sequential numbers .
With Mercurial ’s distributed repositories , this is n’t possible .
Many developers can be making changes in their own repositories at the same time , and eventually those changes will all flow together , so a sequential numbering system wo n’t work .
Instead , Mercurial gives changesets hashed identifiers ( the 367cbd55 abdb in the sample above ) .
These are globally unique , and can be used to refer to this changeset no matter which repository it ends up in .
But for convenience , the changeset is also given a local sequential number ( the 1 above ) .
This number is only meaningful in this repository .
Sharing changes
With Mercurial , commit simply applies the changes in the working tree to your local repository .
To share those changes with others , you have to push them from your repository to another with the “ hg push ” command .
Remember that Mercurial imposes no relationship among repositories .
You can push changes from your repository to any other cloned from the same project .
But when you cloned your repository originally , Mercurial recorded the location of the source repository so that it would be the default “ other repository ” for commands like push .
( You can see this with the “ hg paths ” command . )
When you are ready to share your changes with the world , the push command will compare your repository with the destination , and send all the changesets needed to bring them up to date :
$ hg push
pushing to http://path.to/repo.for/coolproject
searching for changes
remote : adding changesets
remote : adding manifests
remote : adding file changes
remote : added 2 changesets with 3 changes to 3 files
remote : bb/acl : ned is allowed .
accepted payload .
remote : quota : 533.9 KB in use , 150.0 MB available ( 0.35 % used )
( The actual messages will vary depending on the remote repository . )
You can see what changes you would push by using the “ hg outgoing ” command .
It compares the local and remote repositories to show you what the next push will do .
Adding and removing files
As with Subversion , you can add and remove files to the repository :
$ hg add my_new_file.txt
$ hg rm that_old_junk.cob
But with Mercurial there ’s also an easier way : when you commit a change with “ hg ci ” , you can add the - A flag , which means to automatically add any new files , and remove any missing files :
$ hg ci - A -m " Lots of changes "
removing that_old_junk.cob
adding my_new_file.txt
README.txt
my_new_file.txt
committed changeset 25:84398acef4f4
With - A , you simply make your working tree look the way you want the repository to look , creating , editing and removing files , then Mercurial makes it all happen in one step .
You have to be careful , though : if you have files that you did n’t mean to check in , Mercurial wo n’t know , and will happily add them to the repository .
Getting others ’ changes
While you ’re working in your local tree , others will be pushing changes to the shared repository , and you ’ll need to get them .
In Subversion , you use the “ update ” command to pull changes from the repository into your working tree .
Just as “ svn ci ” became “ hg ci ” and “ hg push ” , the process of getting updates from the shared repository is a two - step process in Mercurial .
You pull changes from the remote repository with “ hg pull ” , and then bring those changes from your local repository into your working tree with “ hg update ” .
Luckily , Mercurial provides a shortcut to do both steps at once :
$ hg pull -u
pulling from http://path.to/repo.for/coolproject
searching for changes
adding changesets
adding manifests
adding file changes
added 21 changesets with 55 changes to 33 files
33 files updated , 0 files merged , 0 files removed , 0 files unresolved
This pulls changes from your default remote repository into your local repository , and then updates your working tree from your repository .
Creating a project
The best way to create a new Mercurial project is to use an existing hosting site like Bitbucket or Google Code .
But if you want your own repository on your machine , it ’s very easy to make one :
$ hg init my_new_repository
You ’ll have a brand new empty repository that is n’t a clone of any other project .
You can add files to it and maintain revision histories locally .
Of course , cloning works on this repository , so you can make other local clones if you want .
When your project is mature enough to need a shared repository , you can push from your local repository to a newly created server repository to move the history up to the server .
Two Mercurial bonuses : rollback and serve
Have you ever issued a commit command , and then immediately realized you should n’t have ?
Mercurial has a great solution for times like this : “ hg rollback ” .
It undoes the last transaction in your repository .
Not only does it remove the last commit from the history , but it restores the files in your working tree to their state before that commit .
It ’s perfect for fixing a bad commit , because you ’re put right back where you were before the commit , and can make whatever fix you need before committing again :
$ hg st
M README.txt
M trickycode.py
$ hg ci - m " I 'm sure this is perfect ! "
README.txt
trickycode.py
committed changeset 259:84398acef4f4
$ .. OH CRAP ..
$ hg rollback
rolling back last transaction
$ hg st
M README.txt
M trickycode.py
$ hg ci -m " Tweak the authors list " README.txt
README.txt
committed changeset 259:05dfe4c03d2d
Notice that the second commit got the same serial number as the first one , since the rollback completely removed the first one from the repository .
Finally , an interesting trick Mercurial can perform is to act as a local web server to give you a web interface to browsing your code :
$ hg serve
then open http://localhost:8000/ in your browser to explore your local repository .
There ’s lots more
Of course , Mercurial is more than a Subversion look - alike , but this is enough to get you started .
As a distributed version control system , Mercurial offers much more flexibility in how changesets flow among your co-workers , and branching and merging is the norm rather than the exception .
There ’s even an extension system offering more functionality .
See also
Aus Piratenwiki
Diese Seite ist eine Übersicht darüber , was heute bereits aufgrund von staatlichen Überwachungsmaßnahmen und privatwirtschaftlichen Datenkraken über uns gespeichert wird .
Die Übersicht basierte anfänglich auf der Übersicht der Seite Daten- Speicherung.de
In Deutschland gibt es 197 Dateien der Sicherheitsbehörden ( Polizei , Staatsanwaltschaften , Geheimdienste ) , in denen Millionen von Datensätzen über Bürger gespeichert sind .
Eine Liste aller Dateien findet sich hier und beim Deutschen Bundestag ( PDF Download Seiten 10 ff. ) .
Fingerabdrücke
Fast alle Länder haben eine Fingerabdruck - Datenbank für Straftäter .
Die größte Datenbank ist die des amerikanischen FBI ( 47 Mio. Personen ) .
In Deutschland existiert AFIS ( Automatisiertes_Fingerabdruckidentifizierungssystem ) und auf europäischer Ebene dazu EURODAC .
Die schwarz - gelbe Regierung plant nun die Fingerabdrücke aller Ausländer in einer zentralen Datei zu erfassen ( Quelle : Spiegel Online ) .
Gesichter ( Fotos )
Fotodatenbanken der Bevölkerung sind im Ausland bereits verbreitet .
Derzeit ist die Technik , um automatisch nach Personen zu suchen , noch nicht brauchbar , wie eine Studie des BKA am Mainzer Hauptbahnhof zeigte .
Biometrische Ausweise
In Deutschland wurde im November 2007 ein neuer Reisepass eingeführt , bei dem biometrische Daten auf einem RFID - Funkchip gespeichert werden .
Dazu zählen bislang das Foto und 2 Fingerabdrücke .
eingeführt , bei dem biometrische Daten auf einem RFID - Funkchip gespeichert werden .
Dazu zählen bislang das Foto und 2 Fingerabdrücke .
Ab 1 . November 2010 beginnt die Einführung des neuen elektronischen Personalausweises .
Auch auf diesem wird ein RFID - Funkchip sein , der Passfoto und Fingerabdrücke enthalten soll und außerdem als Ausweis im Internet fungieren soll ( z.B. zur Umsetzung des Jugendmedienschutzstaatsvertrages JMStV ) .
Akustische Wohnraumüberwachung
Der „ Große Lauschangriff ” erlaubt Polizei und Staatsanwaltschaft selbst die Wohnung , den intimsten Bereich des Menschen , zu überwachen .
Eine entsprechende Regelung führte die Schwarz - Gelbe Bundesregierung 1995 ins Grundgesetz ein :
Begründen bestimmte Tatsachen den Verdacht , daß jemand eine durch Gesetz einzeln bestimmte besonders schwere Straftat begangen hat , so dürfen zur Verfolgung der Tat auf Grund richterlicher Anordnung technische Mittel zur akustischen Überwachung von Wohnungen , in denen der Beschuldigte sich vermutlich aufhält , eingesetzt werden , wenn die Erforschung des Sachverhalts auf andere Weise unverhältnismäßig erschwert oder aussichtslos wäre .
Zur Abwehr dringender Gefahren für die öffentliche Sicherheit , insbesondere einer gemeinen Gefahr oder einer Lebensgefahr , dürfen technische Mittel zur Überwachung von Wohnungen nur auf Grund richterlicher Anordnung eingesetzt werden .
Bei Gefahr im Verzuge kann die Maßnahme auch durch eine andere gesetzlich bestimmte Stelle angeordnet werden ( eine richterliche Entscheidung ist unverzüglich nachzuholen ) .
Sind technische Mittel ausschließlich zum Schutze der bei einem Einsatz in Wohnungen tätigen Personen vorgesehen , kann die Maßnahme durch eine gesetzlich bestimmte Stelle angeordnet werden .
Eine anderweitige Verwertung der hierbei erlangten Erkenntnisse ist nur zum Zwecke der Strafverfolgung oder der Gefahrenabwehr und nur zulässig , wenn zuvor die Rechtmäßigkeit der Maßnahme richterlich festgestellt ist ; bei Gefahr im Verzuge ist die richterliche Entscheidung unverzüglich nachzuholen .
Videoüberwachung
Videoüberwachungsanlagen werden eingesetzt an öffentlichen Plätzen oder bei Demonstrationen um die Demonstrationsteilnehmer zu überwachen .
Wo , wie und wie lange die Aufzeichnungen aufbewahrt werden ist meist unklar .
Auch im öffentlichen Personennahverkehr kommen immer häufiger Überwachungskameras zum Einsatz .
Nur in seltenen Fällen findet eine Kennzeichnung der Videoüberwachung und eine Aufklärung der Betroffenen statt .
Auch bei Sportereignissen , insbesondere bei Fußballspielen kommt immer häufiger eine flächendeckende Videoüberwachung zum Einsatz .
Iris ( Augen )
In den Vereinigten Arabischen Emiraten gibt es eine Irisdatenbank mit mehr als 600.000 Personen .
DNA
In vielen Ländern gibt es eine DNA - Datenbank für Verdächtige oder Verurteilte .
In Deutschland werden DNA - Daten in der DNA - Analysedatei ( Siehe auch Wikipedia ) gespeichert , die vom BKA zentral betrieben wird .
In der Datenbank werden genetische Fingerabdrücke von bekannten Personen ( Personendatensätze ) und DNA - Spuren von Tatorten , die von unbekannten Personen stammen ( Spurendatensätze ) , gespeichert und abgeglichen .
Eine der größten Datenbanken weltweit gibt es etwa in Großbritannien ( DNA von 3,4 Mio. Personen , davon 585.000 Kinder unter 16 ) .
Gendiagnostikgesetz-tritt-in-Kraft
Geruchsproben
Bei den Ermittlungen im Vorfeld des G8 - Gipfels 2007 in Heiligendamm , wurden von deutschen Behörden Geruchsproben von G8 - Gegnern genommen .
Waffen
Das Land Hamburg führt eine Waffenachweisdatei ( WANDA ) mit allen 24 792 Inhabern einer Waffenbesitzkarte oder eines Waffenschein und sämtlichen 65 449 Schusswaffen , die legal in Privatbesitz sind .
Seit dem Bestehen von WANDA wurde in Hamburg in keinem einzigen Fall eine bei Deutschlands größter Waffenbehörde registrierte Schusswaffe bei einer schwereren Straftat benutzt .
( Quelle : Welt ) .
Die DPolG fordert rasche Einführung einer zentralen , bundesweiten Waffendatei ( Quelle : cop2cop )
Schuhabdrücke
Nach einem Bericht des österreichischen Innenministeriums existieren in Österreich pro Bundesland Datenbanken für Schuhabdrücke bei den Landeskriminalämtern .
Dort werden Schuhabdruckspuren und Schuheindruckspuren gespeichert und können mit Proben verglichen werden : " Die Schuhspurensammlung ist eine Datenbank , die Fotogramme von Tatortschuhspuren und die von Verdächtigen genommenen Schuhabdrücke der letzten zwei Jahre enthält . "
Auch Laufsohlenmuster aus denen auf ein bestimmtes Schuhmodell geschlossen werden kann , werden gespeichert .
Schriftproben
Das bayerische Landesjustizprüfungsamt sammelt handschriftliche Lebensläufe ( als Anlage Nr. 6 zur Anmeldung ) , die auch zu einem Abgleich mit den geschriebenen Klausuren herangezogen werden können .
Sprachsamples
Telekommunikation
Telefongesellschaften müssen seit 1.1.2008 durch die so genannte Vorratsdatenspeicherung protokollieren , wer wann wo mit wem telefoniert hat .
Zuvor durften in der EU dürfen nur abrechnungsrelevante Daten gespeichert werden .
Durch die Analyse von Verbindungsdaten können die Bewegungen von Personen , deren Kontaktpersonen und die Mitglieder einer Gruppe identifiziert werden .
Auf den Inhalt der Telekommunikation darf nur bei konkretem Verdacht zugegriffen werden .
In den USA betreibt die NSA eine Datenbank , die Millionen Telefonverbindungsdaten zwischen den USA und dem Ausland enthält .
Diese Daten können durchsucht und mit anderen Daten verknüpft werden .
Das Echelon - System erlaubt den USA , Großbritannien , Australien , Kanada und Neuseeland auch die Überwachung von Kommunikation zwischen anderen Staaten .
Die Kommunikation wird automatisch auf Schlüsselwörter überprüft .
Telefonbücher
Computer
Auf Daten , die auf Festplatten gespeichert sind , kann zugegriffen werden .
Auf diese Weise können etwa Passwörter ermittelt werden .
In Zukunft ist eine Vorratsspeicherungspflicht für Computer denkbar : Jede Computerbenutzung könnte detailliert aufgezeichnet werden , jeder Klick und jede Eingabe registriert .
Außerdem plant die Bundesregierung derzeit den so genannten Bundestrojaner , mit dem bei Verdächtigen Festplatten durchsucht werden sollen .
Kfz - Kennzeichen
Um Kraftfahrzeuge zu verfolgen , kann eine automatische Kennzeichenerkennung eingesetzt werden .
Mit dieser Maßnahme können auch Fahrzeuge ermittelt werden , die nicht versichert sind oder deren Halter die Steuer nicht bezahlt hat .
Außerdem können Straßennutzungsgebühren abgerechnet werden ( z.B. in London praktiziert ) .
Verkehrsverstöße können geahndet werden ( z.B. Rotlichtverstoß , Geschwindigkeitsüberschreitung ) .
Aktuell können Lesegeräte etwa ein Kennzeichen pro Sekunde auslesen , bei Geschwindigkeiten von bis zu 160 km /h .
In Großbritannien ist geplant , jede Fahrt mit einem Kraftfahrzeug aufzuzeichnen und zwei Jahre lang zu speichern .
Im Jahr 2005 gab es dort bereits 2.000 Kennzeichenlesegeräte .
In Deutschland gibt es derzeit mehrere Gerichtsverfahren gegen die Erlaubnis der KFZ - Kennzeichenerfassung in den Polizeigesetzen mehrerer Bundesländer .
Im Rahmen internationaler Abkommen werden so genannte Passenger Name Record ( PNR ) gespeichert und weitergegeben .
Dazu werden die Daten und Vorgänge rund um eine Flugbuchung , Hotelbuchung und Mietwagenbuchung aufgezeichnet und in den jeweiligen Computerreservierungssystemen gespeichert .
„ Im Flugverkehr verlangen die USA die Weitergabe von Fluggastdaten .
Es wird ein System zur Früherkennung von „ Terroristen “ weiterentwickelt .
Man sucht nach verdächtigen Mustern , um so Terroristen zu entlarven .
Der Rüstungskonzern Lockheed - Martin wurde von der US - Transportbehörde Transportation Security Administration beauftragt , das System „ Computer Assisted Passenger Pre-Screening “ ( CAPPS ) weiter auszubauen .
Dagegen formieren sich auch Widerstände .
Ausländer und Kriegsgegner werden besonders genau kontrolliert “
– aus Wikipedia
Ein EU - einheitliches Speicher -/ Auskunftssystem aus den Daten der Reservierungssysteme ist zur Zeit in Planung .
( Aus der Kurzfassung der sog .
Folgenabschätzung [ 1 ] ) .
PNR - Abkommen 2007
gespeicherte Fluggastdaten :
1. PNR - Buchungscode ( Record Locator )
2. Datum der Reservierung / der Ausstellung des Flugscheins
3. Geplante Abflugdaten
4. Name(n )
5. Verfügbare Vielflieger - und Bonus - Daten ( d. h. Gratisflugscheine , Upgrades usw . )
6. Andere Namen im PNR , einschließlich Zahl der Reisenden im PNR
7. Alle verfügbaren Kontaktinformationen ( einschließlich Auftraggeberinformationen )
8 . Alle verfügbaren Zahlungs -/ Abrechnungsinformationen ( ohne weitere Transaktionsdetails für eine Kreditkarte oder ein Konto , die nicht mit der die Reise betreffenden Transaktion verknüpft sind )
9. Reiseverlauf für den jeweiligen PNR
10 . Reisebüro/ Sachbearbeiter des Reisebüros
11 . Code - Sharing - Informationen
12 . Informationen über Aufspaltung / Teilung einer Buchung
13 . Reisestatus des Fluggastes ( einschließlich Bestätigungen und Eincheckstatus )
14 . Informationen über Flugscheinausstellung ( Ticketing ) , einschließlich Flugscheinnummer , Angabe , ob Flugschein für einfachen Flug ( One Way ) sowie Automatic Ticket Fare Quote ( automatische Tarifabfrage )
15 . Sämtliche Informationen zum Gepäck
16 . Sitzplatzinformationen , einschließlich Sitzplatznummer
17 . Allgemeine Bemerkungen einschließlich OSI , SSI und SSR
18 . Etwaig erfasste APIS - Daten
19 . Historie aller Änderungen der unter den Nummern 1 bis 18 aufgeführten PNR
AISAT ( Mini-Satellit ) soll den Schiffahrtsverkehr überwachen [ 2 ]
Analog zur Vorratsdatenspeicherung der Flugpassagierdaten ( Passenger Name Record ) sollen nach dem Willen der Bundesregierung auch alle Seeschifffahrtspassagierdaten gespeichert und weitergegeben werden .
In England ist geplant , Reisedaten zentral 10 Jahre lang zu speichern .
Bericht
Europäische Verordnung zur Überwachung von Bargeld
Seit dem 15 .
Juni 2007 gilt die „ Verordnung ( EG ) Nr. 1889/2005 über die Überwachung von Barmitteln , die in die Gemeinschaft oder aus der Gemeinschaft verbracht werden “ ( Amtsblatt EU vom 25.11.2005 , L 309/9 ) .
Erfasst werden alle Personen , die in die EU einreisen oder ausreisen und dabei Barmittel ( z.B. Bargeld oder Schecks ) in Höhe von 10.000 Euro oder mehr mit sich führen .
Sie sind verpflichtet , auch ohne Aufforderung eine selbständige schriftliche Anzeige zu machen und dabei anzugeben : Anmelder ( Name , Geburtsdaten , Staatsangehörigkeit ) , Eigentümer und Empfänger des Geldes , Herkunft und Verwendungszweck sowie Reiseweg und Verkehrsmittel .
( Quelle : 5 . Tätigkeitsbericht des Rundfunkbeauftragten für den Datenschutz des SWR )
Unklar , wo die Daten eigentlich gespeichert werden .
Nach § 24 c KWG hat jedes Kreditinstitut eine Datei der Konten seiner Kunden zu führen ( mit Name , Anschrift und Geburtsdatum ) .
Dabei ist zu gewährleisten , dass darauf die Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht für eigene oder fremde Zwecke ( z.B. gemäß § 5 Abs. 3 GeldwäscheG für das Bundeskriminalamt ) , jederzeit automatisiert diese Daten abrufen kann ( ohne dass das Kreditinstitut selbst davon Kenntnis erlangen darf ) .
Auf Grund der Änderungen in § 93 und § 93 b AO ( mit Wirkung ab 1.4.2005 durch das Gesetz zur Förderung der Steuerehrlichkeit vom 23.12.2003 , BGBl .
I 2003 , S. 2928 , 2931 ; zuletzt geändert durch UnternehmenssteuerreformG 2008 vom 6.7.2007 ; BGBl. 2007 , 1888 , 1999 ) kann jetzt auch das Bundeszentralamt für Steuern ( BZSt - es löste ab 1.1.2006 das Bundesamt für Finanzen ab ) direkt und ebenfalls ohne Kenntnis der Kreditinstitute von einem heimlichen Zugriff auf diese Datei nach § 24 c KWG ihre Abrufe tätigen .
Finanzbehörden und Gemeinden ( soweit sie Realsteuern verwalten ) können nach § 93 Abs. 7 AO über das BZSt diese Daten aus der § 24 c KWG - Datei abrufen .
( Quelle : 5 . Tätigkeitsbericht des Rundfunkbeauftragten für den Datenschutz des SWR )
Des weiteren wurde 2013 von Bundestag und Bundesrat das Gesetz zur Änderung des Telekommunikationsgesetzes und zur Neuregelung der Bestandsdatenauskunft verabschiedet .
Demnach ist die rechtliche Grundlage der Polizei und die Schnittstelle zum Zugriff auf die Daten wesentlich verbreitert .
Patrick Breyer und Katharina Nocun erhoben daraufhin Klage vor dem Bundesverfassungsgericht als Sammelklage mit gesammelten 5.800 Nebenklägern .
Schon die Klageschrift vermeidet aber bereits den heiklen Punkt Konto - Daten - Zugriff durch allgemeinere Umschreibungen , z.B. wenn es um PINs geht : " Zugangssicherungscodes sichern den Zugang zu Endgeräten und Speicherungseinrichtungen und damit die Betroffenen vor einem Zugriff auf äußerst sensible Inhalte . " im Folgenden
Text werden PINs im Zusammenhang mit email - Konten genannt , aber nicht mit Bankkonten .
Der BVG - erfahrene Kläger Breyer wird also möglicherweise also ein Urteil erreichen , dieses wird sich aber auf die Klage beziehen .
Der Gesetzgeber wird es voraussichtlich so interpretieren , dass der Zugriff auf die senbsibelsten der sensiblen PIN - Daten davon aus Staatsräson ( Steuerehrlichkeitserzwingung ) ausgenommen sein werden .
Theoretisch kann die Polizei durch ihr gewonnenes Zugriffsrecht auf PINs und TANs für Geld - und Wertpapier - Konten für Ermittlungen ganze Konten räumen , um Verdächtige wirtschaftlich handlungsunfähig zu machen .
Fatca
Die USA strebt in bilateralen Vereinbarungen ein Abrufrecht von Geld - und Wertpapier - Kontendaten an , für die auch nur die Vermutung besteht , dass sie einem amerikanischen Staatsbürger gehören .
Selbst in der Schweiz scheiterte im Januar 2014 ein Volks - Referendum gegen ein Fatca - Abkommen mit den USA , und die USA setzt diese Abkommen qua ihrer Macht seit 2010 durch .
Damit wird eine leere Versprechung von George W. Bush nun aus purer Finanznot von der Obama - Regierung durchgesetzt , um Steuerhinterziehung durch Auslandskonten zu verhindern .
Für Steueroasen werden also Strohmänner anderer Nationalität benötigt , um Vermögen zu verbergen .
Denn Steuerhinterziehern drohen in USA drakonische Strafen .
Und nicht kooperative Bankinstitute werden quellensteuerpflichtig ( 30 % ) und / oder auf dem US - Markt schwer benachteiligt .
Es scheint gerade so , als habe die USA mit Steuerhinterziehung griechischen Ausmaßes zu kämpfen .
So kam denn das Fatca - Gesetz Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act im Jahre 2010 zustande , also auf dem Höhepunkt der zweiten schweren der besonders die USA treffenden Welt - Finanzkrisen .
In Deutschland liegt ein Gesetz zur Umsetzung des im Frühjahr 2013 geschlossenen Fatca - Abkommens mit USA vor , das AIFM - Steuer - Anpassungsgesetz , welches selbst ein sehr komplexes Bündel an Gesetzesänderungen an insgesamt 10 wichtigen Gesetzeswerken umfasst und Heiligabend 2013 in Kraft trat !
TIA
„ Für das Information Awareness Office des Pentagon soll ein geplantes System für Data - Mining ( = Datenschürfung ) im In - und Ausland alle verfügbaren Informationsquellen erschließen :
Es wird an einem gigantischen , umfassenden elektronischen Überwachungssystem namens Total Information Awareness ( TIA ) gearbeitet . “
– aus Wikipedia
Dieses Projekt wurde laut Wikipedia 2003 eingestellt Taikano 16:00 , 20 .
Aug. 2009 ( CEST )
IMSI - Catcher
„ IMSI - Catcher sind Geräte , mit denen die auf der Mobilfunk - Karte eines Mobiltelefons gespeicherte International Mobile Subscriber Identity ( IMSI ) ausgelesen und der Standort eines Mobiltelefons innerhalb einer Funkzelle eingegrenzt werden kann .
Auch das Mithören von Handy - Telefonaten ist möglich .
Das Gerät arbeitet dazu gegenüber dem Handy wie eine Funkzelle ( Basisstation ) und gegenüber dem Netzwerk wie ein Handy ; alle Handys in einem gewissen Umkreis buchen sich bei dieser Funkzelle mit dem stärksten Signal , also dem IMSI - Catcher , ein .
Der IMSI - Catcher simuliert also ein Mobilfunknetzwerk .
Dabei werden allerdings auch Daten Unbeteiligter im Funknetzbereich des IMSI - Catchers erfasst , ohne dass diese es erfahren .
Der IMSI - Catcher legt darüberhinaus unter Umständen den gesamten Mobilfunkverkehr der betroffenen Handys lahm , so dass auch Notrufe nicht möglich sind .
IMSI - Catcher werden hauptsächlich zur Bestimmung des Standortes und zum Erstellen eines Bewegungsprofils von Personen benutzt .
Eingesetzt werden IMSI - Catcher von Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Geheimdiensten ; in Deutschland am weitesten verbreitet ist wohl das „ GA 090 “ der Firma Rohde & Schwarz .
In Österreich befinden sich bereits mehrere Geräte der Firma Rohde & Schwarz im Einsatz , die Anschaffung eines Geräts mit UMTS - tauglichkeit wurde beschlossen . “
– aus Wikipedia , der freien Enzyklopädie
GEZ Gebühreneinzugszentrale
Die GEZ sammelt Adressen von potentiellen " Gebührensündern " , die sie sowohl kauft als auch von den Einwohnermeldeämtern direkt übermittelt bekommt ( gegen die Übermittlung kann Widerspruch beim Amt eingelegt werden ) .
Diese Adressen benutzt sie , um die Betroffenen anzuschreiben und zur Entrichtung von Rundfunkgebühren zu bewegen .
Die Datensätze stammen aus unterschiedlichsten Quellen z.B. auch von Datenhändlern und sind teilweise um Jahre veraltet .
Elektronische Patientenakte / Elektronische Gesundheitskarte
Die elektronische Patientenakte ( EPA ) oder elektronische Gesundheitskarte ( eGK ) stellt eine zentrale elektronische Sammlung und Verwaltung aller Daten dar , die den Krankheits - und Behandlungsverlauf eines Patienten betreffen ( Befunde , Diagnosen , Therapie , Behandlungsverlauf , Behandlungsergebnis , zugehörige Korrespondenz ) .
Dabei werden verschiedene Medien digitalisiert ( Text , Grafik , Bild , Film , Ton ) .
Die elektronische Patientenakte / Gesundheitskarte ist hochumstritten , da befürchtet werden muss , dass die gesammelten Daten für andere Zwecke ( z.B. strafrechtliche Ermittlungsverfahren , Täterprofile , Risikoabwägung von Versicherern etc. ) missbraucht werden könnten .
Die Patient haben kaum eine Übersicht über und auch keinen Einblick in die gesammelten Daten .
Das Recht auf informationelle Selbstbestimmung ist daher verletzt .
Bereits aus der sogenannten " Pflichtanwendung " - dem elektronischen Rezept resultiert eine erheblicher Eingriff in die Selbstbestimmung .
Die Speicherung läßt sich nicht verhindern - während jetzt ein Patient ein Rezept einfach schreddern kann und dann kein Dritter Kenntnis davon erlangt , sind diese Informationen zukünftig in der Karte verankert - und von späteren Behandlern und Apotheken einsehbar .
Versichertenkarte der Gesetzl .
Krankenkasse
Teilnahme an sogenannten Diseasemangementprogrammen wird als besonderes Kennzeichen auch in der jetzigen Chipkarte festgehalten .
Die wird von jedem " Leistungserbringer " ( Apotheker , Arzt , Therapeut , Sanitätskraftfahrer ) ausgelesen .
Auch mit jedem billig Chipkartenlesegerät sind diese Daten auslesbar .
Damit wird die Information über chronische Erkrankungen ( Mammakarzinom , Obstrukive Lungenerkrankung , Koronare Herz - erkrankung ) einer Vielzahl von Nutzern angezeigt .
Gesetz .
Krankenkassen , Kassenärztliche Vereinigungen , Rentenversicherungen
erhalten über die Abrechnung ( GKV , KV ) oder über sehr ausführliche und detailliert das Privatleben beschreibende ( RV ) Berichte nach Rehabilitation auf automatisierten Weg sensible Gesundheitsdaten .
Ausserdem erheben die Krankenkassen - oft ohne entsprechende Freiwilligkeits - hinweise - Selbstauskünfte bei den Versicherten .
Dies ist nicht zulässig und wurde von den DSB in Bund und Ländern oft in den Berichten abgemahnt .
Gesundheitsämter
Bundes - und Landesinfektionsschutzgesetze verpflichten Ärzte und Labors zur Übermittlung von persönlichen Daten der Untersuchten .
Auch dort , wo von den Untersuchten selbst keine Infektionsgefahr ausgeht ( Borreliose ) und teilweise auf bloßen Verdacht .
Es findet keine Anonymisierung oder Pseudonymisierung statt .
Der Betroffene wird über diesen Eingriff in seine informationelle Selbstbestimmung nicht aufgeklärt .
Indexierung von Webseiten durch XSpider
Mittels " XSpider " , einer Suchmaschine der Finanzbehörden , werden systematisch alle Internetverkaufsplattformen ( wie eBay ) durchsucht um potentielle Verstöße gegen Steuerrecht aufzudecken .
Die im Netz gefundenen Daten werden Berichten nach mit anderen Informationsquellen der Finanzbehörden abgeglichen ( Quelle ) .
Ausländerzentralregister
Genossenschaftsregister
Partnerschaftsregister
Melderegister
Bundesmelderegister
Bundeszentralregister
Bundeszentralamt für Steuern
Das Bundeszentralamt für Steuern speichert :
00 : Persönliche Identifikationsnummer 01 : Titel , Familienname 02 : Ehename / frühere Namen 03 : Lebenspartnerschaft (??? )
04 : Geburtsname 05 : Vornamen 06 : Geschlecht 07 : Vollständige Adresse ( gegenwärtige oder letzte bekannte Adresse ) 08 : Geburtstag und - ort 09 : Geburtsstaat , bei Geburt im Ausland 10 : Wirtschaftsidentifikationsnummern 11 : Doktorgrad 12 : zuständige Finanzbehörden 13 : Übermittlungssperren nach dem MRRG und den Meldegesetzen der Länder 14 : Sterbetag
Rechtsgrundlage ist der § 139 b Abs. 3 AO .
Gewerberegister
Gewerbezentralregister
Zentrale Staatsanwaltschaftliche Verfahrensregister ( ZStV )
Bundesgesetzblatt Jahrgang 2005 Teil 1 Nr. 61 , ausgegeben zu Bonn am 29 .
September 2005
Verordnung über den Betrieb des Zentralen Staatsanwaltschaftlichen Verfahrensregisters ( ZstVBetrV ) ( Auszugsweise )
§ 2 I nhalt und Zweck des Registers
In dem Register werden die in §4 bezeichneten Daten zu in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geführten Straf - verfahren ... zu dem Zweck gespeichert , die Durchführung von Straf - verfahren effektiver zu gestalten ...
§ 3 Übermittlung von Daten an das Register
Die Staatsanwaltschaften ...übermitteln , sobald ein Strafverfahren bei ihnen anhängig wird , die in §4 bezeichneten Daten im Wege der Datenfernübertragung an die Registerbehörde ....
Die Übermittlung kann mit der Maßgabe erfolgen , dass wegen besonderer Geheimhaltungsbedürftigkeit des Strafverfahrens Auskünfte über die übermittelten Daten an eine andere als die mitteilende Stelle ganz oder teilweise zu unterbleiben haben ...
§ 4 Zu speichernde Daten
Es werden die folgenden Identifizierungsdaten der beschuldigten Person gespeichert :
derGeburtsname . der Familienname , die Vornamen .
das Geburtsdatum , der Geburtort und der Geburtsstaat , das Geschlecht .
die Staatsangehörigkeiten die letzte bekannte Anschrift besondere körperliche Merkmale und Kennzeichen ( zum Beispiel Muttermale , Narben , Tatowierungen ) ...
§ 6 Auskunft an Behörden
Auf Ersuchen erhalten Auskunft über die in §4 gespeicherten Daten :
Die mitteilende Stelle , bei Mitteilung eines neuen Verfahrens erhalten sie auch ohne Ersuchen Auskunft über die zu der beschuldigten Person bereits gespeicherten Daten , die Polizei - und Sonderpolizeibeörden .... die Finanzbehörden ... die Steuer - und Zollfanhdungsdienststellen ... die Waffenbehörden ... das nationale Mitglied von Eurojust die Verfassungsschutzbehörden ... der militärische Abschirmdienst der Bundesnachrichtendienst
Den vollständigen Gesetzestext finden Sie hier
Korruptionsregister
Passregister
Personalausweisregister
Handelsregister
Schuldnerverzeichniss
Das Schuldnerverzeichnis ist ein Register , in dem Eintragungen von eidesstattlichen Versicherungen und Haftbefehlen erfasst und gesammelt werden .
Das Schuldnerverzeichnis wird bei jedem Amtsgericht / Vollstreckungsgericht geführt und enthält Eintragungen über Personen , Gesellschaften und juristische Personen und ist von jedermann unter bestimmten Voraussetzungen einsehbar .
Gesammelt werden folgende Daten :
Name / Firmenname ,
Vorname , Geburtsname ,
sonstige Namen ( Geschiedenname , Aliasnamen usw ) ,
Geburtsdatum * ,
Straße , Ort ,
Aktenzeichen des Gerichts ,
Gerichtskennung ,
Art und Datum des zu Grunde liegenden Eintrags ( eidesstattliche Versicherung / Haftbefehl ) .
Weitere Details zum Schuldnerverzeichnis finden sich unter / Schuldnerverzeichnis .
Unternehmensregister - System
elektronisches Grundbuch
Gespeichert sind :
Eigentümer
Grunddienstbarkeiten
Auflassungsvormerkungen
für die Zeit zwischen Abschluss eines Kaufvertrages und dessen endgültigem Vollzug
für die Zeit zwischen Abschluss eines Kaufvertrages und dessen endgültigem Vollzug Verfügungsbeschränkungen
( Insolvenz - und Testamentsvollstreckervermerke , Vorkaufsrecht , Wohnrecht usw . )
( Insolvenz - und Testamentsvollstreckervermerke , Vorkaufsrecht , Wohnrecht usw . )
Grundpfandrechte :
Hypotheken ( auch Zwangssicherungshypotheken , die beispielsweise die Finanzämter für Steuerschulden in einem verkürzten Verfahren eintragen lassen können ) , Grundschulden und ( sehr selten ) Rentenschulden .
Gesetzliche Regelung :
Die Einsicht des Grundbuchs ist jedem gestattet , der ein berechtigtes Interesse darlegt ....
Das Bundesministerium der Justiz kann ... bestimmen , dass ... bei Behörden von der Darlegung des berechtigten Interesses abgesehen werden kann
§ 12 Grundbuchordnung
Verkehrszentralregister beim KBA
ELENA ( elektronischer Entgeltnachweis )
Für das Verfahren zum elektronischen Entgeltnachweis ab 2010 müssen Arbeitgeber folgende Daten ihrer Arbeitnehmer übermitteln ( für Details siehe hier ) :
Name
Geburtsangaben
Anschrift
Arbeitgeberangaben
Beschäftigungsort
Beschäftigungszeitraum
Fehlzeiten ( Anzahl , Beginn Fehlzeit , Art der Fehlzeit , Ende Fehlzeit )
Steuerklasse
Kinderfreibetrag
Beschäftigung
Sozialversicherungsdaten
Arbeitszeit
Brutto- Verdienst
Einmalentgelte
Gesetzliche Abzüge / Steuern
Solidaritätszuschlag
Kirchensteuer
Steuerpflichtiger sonstiger Bezug
Steuerfreie Bezüge .
Ausbildung ( Merkmal Ausbildung , Ausbildungsverhältnis , Beginn , Ende )
Arbeitgeberzuschüsse
Freiwillige Versicherung in der GKV / GPV
Beitrag freiwillige Mitglieder GKV
Berufsständische Versorgung
Pflichtbeitrag RV berufsständische Versorgung
Änderungen der Arbeitszeit
Nebenbeschäftigung
Daten über Heimarbeit
Urlaubsanspruch / Jahr
Bescheinigte tatsächliche Urlaubstage
Urlaubsentgelt
Gezahltes Urlaubsentgelt
Datenbaustein* DBKE - Kündigung / Entlassung
Beendigung / Befristung
Ende / Kündigung Arbeitsverhältnis .
Entlassung / Kündigung AV am
Entlassung / Kündigung AV durch
Kündigung / Entlassung schriftlich
Betriebsbedingte Kündigung .
Kündigungsschutzklage gem . § KSchG
Art der Zustellung der Kündigung
Kündigungsanlass/Entlassungsanlass
Kündigungsanlass Abmahnung .
Datum der Abmahnung .
Schilderung vertragswidrigen Verhaltens/Entlassungsanlass
Zusätzliche Kündigungsvereinbarungen
Sozialauswahl
Vorruhestandsleistung bei Beendigung AV
Beginn Vorruhestandsgeld bei Beendigung AV
Vorruhestandsgeld bei Beendigung AV
Abfindung bis zu , Monatsgehältern
Wäre Abfindung gezahlt worden
( Quelle Verfahrensbeschreibung Elena Anlage 6 , Stand 14.01.2010 )
Steuer -ID
siehe Bundeszentralamt für Steuern
Finanzbehörden ( Finanzämter , Oberfinanzdirektionen , Finanzkassen )
Familienstand
Wohnort / Anschrift
Zweitwohnsitz
Anzahl der Arbeitstage im Jahr ( sofern Fahrtkostenpauschale in Anspruch genommen )
Einnahmen
versch .
Ausgaben ( sofern als Werbungskosten angesetzt )
Anzahl der Dienstverhältnisse
Rentenbeginn
Religionszugehörigkeit
Mitgliedschaft in Gewerkschaften
Spenden ( auch an politische Parteien )
Anzahl der Kinder
Anmerkung : Die große Mehrzahl dieser Daten ist von elementarer Wichtigkeit für das Besteuerungsverfahren .
Jedoch können manche Daten - vor allem Religion und Parteispenden - schnell auch für Überwachungsfunktionen interessant sein und zum Generalverdacht führen .
Verschiedene Bundesländer haben bereits oder führen derzeit so genannte Schülderdateien ein , in denen viele Daten über den schulischen Werdegang der Schüler und Schülerinnen gesammelt werden .
Dazu zählen z.B. Name , Geburtsdatum , Geburtsort , Geschlecht , Anschrift , Ansprechmöglichkeiten der Erziehungsberechtigten , Informationen zur besuchten Schule , möglicher spezieller Förderbedarf , die " Befreiung von der Zahlung eines Eigenanteils für Lernmittel " oder " nichtdeutsche Herkunftssprache " .
Zugriff haben neben den Schulen oftmals die Schulämter oder Ministerien .
Auch weiteren Behörden wie Jugendämter können Auskünfte erhalten .
Die Behörde für Bildung und Sport der Freien und Hansestadt Hamburg erhielt 2007 den Bigbrother Award " für die Einrichtung eines Schülerzentralregisters mit dem ( Neben - ) Zweck , ausländische Familien ohne Aufenthaltserlaubnis aufzuspüren .
( Quelle ) .
Hartz IV
Führerschein
Das Unternehmen LapID stellt ein Netzwerk von Automaten zur Führerscheinkontrolle in verbindung mit auf den Führerschein anzubringenden RFID Chips zur verfügung .
Die Daten des Fahrers , des Führerscheins und die Anzahl der gewünschten Kontrollen werden über eine Internet - Oberfläche in die LapID - Datenbank eingetragen .
Dabei wird ein LapID - Siegel ( RFID ) mit laufender Nummerierung an eine geeignete Stelle auf den Führerschein aufgeklebt .
Danach ist der Führerscheinbesitzer in der LapID - Datenbank registriert .
Bei Fälligkeit der nächsten Kontrolle erhält der Fahrer automatisch per SMS und / oder e-Mail eine Erinnerung vom LapID - System .
Die Erinnerung erfolgt in der Regel erstmals 3
Wochen vor dem nächsten Kontrolltermin und wird wöchentlich wiederholt .
Daraufhin muß sich der Fahrer zu einer der LapID - Prüfstationen begeben und den Führerschein dort kontrollieren lassen .
Die Prüfstation liest die Daten des aufgeklebten RFID Chips ein und bestätigt die Kontrolle auf dem Display .
Anschließend überträgt die Prüfstation die Kontrolldaten an den zentralen LapID - Rechner .
Die auf dem LapID - Rechner eingehenden Kontrolldaten werden dem Fahrer zugeordnet und gespeichert .
So läßt sich jederzeit eine Liste der durchgeführten Kontrollen abrufen und ausdrucken .
Bei Bedarf können auch die durchgeführten Erinnerungen und Warnungen mit aufgelistet werden .
Das LapID -System sendet automatisch eine Warnung an definierte Adressen , falls ein Fahrer bis zum festgelegten Kontolltermin seinen Führerschein nicht an einer der Prüfstationen vorgelegt hat .
So können z.B. der Vorgesetzte und der Fuhrparkleiter per E - Mail über das Ausbleiben einer Kontrolle informiert werden und daraufhin weitere Schritte einleiten .
Über die LapID - Webseite kann der Fahrzeughalter alle überfälligen Prüfungen einsehen .
Der RFID - Chip läßt sich vom Führerschein nicht wieder ablösen , ohne dabei zerstört zu werden .
Wenn eine LapID - Prüfstation eine Kontrollmitteilung eines Siegels meldet , dann soll damit sicher gestellt sein , dass der Fahrer zu diesem Zeitpunkt in Besitz seines Führerscheins war .
Energieausweis
Die Anti-Terror - Datei , wurde nach dem " Gemeinsame - Dateien - Gesetz " beim BKA eingerichtet .
Ziel der Datensammlung ist die Aufdeckung von Mustern und Strukturen des islamistischen Terrorismus im Sinne einer Voraberkennung möglicher Gefährder und geplanter Attentate .
Hier werden einige Datenbanken zusammengeführt !
Nr. Name Existiert seit Datensätze Zweck 1 AFIS - P 16.12.93 3.300.000 Personenidentifizierung 2 APOK 01.01.90 281.240 Bekämpfung organisierter Kriminalität 3 APR 02.03.93 538.503 Straftaten nach BtmG 4 Auswertung RG 02.04.01 397.563
Bekämpfung der organisierten Rauschgiftkriminalität 5 DEO ( DOK - EUROPA - OST ) 09.05.97 463.447 Bekämpfung der Eigentumskriminalität 6 Fingerabdrücke – A 08.03.04 Gesamt Fingerabdrücke Asylantragsteller 7 Fingerabdrücke -P 08.03.04 1.289.806 Finger/Handflächenabdrücke Pol / Bpol / Zoll / BKA 8 DNA - Datei 17.04.98 1.018.815 Vorsorge DNA - Datei für künftige Verhütung von Straftaten 9 DOMESCH 02.04.01 1.169.101 Bekämpfung Dokumenten / Menschenhandel/Schleusungskriminalität 10 Erkennungsdienst 02.09.85 5.786.990 Datei erkennungsdienstlich behandelter Personen 11 FALSCHGELD 24.04.01 1.058.600 Bekämpfung der Falschgeldkriminalität 12 FDR 07.07.83 740.257 Falldatei Rauschgift 13 FEDOK 05.01.00 7.435 Finanzermittlungsdokumentation 14 FIT 27.02.03 13.912 Fundstellennachweis islamistischer Terrorismus 15 FUSION 17.08.00 38.644 Bekämpfung der Rockerkriminalität 16 FUZ 04.12.04 16.214 Bekämpfung Fälschung unbarer Zahlungsmittel 17 GELDWÄSCHE 29.06.00 255.881 Bekämpfung der Geldwäsche 18 GEW LINKS 23.01.01 1.29 2 Gewalttäterdatei Phänomenbereich „ links “ 19 GEW PS 20.10.04 60 Gewalttäterdatei Personenschutz 20 GEW AUSLAND 23.01.01 298 Gewalttäterdatei Phänomenbereich „ politisch motivierte Ausländerkriminalität “ 21 GEW SPORT 12.01.01 9.284 Gewalttäterdatei Phänomenbereich Sport 22 HAFTDATEI 10.11.93 99.664 Personen in behördlichem Gewahrsam 23 INNERE SICHERHEIT 17.04.80 1.451.605
Aufklärung politisch motiverter Straftaten mit länderübergreifender internationaler Bedeutung 24 KAN 22.03.83 3.591.360 Kriminalaktennachweis 25 KFZ 23.02.00 2.503 Bekämpfung der KFZ - Kriminalität 26 KINDERPORNOGRAFIE
02.10.00 318.537 Bekämpfung der Kinderpornografie 27 KORRUPTION 29.10.97 7.372 Datei aller bekannten Korruptionsfälle 28 NSIS - P 08.09.93 1.266.826 SIS - Fahndung nach Personen 29 NSIS -S 08.09.93 15.548.506 SIS - Fahndung nach Sachen 30 PERSONENFAHNDUNG
10.11.93 865.296 Personenfahndung zur Festnahme , Aufenthaltsermittlung , polizeilichen Beobachtung 31 SACHFAHNDUNG 02.09.85 10.600.000 Fahndung nach Sachen 32 VERMI / UTOT 11.02.83 30.491 Vermisste und unbekannte Tote 33 VICLAS 07.06.00 k.A. Violent Crime Linkage Analysis , Analysesystem zur Verknüpfung von Erkenntninssen 34 Geschw .
10.03.06 653.744 Verdacht der Geldwäsche 35 Geschw .
12.07.04 653.744 Verdacht des Mordes 36 Geschw .
07.09.04 13.358 Verdacht der Prostitution und Zuhälterei 37 Geschw .
08.05.06 k.A. Verdacht der landesverräterischen/geheimdienstlichen Agententätigkeit 38 Geschw . 26.11.04 257 Falschgeldverbreitung 39 Geschw .
17.04.04 11.540 Verstoß gegen § 129 b StGB 40 Geschw .
20.05.05 k.A. Verdacht der Geldwäsche 41 Geschw .
26.01.05 9.440 Computersabotage und Datenveränderung 42 Geschw .
14.10.05 k.A. Verdacht der Geldwäsche 43 Geschw .
14.09.01 223.773
Verdacht der Mitgliedschaft einer terroristischen Vereinigung in Tateinheit mit Mord und Angriffen auf den Luftverkehr 44 ABC 17.02.05 3.923 Alle bekannt gewordenen Fälle der ABC - Kriminalität 45 ABC - Netzwerk 14.06.06 k.A.
Alle nationalen und internationalen Dienstellen mit ABC -Fachkenntnissen 46 AFIS - A 03.07.00 900.000 Personenidentifizierung Asylbewerber 47 AUSWERTUNG SEXTOURISTEN
16.09.06 k.A. Bekämpfung des Kindermissbrauchs im Ausland 48 BALKAN 18.08.98 k.A. Bekämpfung des Rauschgiftschmuggels über die Balkanroute 49 BELLA MACHINA 09.02.06 k.A. Bekämpfung der KFZ - Kriminalität Deutschland - Italien 50 BILDDATENBANK KINDERPORNOGRFIE
25.04.02 k.A. Bilddatenbank Kinderpornografie 51 BKA -AN 29.05.85 2.363.378 BKA-Kriminalaktennachweis 52 BULGARIEN 14.01.01 k.A. Geldscheinfälschung mit Herkunft Bulgarien 53 CAMOUFLAGE 07.04.06 k.A. Illegaler Umbau von Waffen , High Impact Procect der EU 54 CONTAINER 16.09.05 k.A. Bekämpfung Drogenschmuggel per Seecontainer 55 DABIS 23.08.02 21.197 Personen , 3.749 Organisationen Bekämpfung islamistischer Terrorismus 56 DAREX 01.11.02 k.A. Druckerzeugnisse , CD , DVD etc. politisch motivierte Kriminalität 57 FIU 19.08.02 196475 Sammlung und Auswertung von Verdachtsanzeigen 58 FLASH 28.04.03 k.A. Eigentumskriminalität osteuropäischer Tätergruppen 59 BKA FALSCHGELD 10.11.82 k.A. Bekämpfung Falschgeldkriminalität 60 BKA GEISELNAHME-ERPRESSUNG-RAUB
19.05.92 k.A. Bekämpfung von Geiselnahmen , Erpressung und Raub 61 BKA WAFFEN 30.09.82 k.A. Straftaten gegen das Waffengesetz 62 BKA TÖTUNGS - und SEXUALDELIKTE 30.09.82 k.A. Straftaten gegen das Leben und die körperliche Unversehrtheit 63 G8 27.04.06 162 Sammlung von Informationen zum G8 - Gipfel in Heiligendamm 64 GALAXY 30.08.06 k.A. Bekämpfung des Warenkreditbetruges 65 GENOZID 30.11.05 k.A. Datei der Zentralstelle für die Bekämpfung von Kriegsverbrechen 66 IgaSt 21.07.03 k.A. International agierende gewaltbereite Störer ( Globalisierungsgegner ) 67 InTE - Z 21.10.05 7.762 Objekte , 17.320 Beziehungen Bekämpfung des internationalen Terrorismus / Extremismus 68 LANDESVERRAT 23.01.06 176.250 Landesverrat , Gefährung der äußeren Sicherheit 69 OPERATION BALENO 10.05.06 k.A. Kinderpornografie im Internet ( NL ) 70 OPERATION CANDYMAN 03.08.05 k.A. Kinderpornografie im Internet ( USA ) 71 OPERATION FALCON 02.09.05 k.A. Kinderpornografie im Internet ( USA ) 72 OPERATION ICEBREAKER 03.08.06 k.A. Kinderpornografie im Internet ( It ) 73 OPERATION NIEVE 19.05.03 k.A. Kinderpornografie im Internet ( E ) 74 OStrA 18.08.03 k.A. Bekämpfung osteuropäische Straftäter 75 PERSONENLISTE ST -32 09.02.06 k.A. Übersicht Gefährder / Beschuldigte / Grundiformationen islamistischer Terrorismus 76 ReKa 05.03.01 k.A. Rechtsextreme Kameradschaften 77 SEStrA 27.04.00 k.A. Zentralstellendatei Sexualstraftäter 78 SUNRISE 24.08.01 k.A. Offene Haftbefehle Fahndungsregion Thailand 79 TANFOGLIO 19.01.05 k.A. Umbau von Schreckschusspistolen zu scharfen Waffen 80 TATMITTELMELDEDIENST
28.07.88 k.A. Datei über Sprengstoff - und Branddelikte 81 TIMESHARING
17.02.05 6.525 Timesharing - Straftaten 82 TURKISH SYDRO CONNECTION 03.08.05 k.A. Datei zur Bekämpfung synthetischer Drogen 83 VERIMOUNT 19.06.06 k.A. Sammlung und Auswertung zur Wirtschaftskriminalität 84 TEC 18.05.98 20.768 Sammlung und Auswertung illegaler Technologietransfer 85 WAFFEN 08.06.98 23.879 Sammlung und Auswertung Waffenhandel 86 BAN 26.08.04 k.A. Bundespolizeiaktennachweis 87 PAVOS - Zentral 26.08.04 k.A. Polizeiliche Vorgangsbearbeitung , el. Tagebuch der Bundespolizei 88 GGFG 26.08.04 k.A. Geschützter Grenzfahndungsbestand 89 TaFaS 09.01.03 k.A. Taschendiebstahlsfahndungssystem 90 EAO Video Bahn 05.01.06 k.A. Einrichtungsanordnung zur automatisierten offenen Videoüberwachung von Bahnanlagen 91 INZOLL 15.04.04 k.A. Informationssystem Zollstraftaten 92 EURIS 15.04.04 k.A. Erfassungs - und Recherchesystem der Informationsgewinnungssachgebiete des Zolls 93 VHG 15.04.04 k.A. Verdachtshinweise Geldwäsche von Bankinstituten und Spielbanken 94 COLUMBUS 05.12.05 k.A. Informationsdatei Verbrauchssteuerhinterziehung 95 CARGO -INFO 28.06.06 k.A. Analysesystem Luftfracht , Express , Kurier - und Luftpostverkehr 96 MAR / YACHT -INFO 28.06.06 k.A. Analysesystem gewerblicher/nichtgewerblicher Seeverkehr 97 BALKAN -INFO 28.04.06 k.A. Analysesystem Balkanroute 98 SAMBA 15.04.04 k.A. Sammlung Meldungen und Berichte Außenwirtschaft 99 KOBRA 27.04.05 k.A. Kontrolle bei der Ausfuhr
Benutzte Abkürzung : Geschw . = Geschwärzt / Zensiert ( Übertragung ohne Gewehr ) Quelle : Deutscher Bundestag Drucksache
16/2875 , 06.10.2006 ( PDF - Download ) ,
Finanzdienstleister
Banken
Banktransaktionen ab 15.000 Euro werden ab 2007 in der EU überprüft .
Mithilfe von Finanzdaten kann man Menschen nachspüren , wenn z.B. eine Kreditkarte eingesetzt wird .
In den USA betreibt die CIA eine Datenbank , die Millionen weltweiter Überweisungen enthält .
Diese Daten können durchsucht und mit anderen Daten verknüpft werden .
Firma Schufa
„ Die Schufa Holding AG ( Eigenschreibung SCHUFA , früher : SCHUFA e. K. – Schutzgemeinschaft für allgemeine Kreditsicherung ) ist ein privatwirtschaftlich organisiertes Kreditbüro , das von der kreditgebenden Wirtschaft getragen wird .
Sitz der Schufa Holding AG ist Wiesbaden .
Ihr Geschäftszweck ist , ihre Vertragspartner vor Kreditausfällen zu schützen ; nach Meinung der Schufa trägt sie zudem zum Schutz der Verbraucher vor Überschuldung bei .
Die Schufa ist im Besitz von 384 Millionen Einzeldaten von 63 Millionen natürlichen Personen , damit hat sie ca. drei Viertel aller Deutschen erfasst .
Die Schufa bearbeitet jährlich mehr als 77 Mio. Anfragen zur Kreditwürdigkeit .
Davon sind 1 Million Selbstauskünfte von Bürgern , die ihre Daten einsehen wollen .
Praxis der Datenspeicherung der Schufa :
Die Schufa ermittelt nicht selbst Daten , vielmehr müssen Banken und andere Vertragspartner des Unternehmens Daten über ihre Kunden liefern .
Hierzu ist eine Einwilligung des Kunden erforderlich .
Daneben kommen auch Daten aus öffentlichen Quellen , etwa den Schuldnerverzeichnissen der Amtsgerichte ; diese Daten können ohne Einwilligung des Betroffenen verwertet werden .
Liegt eine Einwilligung vor , speichert die Schufa neben Name , Geburtsdatum , gegenwärtigen und früheren Anschriften auch Daten über Aufnahme und vertragsgemäße Abwicklung von Geschäftsbeziehungen ( „ Positivmerkmale “ ) sowie Daten über nichtvertragsgemäßes Verhalten und gerichtliche Vollstreckungsmaßnahmen ( „ Negativmerkmale “ ) . “
– aus Wikipedia , der freien Enzyklopädie
Versicherungen
Der Gesamtverband der deutschen Versicherungswirtschaft wird von den meisten Mitgliedern freiwillig mit Daten beliefert für die gemeinschaftlichen Statistiken .
Der Berliner Datenschutzbeauftragte bestätigt Datenschutzkonformität .
Makler
siehe Statement eines Anwaltes des Verbandes mittelständischer Versicherungs - und Finanzmakler
Webseiten
Viele Webseiten speichern umfangreiche Daten über ihre Benutzer , mitunter sogar personenbezogene Daten wie die eindeutigen IP - Adressen , die der Kunde von seinem Internetanbieter zugewiesen bekommt .
Diese Speicherpraxis ist umstritten , da sie gegen § 15 Telemediengesetz und § 100 Telekommunikationsgesetz verstößt .
Der Arbeitskreis Vorratsdatenspeicherung vergibt daher das Qualitäts - Siegel " Wir speichern nicht " an Seiten , die nachweisen , dass sie eine solche Speicherung nicht vornehmen .
Suchmaschinen
Suchmaschinen wie Google speichern über Jahre hinweg wer wann nach welchen Suchbegriffen gesucht hat .
Über personenbezogene Daten wie IP - Adressen und Cookies identifizieren sie den Benutzer über einen langen Zeitraum und können so ein riesiges Suchprofil anlegen , das Aufschluss über Lebensgewohnheiten , sexuelle Vorlieben , Krankheiten und vieles mehr geben kann .
Eine Entfernung der eigenen Daten aus dem Speicher solcher Firmen ist nahezu unmöglich .
Privacy International stuft sie daher in die Gefahrenstufe „ Feind der Privatsphäre “ ein .
Soziale Netze / Social Networks / Social Communities
In sozialen Netzen wie StudiVZ , SchülerVZ , Schülerregister , Myspace oder Facebook findet eine umfassende Preisgabe persönlicher Daten bis hin zu intimen Informationen durch die NutzerInnen selbst statt .
Es herrscht ein starker sozialer Druck , Daten Preis zu geben , die Sicherheit der Daten kann allerdings nicht gewährleistet werden .
Den Betreibern der Plattformen liegen die vollständigen sozialen Netze der Benutzer vor ( Bekannten - / Freundeskreis ) .
StudiVZ
bereits mehrfach durch enorme Sicherheitslücken in Erscheinung getreten .
schwammige AGB
Vermarktung von Kundendaten
Herausgabe von persönlichen Daten an Ermittlungsbehörden ( Stichwort " Kifferbilder " )
Verschleierung des eigentlichen Geschäftszwecks
StudiVZ / SchuelerVZ wurde 2007 für mindestens 85 Millionen an das globale operierende Medienunternehmen Holtzbrinck verkauft .
Facebook
Deutscher Sportausweis GmbH ( DSA )
Unter Mitwirkung von Landesportverbänden hat sich diese Firma von sehr vielen Sportvereinen die Daten ihrer Mitglieder übermitteln lassen - angeblich unter dem Etikett der Auftragsdatenverarbeitung .
Doch werden Mitgliederdaten öffentlich auf einer Web - Präsenz der DSA bereitgestellt und können dort ggf.
mit minimalen Kenntissen über den Sportler ( Geb. Datum ) von Dritten eingesehen werden .
Das Ganze soll als Bundesportzentraldatei fungieren .
Bisherige Vereinsausweise werden durch einen DSA mit zentraler Personenkennziffer abgelöst .
Geködert wurden die Vereine durch eine einfache Software , die die für die Versicherungen etc. notwendigen Sammellisten ( ohne individuelle Daten ) erzeugt .
Hierzu nimmt die DSA GmbH wie folgt detailliert Stellung : Datei: DSA Schreiben 20100111.pdf
Öffentlicher Personenverkehr
Wenn RFID - Chips zum Einsatz kommen , können Bewegungen per ÖPNV nachverfolgt werden .
In London benutzen 5 Mio. Personen Fahrkarten mit RFID - Chip .
Jede Bus- , U - Bahn - und Zugfahrt wird aufgezeichnet und acht Wochen lang aufbewahrt .
Jeden Monat frage die britische Polizei die Daten von 60 Personen ab ( Januar 2006 , stark steigend ) .
Bordcomputer in Kraftfahrzeugen
Heutzutage sind Bordcomputer in Autos eingebaut .
Air - Bag - Systeme und andere Systeme hinterlassen Spuren .
Es werden Daten wie Geschwindigkeit und Anschnallstatus gespeichert , teilweise auch für zeitlich zurückliegende Zeiträume ( z.B. die letzten fünf Sekunden vor einem Unfall ) .
Diese Daten können etwa zur Verfolgung von Verkehrsverstößen eingesetzt werden .
Navigationssysteme
In Navigationssystemen können gefahrene Strecken gespeichert sein .
Interaktive Navigationssysteme mit Sendemodul erzeugen weitere Daten , die etwa bei Telefongesellschaften gespeichert werden können .
Außerdem sind GPS - Wanzen im Handel frei verkäuflich .
Es handelt sich etwa um einen USB - Stick , der seinen jeweiligen Standort per GPS ermittelt und einen Monat lang speichert .
Kundenkarten , Air miles usw .
Unternehmen speichern mittels Kundenkarten , was ihre Kunden wann und wie oft kaufen , wohin sie fliegen .
So lassen sich detaillierte Kaufprofile und Bewegungsprofile erstellen , die Rückschlüsse auf den Lebenswandel zulassen und Manipulation mit gezielter personalisierter Werbung ermöglichen .
Sie fragen außerdem unnötigerweise Daten wie Geburtsdatum , E - Mail - Adresse und Titel ab .
Der Metro-Konzern stattete seine Kundenkarten bereits mit RFID - Chips zur Identifizierung und Lokalisierung aus .
Payback
Payback - Karten sind Daten - und Verbraucherschutzsicht umstritten .
Wie viele Kundenkarten , ermöglichen Paybackkarten einen stark gläsernen Kunden .
Aus den gesammelten Daten lassen sich Rückschlüsse auf Lebensweise und Bewegungsprofil des Kunden ziehen .
Ebenfalls kann der der Erfolg von Werbung gemessen und diese darauf basierend noch manipulativer gestaltet werden .
DPayback erhielt 2009 den Negativdatenschutzpreis " Big Brother Award " .
Happy Digits
Siehe Payback .
DeutschlandCard
Die DeutschlandCard ist eine Kundenkarte der Edeka Gruppe .
Überwachungskameras
Überwachungskameras werden zunehmend digital .
Das macht es möglich , ihre Aufzeichnungen in riesigen Datenbanken zu speichern .
Die Verfolgung von Fahrzeugen ist möglich ( s.o. ) .
Die Identifizierung von Personen ist derzeit noch nicht möglich , weil Gesichtserkennungssyteme noch nicht einsatzfähig sind .
In Japan gab es Pläne , Handyhersteller zu verpflichten , eine Funktion zu implementieren , mit der die Polizei in Handys eingebaute Kameras aktivieren kann .
Die Aufzeichnungen werden an die Polizei übertragen .
Überwachung findet statt :
im Einzelhandel
am Arbeitsplatz
im Öffentlichen Nahverkehr ( Bus / Bahn )
auf öffentlichen Plätzen
Satellitenbilder
Satelliten ermöglichen mittlerweile sehr genaue Bilder .
Selbst Personen sind darauf zu erkennen .
Funkchips ( RFID )
Ein System zur Verfolgung von Konsumgütern durchdringt zunehmend das Leben .
RFID - Chips erlauben es , ein Produkt oder eine Person zu identifizieren und zu verfolgen .
Diese Chips sollen in Zukunft die Barcodes auf Produkten ersetzen .
Sie kennzeichnen aber - anders als Barcodes - nicht nur die Art des Produkts , sondern jedes Produkt kann eine einmalige Kennziffer erhalten .
Es gibt aktive RFID - Chips , die selbst Signale aussenden .
In Verbindung mit ip v6 könnte jede Sache eine eigene IP - Adresse erhalten .
Wenn Pässe und Personalausweise nicht effektiv geschützt werden , können anhand der in ihnen enthaltenen RFID - Chips Personen verfolgt und Informationen wie Gesicht und Fingerabdruck kontaktlos ausgelesen werden .
Wenn Reisegepäck mit RFID - Chips gekennzeichnet wird , kann der Reisende nachverfolgt werden .
Personen , die Gegenstände mit RFID - Chip mit sich tragen , können durch diese Chips identifiziert werden , wenn die Chips , zum Beispiel durch Kauf auf Karte , dem Besitzer zugeordnet werden konnten .
Diese Möglichkeit erweitert sich mit jeder Identifizierung auf neue im Besitz befindliche Chips .
VeriChip
Den VeriChip kann man sich unter die Haut implantieren lassen ( Infos siehe Wikipedia ) .
Digitale Spuren in Haushaltsgeräten ( z.B. Kaffeemaschinen , Mikrowelle , Herd )
Einige Geräte speichern Daten über ihre Benutzung .
Wenn die Geräte an das Internet angeschlossen werden , ist eine komplette Speicherung möglich .
Stromzähler
Beim " intelligenten Stromzähler " sollen bisherige Stromzähler , die in jedem Haushalt den Stromverbrauch zu Abrechnungszwecken festhalten , erweitert werden um verschiedene technische Komponenten .
Dabei gibt es verschiedene Varianten , denen eines gemein ist : Stromversorger und Kunde sollen detailliert über den Stromverbrauch einzelner Kunden informiert werden .
Die bisher bekannten Lösungen versenden dazu die Daten des Stromzählers per Internet an den Stromversorger , welcher diese wiederum über eine Web - Oberfläche seinen Kunden anbietet .
Aus dem unterschiedlichen Stromverbrauch der Geräte ( charakteristische Strom - Kurve ) und einer detaillierten Übermittlung dieser Daten an den Energieversorger könnte erkannt werden , um welchen Typ Gerät es sich handelt .
So könnte der Stromversorger wissen , wer wann seinen Wasserkocher einschaltet oder aber seinen Rechner ausmacht und es entsteht ein gläserner Kunde auf dessen Lebensgewohnheiten detaillierte Rückschlüsse möglich sind .
Wie lange diese Daten auf Vorrat gespeichert werden und wer zukünftig Zugriff auf diese sensiblen Daten erhält , ist nicht vorauszusehen , so könnten z.B. zukünftige Gesetze Sicherheitsbehörden oder Geheimdiensten derartige Befugnisse zugestehen .
siehe auch den eigenen Artikel zu " intelligenten Stromzählern "
Überwachung von Mitarbeitern am Arbeitsplatz
Stechkarten
Personalzeiterfassungssysteme
Tür-Chip - Systeme / elektronische Schlüssel ( z.B. Winkhaus BlueChip )
Überwachung von Telefon- , Internet - und Email - Verkehr
Überwachung von Fahrzeugen und Mitarbeitern per GPS
Fahrtenschreiber
Unfalldatenschreiber
elektronische Personalakte
Videoüberwachung
Überwachung der Computer ( Ein- und Ausschalten )
Die Firma Schober Information Group ist ein Adress - und Datenhändler und bietet Geomarketing an .
Schober bietet laut Wikipedia 5,5 Millionen Firmenadressen mit 100 Millionen Zusatzinformationen und 50 Millionen Privatadressen aus Deutschland mit 10 Milliarden Zusatzinformationen sowie 7 Millionen E-Mailadressen an . Nahezu alle Häuser Deutschlands sollen vor Ort von der Firma bewertet worden sein .
Zu den Kunden der Firma gehört z.B. die GEZ ( siehe GEZ ) .
Die Aktivitäten der Schober Information Group sind hoch umstritten und werden von Datenschützern kritisiert .
Schober erhielt 1999 den österreichischen Big Brother Award in der Kategorie Kommunikation und Marketing .
GEZ
„ Die Landesrundfunkanstalten bzw .
die GEZ dürfen alle Daten von Rundfunkteilnehmern speichern und verwalten , die für die Erfüllung ihrer Aufgaben nötig sind .
Das Statistische Bundesamt zählt 39 Millionen Privathaushalte , während die GEZ ein Datenbestand von 41,2 Millionen Teilnehmerkonten hat ( Stand 2004 , einschließlich 2,2 Mio Konten abgemeldeter Teilnehmer ) .
Die GEZ pflegt somit eine der umfassendsten Datensammlungen über die Einwohner der Bundesrepublik Deutschland .
Eine andere Quelle für Daten sind die Einwohnermeldeämter .
Diese leiten gemäß den gesetzlichen Rahmenbestimmungen der jeweiligen Bundesländer An- und Ummeldedaten an die GEZ weiter .
So wurden im Jahr 2002 von den bundesdeutschen Meldebehörden über 12 Mio. Datensätze von Bürgern an die GEZ übermittelt .
Nur Sachsen - Anhalt und Thüringen lehnen auf Grund von Datenschutzbedenken die Weitergabe der entsprechenden Daten durch die Einwohnermeldeämter ab .
Zur Ermittlung nicht angemeldeter Rundfunkteilnehmer gleicht die GEZ ihren Datenbestand mit zugekauften Adressdaten von kommerziellen Adresshändlern ab .
Die Einkäufe bei den Adresshändlern sind durch den Rundfunkgebührenstaatsvertrag legitimiert . “
– aus Wikipedia , der freien Enzyklopädie
Firma " Deutsche Post Adress "
siehe http://www.datenkraken.de/die-datenkraken
Firma " AZ Direct "
siehe http://www.datenkraken.de/die-datenkraken
Firma " Tchibo "
„ Im Jahr 2004 erhielt die Tchibo Direct GmbH die Negativ - Auszeichnung Big Brother Award in der Kategorie „ Verbraucherschutz “ .
Eigenen Aussagen zufolge würden in den Prospekten und im Internetangebot von Tchibo alle persönlichen Daten vertraulich behandelt .
Tatsächlich aber bot das Unternehmen Adressen von Tchibo - Direct - Kunden über das Direktmarketing - Unternehmen AZ Direct auf dem Adressenmarkt an . “
– aus Wikipedia , der freien Enzyklopädie
Firma " Novartis "
„ Die Novartis Pharma GmbH erhält den Preis für die Bespitzelung ihrer Arbeitnehmerinnen und Arbeitnehmer und die damit verbundene Verletzung grundlegender Persönlichkeitsrechte “
– aus BigBrother Awards 2007
Firma " Deutsche Bahn "
Erhielt 2007 den Bigbrother Award
„ da sie systematisch anonymes Reisen mit den Mitteln des faktischen Zwangs unmöglich macht : Auflösen von Fahrkartenschaltern , Automaten ohne Bargeldannahme , personalisierter Kauf im Internet , Abfrage des Geburtsdatums und Zwangsabgabe eines Bildes bei Bahncards , flächendeckende Videoüberwachung und ein RFID - Chip in der Bahncard 100 ohne Kunden zu informieren u.v.m . “
– aus BigBrother Awards 2007
Hotelketten
Internationale Hotelketten in Deutschland – Marriott , Hyatt und Intercontinental erhalten 2007 stellvertretend für viele weitere den Bigbrother Award :
„ " Diese Negativ - Sterne vergeben wir für die Erfassung und zentrale Speicherung äußerst persönlicher Daten ihrer Gäste ohne deren Wissen .
Dazu gehören Trink - und Essgewohnheiten , Pay - TV - Nutzung , Allergien , alle privaten und beruflichen Kontaktadressen , Kreditkartendaten , Sonderwünsche und Beschwerden – alles wird festgehalten . " “
– aus BigBrother Awards 2007
Firma " PTV Planung Transport Verkehr AG "
Die PTV Planung Transport Verkehr AG erhielt 2007 den Bigbrother Award
„ für ihr System zur individuellen Berechnung der Kfz - Versicherung mittels eines so genannten „ Pay as you drive “ - Systems , also einem Gerät , das Fahrtroute und Fahrverhalten aufzeichnet und an die Versicherung meldet . “
– aus Big Brother Award 2007
Spielehersteller " Blizzard "
Die Online - Aktivitäten von 11 Millionen Spielern werden als frei lesbarer RSS - Feed veröffentlich .
( http://www.golem.de/1001/72600.html)
Quellen
Risiken von Überwachung
Siehe Wikipedia : Risiko der Personen - Überwachung
Dick Cheney , the former vice president , ordered a highly classified CIA operation hidden from Congress because it pushed the limits of legality by planning to assassinate al - Qaida operatives in friendly countries without the knowledge of their governments , according to former intelligence officials .
Former counter - terrorism officials who retain close links to the intelligence community say that the hidden operation involved plans by the CIA and the military to launch operations , similar to those by Israel 's Mossad intelligence service , to hunt down and kill al - Qaida activists abroad without informing the governments concerned , even though some were regarded as friendly if unreliable .
The CIA apparently did not put the plan in to operation but the US military did , carrying out several assassinations including one in Kenya that proved to be a severe embarrassment and helped lead to the quashing of the programme .
A former intelligence official said the plan was hatched in the cauldron of the September 11 attacks when officials were pushing various forms of unilateral action and some settled on the Israelis as an example .
" One of the most sensitive areas has been what we do in friendly countries that do n't want to co-operate or maybe we do n't have enough confidence to entrust them with information .
If you have an al - Qaida guy wandering around certain bits of the world we might decide that we need to deal with that ourselves , directly , without making a lot of noise , " he said .
" There was a plan to deal with that .
It was much talked about in the CIA and the military had its own operation . "
Another former senior intelligence official responsible for dealing with al - Qaida said that assassination plans were reined in after similar covert operations by the military were botched and proved to be embarrassing , particularly the killing in Kenya .
He did not give details of the operation .
The official said he believes from conversations with serving members of the CIA that the area of real concern in Congress is that the planned operations may also have involved the covert surveillance of American citizens .
There appears to be common agreement among knowledgeable former intelligence officials that the controversy goes beyond the immediate question of assassination and capture of al - Qaida operatives as there have been numerous killings and detentions since the 9/11 attacks .
One former official said that the Bush administration discussed assassinations in the context of a ban introduced in the 1970s that responded to several failed CIA attempts to murder Fidel Castro , and concluded that as the US had declared itself at war with al - Qaida and the Taliban , this ban did not apply .
Peter Bergen , a senior security analyst at the New America Foundation , said that the secret operation must have gone further than that to have created such a backlash in Congress : " If it 's an assassination programme of al - Qaida leaders that is hardly surprising .
Clinton had an assassination programme against bin Laden .
There have been 27 drone missile strikes against al - Qaida alone this year . "
The CIA has declined to comment and members of Congress who were finally briefed about the issue by the CIA director , Leon Panetta , last month are bound by confidentiality .
Some former intelligence officials and Republicans have attempted to portray the programme as barely getting out of the planning stages but others in the intelligence community have said it is highly unlikely that the CIA would have kept such an operation going for eight years without advancing it .
The evident anger in Congress is fuelling demands for a full blown investigation in to the CIA 's failure to disclose the programme and Cheney 's role in the cover up .
The Senate majority whip , Dick Durbin , said the programme could have been illegal : " The executive branch of government should not create programs like these programs and keep Congress in the dark .
To have a massive program that was concealed from the leaders in Congress is not only inappropriate , it could be illegal . "
Anna Eshoo , a senior Democrat on the House of Representatives intelligence committee , is also calling for a probe .
" We , by no means , have the full story .
We do n't know who gave the order .
We do n't know where the money came from .
We do n't know all the people who were involved , " she told Politico .
" We need a full investigation .
My preference is that we hire an attorney to come in and run this , someone that is known for their prosecutorial knowledge as well as their knowledge of this particular area of the law . "
Nieder mit I.T .
Vorwärts im Kampf gegen die Herrschaft der Maschinen
Veröffentlicht am : 04.04.2008 , 04:30 Uhr
Dauer : 00:09:30h
Autor : Pigor
Pigor singt .
Benedikt Eichhorn muss begleiten .
Und der Ulf .
Live in der Bar jeder Vernunft , Berlin .
Nieder mit IT !
M : Eichhorn / Henrich / Pigor T : Pigor Schämt Euch schmutzige Schieber Schluckt Staub !
Streut Asche auf euer Haupt Schnödes Pack !
Packt eure verbockten Produkte Euren mit überflüssigen Features gespickten Hightech - Dreck in einen Müllsack und haut ihn weg !
Eure Versprechen sind leer Niemand glaubt mehr euer Volle - Pulle - Gelalle Alles Pille Palle !
Auf alle Fälle keine schöne schnelle neue tolle Hightech - Welt
In der man ein Gerät anstellt und es tut was man will Das wäre schon schön schrill
Ist es aber nicht Glotzt nicht so überheblich der User spricht Rache für die gebrochenen Versprechen von IT Eure Dinger funktionieren nie , nie funktionieren die , nie !
Rache für die gebrochenen Versprechen von IT Für jede Minute die ein User verliert um rauszukriegen wie Eure vermurkste Menüführung nicht funktioniert Heißt nein , nicht er ist zu blöd , Ihr habt es nicht kapiert !
Wie lange muss man rumprobieren , downloaden , neu installieren Einstellungen immer wieder variieren ?
In Idiotenformaten verpackte Daten dekomprimieren ?
Und vor allem warum ?
Warum kommt jedes Kleinteil mit einer eigenen Begrifflichkeit daher ?
Ich bin nicht zu blöd ich bin doch nicht zu blöd das zu kapieren Ich hab nur keine Lust mir mit diesem Wust Weiter mein Gehirn zu verwirren Lästig , der Rasierapparat mit seiner eigenen Philosophie Nieder mit IT ( Nieder mit IT ) Nieder mit IT Es ist beileibe kein Zeichen von Intelligenz Sich seitenweise Betriebsanleitungen einzuverleiben Sich ein Wissen anzueignen dessen Halbwertszeit Jeder Beschreibung spottet , weil bereits drei Zeiteinheiten weiter Die nächste Schnöselgeneration meint Nein , tut mir Leid , Ihr Teil gehört eingemottet Ihre Software ist nicht mehr aktuell Ihr Rechner nicht mehr schnell genug Was nun ?
Ein neues Modell ?
Was tun wenn dein ganzes Umfeld Dem Jugendgerätewahn verfällt ?
Dann ist es völlig egal ob dein Teil noch geht Kein Schnösel und kein modernes Gerät versteht Mehr seine Logik .
Es ist obsolet Genauso obsolet wie deine Vergangenheit Sie oktroyieren dir ihre eigene Kurzlebigkeit Rache für die gebrochenen Versprechen von IT Die Daten der DD - Disketten der 80er sind nicht mehr zu retten wie ?
Rache für die gebrochenen Versprechen von IT Ein Fall für die digitale Archäologie !
Mein geliebter Atari !
Doch der vermeintlich unaufhaltsame Verfall veralteter Daten allenthalben ist nicht fatal Er ist kein Naturgesetz Er ist menschliches Machwerk merkantil durchdachtes Knallhartes Killerkalkül Kill Kill Kill Killer kalkül Koll Koll Koll Kollateralschaden dabei ist : Die millionenfache Vernichtung von Individualgeschichte Die Achtziger sind uns eine Lehre , höre !
Wer nicht ausdruckt kuckt in die Röhre Ich will kein neues Betriebssystem wenn das alte noch geht !
Diese permanente Nötigung zur Neuerung .
Zur Zwangsbescheuerung
Ohne wirkliche Verbesserung .
Verfluchte Upgrades !
Ihr Nachfolgemodelle fahrt zur Hölle !
Wenn ein verpickelter IT - Crack geschmäcklerische neue Grafiken ausgeheckt Deine Lieblingsfunktionen abgespeckt oder vom Desktop weg in den Background verbannte .
Sie sind weiß wo , und man braucht Wochen für die Wiederherstellung des Status quo - ante .
Und immer wieder neue Reader .
Von wegen Read me .
I read you not Nieder mit IT ( Nieder mit IT ) Nieder mit IT Ihr Totengräber der Poesie !
Die Gesellschaft in Geiselhaft , Der Zeitvorteil hinweggerafft durch markenchauvinistische Kleinstaaterei !
Eine Folge dieser vermaledeiten Marktwirtschaft !
In nur wenigen Jahren hat diese Branche weltweit Einen Dschungel geschaffen , gegen den die Paragraphen Des deutschen Steuerstrafrechts sich wie ein straff gegliedertes System ausnehm 'n !
Ihr wollt die Zukunftsbranche sein ?
Der gute alte Buchbinder Wanninger steckt in jeder x-beliebigen Hotline Einstellungen verstellen sich von allein Programme die von selber nach Updates schrein !
Adapterkabel passen nirgendwo rein Cookies nisten sich ein Pop up Fenster wollen ununterbrochen geschlossen sein Ja ja ich weiß Herr Naseweis , es gibt in meinem Browser diesen Pop Up Stop Button Der dieses bekloppte Aufploppen unterbindet .
Wenn man diesen Button denn findet !
Genau diese
Art von Nötigung seh ich nicht ein !
Schluss mit diesen Gängelein !
Ich lass mich auf eure Logik nicht ein Ich such diesen Button nicht !
Ich such diesen Button nicht !
Nein , Nein !
Ich such diesen Button nicht !
Ich such diesen Button nicht !
Nein , Nein !
Rache für die gebrochenen Versprechen von IT
Von wegen connecting is easy !
Ihr Würstchen !
Verkäufer der jeweils neuesten Technologie Ihr seid die willenlosen Sklaven einer Verkaufsstrategie Arrogantes braungebranntes Pack !
Mit Strähnchen in den Haaren Euer Lächeln ist antrainiert in Was - kann - ich - für - sie - tun - Seminaren Die auf ihr eigenes Bauernfänger - Schnickschnack - Schnäppchen - Pack abfahren !
Schon für 0 Cent telefonieren Für 0 Cent Für 0 Cent !
So groß !
Bloß darunter eine Fußnoten Bleiwüste .
Wüsteste Begriffe deren Unentzifferbarkeit Das menschliche Genom übertrifft .
Bekiffte Juristenkniffe in Dreipunktschrift
Und ich muss mir das antun bloß weil ich telefonieren will .
Mich beschäftigen mit diesem Müll !
Müll !
Müll !
Müll !
Sie haben uns soweit gebracht , dass wir , ohne zu klagen Jedem Drecksteil sein eigenes Netzgerät hinterhertragen
Wir geben dreißigstellige Zahlenfolgen ein ohne zu protestieren
Sie stellen die Klimaanlagen so ein , dass wir mitten im Sommer frieren !
Bürger habt ihr den Braten immer noch nicht gerochen ?
Sie wollen uns unterjochen !
Die Science Fiction der 60er Jahre war schlecht
Doch sie hatten recht !
Sie sollen uns und nicht wir ihnen dienen Vorwärts im Kampf gegen die Herrschaft der Maschinen Nieder mit IT !
Nieder mit IT !
Links :
Video
The film documents that remarkable concert and the politics around it .
Boston Mayor Kevin
White and his colleagues almost by accident realized that by televising the James Brown concert they could keep people indoors that night prevent widespread rioting .
The film is almost testimony to the power of music in general and the power of James Brown 's music in particular .
The film is a tribute to the Godfather of Soul and the role he would come to play in working for civil rights .
Written by Anonymous
The bitter divisions over an overhaul of the health care system have exploded at town - hall - style meetings over the last few days as members of Congress have been shouted down , hanged in effigy and taunted by crowds .
In several cities , noisy demonstrations have led to fistfights , arrests and hospitalizations .
Democrats have said the protesters are being organized by conservative lobbying groups like FreedomWorks .
Republicans respond that the protests are an organic response to the Obama administration ’s health care restructuring proposals .
There is no dispute , however , that most of the shouting and mocking is from opponents of those plans .
Many of those opponents have been encouraged to attend by conservative commentators and Web sites .
“ Become a part of the mob ! ” said a banner posted Friday on the Web site of the talk show host Sean Hannity .
“ Attend an Obama Care Townhall near you ! ”
The exhortations do not advocate violence , but some urge opponents to be disruptive .
Emergency services tackling a large blaze at a storage facility in Sydney 's west say the fire has been contained .
Part of the factory - style building in Fariola Street , Silverwater , has collapsed making fire fighting operations extremely dangerous .
The building contains fuel , aerosols and plastics among other items .
NSW Fire Brigades spokesman Paul McGuigan said crews are facing a tough task attacking the seat of the blaze and changes in the wind direction has also made life difficult for firefighters .
The fire started just before 9 am .
Eighty firefighters are at the scene .
Thick plumes of smoke could be seen up to 20 km away at the height of the fire .
‘‘ We ’ve managed to contain it to the building itself , but it ’s quite a large building , " Superintendent McGuiggan said .
After nearly six weeks of downtime , the leading TV - torrent release group EZTV has made a comeback with a completely revamped website .
The EZTV team has implemented many new features , including detailed information on every released episode and support for customized RSS feeds to replace the now defunct TVRSS website .
Founded in the spring of 2005 , EZTV was an attempt to fill the void left behind by several other TV - torrent sites when they were taken offline .
In the years that followed , it grew to become the leading TV - torrent release group , with some of the more popular releases being downloaded up to two million times in just one week .
It therefore came as a surprise to many that the site went blank this June .
At first rumors surfaced that the site was shut down through legal action , but in reality EZTV was busy transferring the servers to a new location , and working on implementing several new features while they were at it .
EZTV ’s Novaking told TorrentFreak that downtime was initially caused by hardware problems , but they decided to take advantage of the situation and relocate all hardware to a new datacenter while implementing several new features .
“ It was hard to work on the new features while the site was operational , as I do n’t get enough hours in the day to maintain and code a new one , ” Novaking told TorrentFreak , explaining why the downtime took longer than expected .
The wait is over though .
Today the site has returned with more features than ever before .
Aside from getting the forums back online , EZTV now dedicates a full page to each released episode , with download statistics , a sample of the release and several download mirrors .
EZTV ’s new episode page
In addition to these episode pages , all the TV shows now have their own page as well as a user generated show rating , a description of the show and related news items and general information .
On top of the changes in the site ’s functionality , EZTV has also switched to using the OpenBitTorrent tracker instead of those of The Pirate Bay .
“ That was a pretty easy decision , ” Novaking told us .
“ With the current sale of TPB it would only be a matter of time before we could n’t use it anyways , so we made the switch before that happened .
As if that ’s not enough good news already , there is even more for TV - torrent addicts .
Coinciding with the relaunch of its site , EZTV is launching a replacement for TVRSS , a site where users could generate custom made RSS feeds for their favorite TV - shows .
The new site , named ezRSS , has the same functionality as the TVRSS website that was taken down two months ago , and is compatible with all BitTorrent clients that support RSS downloads .
Novaking said that ezRSS is one of features he ’s most excited about , although it ’s still uncertain if it will be able to handle the stream of new users without any significant problems .
“ I ’m hoping our servers can handle the load , ” he said .
There will be plenty of interest , that ’s for sure .
From 1917 to 1919 , the Woman 's Land Army of America brought more than 20,000 city and town women to rural America to take over farm work after men were called to war .
Related Content The Riveting Story of an American Icon
Most of these women had never before worked on a farm , but they were soon plowing fields , driving tractors , planting and harvesting .
The Land Army's " farmerettes " were paid wages equal to male farm laborers and were protected by an eight - hour workday .
For many , the farmerettes were shocking at first -- wearing pants !-- but farmers began to rely upon the women workers .
Inspired by the women of Great Britain , organized as the Land Lassies , the Woman ’s Land Army of America was established by a consortium of women ’s organizations -- including gardening clubs , suffrage societies , women ’s colleges , civic groups , and the YWCA .
The WLA provided a fascinating example of women mobilizing themselves and challenged conventional thinking about gender roles .
Like Rosie the Riveter a generation later , the Land Army farmerette became a wartime icon .
The following excerpt from Fruits of Victory : The Woman ’s Land Army in the Great War chronicles the farmerettes of the California division of the Woman ’s Land Army .
A brass band welcomed the first unit of the California Woman ’s Land Army when it arrived in the town of Elsinore on the first of May , 1918 .
The whole community turned out to greet the fifteen women dressed in their stiff new uniforms .
The Chamber of Commerce officials gave speeches of welcome , the Farm Bureau president thanked the “ farmerettes ” for coming , and the mayor gave them the keys to the city .
The Land Army recruits drove the fifty miles from the WLA headquarters offices in downtown Los Angeles to Elsinore in style : the mayor had dispatched a truck to chauffeur them .
At the welcoming ceremonies , Mayor Burnham apologized for the lack of an official municipal key ring , and offered instead a rake , hoe , and shovel to the farmerettes , “ emblematic of their toil for patriotic defense . ”
The grateful citizens of Elsinore gave the farmerettes three loud cheers .
While California fruit growers held lucrative contracts with the U.S. military to supply troops with dried and canned fruit , the extreme wartime farm labor shortage enabled the California Woman ’s Land Army to demand extraordinary employment terms : a guaranteed contract , equal pay to what local male farm laborers could command , an eight hour day , and overtime pay .
The employers also agreed to worker protections -- comfortable living quarters , designated rest periods , lifting limits , and workers ’ compensation insurance — considered radical for the time .
The Los Angeles Times trumpeted the arrival of the “ Great Land Army ” in Elsinore as an “ Epochal Experiment ” and proclaimed the farmerettes were “ To Turn New Earth in History of the American Woman . ”
Photographs of the farmerettes ’ first day at work , handling horse - drawn cultivators and gangplows , or at the wheel of giant tractors , were spread across the pages of the state ’s newspapers .
Asked if the strenuous labor might prove too hard , and some of the farmerettes might give up after a short stint , the recruits denied that was even possible .
“ Would we quit ? ” one farmerette told a reporter , “ No , soldiers do n’t . ”
Idella Purnell did n’t lie about her age in order join the Northern California division of the WLA , which opened its San Francisco headquarters just a week later .
She did n’t need to .
The daughter of American parents , Idella was raised in Mexico but came north in preparation for entering university at Berkeley that fall .
As a patriotic gesture , she wanted to serve in the Land Army in the summer months , but she was only seventeen years old , a year shy of the official entrance age .
She passed her physical at headquarters , “ and as I am ‘ husky ’ they decided to let my youth go unnoticed and simply make me 18 ! ”
Purnell confided , after the fact .
The San Francisco recruiting officers were willing the bend the rules as they faced the prospect of trying to fill their large quotas ; requests for more farmerettes were pouring in daily .
“ This is the recruiting slogan of the Women ’s Land Army of America , ” reported one San Francisco area newspaper : “ Joan of Arc Left the Soil to Save France .
We ’re Going Back to the Soil to Save America . ”
An “ advanced guard ” of women , mostly Berkeley students , was sent to the University of California ’s agricultural farm at Davis for training and soon proved themselves “ extremely efficient and as capable as men workers . ”
Another unit was based in the dormitories of Stanford and worked the crops of the Santa Clara Valley in WLA uniform .
Sacramento set up a district WLA office , and more than 175 women enlisted for service in the first month .
“ Up in Sacramento they are nearly as proud of the WLA as of the new aviation field , ” reported the San Francisco Examiner .
“ In both cases justification lies in actual achievement … the WLA shows that the women and girls are serious … and mean to do their bits . ”
In mid- June on the eve of their deployment , twenty - four fresh recruits gathered in the San Francisco WLA headquarters , located in the Underwood Building on Market Street .
They were the first group assigned to the brand new farmerette camp at Vacaville , and they were summoned together for a pre-departure pep talk .
The Vacaville Camp was constructed and furnished by a consortium of local fruit growers , who paid for it out of their own pockets .
They built the camp on high ground near the Vacaville train station , with a six - foot high pine stockade surrounding it for privacy .
Inside the stockade were canvas sleeping tents with wood floors , a screened kitchen and dining room , showers , and a dressing room , as well as a hospital tent .
The camp cost about $ 4,500 to build and the growers agreed to share the investment : only those who contributed towards the camp were to enjoy the assistance of the farmerettes .
These farmerettes now assembled in the San Francisco WLA office , listening as their supervisor , Alice Graydon Phillips , explained what their life and work would be like in the Vacaville Camp .
She warned them that the summer heat would be brutal , and that picking fruit atop ladders would make their backs , arms , and fingers sore .
She read them the Woman ’s Land Army pledge and then asked aloud if they willingly would arise to the sound of a bugle at 5:30 in the morning ?
“ Yes ! ” they shouted .
Would they consent to the WLA military - style structure ?
“ Yes , ” they agreed in unison .
Would they agree to muster for inspection , line up for exercise drills , take kitchen police duty , and eat the rations they were served without complaint ?
“ Yes ! ” Would they submit to strict rules of discipline — including the provision that five offenses for lateness constitutes one breach of discipline and an honorable discharge ?
Here the “ Yes ” chorus was punctuated by some sighs , but they assented ..
They signed the pledge forms .
They elected two “ majors ” from their ranks to lead them — one , a girl who had four brothers fighting at the front ; the other , an older woman from Santa Barbara with girl - club experience .
Led by a college girl from Berkeley , they all joined in a rousing cheer :
Do n’t be a slacker
Be a picker or a packer
WLA , Rah , rah , rah !
They took the early train to Vacaville , just beyond Napa , a journey of about sixty miles .
“ It was hot in the orchard at Napa , ” Idella Purnell recalled .
The sun rose higher and higher , and the long ladders grew heavier and heavier .
Perspiration started on our foreheads and beaded our lips .
The golden peaches were so high — so hard to reach !
The peach fuzz and dust on our throats and arms began to irritate the skin , but we did not dare scratch — we knew that would only aggravate the trouble .
One who has never had “ peach fuzz rash ” cannot appreciate the misery of those toiling , dusty , hot - faced girls .
Purnell , who would make her career as a writer and editor of an influential poetry journal , was getting a crash course in the less romantic aspects of farmerette life .
As word of their good work spread , more northern and southern California farmers asked for WLA units to be based near their orchards and ranches .
The newspapers charted the farmerettes ’ summons into the golden groves with headlines like : “ Hundreds Go Into Fields at Once ” and “ Women to Till Thousands of Southern California ’s Acres . ”
Sunset magazine carried an editorial in its July issue titled “ The Woman ’s Land Army is Winning ” illustrated by a photo of farmerettes in uniform posing with hoes slung over their shoulders like guns .
The Los Angeles Times sent one of its star reporters , Alma Whitaker , to spend a day working with a Land Army unit , and she came away rather dazzled .
Describing one farmerette as “ tall and husky and wields a spade like a young Amazon her sword ” and another as possessing “ a pair of shoulders and muscular arms like a bantam lightweight ”
Whitaker was taken with the farmerettes ’ serious attitude :
“ This woman ’s land army , composed of able - bodied young women , selected just as the men are selected by the army , for their physical capacity , their good characters , their general deportment , and trained and disciplined even rather more strictly than the men ... are acquitting themselves with amazing efficiency . ”
Whitaker took note of the Land Army uniform , which became a hot topic of conversation in that summer :
“ The official uniform has called forth criticism , ” she reported .
“ Farm laborers do n’t wear uniforms .
But those uniforms are proven to be an essential and desirable asset , for not only are they intensely practical , but they have exactly the same effect on girls as they do on the men — one lives up to a uniform . ”
As in the military , the Land Army uniform also served as a great social equalizer and provided a powerful sense of social cohesion .
“ The cotton uniform , ” wrote one California farmerette , “ soon muddy and fruit stained , in which some girls looked picturesque , but no one overwhelmingly beautiful , leveled all distinction except those of personality , manners and speech . ”
As the season progressed , Idella Purnell was promoted to the captaincy of her own squad of Land Army workers .
But amid the grape vines of Lodi , captain Purnell encountered what every American feared in this time of war : the snake in the garden , the saboteur .
At first Purnell assumed the woman was simply that lesser form of wartime menace , the slacker , not willing to do her share , but Purnell ’s suspicions hardened when her lazy farmerette resorted to shoddy picking : “ She took to sabotage , ” Purnell explained .
“ Green grapes , rotten grapes — anything and everything went into her boxes , tossed there by a hand careless of the precious bloom — and they all were only half full .
Purnell tried to handle the situation herself :
I remonstrated — mildly at first .
I showed her again … At noon I made a special talk to the girls for her benefit , in which I pointed out that we were soldiers just as much as the ones ‘ over there , ’ that we too had a chance to make good — or to be classified as slackers and cowards .
I made it clear that a slacker was a person who tried to palm off poor boxes of grapes for good ones .
One bad bunch ruins a whole box , and that is the same as helping shoot cannonballs at our boys .
But the slacker farmerette did not improve : “ In fact , she seemed to take a malicious delight in doing her worst , and trying to get away with it , ” said Purnell .
“ I argued , pleaded , threatened and scolded by turns .
Commanding did no good .
“ That night I made a report to the camp supervisor , and learned that mine was not the first complaint against her .
Mine was the last straw , and she was dishonorably discharged . ”
A saboteur farmerette in the ranks was exceedingly rare ; more often the Land Army worker was hailed as the “ Patriot Farmerette . ”
And in that role , she deserved a “ pin- up ” above her cot , a photo of a handsome movie star to inspire her , just like her brother in the army or navy had his starlets , teased L A Times reporter Alma Whitaker , who archly exhorted the local movie industry ’s matinee idols to do their bit by becoming “ godfathers ” to farmerettes and other women war workers :
Now , while our masculine regiments are well supplied with fair godmothers , not a single godfather has arisen for the benefit of the land army girls or the war efficiency motor maids or the Red Cross chapter girls …
It is n’t fair .
What are the stylish picture heroes thinking about ?
Why is n’t Charlie Chaplin or Douglas Fairbanks offering themselves in this guise ?
Is masculinity trying to assert , in this day and age , that women ’s patriotism is not as important and self - sacrificing as men ’s patriotism ?
Pshaw !
Think of the land army girls , exuding honest sweat on California farms , day in and day out , in uniforms quite as becoming as any at Camp Kearny … all without a godfather .
It would be such a nice compliment if , say , Charlie Chaplin should adopt the first unit of the woman ’s land army and go down to see them decked in a land army uniform , just as Mary Pickford wore khaki when she went to San Diego .
There are no known photos of Charlie Chaplin donning a Land Army uniform , but the farmerette was truly a star in California in the summer of 1918 .
Poker players are gambling on Congress seeing things their way .
Advocates for legalizing online poker have descended on Washington this week for a lobbying blitz that 's supposed to last until Friday .
They 're betting they can overturn or at least ease federal laws that generally bar Internet gambling .
They 're seeking regulation of Internet gaming , a change they say would reduce compulsive and underage gambling , according to John A. Pappas , the executive director of the Poker Players Alliance , whose slogan is " Poker is Not a Crime . "
Members of his organization plan to meet with 100 members of Congress from 35 states this week and were to host a charity poker tournament Tuesday night benefiting the USO and the Walter Reed Army Medical Center .
They 've enlisted the help of famous poker players such as Annie Duke , Andy Bloch and Howard Lederer .
Among those pushing legislation is Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass. , the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , who sees the measure as consumer protection and a potential source of revenue , since winnings could be taxed .
Pappas kicked off the lobbying effort Monday by hosting a panel to promote the benefits of lifting the gambling ban .
Many American poker players have been getting around the ban since it was instituted in 2006 by using sites based in the Caribbean or the United Kingdom .
The sites make up more than a third of all online poker players .
However , Rep. Spencer Bachus of Alabama , the top Republican on the House committee , condemned the gambling legislation in the works .
Bachus helped write the 2006 bill , which made it illegal for banks or credit card companies to process money earned through online gambling , although it does n't specifically define online gambling .
Bachus , in a statement , said he 'd continue to support efforts to discourage online gambling .
" Illegal off - shore Internet gambling sites are a criminal enterprise , and allowing them to operate unfettered in the United States would present a clear danger to our youth , who are subject to becoming addicted to gambling at an early age , " he said .
" In fact , studies have shown that earlier one begins gambling , the more likely it is he or she will become a compulsive problem gambler . "
Regulation , however , would n't only protect children by instituting age identifying software , but also would keep players from being defrauded by shady sites or other players , Pappas and other panelists said .
" I really see this as a consumer protection issue , " said Parry Aftab , who was on Monday 's panel and serves as the executive director of Wired Safety , an Internet safety charity organization .
Online poker players " ca n't go to the ( Federal Trade Commission ) and say ' someone defrauded me . '
You ca n't get any help , " she said .
Pappas , whose organization has spent $ 400,000 in the past three months alone on lobbying efforts , agreed .
" It 's a marketplace based on trust , " Pappas said .
" There is no business if people do n't trust them .
It 's a bottom - line business issue that they have the safest , securest site out there . "
___
( c ) 2009 , McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Visit the McClatchy Washington Bureau on the World Wide Web at www.mcclatchydc.com
Explore further Group says poker winnings are frozen
Redundant Hosting Our Redundant Department of Redundancy has a Redundant Server Failover System that will initiate a failover hosting in case of unexpected server uptime .
Our Redundant Department of Redundancy has a Redundant Server Failover System that will initiate a failover hosting in case of unexpected server uptime .
AJAX Email Our Web 2.0 Email Interface is open to all our clients and visitors .
In the true spirit of Web 2.0 , everyone is invited to read and edit your emails for the good of the general public .
Our Web 2.0 Email Interface is open to all our clients and visitors .
In the true spirit of Web 2.0 , everyone is invited to read and edit your emails for the good of the general public .
24/8 Phone Support
Our phones are always on all 8 days of the week .
Operators are standing by to put you on hold the minute you call .
Our phones are always on all 8 days of the week .
Operators are standing by to put you on hold the minute you call .
LAMP Server Our LAMP is powered by 30 halogen bulbs for extra bright lightening that will definitely hurt your eyes .
Our LAMP is powered by 30 halogen bulbs for extra bright lightening that will definitely hurt your eyes .
Linux Powered Our Linux Free BSD systems are at the forefront of modern technology .
By merging several distributions of Linux into one , we were able to create an operating system so complicated we do n't even know how to use it ourselves .
Our Linux Free BSD systems are at the forefront of modern technology .
By merging several distributions of Linux into one , we were able to create an operating system so complicated we do n't even know how to use it ourselves .
Uploading Files
Don't like uploading your files via FTP ?
No problem !
Send us your files on a floppy and we 'll upload it for you .
It 's one of the many ways we do our best to accommodate your needs .
Just remember , our floppy system does not accept Windows , Linux , or Mac floppies .
Do n't like uploading your files via FTP ?
No problem !
Send us your files on a floppy and we 'll upload it for you .
It 's one of the many ways we do our best to accommodate your needs .
Just remember , our floppy system does not accept Windows , Linux , or Mac floppies .
Sour ‘ Hibi no neiro ’
“ This music video was shot for Sour ’s ‘ Hibi no Neiro ’ ( Tone of everyday ) from their first mini album ‘ Water Flavor EP ’ .
The cast were selected from the actual Sour fan base , from many countries around the world .
Each person and scene was filmed purely via webcam . ”
Brilliant !
August 26 , 2009 , marks 60 days since Honduras ' oligarchy overthrew the elected president of the country .
As protests against the coup continue without let up , Western governments have refused to do anything concrete to support democracy , or as in the case of the US administration of President Barack Obama , been complicit .
The international corporate mass media has shunned providing coverage of the mass opposition in the streets of Tegucigalpa .
This news blackout , and the resulting heightened state repression , has done little to deter the ongoing resistance to the coup inside Honduras .
Al Giordano reports from rural Honduras on the determination of the resistance movement to achieve its goals , with or without help from overseas .
Giordano also points out that , contrary to popular belief outside of Honduras , the end goal of the resistance is not the return to power of President Manuel Zelaya , but rather the transformation of the country through a constitutional referendum .
Sometimes one little concept can be the missing piece in your game .
I recently read the book Pleasures of Small Motions : Mastering the Mental Game of Pocket Billiards by Bob Fancher .
In the very first few chapters he talks about the motivation behind playing pool – Some people play because they like to win , others because they like to hang out with their friends and have a little fun .
However one particular group of people , does n’t care about winning and losing , or about socializing .
They play because they LOVE the game .
These are the people who do n’t even need another person to play with and are happy shooting by themselves .
These are the people who enjoy drills and practice because they can appreciate the beauty in each shot , and the practice is a pleasure in itself .
During games , they admire a good shot played by an opponent and cheer them on instead of hoping that the other person misses .
All they care about is learning and improving and enjoying the game .
However one particular group of people , does n’t care about winning and losing , or about socializing .
They play because they LOVE the game .
These are the people who do n’t even need another person to play with and are happy shooting by themselves .
These are the people who enjoy drills and practice because they can appreciate the beauty in each shot , and the practice is a pleasure in itself .
Reading the book made me remember why I started playing pool in the first place .
Since then , I ’ve started enjoying pool a lot more .
I ’ve also got a whole lot better .
I ’ve realized I do n’t care whether I win or lose .
Anytime an opponent makes an unbelievable shot , I usually ask them to teach me the shot after the game .
Each time I see or learn something new , I have to go try it myself .
Suddenly each game is no longer a win / lose situation but an opportunity to learn , improve and enjoy the game of billiards .
Another profound book that has helped change my life is The Power of Now by Eckhart Tolle .
For a book that has nothing to do with pool , it is amazing how much the ideas from this book have helped improve my game .
The book talks about being in the present moment instead of the past or the future ; about doing things for the pleasure of doing them , and not for the result .
The path to enlightenment is very simple – Do one thing at a time .
Do n’t think about why you started the task .
Do n’t think about what will happen once you complete the task .
When doing the task , focus on only the task and nothing else .
The path to enlightenment is very simple – Do one thing at a time .
Do n’t think about why you started the task .
Do n’t think about what will happen once you complete the task .
When doing the task , focus on only the task and nothing else .
Eckhart
Tolle convinced me that even washing dishes can be a path to enlightenment , as long as I focus on the task and learn to enjoy it instead of considering it a chore .
A couple of months after I read the book , I had this amazing experience of happiness , joy and peace .
This is one book I would recommend to anyone who is not happy and satisfied with their life and wants to learn to live at peace with himself .
Putting these two books together , I discovered the missing piece in my pool game –
The art of running a table is n’t just about planning ahead .
It is also focusing on one shot at a time and taking pleasure in each shot .
Shooting the shot because we enjoy it , and not as if it were a painful thing that we have to get over with before we can get to the end of the match .
The fact is , even when we have a whole table to run , once we decide what order to run the balls in we have only one shot in front of us at a time .
Nothing else .
It does n’t matter who we are playing .
It does n’t matter what the race is .
It does n’t matter if this is a tournament or a fun match .
It does n’t matter how many more balls we need to make .
All we have right now , is that one shot .
I try to focus on that one shot as if it were the last shot I have to play .
I look at the ball I have to make and where I am shooting .
I relax and let the subconscious mind do the aiming for me as I get down on the shot .
I shoot with a straight stroke and smooth follow through .
I watch as the cue hits the ball and listen to the sound of the cue ball strike the object ball .
I stay down on the shot and watch as the object ball slowly rolls into the pocket and the cue ball moves towards where I intended .
And then I slowly get up to see what I have to face next .
Once I make the shot , I can focus on the next shot .
If I miss , it wo n’t matter anyway .
With so much amazing stuff going on , why would I even want to be thinking about the next shot or the previous shot ?
It would be like sitting at a movie theater and day dreaming about the movie sequel instead of watching the movie right in front of me .
Why would I do that and ruin the amazing movie I have in front of me right now ?
With so much amazing stuff going on , why would I even want to be thinking about the next shot or the previous shot ?
It would be like sitting at a movie theater and day dreaming about the movie sequel instead of watching the movie right in front of me .
Why would I do that and ruin the amazing movie I have in front of me right now ?
Over the last few weeks , especially since I started working on the bottle drill to improve my pool stroke , I have been running 6 - 7 balls effortlessly .
And each of the times I ran a table , there was one thing in common – I was only thinking about one shot at a time .
In “ The Four Quadrants of Conformism ” Paul Graham is concerned about a decline in free inquiry .
Report : Altidore At Hull City For Loan Talks
The Tigers could be set to conclude their search for a new striker .
Maybe we ought to rethink this whole “ Friday news dump ” principle , given the most frequent topic of conversation over the most social weekend of the year ?
Yes , we should .
If not for the sake of damage - controlling politicians , at least for the sake of those of us who come back into the office on Monday and are expected to be funnier than your funny friend was when you were all drunk and happy on Saturday night .
But here at the L we have a big “ Win the Cycle ” sign above our door that we ritualistically tap as we enter the office .
And we ’ve noticed that everybody seems to have their own theory as to why Sarah Palin resigned — it ’s a fucking cage match of competing narratives , with media outlets trying even harder than the Palin camp to push their stotyline , or at least cover them all as a way of maintaining ownership over this pageview clusterfuck .
So , please help the L win this story !
After the jump , we ’ve assembled our best guesses as to The Real Reason Behind Sarah Palin ’s resignation ; it would be really great if you could pick one or two of these to start repeating as inside dope or outright fact to everyone you speak to .
( Needless to say , none of these would really make any less sense than whatever the real reason is . )
The Real Reason for Sarah Palin ’s resignation :
1. According to rumors in Alaskan political circles , the FBI was about to announce that they were investigating allegations that , as mayor of Wasilla , Palin had used government funds to pay for the
Former Elite XC welterweight champion Jake Shields and former ICON Sport middleweight champion Jason " Mayhem " Miller will battle it out for the interim Strikeforce middleweight title sometime soon .
No firm date or location is known at this time .
Miller made the announcement in a recent forum post over at MyFightTeam.com .
Here 's the snip :
" I 'm set to take on Jake Shields for the middleweight championship of the world in Strikeforce . "
It 's expected that the winner of the 185 - pound contest between Shields and Miller will challenge reigning Strikeforce Middleweight Champion Cung
Le later this year to unify the belts .
Le is currently tied up with several Hollywood - related projects outside the cage that have kept him out of action for more than one year .
He expects to return to competition by the end of 2009 or early 2010 .
More on this breaking news in a bit .
In May , New York City principals received letters from the advocacy group Asthma Free School Zone , urging them to keep trucks from their buildings .
“ Sometimes you ’ll see a child in a stroller parked right next to the exhaust pipe of the truck , ” said Lori Bukiewicz , schools coordinator for the organization , which has been trying to persuade Mister Softee to use biodiesel fuels in generators for their freezers and to get city officials to pass legislation controlling the trucks ’ emissions .
For the last two years , it has been illegal for ice cream trucks in the city to play their jingles while stopped for business .
Parents in most places improvise solutions  running the other way when they hear the jingle or telling their children that they left their wallets at home .
Rachael Reiley of Cambridge , Mass. , called the ice cream truck “ the music truck , ” convincing her 3 - year - old son that it was playing “ The Entertainer ” simply to entertain .
But he soon got wise when he saw the other children walking away from the truck , their faces smeared with chocolate and vanilla , their hands filled with ice cream cones .
Image BAN THE BELL ?
Some parents dislike vendors near playgrounds .
Credit ... Jenn Ackerman / The New York Times
Ms. Reiley did n’t mind buying him a treat , occasionally .
But the truck  called Here ’s Frosty  parks outside her door on most sunny days around 4:30 p.m. and wakes her son from his nap .
“ Then he ’s up , plastered against the window , yelling : ‘ Music truck !
Music truck !’ ” Ms. Reiley said .
“ Sometimes he grabs his little bank and says , ‘ I have money . ’ ”
As a new mother , she said , people coach you on potty training and what to feed your child .
“ But the ice cream truck , nobody ever mentions that , ” she said .
In northeastern Wisconsin , on the social networking site Moms Like Me , a group of mothers shared their ice cream angst in June .
“ I was amazed at the number of moms who said they hated it , ” said Laura Kaste , the site manager .
For some , the cost was a problem .
Another mother was angry that the ice cream man would always arrive right before dinner .
Joel Semanko , who owns an ice cream vendor business , Cool Cycles , in Tacoma , Wash . , said the dignified , responsible days of the ice cream man cruising into a neighborhood at dusk began to fade in the 1970s .
Eric Holder 's decision to appoint John Durham as a special prosecutor comes after the Justice Department 's ethics office recommended reopening about a dozen cases .
Justice to probe alleged CIA abuse
Attorney General Eric Holder has named a federal prosecutor to examine alleged CIA interrogation abuses — a move that could lead to the criminal prosecution of CIA officers and contractors and is sure rekindle the debate over how far the United States should go to get information from terror suspects .
Holder ’s decision to assign the inquiry to a seasoned career prosecutor , John Durham of Connecticut , comes after the Justice Department ’s ethics office recommended reopening about a dozen cases of prisoner abuse .
Aides said Holder himself was so troubled by some of the reports that he felt a prosecutor might be needed — even though the move is likely to be viewed by the White House as an unwelcome distraction .
Advertisement
In a written statement about the inquiry , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs immediately invoked President Barack Obama ’s mantra about focusing on the future , not the past , when it comes to questions how the Bush administration carried out its war on terror .
“ The president has said repeatedly that he wants to look forward , not back , and the president agrees with the attorney general that those who acted in good faith and within the scope of legal guidance should not be prosecuted .
Ultimately , determinations about whether someone broke the law are made independently by the attorney general , ” Gibbs said .
But Holder suggested Monday that he was duty bound to refer the issues for further examination .
“ I share the president ’s conviction that as a nation , we must , to the extent possible , look forward , and not backward , when it comes to issues such as these .
While this department will follow its obligation to take this preliminary step to examine possible violations of law , we will not allow our important work of keeping the American people safe to be sidetracked , ” Holder insisted .
Holder said “ the information known to me ” warrants opening a preliminary investigation .
But he stressed that “ neither the opening of a preliminary review nor , if evidence warrants it , the commencement of a full investigation , means that charges will necessarily follow . ”
Durham is already pursuing an inquiry left over from the Bush administration into the CIA ’s destruction of videotapes of interrogations of high - level operatives .
Holder suggested Durham was the most efficient course of action , since he and his aides have the proper security clearances and know the ropes at the CIA .
“ During the course of that investigation , Mr. Durham has gained great familiarity with much of the information that is relevant to the matter at hand , ” the attorney general said .
The news of the inquiry into past interrogations came as the Justice Department released a CIA Inspector General report from 2004 that details some of the most extreme interrogation techniques used under the Bush Administration , including the use of a mock execution and a power drill to intimidate Al Qaeda operatives .
The White House also chose Monday , the first full day of Obama ’s vacation on Martha ’s Vineyard , to announce that he has decided to set up a new , elite terrorist interrogation team .
However , officials said the new squad will limit the techniques it can employ to those already approved for military use — a restriction sure to chafe some who believe tougher tactics should be allowed against America ’s most determined adversaries .
“ The task force concluded that the Army Field Manual provides appropriate guidance on interrogation for military interrogators and that no other additional guidance is needed for others within the federal government who conduct interrogations , ” a senior administration official said , speaking on condition of anonymity during a telephone briefing with reporters .
“ The practices and techniques within the Army Field Manual are currently used by law enforcement and provide adequate and effective means of conducting such interrogations . ”
On his second full day as president , Obama limited all federal interrogators to the techniques in the Army Field Manual , but he also set up a task force to examine whether other approaches might be needed in some circumstances .
The task force ’s study was considered a nod to some in the government who favored keeping the option of using tougher tactics .
The new report calls for scientific studies which could augment the list of acceptable techniques , but an official said there would be “ full transparency ” if new techniques were adopted in the future .
The new interrogation group will be run by the FBI and include CIA personnel .
It will operate under guidance from the National Security Council .
“ Its principal function [ will be ] intelligence gathering rather than law enforcement , ” a senior official said .
“ The White House will not be involved in any type of operation of this group . ”
The news on past and future interrogations also comes on the first full day of Obama ’s vacation in Martha ’s Vineyard .
The timing may allow the most intense debate over the issues to dissipate before Obama returns to Washington next week to tackle health care reform and other domestic issues .
However , some of the most pressing and most vexing national security issues facing the administration — uch as how to carry out Obama ’s promise to close Guantanamo by January — will not be resolved this week .
Those are sure to spill over into September as Congress considers bills that deal with military and Justice Department funding for the fiscal year starting in October .
One former CIA official said he is doubtful that agencies will be willing to loan or transfer their best interrogators and linguists to a team which may only be activated to deal with high - level detainees .
The problem will be exacerbated by the exceedingly thin ranks of security - cleared federal employees able to speak Arabic or other vital languages , said the ex-official .
Before September 11 , 2001 , the CIA never had significant expertise in interrogations , besides questioning of suspected spies .
When pressed to oversee interrogations , the agency turned to contractors , many with military backgrounds .
Some current and former CIA officials who see that decision as having besmirched the agency ’s reputation have long been eager to get the agency out of the interrogation business .
Already , current CIA Director Leon Panetta weighed in on the release of the 2004 report on interrogations , with a letter to CIA employees saying the interrogations did obtain valuable information from Al Qaeda detainees .
“ I make no judgments on the accuracy of the 2004 IG report or the various views expressed about it .
Nor am I eager to enter the debate , already politicized , over the ultimate utility of the Agency ’s past detention and interrogation effort , ” Panetta wrote .
“ But this much is clear :
The CIA obtained intelligence from high - value detainees when inside information on Al Qaeda was in short supply .
Whether this was the only way to obtain that information will remain a legitimate area of dispute , with Americans holding a range of views on the methods used . ”
But the new unit and the report are hardly the final word on interrogations from the Obama administration .
Holder is facing a decision on whether to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Bush - era interrogation practices , including some cases where it is believed officers went even beyond the tactics allowed by the Justice Department .
Holder is widely expected to select a special prosecutor , but the exact scope of the duties remain unclear .
The Justice Department ’s ethics office has recommended reopening about a dozen prisoner - abuse cases , The New York Times reported Sunday — which could leave CIA employees vulnerable to prosecution .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Mayflower , a particularly compact pony , would like you to know the following : she is not stuck in mud , she simply has very short legs .
Fire crews have been called four times to the animal 's favourite grazing spot on salt marshes by the River Test in Southampton , most recently earlier this week , by concerned onlookers .
Anton Phillips , the animal rescue specialist for Hampshire fire service , explained that Mayflower 's distinctive physique – an apparent cross between a Shetland and New Forest pony , she has the stumpy - legged look of an equine dachshund – means that from a distance it can appear she is trapped in soft ground .
" We have been called out several times for the animal now and it is getting a bit ridiculous , " he said .
" These calls from the public are with good intent .
When viewed at long range , this pony looks like it is trapped , particularly if it is standing still next to its mates which are twice its height . "
Mayflower 's owner is reportedly considering putting up a sign in the field to reassure passers - by .
( OPRAH.com ) --
Here 's a tricky one for you : Imagine that one day , you start to suspect that a woman you work with , the one with the new baby and the newly unemployed husband , is padding her expense account .
What would you do ?
Report her to HR ?
Admonish her yourself ?
Sometimes just seeing part of the situation can give you the wrong perception on an issue .
Probably not .
Instead , if you 're like most people who find themselves entangled in an ethical dilemma at the office , either as a participant or an observer , you 'd do nothing .
That is , except agonize and flail , searching for a clean escape from the ambiguous moral mess you 've found yourself in .
If there is one .
I have a file in my desk drawer filled with e-mails from people I 've met while traveling as a business journalist , all seeking advice about ethical dilemmas at work .
Not that they call their problems by that term .
Usually they just describe something that has happened on the job that has made them feel vaguely compromised .
Something that has given them a gnawing sensation in their gut that will not go away .
Now , to be clear :
This " Uh - Oh " file is not filled with letters from people who have stumbled into cases of egregious wrongdoing , like what happened at Enron and Tyco .
Those whoppers were n't ethical dilemmas -- they were ethical violations in black - and - white .
The situations I hear about exist in shades of gray .
Oprah.com :
How to handle life 's stickiest situations
Take , for instance , the woman who contacted me from San Francisco , where she worked at a bank .
" My manager is extraordinarily political and very adept at covering his back , " she wrote .
" I admire him for his intelligence , but I am having some discomfort lately doing what he is asking of me , which amounts to suppressing the opportunities of those who work for him .
I would love to stay at this company and move out of my boss ' department .
But I 'm not sure I can .
I think I am stuck ' screwing ' people who do n't deserve it . "
Or consider the woman from Detroit -- the head of operations at an automotive parts supplier .
" As you can imagine , we have been through many rounds of job cuts over the last few years , " she wrote .
" I used to be able to let go of my poor performers first , but now I am being told by the legal department that I have to make cuts based on seniority .
It 's not fair , and the effect on the performance of my team is devastating .
Should I just look the other way ? "
Oprah.com :
What to do about a boss who lies like a rug
Both of these women -- and others in the Uh - Oh file -- share in the belief that there is n't a good way out .
I can relate .
I 'm a veteran of a few ethical dilemmas myself , as are most people who have worked for any stretch of time ( in my case , 26 years ) .
But it is the poignant and sometimes painful stories of the women who 've written me and whom I have met across the country that have taught me how common these predicaments are , and how treacherous .
Although I 've learned that almost no one walks away from one unchanged , I 've also come to a three - step approach that makes it possible to emerge from the experience with your nervous system and self - confidence relatively intact .
Do n't Miss Oprah.com :
Do your co-workers drive you crazy ?
Oprah.com :
Do your co-workers drive you crazy ?
Oprah.com :
How to finally get ahead at work
Oprah.com : How to finally get ahead at work Oprah.com :
What to do when you have the boss from hell ?
That 's a far cry from what usually happens -- as I found when I was a 23 - year - old newspaper reporter on the crime beat in Fort Lauderdale , Florida .
Driving to work one day , I recognized several policemen hanging around my neighborhood .
They were n't in uniform , so I figured an undercover operation was under way .
I called my best source in the department , who told me a rapist had struck in the area five times and that if my paper reported on the sting , the rapist would skip town , and no cop in the city would ever speak to me again .
" But women are in imminent danger , " I protested .
" Someone has to warn them . "
" Any publicity and we 'll lose this creep , " came the answer .
" He 'll go to another city and rape more women .
You can not let that happen . "
Today I 'm not sure exactly why I did what I did , which was obey the detective .
I 'd like to believe it was because , after covering the police for a year , I 'd come to trust their judgment .
But I 'd be disingenuous to say my career did n't figure into the decision .
It must have .
That night , as I lay in bed with my stomach twisted in a knot and my heart pounding through my eyeballs , the police caught their prey breaking into a first - floor apartment .
His intended victim was a 15 - year - old girl .
Get all the facts
Now , you might think my anxiety would have vanished with the rapist 's arrest .
But to this day , I still get an uh - oh feeling every time I let myself think , " What if they had n't caught the rapist that night and a woman had been attacked because of my selfishness ? "
I still wonder if my decision in Fort Lauderdale was more lucky than right .
What I do n't wonder about is why my choice confused me so much at the time .
I 've learned that most ethical dilemmas are difficult because of insufficient information and overheated deductions .
And when the dilemma occurs on the job -- the source of your mortgage payment , retirement fund , and medical benefits -- it 's even more challenging to get to a place where you can make a dispassionate , informed decision about what to do .
Oprah.com : 48 decisions we 've made for you
That 's why your first step , should you find yourself in this particular work nightmare , must be to get all the facts .
Because of their very nature -- their inherent ambiguity -- ethical dilemmas at the office are usually rife with rumor and worst - case - scenario hypothesizing :
That coworker padding her expenses ?
Turns out she 's following new tax guidelines for calculating mileage .
That threat in Fort Lauderdale about my sources drying up ?
I later discovered that many police officers on the force , including an assistant chief , wanted to go public with the story .
Had I done that , I might actually have earned a few new " friends " in high places .
I just did n't know enough .
Nor did a secretary I 'll call Carol , whose boss had asked her to prepare severance documents for about a dozen people in her division .
The request tormented her .
" It 's just wrong to give employees one week 's notice , " she said .
" I know the right thing is to let these poor people know what 's coming . "
Not long after , a sheepish Carol contacted me .
At lunch one day , she had confided in a friend in HR that she was thinking of quitting because she could n't bring herself to collude with her boss ' ruthless severance plan .
Her friend had burst into laughter .
The " poor people " on her boss ' list , she said , had all elected to take a generous early - retirement package from the company .
Carol 's conclusion : " You can only do the right thing when you 're not looking at things all wrong . "
Obviously , fact - finding is n't always easy .
It involves discretion , patience and savvy .
Think more Nancy Drew than Spanish Inquisition .
Focus your " investigation " on the people at your company who are n't gossips , but insiders .
You know them :
Often they 're longtime employees , trusted by management and colleagues alike , experienced enough to tell a fire drill from a conflagration , and emotionally invested in keeping the organization on an even keel .
Approach these individuals not like a prosecutor ready to go to trial but like a detective new to the case .
And remember , such insiders usually do n't give information ; they trade it .
Be prepared to engage in that process without revealing confidences .
HR can also be a source of reliable information , if you work in a large enough company .
At the very least , like Carol 's friend , they can steer you away from significantly misconstrued conclusions .
Ethical , personal or political
Once you 've completed your fact - finding mission , it 's time to move to the second phase of this process , determining whether this is an ethical dilemma or a crisis that is more personal or political in nature .
Yes , some instances are about principles .
If Carol had discovered that the people on her boss 's list were , in fact , about to get fired without adequate warning , her choice would have been a true moral quandary .
But other so - called ethical dilemmas are made of fuzzier stuff .
I know a corporate executive , a woman I 'll call Margaret , who was forced out of her job after a co-worker accused her of not following the company 's procedure for picking a firm to handle regional distribution , saying she blatantly favored a firm where she had close friends .
Margaret strongly denied the charges , but , concerned about looking soft on integrity issues , her boss asked her to go .
And guess who immediately made a quiet and successful play for the newly vacated job ?
Margaret 's accuser , of course .
Maybe his motives were pure .
I do n't believe Margaret is the only one thinking they were not , and in some cases it will be difficult , if not impossible , to determine if a person is acting out of self - interest .
But in other instances , it might be apparent that the conflict is n't about ethics ; it 's about ambition , payback or other interoffice jockeying .
In loaded situations , it never hurts to pull back and ask , " Is this about principles or a power play ? "
Outside opinion from a cool distance
The third and final step in handling an ethical dilemma is the most straightforward :
It 's taking your dilemma to a " Yoda " -- a confidant with wisdom and insight but no skin in your particular game .
The fact is , ethical dilemmas can be so fraught , it 's often impossible to make sense of them alone -- even after fact - finding and asking yourself who stands to benefit most .
Your instinct , of course , will be to sort it all out with a trusted ally , like your husband or a friend from work .
Forget that .
They 're about as close to the fire as you are .
What you need is someone at a cool distance .
In Fort Lauderdale , for example , I could have called an old journalism professor for advice , or my best friend in Boston , who was in the process of earning a PhD in ethics .
Either could have provided the 20,000 - foot view and helped me focus on my choices and their consequences .
Maybe I still would have elected to remain silent , but at least I would have understood why .
As for the women in my Uh - Oh file , they too might have benefited from a Yoda .
Unable to find another position in a different division , the bank employee from San Francisco who felt compromised by her " extraordinarily political " boss eventually quit .
She is running her own small consulting firm now , happy but still occasionally haunted by the unplanned way her corporate career ended .
" I love being my own boss , " she wrote me recently .
" Sometimes I think that leaving was the luckiest accident that ever happened to me .
But sometimes , usually when I am at my computer still working at 10 at night , I wonder if I should have just stuck it out . "
As for the operations manager from Detroit who was forced to conduct layoffs by seniority , she ceded to the company 's lawyers .
When I contacted her recently , she simply explained , " I 'm used to it now .
I need my job . "
I asked if she still had an uh - oh feeling .
She paused for a long time , then finally said , " When I 'm driving home . "
Happy endings ?
Well , real ones .
Ethical dilemmas rarely wrap themselves up , with loose ends neatly tied .
Like life itself , they are usually messy and complex , and many of us muddle through until a messy and complex ending emerges from the ether .
Sometimes , however , we can find better endings if we take charge instead of muddling through .
With careful fact - finding , the thoughtful sorting of real agendas and sound outside counsel , an ethical dilemma does n't have to disrupt your career or linger in your gut .
Oprah.com :
What to do when the roof falls in
That uh - oh feeling may sure feel like it is telling you to run or hide .
You can answer it back by rising to the occasion .
By Suzy Welch O , The Oprah Magazine © 2009
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
Marwa Sherbini is being hailed as the shahida , or martyr , of the Hijab
The body of a Muslim woman , killed in a German courtroom by a man convicted of insulting her religion , has been taken back to her native Egypt for burial .
Marwa Sherbini , 31 , was stabbed 18 times by Alex W , who is now under arrest in Dresden for suspected murder .
Husband Elwi
Okaz is also in a critical condition in hospital , after being injured as he tried to save his wife .
Ms Sherbini had sued her killer after he called her a " terrorist " because of her headscarf .
The case has attracted much attention in Egypt and the Muslim world .
German prosecutors have said the 28 - year - old attacker , identified only as Alex W , was driven by a deep hatred of foreigners and Muslims .
' Martyr '
Medics were unable to save Ms Sherbini who was three months pregnant with her second child .
Her three - year - old son was with the family in court when she was killed .
Alex W and Ms Sherbini and family were in court for his appeal against a fine of 750 euros ( $ 1,050 ) for insulting her in 2008 , apparently because she was wearing the Muslim headscarf or Hijab .
Newspapers in Egypt have expressed outrage at the case , asking how it was allowed to happen and dubbing Ms Sherbini " the martyr of the Hijab " .
Senior Egyptian officials and German diplomatic staff attended the funeral in Alexandria along with hundreds of mourners .
Media reports say Mr Okaz was injured both by the attacker and when a policeman opened fire in the courtroom .
A Visit to North Korea , Part 3
The Demilitarized Zone ( DMZ ) may seem like an odd name for one of the most militarized places on the face of the earth .
Just 30 miles north of Seoul , and 80 miles south of Pyongyang , it was the armistice line at the end of the Korean War : its winding contours stretching across the peninsula , 155 miles from east to west , mark the positions held by the opposing armies when that conflict ground to a halt in 1953 .
Officially the war never ended .
Both sides merely observe a long and occasionally precarious cease - fire .
Today the DMZ — which effectively serves as the highly fortified boundary between North and South Korea — is one of the last Cold War frontiers in existence , a place of watchtowers , land mines , and soldiers staring each other down across barbed wire fences .
And this morning our group was heading there — from the “ enemy side ” of the border .
I climbed aboard the bus at our hotel and headed towards the back , where our minders sat , handing them each a packet of cigarettes .
I do n’t smoke myself , and for all I know neither do they , but Marlboros are valuable currency in North Korea , just as they were when I visited the Soviet Union back in the 1980s .
Sitting next to our minders , and establishing a friendly rapport with them , made it easier to ask their permission to snap photos along our route .
And while being under their constant surveillance may sound intimidating , they actually turned out to be quite pleasant and friendly in return .
One of the minders for another group , of Europeans , got a big kick out of learning new American slang .
He jokingly warned his group that if they stepped out of line , he would “ open a can of whoop - ass on them . ”
When his group ran late and we accidently ate the lunch he had scheduled for them , I taught him the expression “ you snooze , you lose ” — quite handy for a tour guide .
He loved it .
I ’m sure none of these guys would have hesitated to lower the boom if we caused any trouble , but we knew the rules and were careful not to give offense .
Maybe there was a little bit of Stockholm Syndrome at work , but our interactions with our minders ended up being one of the highlights of our trip .
Our group had two minders , who I will call Mr. Nervous and Mr. Smooth .
I ’d like to introduce them , because I ’ll be referring to them — with appropriate discretion — in upcoming posts .
Both of them were young guys , in their late 20’s .
Mr. Nervous had decent English , but had difficulty following some of our conversations .
Because he was n’t always certain exactly what was being said , he tended to become anxious that maybe we might be up to no good .
He was kindly , though , and a little bashful , except when he got up in front of the bus and serenaded us with Korean folk songs like a star contestant on North Korean Idol .
Mr. Smooth , unlike his companion , did n’t sweat the small stuff .
His English was more fluent , which made it easier for him to relax and engage us in more meaningful conversation .
He was thoughtful and eager to know our impressions of his country .
He struck me as the kind of person who , if things were to ever change , would go very far .
Our route took us south along the “ Reunification Highway , ” giving us our first real glimpse of the countryside .
People often ask me whether we ever saw evidence of starvation in North Korea .
I tell them no , but then the main , high - profile corridors we travelled outside of Pyongyang were the last place you ’d expect to see such a thing , if it did exist .
But even from the highway , it was clear that life in the DPRK was hard .
It was harvest time , but tractors were exceptionally rare , and even beasts of burden — scraggly ponies and bony oxen — were few and far between .
Most people toiled in the fields by hand , and carried immense bundles of sticks or wheat on their backs , piled three or four times their own height .
Even when they set these burdens aside , they ambled along permanently bent over by the weight .
I had never seen farm work quite so grueling , even in the poorest parts of rural China .
The “ highway ” soon narrowed to a single well - paved lane in either direction .
We saw no other vehicles , except for a convoy of three or four buses that passed us midway , going in the opposite direction .
They carried South Koreans who had crossed the DMZ first thing that morning , presumably heading for family reunions or reunification - themed tours in Pyongyang .
I had visited the DMZ once , several years before , from the South Korean side .
Apparently there had been official negotiations taking place , which prevented us for seeing the Joint Security Area ( JSA ) at Panmunjom .
Instead , we were taken to a mountain - top observation post where we could look across the valley into North Korea through coin-operated telescopes .
Even at such a distance , the tension was palpable .
About a mile away , you could see a huge flagpole , over 500 feet tall , flying a massive North Korean flag .
At the far side of the valley , white box apartment buildings marked the city of Kaesong , with a tiny but clearly visible statue of Kim Il - Sung standing atop an outlying hill .
It felt completely inaccessible , like looking at the moon .
Next they took us to one of four tunnels the North Koreans had secretly dug under the DMZ .
There may be others , yet undiscovered .
This one was found in 1978 on a tip from a North Korean defector , and is wide enough for one whole division to pass through it per hour , in the event of an invasion .
Climbing down its slope through solid rock , for over 350 meters at an angle of over 10 % , holding onto a rope , made it feel strangely like a ride at Disney World .
Then you reach the bottom to find the first of three giant steel and concrete plugs marking the border .
Standing deep underground , realizing you are a few feet away from North Korea and wondering what there might be on the other side of those plugs , is enough to raise the hair on the back of your head .
This time , arriving from the north , we would n’t be climbing down any tunnels , but we would get to visit the JSA at Panmunjom and see the actual border up close .
When we finally arrived at the entrance to the DMZ , the bus stopped and let us out in a small parking lot in front of a massive concrete gate .
Tall , olive - clad soldiers stood guard with automatic rifles , while others stood around smoking .
We entered a building with a large map and relief table , and an officer briefed us ( in Korean ) on the layout of the DMZ .
Outside the briefing hall there was a souvenir stand selling bottles of amber - colored wine with large cobras floating coiled up inside .
One by one , the empty buses pulled through the concrete gate .
Then we were directed to line up , platoon - style again , and walk silently in single file through the gate to re-board the buses .
On the other side , we found them lined up along a narrow sunken road , with stone walls on either side topped with huge concrete blocks .
These blocks were rigged with cables to fall and block the path entirely in the event of an attack .
The DMZ is a surprisingly peaceful place , at least as you drive through it .
In the years since the war , the absence of human habitation has turned some stretches into something of a wildlife preserve .
Nearby towered the immense flagpole with the North Korean flag , which I had viewed through the telescopes from the other side .
Farther away , just peeking over the trees , we could see a similar flagpole with a South Korean flag atop it .
I felt like an astronaut on the moon gazing back at the earth .
Our first visit , to the compound of buildings where the armistice had been signed in 1953 , was historically interesting but uneventful .
We were all eagerly anticipating our first real glimpse of Panmunjom , and the border itself .
Someone had remarked , earlier that day , that the then U.S. envoy to North Korea , Christopher Hill , was supposed to be entering the country that day to attend negotiations in Pyongyang .
We did n’t give it much thought until we arrived at Panmunjom and marched up to the large reception building on the North Korean side of the JSA compound .
As we approached the main entrance , a small group of Westerners in business suits emerged and begin climbing into awaiting vans .
It was Christopher Hill and his entourage !
If he saw us at all , he probably assumed we were Russians or something .
We were just 20 feet away or so , and we wanted to shout out “ Hey , we ’re Americans ! ”
But the North Korean side of the DMZ is n’t a smart place to suddenly shout anything , much less that particular piece of information .
So we watched quietly and excitedly as he was driven away .
We tried to explain to our minders exactly who that was , but they were non-plussed .
But for us , it was precisely what we had come to see : history in the making .
From the viewing platform atop the reception hall , we could get a sense of the overall layout of the JSA .
Directly opposite was a futuristic - looking building , the South Korean counterpart to the one we were now standing atop .
Between them lay a series of long corrugated metal huts , parallel to each other and painted bright blue .
These were the rooms where U.S. , South Korean , and North Korean army officers met regularly to discuss practical issues related to maintaining the ceasefire .
If one side or the other has a problem or demand , they make an announcement over a loudspeaker and the teams meet together in the blue huts .
In the gap between each hut , a thin concrete line , about a foot across , marks the final boundary separating each side ’s territory .
Back outside the reception building , we were lined up once more and marched down to the blue huts .
There was no tension , just a mood of quiet intensity .
Everyone knew that Panmunjom had seen vicious outbreaks of violence over the years , sudden gunshots or mass brawls involving axes and bayonets , but most days it was quiet , like this .
The North Korean guards watched us nervously , intently .
From this side , at least , the South Korean MPs actually looked much more intimidating in their shiny bullet - shaped helmets and what - we - have - here - is - a - failure - to - communicate sunglasses .
Across from us , lined up at the base of the South Korean reception building , was a Western tour group —
Americans probably — who no doubt were wondering who we might be .
We entered one of the blue huts and took seats around the tables inside .
Those of us on the far side of the room were informed , by a North Korean officer , that we were now standing on South Korean territory .
Any relief we might have felt , or any thoughts of making a quick bolt for friendly lines , was negated by the presence of a North Korean sentry standing firmly astride the far doorway .
After we filed back out to the North Korean side , we began taking pictures of each other standing in front of the dividing line .
In the urge to take a memorable photo , our gaggle of visitors began pushing ever closer to the sensitive gap between the blue huts .
Suddenly a North Korean guard clapped his hands and the relatively calm mood changed completely .
We had pushed the limit , the guards had become agitated , and it was time to leave .
We hurried away before trouble could brew .
We boarded our buses and returned along the same road to exit the DMZ .
Our next stop was an old Confucian temple on the outskirts of Kaesong , which served as a small museum devoted to ancient Korean culture .
It was beautifully restored , and at one point I hung back from the group a bit to take a photo without so many people in it .
The compound was completely enclosed , and I could n’t have been more than 20 yards away , in clear view , but Mr. Nervous had seen enough excitement for one day and quickly shooed me along .
“ Stay with the group ! ” he half ordered , half beseeched .
When I caught up to the group , inside one of the side courtyard buildings , everyone was gathered around a display of ancient artifacts .
The guide was pointing out a comb , a needle , and finally a spoon .
“ Koreans invented the spoon , ” she murmured proudly .
What ?
We did n’t quite catch that .
You said Koreans invented the spoon ?
“ Yes , ” she said , “ Koreans invented the spoon . ”
The group was a little dumbfounded , but wanted to be polite .
So , ahh , when was that ?
Slight hesitation before she responded : “ Two thousand years ago . ” Okay . . .
Now I happen to know that the ancient Egyptians had spoons , and plenty of them , 5,000 years ago .
In fact , spoons probably date from a lot earlier than that , most likely the Stone Age when some clever fellow cut a gourd in half to form a ladle .
But before we left Beijing , one of our Western tour coordinators gave us a piece of advice .
“ These people do n’t have a lot , ” he explained .
“ You have plenty .
Sometimes people are going to say things that may seem silly to you , but just remember that while you get to go home , this is all they have .
Let them have it .
What does it cost you ?
Just let them have something . ”
All of us stood around for a moment gawking at each other , recalling the same words of advice .
And then we smiled , and gave in .
“ Wow .
Koreans invented the spoon .
How about that ?
Good for you guys . ”
We broke for lunch in Kaesong , eager to try out our new knowledge of spoons .
The city , barely a few miles from the DMZ , is home to a big industrial park where South Korean companies have been allowed to set up cross - border factories .
The wages of the North Korean workers are paid to the DPRK government , which keeps most of it and passes along a tiny fraction to the employee .
We were n’t allowed to visit any factories , but we did stop for lunch just below the statue of Kim Il - Sung atop the hill , the same one I had seen through the telescope several years before .
So near and yet so far .
Like walking on the moon .
Next installment : Attending the Mass Games , and North Korea ’s School of Rock
All photos were taken by the author .
Please ask permission before copying .
This PBworks workspace is not available .
This workspace — all pages , files , comments etc — has been deleted .
Please update your links and bookmarks .
If you want another free public or private workspace , just click here to make your own !
Part 1 : Undermining Black employment
By Frosty Wooldridge
Each week , Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid , majority leaders of the U.S. House and Senate of the United States — shout grandiose proclamations about their efforts to make work , housing and education better for all Americans .
Unfortunately , for the past 20 years , both individuals failed Black America .
Reid and Pelosi encouraged , without batting an eye , the slave labor invasion from Mexico .
Both voted for insourcing , outsourcing and offshoring of jobs that displaced and undermined millions of Black Americans .
Both watched Chinese manufacturing usurp American jobs in steel , auto and , welding and ancillary jobs attached to Detroit , former “ Automobile Capitol of the World . ”
Yes , Reid gave us Wal - Mart with 90 percent Chinese products that put the Chinese to work , but cut the throats of American workers .
Every time you save money at Wal - Mart , you put thousands of U.S. workers in unemployment lines — that includes millions of Blacks .
As a college student in Michigan , I witnessed the Detroit riots in 1967 that burned much of the Black inner-city into cinders .
The riots in Watts illustrated seething anger among Blacks .
The U.S. Army drafted millions of poor blacks to fight in Lyndon Baines Johnson ’s Vietnam War .
Tens of thousands died without a clue as to why they departed this life so early .
Dr. Martin Luther King tried to bring equality for people of color and stop ‘ separate but equal ’ drinking fountains and restaurants .
Johnson engineered the “ Great Society ” in order to give Blacks a chance at the American Dream .
Schools upgraded , scholarships flourished , and even Louis Armstrong and Nat King Cole could eat and stay in the same hotel as whites .
Top Black athletes commanded millions of dollars in sports and Black entertainers became millionaires like the Supremes , Richard Pryor and Sammy Davis , Jr .
With the power of the auto industry and manufacturing , Blacks entered — in greater numbers — the middle class of America through the 70s and 80s .
But in the 90s , something happened .
Tyson Foods , Hormel , McDonald ’s , Swift , Amour and dozens of companies found they could undermine and undercut wages of America ’s working poor by adding unlawful immigrant workers .
At first , a trickle , but soon , a deluge !
Bush I winked .
Clinton nodded .
Bush II declared , “ But they do the jobs that Americans wo n’t do ! ”
Today , Detroit suffers 76 percent dropout / flunkout rate from high schools according to NBC ’s Brian Williams .
Similar rates apply all over America .
Jobs for Blacks dwindle as America ’s manufacturing base , supported by Pelosi and Reid , offshores to other countries .
Black teens cannot find a ‘ fast food ’ job to save their lives .
But unlawful Mexican workers can !
Drugs and pregnant teen mothers explode .
The Black prison population in America stands as a national disgrace .
While we blow up Iraq and Afghanistan , every day for the past eight years , at a current expenditure of $ 667 billion , our own citizens languish in hopelessness .
A phenomenal 32.2 million Americans subsist on food stamps .
Can anyone imagine what that kind of money would do for job training ?
All the while , Reid and Pelosi support 20 million unlawful immigrants and unlawful workers in this country — at the expense of America ’s Black citizens .
Neither of those two ranking politicians represents the rule of law , but in fact , both continue to undermine Black America .
In a recent article , Roy Beck , “ Moon Landing , Milton Berle , Soup Kitchens and Lost Dreams ” 7/20/09 , said , “ Forty years ago this morning , I was visiting with Milton Berle in his hotel room near Grand Rapids , Michigan , sharing our reactions to watching the moon landing in the middle of the night .
That evening , we met again over a giant bowl of potato salad at a backyard picnic as Congressman Gerald Ford dipped along with us and excitedly recounted his phone call from Nixon minutes after the moon walk .
“ This is why kids aspire to be news reporters .
You never know what you might be doing when something big happens .
The moon landing inspired big dreams in lots of people .
The year 1969 for my emerging generation was a time of big dreams about a world at peace , the end to racial conflict and disparities in America , and the beginning of a sustainable lifestyle .
If we could put a man on the moon after only a decade of work , why could n't we achieve these other goals ?
“ That was a summer when I donned riot gear to accompany police during a few nights of race riots .
The northern ghettos of the Black underclass no longer were content with promises ; they wanted full access to the middle - class economy . ”
TODAY'S ABANDONED BLACK UNDERCLASS
“ Waking up to NPR 's report on the 40th anniversary this morning , I instantly felt myself back in that time , and thinking about what I thought the United States would be like by now , ” Beck said .
“ It was n't the U.S. that I know today .
Once again this weekend , Shirley and I spent several hours at a soup kitchen , assisting 250 people in our community for whom the dreams of 1969 have not happened .
As usual , most of the recipients of a meal , groceries and bus passes were Black Americans both recently and chronically out of the labor force .
Nobody has been more devastated by federal policies of flooding the labor market with foreign workers than Black Americans .
Their unemployment rates are through the roof .
“ Visiting with them for hours Saturday , we could n't conjure much hope at all that their lives had a chance of being transformed by a job .
As I have said repeatedly for 20 years , there are many key ingredients to why the Black underclass has remained so large , but one of the most important has been congressional insistence at blocking their participation in the labor force by substituting foreign workers . ”
IMMIGRATION GROWTH DEVOURING MILLIONS OF ACRES
“ There are many reasons for this continuing rape of our nation 's natural heritage , but the most important one is that federal immigration policies have mandated massive , unrelenting growth , ” Beck said .
“ About 40 years ago , Nixon suggested at the time the country 's population reached 200 million that we might do well not to add more . ”
Beck added , “ Anniversaries can be sad reminders of how badly we 've screwed up .
The Baby Boom generation with all of our high ideals has let environmental sustainability and racial egalitarianism slip from our grasp because as a whole we have never confronted the insistence of Big Business and Big Government for unrelenting immigration . ”
Today , our Black President Obama , Pelosi and Reid propose , not only to grant amnesty to 20 million unlawful immigrants that will further decay Black American jobs , but the all voted to double legal immigration from 1.2 million to 2.4 million annually ( June vote S. 1639 , 2007 ) .
Thus , Black America faces an uncertain future .
Part II : Social , housing , medical implications for Blacks .
##
To take action : First and foremost , join www.numbersusa.com and become one of nearly a million Americans making impact with pre-written faxes and phone calls to change immigration policies toward a stable future .
Bi-partisan and highly effective !
Second , join www.thesocialcontract.com for up to date information via the Social Contract Quarterly .
Exceptional publication to keep you informed .
www.fairus.org ; www.vdare.com ; www.alipac.us ; www.firecoalition.com ; www.cairco.org ; www.limitstogrowth.com ; www.capsweb.org ; www.populationmedia.org ; www.worldpopulationbalance.org ; LimitsToGrowth.org
America on the Brink : The Next Added 100 Million Americans by Frosty Wooldridge .
Describes the ramifications of sheer overpopulation loading of the USA within 30 years .
For a copy : 1 888 280 7715 .
Visit this site for a rendition of Colorado Governor Lamm ’s speech : “ How to Destroy America ”
http://usawakeup.org/HowToDestroyAmerica.htm
Must see DVD : “ Blind Spot ”
This movie illustrates America ’s future without oil , water and other resources to keep this civilization functioning .
It ’s a brilliant educational movie !
In Canada : Tim Murray ,
Director Immigration Watch Canada www.immigrationwatch.org
Vice President Biodiversity First http://biodiversityfirst.googlepages.com/index.htm
Blog http://sinkinglifeboat.blogspot.com
Watch the DVD movie : “ Blind Spot ” — Exceptional movie with top scientists candidly discussion what we face as a civilization if we continue on our hyper - population growth path .
www.blindspotdoc.com
Please visit Annie Leonard at www.storyofstuff.com for a compelling and highly interesting 20 minute video concerning our high consumption , highly wasteful and unsustainable society .
She educates and provides avenues for you to make a difference .
Visit this web site by Chris Martenson : http://www.chrismartenson.com/environmental_data
In Colorado : visit www.soprisfoundation.org for information how you can network with like - minded folks to create a more sustainable future for Colorado and other states .
View CNN ’s “ Planet in Peril ” with Anderson Cooper and Lisa Ling :
http://www.cnn.com/SPECIALS/2008/planet.in.peril/
Ghost of Thomas Paine — compelling video of common sense
http://www.lawatchdog.com/index.html#anchor_2296
BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA : D.C. : ( 202)224-2854 president@whitehouse.gov
Books to read : “ The Long Emergency ” by James Howard Kunstler
“ Peak Everything ” by Richard Heinberg
“ Too Many People ” by Lindsey Grant
Become a member of “ Frosty ’s Press Agent Corps ” whereby you volunteer a few hours to send out emails to top TV and radio hosts to offer top speakers on America ’s overpopulation crisis driven by unending immigration .
Email frostyw@juno.com and receive two informational letters showing you exactly what to do .
Roy Beck 's " IMMIGRATION BY THE NUMBERS " is the single best educational appreciation of America 's future if we allow ourselves to add another 100 million people .
Just click on this site for the most sobering experience of your children 's future .
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=4094926727128068265&q=roy+beck&hl=en
Roy Beck gives a graphic presentation of our fate if we continue to allow legal and illegal immigration to swamp this country .
If you have children , you will be particular unnerved at their fate .
I know Roy Beck personally and his integrity and knowledge stand at the top .
Pass this web site 14 minute video far and wide across America to educate everyone you know .
We either stop this human tsunami or the future of this country will be much like Rome's .
We must , as a nation and a civilization , move to secure our country from this massive , unrelenting population overload from a line that never ends .
This will be the most compelling 14 minute video of your life .
Once you see it , go to my web site for action items www.frostywooldridge.com and join www.numbersusa.com to become a weekly faxer of pre written letters and join the phone calling teams .
Bob Woodruff of ABC asked input from all citizens concerning the future of our planet .
Go to www.earth2100.tv for a sobering reality check as to what we face and to what I have been writing about for the past 20 years .
Our ‘ window ’ to change to a balanced population and non-polluting energy diminishes every day we listen to irresponsible media and thus ignore the blatant symptoms manifesting all over America and the planet .
From : Frosty Wooldridge
This three minute interview with Adam Schrager on “ Your Show ” May 4 , 2008 , NBC Channel 9 News , addresses the ramifications of adding 120 million people to USA in 35 years and six million people to Colorado as to water shortages , air pollution , loss of farmland , energy costs and degradation of quality of life .
In the interview , Frosty Wooldridge explains the ramifications of adding 120 million people to the USA in 35 years .
He advances new concepts such as a “ Colorado Carrying Capacity Policy ” ; “ Colorado Environmental Impact Policy ” ; “ Colorado Water Usage Policy ” ; “ Colorado Sustainable Population Policy ” .
Nationally , the USA needs a " National Sustainable Population Policy " to determine the carrying capacity of this nation for the short and long term .
Wooldridge is available for interviews on radio and TV having interviewed on ABC , CBS , NBC , CNN and FOX .
Go to : www.frostywooldridge.com and click on “ Audio / Video ” tab
Frosty Wooldridge , math / science teacher , has bicycled across six continents – from the Arctic to the South Pole – as well as six times across the USA , coast to coast and border to border .
In 2005 , he bicycled from the Arctic Circle , Norway to Athens , Greece .
He presents “ The Coming Population Crisis in America : and what you can do about it ” to civic clubs , church groups , high schools and colleges .
He works to bring about sensible world population balance at www.frostywooldridge.com
Since the 1949 occupation of Tibet up to 50 % of its forests have been needlessly destroyed which has led to the desert area of Tibet expanding to 500,000 km sq in the past 35 years .
1,000,000 people are dependent on these grasslands for survival as well as numerous species of wildlife and their habitats .
This deforestation has led to increased sediment in the rivers and as 10 of Asias major rivers are sourced in Tibet eg Yangtze , Brahmaputra , this causes major environmental problems .
Major flooding in the Bay of Bengal has been attributed to deforestation in Tibet .
Trees for Tibet project was set up to raise money to help the people of Lowah village in Amdo province , East Tibet .
They live in an area called Mangra and 1000's of peoples livelihoods are effected by the increasing problem of desertification .
Amdo is also an area which has maintained a very strong nomadic culture .
This Tibetan way of life is already under threat by new Chinese law restricting freedom of farming and the housing of nomads in towns and cities .
If the nomads grasslands are also destroyed by desertification they will be further forced from their land in to Chinese cities .
This results in unemployment , drug and alcohol abuse and the death of a proud and unique way of life already struggling to survive .
Since 2002
Pujah and the villagers have taken it upon themselves to save the grasslands by buying and planting Aspen trees each year , approximately 1,000,000 in total .
This was aided by free seeds and saplings from the Chinese government at the beginning , as well as some financial support from Germany .
But this support has stopped !
At the beginning of this project the survival rate of the trees was 70 % now it is 95 % due to greater knowledge and experience .
Financially this is a huge struggle and Pujah is forced to take out bank loans which are a tremendous burden to pay .
Sadly the family are often forced to sell their livestock to do so .
£ 1 will pay for 8 trees , including transport , labour and fencing costs .
The local government has given the family permission to plant 26,000 mu( 17 k m2 of land ) .
They need to plant approximately 15,200 mu( 11 k m2 ) more !
There is still much work to be done .
The Tibetan people need to be listened to and given power to protect their grasslands , environment and culture .
The Chinese Governments plans to resettle chinese people in Tibetan areas has led to over farming and increased desertification as they have no knowledge of the grasslands .
This is why Pujah and his fellow villagers need to be supported and given the power to decide their own fate as Tibetan people .
Please help us to continue raising money to help these villagers fight to protect their environment and culture .
Water – as environmentalists are often reminding us – is fast becoming a precious commodity .
Now a campaign from a Brazilian group is asking the public to take a very specific step to stop wastage .
The message is simple – urinating in the shower saves water .
According to SOS Mata Atlantica , this simple measure could save over 4,000 litres of water annually per household .
It ’s backed up with a cute ad campaign .
What do you think of the idea ?
Sensible way of saving water which would otherwise be lost from flushing the loo ?
Or are you uncomfortable with the idea of peeing in the shower ?
What unusual things do you do to help the environment ?
Background :
This page contains translations and illustrations from an elementary school reading textbook from Bremen .
I am including only the illustrations and texts that have a strong propaganda aspect .
Parts of a similar reader are also available .
The source : Meine Fibel — Ein Geschichtenbuch für die kleinen Bremer ( Bremen : Fritz Gansberg , 1940 ) .
My Reader The Hitler Youth marches .
Otto is with them .
He has his new boots on .
They are the best of all .
Otto , why are you limping ?
Are you worn out ?
Oh dear , his feet hurt !
But he grits his teeth .
Two good comrades
help him along
with some white ointment .
Soon his feet will be healthy again .
It rains for the entire night ,
but the boys do not know it .
They are in a warm tent ,
and sleep on soft straw .
There is a lot of fun in camp .
Look at the sack race !
They hop like frogs .
Otto is the best at it .
He wins a chocolate lady bug .
They also play tug - of - war .
Pull , pull , they cry .
One has fallen on his face
and the others have won .
That ’s what the Hitler Youth say
when they are back home .
I want to be one of them , too
When I am bigger .
And the girls in the BDM
also take wonderful trips ,
and there is always a lot of fun
in their hostels .
17 . The S.A. Marches Tromp , tromp , tromp !
Tromp , tromp , tromp !
Boom , boom , boom !
The men in brown uniforms are marching , with their flag flying .
Hansi cannot see anything , since so many people are standing along the street .
What can he do ?
“ Hansi , Hansi , come here ! ” other children call .
They are standing on a big box where the street cleaners keep clean sand .
Frieda helps Hansi up .
Now he can see well !
But the box has an uneven surface .
The children cannot stay on top .
They all fall off .
But they can hear the wonderful music for a long time .
Tromp , tromp , tromp !
Boom , boom , boom !
35 . Old Newspapers “ Mommy , the Hitler Youth is collecting old materials ! ” Hansi shouts as he runs into the house . —
“ Well , OK , boy , you know where the old newspapers are .
Bring two armloads down .
I ca n’t help at the moment ” I have to finish father ’s shirt . ”
Then mother hears a crash on the steps .
Oh dear , the steps are covered with old newspapers from top to bottom .
They fell out of the boy ’s arms .
They gather them up quickly , and mother ties them together with twine .
But as Hansi gets to the street , the HJ is already gone .
And did mother leave the iron plugged in ?
Is father ’s shirt singed ?
Oh , it ’s OK , she unplugged it .
36 . The Little Soldier
The soldiers came back from their field exercise , and the boys came to meet them .
Hansi was there , too .
But his short legs were not able to keep up .
He could no longer hear the music , and the foot soldiers were past , too .
Now the last truck came along .
Two soldiers sat in back .
They looked at the little boy and laughed .
And what do you think happened ?
One jumped down and lifted Hansi up .
Now he sat between them .
All the people along the street were surprised .
“ That is certainly the littlest solder in the entire Wehrmacht ! ” they said .
And the big boys said : “ If only we could sit there ! ” Hansi rode along to the base .
It was the best day of his life .
41 . To Nuremberg
Otto woke up in the middle of the night .
His father bent down and stroked him saying : “ Be a good boy , Otto !
I ’ll be back soon !
You can stay in bed ! ”
The father has one strap of his pack over his shoulder , and his coat under an arm .
He goes downstairs .
Otto can not stay in bed any longer .
He gets up and dresses quickly .
“ Hey boy , are you coming along ? ” father asks . —
“ Yes , father , I ’m going along to the station ! ” — “ Otto , you know better than that .
In the middle of the night ? ” mother shouts .
Father gives him a piece of chocolate .
“ Stay here , boy ! ” — “ Else can have it !
I want to come along ! ”
Father is pleased .
And Otto was happy to see the many happy S.A. men in the long train .
“ Father , We ’ll all come to get you ! ” he cries .
“ Oh , I can hardly wait ! ” 42 .
The Enemy
They all sat in the castle , behind high walls of sand .
Two cannons faced outward , and the flag fluttered in the wind .
But no enemy came , which meant that there was no fun !
Then Otto shouted : “ The enemy is already here ! do n’t you see him ? ”
Right , the enemy had softly crept right up to the wall of sand !
It was rising against it !
It was water , that was the enemy !
The castle was in the middle of the water , and the water kept climbing !
The boys quickly grabbed the cannons and the flag , and waded through the water to land .
Soon the waves destroyed the fine castle .
The water had been victorious , the big ocean , the North Sea. 43 .
The Departure
The time came for mother to leave for the beautiful vacation resort , where the birds sing and the flowers bloom .
The car was at the door , and father took the suitcases down .
But mother did not come .
She sat by the children ’s bed and cried .
“ I ca n’t leave them alone !
Who were take care of them when father goes to work ?
I will stay home ! ”
That ’s what she said .
The front door opened .
Who was it ?
A friendly nurse in brown came in and said : “ These are the two children ?
I will take them to the NSV [ the Nazi social welfare organization ] kindergarten each day , where they will have a good time . ” —
Mother dried her tears , and as father said “ The train wo n’t wait , ” she kissed her dear children .
She shook hands with the nurse , and happily went to the station with father .
[ Page copyright © 2009 by Randall Bytwerk .
No unauthorized reproduction .
My e-mail address is available on the FAQ page . ]
Go to the 1933 - 1945 Page .
Go to the German Propaganda Archive Home Page .
How much darker can Dollhouse get , now that we 've glimpsed the end of everything ?
Just how far will Joss Whedon go to explore the themes of searching for identity against impossible odds ?
We asked Whedon .
His answers may shock you .
I 'm not going to transcribe the entire interview , but I 'll summarize it in case the video is hard to listen to .
( We were at the crowded SyFy / Entertainment Weekly party , and Tyrese Gibson and other celebs were running around . )
Oh , and there are spoilers for the first season of Dollhouse , including the unaired episode " Epitaph One , " which is on the DVD box set .
Advertisement
So Lost waited four years to start giving us " flash forwards , " and even then , they were just jumping a bit ahead , to where some of the castaways got off the island .
Dollhouse , meanwhile , gave us an unaired season finale in its very first year , where we jump forward to the bleak , desolate year 2019 and learn what happens to all of our main cast members in the future .
And Whedon and friends said on the Dollhouse panel that those post - apocalyptic " flash forwards " will crop up in the new season as well , and that dark future will shape the course of the show this season .
Advertisement
What was Joss thinking , giving us so much , so soon ?
Whedon says he was thinking the show was about to be canceled , so why not ?
Also , the network really wanted one more episode ( until they did n't ) , and Whedon could n't show the unaired pilot because it had been superseded by events :
It literally came from the studio's need to show another episode ...
We did n't have the money to shoot another one .
I wo n't do a clip show .
We can't show the original pilot because it just does n't make sense now .
So I said , " Look , what I can do for you is I can probably shoot a horror movie in the Dollhouse with a completely different cast , on video instead of film , in six days , put some flashbacks with our regular cast .
The whole thing was basically out of necessity .
We had to do it fast and cheap .
And the best things I do usually come out of that .
But it 's not as if the post - apocalyptic episode was something Whedon and company pulled out of thin air .
Whedon says the logic behind the episode 's bleak storyline was to " see this to its logical conclusion . "
One thing I learned — I learned this on Firefly , too : Do n't save anything for the way back .
You just throw everything out there , because you might not be coming back .
Now we are , but it 's really helped inform where we 're going this season .
Without turning it too dark or anything , it 's really had a lot to do with what we 're doing .
Advertisement
So a lot of people seemed to have a hard time rooting for the Dollhouse , and its amoral entrepreneurs like Adelle DeWitt and computer whiz Topher Brink .
And now we know that Adelle and Topher will be responsible for destroying the entire human race , through their experiments into erasing people 's personalities .
How do we possibly sympathize with them , or even stand to look at such monsters ?
Joss says it 's not quite as simple as it appears .
All of them are a lot more textured , and the problem may be a lot bigger than this one place .
There 's a storm coming , and the question is where are they going to be , how are they going to react to that , and what are they going to do when that comes ?
And so I think you 're going to see a lot of virtue in people you did n't expect it from , and a lot of terrible stuff from the people we love .
And that 's why I make TV .
Advertisement
And in the unaired episode " Epitaph One , " we get to see a few moments of people making defining choices — including Adelle DeWitt , being confronted with a suit from the Rossum Corp. , telling her the Dollhouse has a new business model .
Whedon says it 's pretty clear from the context that DeWitt is n't on board with Rossum 's radical extension of the Dollhouse 's concept .
But that 's just one of the decisions she 'll face .
She 's going to have a lot of quandaries , a lot of moral gray area to wade through .
In a way , I think she has it harder than anybody , because she really is on the edge between the truly villainous and our heroes , and she 's sympathetic , she 's a human , but she 's the one responsible for most of the terrible decisions .
So what happens this year with her is going to be really fun .
Advertisement
( And by " fun , " I suspect Whedon means " gut- wrenching , hilarious , tragic and capable of converting a whole new legion of Olivia Williams fans . " )
Advertisement
But just because we now have a new sense of the future the Dollhouse is moving towards , and the epic arc of history that these characters are taking part in , does n't mean we 'll be done with the " assignment of the week " episodes .
The Dollhouse still needs clients , and the viewers still need to see something resolved every week , says Whedon .
And you can use the " A " stories , about this week 's client or this week 's job , to comment on the characters and contrast them with the long - running " B " stories .
Dollhouse will never be totally serialized and feature a new " cool plot twist " every week , with no actual resolution .
So in a sense , every show Joss Whedon has done has been about people searching ( or fighting ) for an identity in the face of forces that want to take that away .
( Like , say , Buffy Summers trying to define herself as an individual instead of what Giles , or the Watchers Council , or the Master 's prophecies , etc. , want her to be .
Or both River Tam searching for her lost identity , or Mal Reynolds trying to hold onto who he is in the wake of the battle of Serenity . )
And now Dollhouse is the darkest , clearest expression of this theme .
We sprung this theory on Whedon , and luckily he did n't laugh at us or fling a drink at us .
Advertisement
But is Dollhouse is the culminating statement of that theme ?
Or is there another darker , even more shattering story about someone whose identity has been taken away , that Whedon has yet to tell ?
He says :
I do n't think I have ever done a show that was so directly about the search for the self as this one , which is about somebody searching for herself entirely literally .
And you know , you 'd think eventually I 'd find myself and get over it — write about something else — but it fascinates me to no end , and building these characters up , breaking them down ...
All of the writers , we just spend all our time talking about what this means to us [ and ] what it means to be a human , and it 's something that I love deconstructing .
Since I do n't have robots , this is the next best thing .
Advertisement
All of which made us wish Joss Whedon would get some robots .
But maybe that 's his next show ?
And finally , we had to ask Whedon about Cabin In The Woods , the movie he 's done with Cloverfield 's Drew Goddard .
Is it science fictional , or fantastic in some way ?
So far , all the descriptions we 've come across have made it sound like a deconstruction of slasher movies .
But Whedon confirms there 's something fantastical in the film — he just wo n't say what , yet .
Advertisement
As you might have guessed from the posters that came out the other day , Cabin In The Woods is a horror movie commenting on horror movies .
And Whedon says Cabin is " very meta .
It 's meta- tastic . "
And while it 's very different from Scream , it has a similar agenda in the sense that " I love horror movies , and I want to talk about them .
Kevin Williamson did that brilliantly .
We have a very , very different story to tell .
But we are as fascinated by the teenagers who make bad decisions as he is . "
As the owner of a Nintendo Wii , I have been treated to both the pluses and minuses of this innovative game system .
On the plus side , there ’s the wireless motion control , which adds a lot to games that would require the player to actually perform a motion were the game real ( e.g. , driving games , sports games , shooters , Domino99 , and the like ) , as well as games that focus more on creating a fun experience as opposed to simply looking dazzling .
On the minus side , I do admit to having a bad case of graphics envy for the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 .
The graphics on those systems make the Wii look more than simply “ last - gen ” ; they make it look almost dinosauresque .
It is frustrating as a Wii owner to run across promos and advertisements for cutting edge games only to find that they are not coming out on Nintendo ’s console .
But rumor mills suggest that change is coming in the form an updated Wii , sometimes referred to in the media as the “ Wii 2.0 ” .
While I ’m not expecting anything groundbreaking from this improved system , here are five things I ’d like to see that would ease the pain for Wii owners who suffer relentless ridicule from their Playstation3 and Xbox 360 - owning friends :
5 ) The ability to rent games on the Virtual Console or WiiWare service .
Renting games is not a new idea .
Gamefly has made an entire business out of it .
And let ’s face it , many of the games on the Virtual Console or Wiiware are not games with tremendous replay value .
Yet once you spend your Wii points , the game is yours forever until you run out of storage space and want to download a different game .
When that happens you either have to save it to a memory card ( and very possibly forget about it ) or simply delete it .
If Nintendo had a graded system that allowed you to pay a certain number of Wii points per day / week , more consumers would give these “ one and done ” type games a shot .
For example , if there is an N64 game that costs 1,000 Wii points , Nintendo could offer it for rental for 100 points per day .
There are many games on the Virtual Console and WiiWare that can be completed in only a matter of days .
If the consumer finishes the game and decides that he would like to permanently own it , he could pay however many remaining Wii Points are required to reach the 1,000 point purchase price .
4 ) Shovelware protection .
As the Wii is directed heavily at casual gamers , game makers realize that the people purchasing games for the system are not necessarily very software - savvy .
They tend to choose games based on the artwork on the box , the movie or TV character that the game is tied in with , or some other non -game - related criteria .
This has led to the spawn of “ shovelware ” , or inferior games that are being sold by the truckful to unsuspecting consumers who are not sure how to tell good games from bad ones .
I am in favor of every game being sold for the Wii 2.0 carrying a labeling system that gives these uneducated consumers a fighting chance at finding a decent game .
Perhaps requiring a rating sticker from a site like metacritic.com on every Wii 2.0 title sold ?
This is a very tricky issue , as it is going to be difficult for Nintendo to essentially tell companies that make games for the Wii that their games suck ( of which the offending companies are well aware ) and that they are going to let potential consumers know it .
Something has to be done , however , as many casual gamers are severely disappointed in the crap that passes for games on the Wii .
3 ) A better internet channel .
The current Wii can surf the internet , but it ’s slow , tedious , and does not allow you to view all types of web pages or files .
I own a wireless keyboard for the Wii which speeds things up drastically from the virtual keyboard that requires you to use your Wiimote to click on each separate onscreen letter to “ type ” .
Even with a keyboard , surfing the internet using the Wii is something I only do when another family member is using the PC .
A better internet channel would allow at least minimal web programs , such as java or shockwave , to run and would also be able to handle video files without continuously pausing to buffer .
Also , the user needs to be able to surf using a keyboard device alone .
The current internet channel requires constant switching back and forth between keyboard ( provided you have one ) and the Wiimote .
2 ) More memory .
The current Wii holds 512 MB of flash memory .
Yes , you heard me right , only 512 MB .
If you ’ve tried downloading several Virtual Console or WiiWare titles and have been informed there is not enough space , you already know why this is a problem .
The Wii is simply not built to hold much internally .
Sure , you can buy an SD card for the Wii , but it would be much , much easier if Nintendo simply upped the amount of memory the Wii had to begin with .
There would be no need to swap cards in and out to load specific Virtual Console or WiiWare games .
It ’s not as though most WiiWare or Virtual Console games consume a lot of memory , it ’s just that there ’s so little on the Wii , to begin with .
Adding even 20 GB of internal memory would be a huge plus .
1 ) A graphics update .
You knew this would be in here , right ?
The current Wii has graphics that are only a shade better than Nintendo ’s previous console , the Gamecube .
I ’m not asking for something in the league of a Playstation 3 or Xbox 360 .
I am aware that part of the idea behind the Wii was a focus on gameplay , not graphics .
That being said , improved graphics can actually improve gameplay .
For many of the games that Nintendo has brought to the Wii , the graphics were intentionally soft and less - than - realistically styled ( think Wii Sports , Wii Music , Wario Land Shake It ! , etc. ) .
However , there are a couple of Nintendo ’s own franchises that are in desperate need of sharper graphics , specifically Metroid and Zelda .
Both of those franchises would reach a previously unknown level of popularity if they just pushed the display resolution up to perhaps 720 p .
The current Wii supports 480 p , which is the standard definition .
1080 p is full HD , but not all TVs sold as HD are 1080 p ( which both the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 support ) .
Many TVs billed as HD are actually only 720 p .
( As a side note , when 720 p sets were first being sold , they were more accurately called “ EDTV ” , or enhanced - definition TVs .
Apparently whoever has been marketing these sets has decided that they can sell more by calling them high definition ) .
Having seen 720 p displays , there is a noticeable improvement from standard definition .
If Nintendo ’s updates of the DS are any kind of example , do n’t expect anything major from the Wii 2.0 .
The DSi added slightly bigger screens , a couple of cameras , and improved firmware .
I ’m hoping the Wii 2.0 will take the Wii a bit further than Nintendo took the DS in its update , but pretty much any improvements would be welcome .
What do an elderly topiary gardener , a retired lion tamer , a man fascinated by mole rats , and a cutting - edge robotics designer have in common ?
Both nothing and everything in this unconventional documentary directed by Erroll Morris .
Fast , Cheap & Out of Control ( Referring to the robot specialist 's strange philosophy of robot design structure , not Erroll Morris 's documentary techniques ! ) interplays , overlaps , and interrelates these four separate and highly specialized documentary subjects in order to in truth study all of humanity , raising questions about the future of mankind .
Written by Matthew F. Griffin
With the current political crisis in Honduras , American ( US ) foreign policy is looking to soften its historic reputation in the region by largely deferring negotiations to Latin American diplomats .
While the Honduran economy relies heavily on remittances sent from the U.S. , many are wary of American involvement at the state level .
To help explain why , here is a list of ten previous instances of American involvement in Latin America .
Note :
This is NOT an endorsement of radical governments that have taken hold in some parts of Latin America whose adherence to democracy is often questionable , but rather a balanced historic perspective to explain anti-U.S. sentiment in the region .
10 The Platt Amendment 1901
This addition to the Army Appropriations Act , submitted by Senator Orville Pratt ( R - Ohio ) , set the stage for US - Cuban relations in the early 20th Century .
Following the war with Spain in 1898 , the US maintained a large garrison in Cuba in the interest of creating a self - governing colony subordinate to Washington .
The terms of the amendment included 1 ) restriction of land leasing to any nation but the US , 2 ) ensuring of US intervention in Cuban affairs and 3 ) prohibition of negotiating treaties with any power other than the US
The amendment also provided the framework for the leasing of Guantanamo Bay to US control , which became an even more divisive issue upon transfer of detainees to the area following the September 11 attacks and subsequent wars .
9 The Independence of Panama 1903
Panama was once a part of Colombia ( which was itself part of a country called Great Colombia following independence from Spain ) .
The Colombian government had negotiated with the US to build a canal to bridge the Atlantic and Pacific oceans , but it fell through .
A separatist movement in Panama ensued , which the US supported .
Following the establishment of the Republic of Panama , French engineering magnate Philip Burnau - Varilla sold his concession to the building rights for the canal to the US government .
The US also demanded control of the canal and the six - mile zone around it .
The tension culminated in the 1964 riots that killed 22 Panamanians and 4 US soldiers .
Control of the Canal was transferred back to Panama in 1999 .
8 The Dominican Republic
Wanting to protect his Panamanian investment , US President Teddy Roosevelt announced his corollary to the previous Monroe Doctrine , stating that the US could act unilaterally to ward off European intervention in the Caribbean .
He obtained the rights to administer Dominican customs its chief source of income .
Later , in 1916 , the US invaded and established a military government under Admiral Knapp , which was repudiated by Dominicans and was often brutal in its crackdown on dissent .
The US occupation would not end until 1922 .
The US also supported dictator Rafael Trujillo ( pictured above ) despite his campaign of political assassinations and massacres of Haitians .
The Dominican Republic was considered a protectorate of the US until 1941 .
7 Occupation of Nicaragua 1912 - 1933
The US Marines were sent to occupy Nicaragua beginning in 1912 in the midst of an armed insurrection .
The US was also granted rights to build a so - called “ Nicaragua Canal ” by the conservative US - backed Chamorro ruling family .
Later , Gen. Augusto Sandino led a rebellion against the conservative government and US occupation .
Sandino was later assassinated , and the military dictatorship of the Somoza family came into power .
This too was backed by the US - trained Guardia Nacional .
6 The Mexican Revolution 1916
Following guerilla leader Pancho Villa ’s raid on Columbus , New Mexico ( in which 16 Americans died ) , President Wilson sent Gen . “ Blackjack ” Pershing and 10,000 soldiers into the mountains of northern Mexico to hunt Villa down .
The mission ultimately failed but Mexicans viewed the act as an unjust invasion .
It is said that the pejorative designation “ gringo ” came from this time , as US soldiers clad in olive uniforms were met with cries of “ Green , Go ! ”
5 Occupation of Haiti 1915 - 1934
Wary of German influence in Haiti , American investors backed by the US State Department aquired the National Bank of Haiti .
In a subsequent revolt against the US - friendly regime of Jean Vilbrun Guillaume Sam , the Marines were sent to occupy Port - au - Prince in 1915 .
The US government would administer the island for the next two decades .
The US wielded veto power over all government decisions in Haiti , and Marine Corps officers served as regional administrators .
The US military eventually withdrew , but 50 years of American - backed military dictatorships followed .
4 Operation PBSUCCESS 1953-54
In the early 1950s , the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) organized a coup against democratically - elected President Arbenz in Guatemala .
Arbenz had instituted sweeping land reforms to benefit the country ’s vast impoverished populace .
This antagonized the powerful United Fruit Company , a multi-national conglomerate ( of which CIA director Allen Dulles was a stockholer ) that lobbied the US government for intervention .
The moves were also deemed communist in nature by the Eisenhower administration and the US government began to supply anti-Arbenz forces with weapons and training .
Arbenz was overthrown , and military dictatorship followed for the next four decades .
During this time , it is estimated that nearly a quarter million Guatemalans were killed or “ disappeared . ”
3 Bay of Pigs Invasion 1961
US President Eisenhower oversaw plans to depose Communist Cuban leader Fidel Castro as early as 1960 , using much the same model as the one used in Guatemala .
Castro had deposed the US - backed Batista regime in the Revolution , and had since developed close ties with the Soviet Union .
The plans came to fruition under the Kennedy administration .
A force of anti-Castro Cuban exiles were landed in southern Cuba on April 17 , 1961 , supported by strikes on Cuban airfields .
By this time , however , Castro ’s forces were well equipped with advanced Soviet weapons and the invasion was defeated .
Tensions between the US and Cuba would be strained to a breaking point with the Cuban Missile Crisis the following year .
2 Chile and Pinochet 1973
Though there is controversy surrounding the 1973 Chilean coup even today , there is certainly evidence of communication between the CIA and the coup instigators led by Gen. Augusto Pinochet .
Salvador Allende was a democratically - elected president with ties to Cuba ’s Fidel Castro .
In September 1973 , he was overthrown by a military junta .
The CIA was aware of the coup as many as two days in advance .
Following the event , in a conference with President Nixon , National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger stated that “ the Chilean thing is getting consolidated and of course the newspapers are bleeding because a pro-Communist government has been overthrown . ”
Pinochet ’s regime went on to become one of the most oppressive and brutal organizations of the 20th Century .
1 Invasion of Grenada 1983
Grenada is a small Caribbean island about 100 miles north of Venezuela .
In 1979 , a revolution led by Maurice Bishop came to power with Cuban support .
Among his projects was the construction of a large airstrip , which was charged by US President Reagan as designed for Soviet aircraft .
An internal power struggle followed , ending in Bishop ’s arrest and execution .
At the time , 800 US medical students were on the island , and their presence amid the turmoil gave Reagan sufficient justification for ordering an invasion .
Ten thousand US , Jamaican and Caribbean troops landed on Oct. 25 , 1983 .
The invasion was condemned internationally by the UN General Assembly .
Twenty American troops were killed , along with over a hundred Cuban and Grenadan soldiers and civilians .
Train station in Melbourne
Like many street artists , I ca n’t find much information on the stencil artist known as Meek .
What I do know is that he is based out of Melbourne , Australia ( a mecca for street / stencil art ) and his work is sick .
His art started appearing around 2003 , and he has been gaining notoriety ever since .
All images shown here are from Stencil Revolution and were personally uploaded by Meek .
You can find all four pages of his work HERE
There is also a sparsely detailed Wikipedia entry on Meek here .
Better recognize foo !
Sprayed onto an old CT brain scan
Meek the Marionette
From the Melbourne Stencil Festival 2005 – 140 cm x 140 cm
Meek apologizes for the witness protection program pixelation 🙂
One of my commercial projects requires a space - efficient object serialisation format , and until now I 've been using the obvious choice in Google 's Protocol Buffers .
I 'm happy enough with the format itself , but the experience of using the Python bindings was just barely satisfactory .
The interface feels quite Java-ish and there are some non-obvious gotchas , such as having to use special methods to manipulate list fields .
I ploughed ahead , but was quietly looking around for alternatives .
The last straw came when I tried to establish a deployment scheme using pip requirements files .
Both " pip install protobuf " and " easy_install protobuf " fail hard : the pypi eggs are out of date , the source download has a non-standard structure , and the setup .py script tries to bootstrap itself using the protobuf compiler that it assumes you have already built .
Yuck .
This was more pain than I was willing to put up with .
Plus it was a good opportunity to take another look around .
I toyed briefly with Facebook 's ... errr ... I mean Apache Thrift , but it had too much remote - procedure - call baggage and not enough documentation .
Then I stumbled across a great little screed about extprot , a technology to create " compact , efficient and extensible binary protocols that can be used for cross- language communication and long - term data serialization " .
Yet another wire format for data serialisation ?
Yes , but this one has some neat features that fit well into my headspace :
a powerful type system ;
This inludes strongly - typed tuples and lists , tagged disjoint unions , and parametric polymorphism in the style of Haskell or ML .
Once you 've used a disjoint union type , you will never want to see another enum as long as you live .
; self - describing data ; The ' skeleton ' of a message can be recovered without knowing the protocol definition .
This is approximately like reading an XML document without knowing anything about the tag names .
; self - delimiting data ;
All serialised messages indicate their length , allowing easy streaming and skipping of individual protocol components .
Entirely new wire types can thus be added without breaking existing parsers .
These features combine to make extprot strongly extensible .
Messages can often maintain backward and forward compatibility across protocol extensions that include adding fields to a message , adding elements to a tuple , adding cases to a disjoint union , and promoting a primitive type into a tuple , list or union .
There 's just one problem of course – no Python bindings .
But as they say , every problem is an opportunity in disguise .
The module 's called " extprot " , the packages are on pypi , and the code is on github .
It was a remarkably fun experience trying to reify a Hindley - Milner - style type system as Python class objects , and I 'm quite happy with the way it turned out .
As an added bonus I got to try out the fabulous pyparsing module for the first time .
In the author 's humble opinion , this extprot package has got some serious advantages over the protobuf python bindings :
It 's a pure - python module , packaged and distributed in the standard fashion .
It 's friendly to dynamic package management tools like pip .
It works exclusively with standard Python objects .
Declared a list field ?
It 's a native list object .
You do n't need to compile your protocol definitions .
That last point deserves a special mention .
Dammit , this is Python !
I do n't want to introduce a compiler into my fantastically productive read - eval - print loop .
With extprot , you can point the module to your protocol definition file and dynamically compile it into an in - memory class structure .
Suppose I have the following protocol definition file :
message person = { id : int ; name : string ; emails : [ string ] }
I can load and use it in python with this much work :
>>> import extprot
>>> extprot . import_protocol ( " mydefs.proto " , globals ( ) )
>>> print person
< class '< extprot.dynamic>.person '>
And I can work with the resulting classes without any knowledge of extprot :
>>> p1 = person ( 1 , " Guido " ) # kwd args would also work
>>> print p1 . emails # fields use a sensible default if possible
[ ]
>>> p1 . emails .
append ( " guido@python.org " )
>>> p1 . emails .
append ( 7 ) # all fields are dynamically typechecked
Traceback ( mosts recent call last ) :
...
ValueError : not a valid String : 7
>>> print repr ( p1 . to_string ( ) ) # look at that compact binary string !
' \x01\x1f\x03\x00\x02\x03\x05 Guido\x05\x13\x01\x03\x10guido@python.org '
>>> print person .
from_string ( p1 . to_string ( ) ) .
name
' Guido '
Now it 's time to fess up just a little : the size of the encodings produced by extprot are of the same order as those from protobuf , but they do have a few extra bytes of overhead due to their self - delimiting nature .
For my applications these extra bytes do n't outweigh the advantages I 've described above , but your mileage may vary .
I also suspect it would be trivial to remove these delimiters in a separate translation step if you really needed to squeeze them out .
So , looking for a language - neutral serialisation or messaging scheme ?
Take a look at extprot , its very powerful type system and the flexible protocol extensions that it permits .
In my opinion it 's a serious contender , and I hope these Python bindings help push it along just a little .
I ’ve been having a discussion with someone from IBM about whether it ’s ever possible for for Free Software to have a nice human interface .
In theory , I think it is possible .
But in practice , the vast majority of open - source projects are also volunteer projects ; and it seems that the use of volunteers to drive development inevitably leads the interface design to suck .
The reasons are many and varied , and maybe one day I ’ll turn this into a long and heavily - referenced essay .
But in the meantime , here ’s a summary .
Dedicated volunteer interface designers appear to be much rarer than their paid counterparts — and where they do exist , they tend to be less experienced ( like yours truly ) .
First corollary : Every contributor to the project tries to take part in the interface design , regardless of how little they know about the subject .
And once you have more than one designer , you get inconsistency , both in vision and in detail .
The quality of an interface design is inversely proportional to the number of designers .
Second corollary : Even when dedicated interface designers are present , they are not heeded as much as they would be in professional projects , precisely because they ’re dedicated designers and do n’t have patches to implement their suggestions .
Many hackers assume that whatever Microsoft or Apple do is good design , when this is frequently not the case .
In imitating the designs of these companies , volunteer projects repeat their mistakes , and ensure that they can never have a better design than the proprietary alternatives .
Volunteers hack on stuff which they are interested in , which usually means stuff which they are going to use themselves .
Because they are hackers , they are power users , so the interface design ends up too complicated for most people to use .
The converse also applies .
Many of the little details which improve the interface — like focusing the appropriate control when a window is opened , or fine - tuning error messages so that they are both helpful and grammatical — are not exciting or satisfying to work on , so they get fixed slowly ( if at all ) .
As in a professional project , in a volunteer project there will be times when the contributors disagree on a design issue .
Where contributors are paid to work on something , they have an incentive to carry on even if they disagree with the design .
Where volunteers are involved , however , it ’s much more likely that the project maintainer will agree to add a user preference for the issue in question , in return for the continued efforts of that contributor .
The number , obscurity , and triviality of such preferences ends up confusing ordinary users immensely , while everyone is penalized by the resulting bloat and reduced thoroughness of testing .
For the same reason — lack of monetary payment — many contributors to a volunteer project want to be rewarded with their own fifteen pixels of fame in the interface .
This often manifests itself in checkboxes or menu items for features which should be invisible .
The practice of releasing early , releasing often frequently causes severe damage to the interface .
When a feature is incomplete , buggy , or slow , people get used to the incompleteness , or introduce preferences to cope with the bugginess or slowness .
Then when the feature is finished , people complain about the completeness or try to retain the preferences .
Similarly , when something has an inefficient design , people get used to the inefficiency , and complain when it becomes efficient .
As a result , more user preferences get added , making the interface worse .
Where a project is heavily influenced by a company under commercial pressure to ship a usable product ( such as Netscape , Eazel , or Ximian ) , you ’d expect the interface to improve as a result .
But in such projects so far , it would appear that the opposite has happened .
I think this is partly because the companies involved are n’t large enough to employ designers who are both smart and stubborn , and partly because the business model of the companies involves maximizing the revenue ( rather than the user satisfaction ) gained from the interface .
[ 2002-05 - 07 : See also Why Free Software usability tends to suck even more . ]
Arsène Wenger has branded Uefa 's decision to charge Eduardo with diving a " complete disgrace " and accused it of staging a " witch - hunt " .
European football 's governing body has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Croatia international for " deceiving the referee " in Wednesday 's 3 - 1 victory over Celtic , after he won a dubious penalty when close to the goalkeeper Artur Boruc .
The referee Manuel Mejuto Gonzalez awarded a penalty but replays appeared to show no contact .
Eduardo scored from the spot , but has subsequently faced condemnation from several quarters .
" I find it a complete disgrace and unacceptable , " said Wenger .
" We wo n't accept the way we have been treated in this case for two reasons .
I believe that you can debate whether it was a penalty or not .
For me it 's a witch - hunt that we see and not an objective judgment of a case .
" This charge implies there was intent and a desire to cheat the referee .
Having watched the pictures again there was nothing conclusive .
It singles out a player in Europe to be a cheat and that is not acceptable .
Uefa has taken action that is not defendable . "
Eduardo could now miss Arsenal 's opening two games of the Champions League group stage .
But Wenger sympathised with the Croatia forward for taking evasive action in light of the career - threatening broken leg he sustained two seasons ago .
" We will defend our player as far as we can because he is not being treated fairly , " he said .
" It 's funny in football because you can break the legs of players and it does n't make a debate for anybody .
But this case has been all over the world and Eduardo has been treated like he 's killed someone .
" I 'm quite happy that this penalty would have had no outcome on the game .
Eduardo has been touched by the goalkeeper and we can prove that .
I 'm the first to say that it does n't look like a penalty but it 's another thing to say that he went down with intent .
I wish good luck in proving that having seen the pictures again .
" Having seen his leg after that tackle [ against Birmingham in 2008 ]
I do n't blame him for getting out of the way of the goalkeeper . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone says he is nonplussed by the confrontational stance that was adopted by teams this year as they threatened to set up a breakaway series .
Although the future of F1 looks more secure on the back of teams signing a new Concorde Agreement with Ecclestone and the FIA , the sport 's commercial chief is still baffled about why some outfits and their bosses were so determined to do things their own way .
" I was just telling someone the other day that most of them in Formula 1 are a bit new , " Ecclestone said in an interview with Singapore 's Today newspaper .
" They have n't served an apprenticeship .
They just do n't know what we had to go through to build things up in the beginning to what they are today .
They want to take whatever they can as much as they can and disappear .
A couple of them , I think , maybe thought they would like to do something else and be in charge of something .
" They are not even in charge of anything they are now doing anyway , so how they think they could be in charge of something as big as F1 , I do n't know .
Anyway , it is their opinion . "
Ecclestone reckoned that teams got carried away with the idea of a breakaway , and thinks that it would ultimately have been very hard to have taken on F1 with a rival series .
" This business is built now and it is easier to do what we are doing rather than start something again , " he said .
" I would n't want to start a series in opposition to Formula 1 , for sure .
" There is no real reason for it ; there is no logic in it .
Just as I said to people , those who wanted to break away must have been carried away .
The trouble is they are more the corporate types .
This is n't a corporate business , it is an entrepreneur business . "
And interestingly , Ecclestone said that should F1 have collapsed amid all the political wrangling that has marred this season , he would have walked away completely rather than try and rebuild it .
" There would n't be any point in staying if it collapses , would it ? " he said .
" I probably think it 's not worth the effort rebuilding it .
I 've got enough energy to do many , many other things and that is what I would be doing . "
John Hughes defined high school for a generation .
Whether or not you actually attended – maybe you were too old , or young , or from a different country – his films not only invented a genre , they informed the experience and they crystallised the memories , too .
It was a remarkable coup of cultural conditioning .
At the time of their release , Hughes 's films struck a chord because they were fresh and funny , and because they acted as a comforter .
They showed what every teenager may have suspected : schools are quasi- prisons , staffed by beings who seem from a different planet .
Hughes 's genius was to think like a teenager but write like an adult .
He never patronised his target audience , but he also made films that ( particularly compared with the brainless raunch of something like Porky 's ) their parents could , even sneakingly , approve of ; even sympathise with .
It 's easy to see the link between Hughes 's oeuvre and the likes of The Graduate - not just in terms of , say , artful music cues , but sensibility , too .
If your friends forsook you , your parents ignored you ( the ones in Sixteen Candles actually forget their daughter 's birthday , remember ? ) and your teachers did n't even know your name , here was one grown - up who told you , honestly , how to cope .
Hughes 's handbook said that to survive the high - school experience , you had two options :
a) Make the best of it , dancing through detention like the gang in The Breakfast Club .
b ) Or take a cue from Ferris Bueller and make an art form out of pulling a sickie .
Amazingly , these two most enduring Hughes movies were made within a year of each other : The Breakfast Club ( and Weird Science ) were released in 1985 , while Ferris Bueller ( and Pretty in Pink , which he wrote ) came out in 1986 .
After cutting his teeth on the dire National Lampoon 's Class Reunion
and the marginally less so National Lampoon 's Vacation ,
Hughes scored a major hit with family comedy Mr Mom ( an early example of his riffing on the off - message child within every apparently responsible adult ) .
Then came his directorial debut , Sixteen Candles , then The Breakfast Club : teen angst as Chekhov , a must - see for anyone who 's ever been 17 .
It 's unusually incomplete online , given that this is a film that can be recited by at least three people in a room at any one time .
Some highlights : the " Eat my shorts " scene – again , with lovely , witty edits , and some genius languid playing from all the actors ( I'm afraid the Harry Potter cast start to look very clumsy when compared with this ) .
The running through the corridors .
The final letter scene .
It was a sleepover staple at the time , but it has a lasting patina of cool that comes from its brilliant tooling , and its superb – at times even Bresson - esque – direction .
It 's that rare thing – a film that touched you as a child but which , as an adult , no one is ashamed of still admitting to being moved by .
People rewatched Hughes 's later films a fair bit – on one tribute site someone owns up to seeing Uncle Buck " about 150 times " .
It 's worth remembering , then , that even Hughes at his most sentimental had a spikiness that rewarded repeat viewings ( maybe not 150 , but still ) .
Here 's Macaulay Culkin telling it straight to John Candy over breakfast : " I 'm a kid , that 's my job . "
Planes , Trains & Automobiles ( 1987 ) was Hughes 's first crack at a comedy with adults in the crosshairs .
It 's fun enough , but compared with his teen - focused output , it 's aged badly .
Likewise , romantic comedy She 's Having a Baby ( 1988 ) .
Hughes , it seemed , did n't feel wholly at ease in the adult world .
Home Alone ( 1990 ) was a big leap back in target demographic , but it employed a familiar Hughes template : the kid who outfoxes his ( in this case , particularly dim and negligent ) parents , and anyone else who tries to get one over on him ( Joe Pesci 's bumbling burglar ) .
Here 's Culkin setting up all manner of booby traps soundtracked to some overwrought strings .
But , cute and weirdly arty ( just as in Bueller , that fourth wall gets demolished pretty fast ) and immensely profitable as Home Alone was , it was n't touching or memorable .
Still , the kiddie flick was a seam Hughes mined fairly remorselessly through the 90s , whether in the gaggingly - sweet Curly Sue ( one of his last films as director )
or in his screenplays for Beethoven ( 1992 ) , Dennis ( 1993 ) , Baby 's Day Out ( 1994 ) , Miracle on 34th Street ( 1994 ) , 101 Dalmatians ( 1996 ) and , perhaps most dismayingly , Flubber ( 1997 ) .
Hughes 's influence on the current generation of film - makers can be seen almost every time you go to the cinema .
Compare and contrast Ferris Bueller – here growing up fast in some Ferraris
with Max Fischer , the aspirant adult schoolboy star of Wes Anderson 's Rushmore .
Compare Molly Ringwald in this prototype Google - chat flirting scene in Pretty in Pink with Ellen Page in Juno .
Now hear Diablo Cody , whose screenplay for Juno won her an Oscar , gush – in three parts – about Pretty in Pink .
Let 's finish with Ferris 's masterclass on playing hookey , just in case anyone 's still thinking about Flubber .
It 's wonderful : the snappy edits , the sly humour ( on the pointlessness of sitting a test on European socialism : " They can be fascist anarchists , it still would n't change the fact that I do n't own a car " ) .
And it rings true , too .
Like Ferris says : " Life moves pretty fast .
You do n't stop and look around once in a while and you might miss it . "
John Hughes 's legacy was to put the voice of wise - cracking common sense into the mouths of those more used to being told to shut up .
How about you ?
What were your defining Hughes moments ?
And which of today 's film - makers has taken his baton and run with it the furthest ?
More on John Hughes
• Video : Andrew Pulver and Paul MacInnes on John Hughes
• Obituary : John Hughes
• Gallery : A career in photos
• Blog : Anna Pickard on why John Hughes felt like a friend
• Blog : Andrew Pulver on the loss of John Hughes and Budd Schulberg
• News : Tributes flood in
• News : John Hughes dies at 59
[ / caption ]
Planet hunters from the UK have discovered the largest exoplanet yet , and its uniqueness does n’t end there .
Dubbed WASP - 17 , this extra large world is twice the size of Jupiter but is super - lightweight , “ as dense as expanded polystyrene ” one astronomer said .
Plus it is going the wrong way around its home sun , making it the first exoplanet known to have a retrograde orbit .
As a likely a victim of planetary billiards , astronomers say this unusual planet casts new light on how planetary systems form and evolve .
Astronomers say the planet must have flipped direction after a near miss with another huge “ big brother ” planet swung it around like a slingshot .
“ Newly formed solar systems can be violent places , ” said graduate student David Anderson , of Keele University .
“ Our own moon is thought to have been created when a Mars - sized planet collided with the recently formed Earth and threw up a cloud of debris that turned into the moon .
A near collision during the early , violent stage of this planetary system could well have caused a gravitational slingshot , flinging WASP - 17 into its backwards orbit . ”
Though it is only half the mass of Jupiter it is bloated to nearly twice Jupiter ’s size .
Astronomers have long wondered why some extra-solar planets are far bigger than expected , and WASP - 17 points to the explanation .
Scattered into a highly elliptical , retrograde orbit , it would have been subjected to intense tides .
Tidal compression and stretching would have heated the gas - giant planet to its current , hugely bloated extent .
“ This planet is only as dense as expanded polystyrene , seventy times less dense than the planet we ’re standing on ” , said Coel Hellier , also of Keele University .
WASP - 17 is the 17th new exoplanet found by the Wide Area Search for Planets ( WASP ) consortium of UK universities .
The WASP team detected the planet using an array of cameras that monitor hundreds of thousands of stars , searching for small dips in their light when a planet transits in front of them .
Geneva Observatory then measured the mass of WASP - 17 , showing that it was the right mass to be a planet .
The WASP - South camera array that led to the discovery of WASP - 17 is hosted by the South African Astronomical Observatory .
Read the team ’s paper here .
Source : STFC
If America is at war with obesity , then obesity is winning .
Three out of 10 adults are obese — 72 million people with a condition associated with diabetes , heart disease , some cancers and other chronic illnesses .
The belt - busting American waistline is becoming as much a political as public health question — and if some politician has n’t already introduced the No Buffet Left Behind Act , he will after this week ’s big “ Weight of the Nation ” report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
It ’s almost quaint that government has n’t tried to do more to deter weight gain .
Perhaps it ’s because the politics of fat are not easily digestible :
Unlike traditional illness , obesity is largely the result of individual choices about diet and exercise .
Still , maybe taxpayers really should care , given that they ’re footing most of the medical bills .
***
The singular feature of American obesity is its steep , out - of - nowhere rise .
For most of the 20th century , U.S. obesity rates were stable , with a slight upward trend through the late 1970s .
Suddenly , they spiked across all demographic groups and have continued to rise unabated .
In sheer body mass , the entire population is heavier than it used to be , and the heaviest are much heavier .
Just between 1998 and 2006 , obesity rates increased by 37 % , according to the CDC .
The costs are nearly as startling .
In a study published this week in the journal Health Affairs , CDC researchers estimate that obesity now accounts for 9.1 % of all medical spending — $ 147 billion in 2008 .
The Milken Institute estimates that chronic disease costs more than $ 1.2 trillion every year .
On top of the medical resources devoted to preventable illness , a fatter and sicker work force is a drag on economic growth .
In effect , we ’re eating money .
Not to mention the entitlement programs , which pay for more than half of all obesity - related illness .
The CDC puts the annual per capita increase in Medicare spending attributable to obesity at 36 % .
Medicaid comes in at 47 % .
An earlier Health Affairs paper notes that if the prevalence of obesity were merely at 1987 levels , Medicare spending would be at least $ 40 billion a year lower .
Infectious Diseases :
Many of the diseases that seem to strike out of the blue actually have their origin in our personal habits .
Here 's how to protect yourself and your family from infectious illnesses ...
Wash your hands :
Cold and flu are contracted not by being near a coughing , sneezing person , but by touch .
Self - defense : Wash your hands as soon as possible after touching somone who 's ill , after touching something an ill person has touched , and just periodically when you 're living or working with an infected individual .
Untill you wash , do n't touch your eyes or nose .
Those are the main entry points for cold viruses .
For times when no sink is handy , carry a supply of alcohol - based wipes .
Prepare food carefully : Much of the meat and eggs in the supermarket are tainted with salmonella .
Escherichia coli ( E. coli ) , is present in up to 4 % of ground beef , pork , poultry and lamb .
It 's also found in un-pasteurized milk and juice and other beverages .
( To prevent food poisoning ) , Refrigerate food immediately after preparing or serving it .
If it 's been sitting out for more than an hour , throw it away .
Avoid steak tartare and raw or under cooked eggs .
Steer clear of homemade eggnog and mayonnaise .
If any yolk from a contaminated egg remains liquid , salmonella can survive .
Wash utensils or surfaces that have been in contact with raw meat or egg before using them again .
Drink only pasteurized milk and juice .
Avoid bottom - feeding fish .
Grouper , red snapper , amberjack and barracuda can harbor ciguatera , a disease - causing toxin .
Steam shellfish for at least 15 minutes .
Thorough steaming takes care of E. coli and other infectious agents that are commonly found in clams , oysters and mussels .
Guard against tick bites :
Most tick bites are benign .
But since Lyme disease and other tick - borne illnesses can be hard to detect and treat , it 's best to avoid getting bitten in the first place .
During tick season ( April through the first frost ) , take these precautions :
When walking in wooded or grassy areas , wear long - sleeved shirts and long , loose - fitting pants tucked into socks .
Use insect repellent containing DEET .
A 30 % concentration is best .
Put it on your clothing and any exposed skin .
If you have outdoor pets , use tick - killing powder or spray .
Your veterinarian can recommend a good brand .
Check yourself for ticks daily .
Have a family member check your scalp and other hard - to - see areas .
Look closely , some ticks are the size of a pinhead .
If you find a tick , do not remove it with alcohol , petroleum jelly or a lighted match .
These methods can cause the tick to regurgitate under your skin , raising your chance of illness .
Better : Using tweezers , gently grasp the tick and pull steadily outward at the same angle the tick is facing .
Keeping the tick in a jar of alcohol , so it can be identified later if you develop a bull 's - eye rash or other suspicious symptoms .
Prevent urinary infections : Women who are prone to urinary tract infections ( UTIs ) may want to consider using a birth control method other than the diaphragm .
Spermicidal jellies and foams used with a diaphragm create an environment hopitable to bacteria .
Women should also urinate after intercourse to flush out infection - causing bacteria .
UTIs are rare among men .
Avoid parasites in water :
In most areas , tap water is chlorinated to kill bacteria .
But chlorination does not kill Cryptosporidium and other parasites .
Self - defense :
If you have poor immunity , boil water for one minute or install a reverse - osmosis water purifier under your sink .
Be careful while traveling : Check with a doctor well in advance of your trip and get any recommended vaccinations .
In the U.S. , Canada , Western Europe , Australia , New Zealand and Japan , food and water are usually safe .
In other regions , eat only fully cooked or freshly peeled foods .
Bring your own water , or drink carbonated beverages or wine .
Watch out for ice cubes and the mixers in mixed drinks .
To purify water : Boil it for at least one minute .
Or , add 2 % tincture of iodine ( five drops per quart of water ) , and let it sit for at least an hour .
This method is good for suspect tap water and water from a stream or lake .
If you visit an area where malaria and / or other insect - borne diseases are endemic , wear light , loose - fitting clothing and mosquito netting , use DEET spray , and stay indoors as much as possible .
Legionnaire 's desease : Smokers , elderly people and individuals taking immunosuppressant drugs are at risk for Legionnaire 's disease .
The bacteria that cause Legionnaire 's are often found in shower heads , air conditioning systems and cooling towers , in the U.S. and abroad .
Self - defense : Stay as far away as possible from cooling towers .
And , before using an unfamiliar shower , sterilize the shower head by running the water at its hottest setting for five minutes .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Cannabis helps combat prostate cancer , scientists revealed yesterday .
But patients were warned not to use the drug even though active chemicals halted the spread of the disease .
Cannabis also helped reduce the size of tumours when tested on mice , according to researchers at Spain 's University of Alcala .
But Cancer Research UK's Dr Lesley
Walker said : " This opens a new avenue to explore potential drug targets but it is at a very early stage - it absolutely is n't the case that men might be able to fight prostate cancer by smoking cannabis .
" Research suggests that prostate cancer cells might stop growing if they are treated with chemicals found in cannabis but more work needs to be done to explore the potential of these cannabinoids in treatment . "
Prostate cancer affects more than 35,000 UK men each year and kills around 10,000 .
In the last few years , I have had the opportunity to compare the human and veterinary health services of Great Britain , and on the whole it is better to be a dog .
As a British dog , you get to choose ( through an intermediary , I admit ) your veterinarian .
If you do n’t like him , you can pick up your leash and go elsewhere , that very day if necessary .
Any vet will see you straight away , there is no delay in such investigations as you may need , and treatment is immediate .
There are no waiting lists for dogs , no ...
He 's Willkommen in Germany Berlin Gives Green Light to Obama 's Ambassador Pick
It took some time , but now it 's official .
Former Goldman Sachs banker Phil Murphy is expected to become the next US ambassador to Berlin .
SPIEGEL ONLINE has learned that the office of the German president has given its blessing to the appointment .
He is expected to be named by Obama soon .
A bucks ' night stripper accused of rape told her alleged victim " it was just a joke " after he complained about being violated by a sex toy .
The alleged victim told the Victorian County Court today he urged stripper Linda Maree Naggs not to put the pink strap - on dildo into his anus and was shocked when she did .
Stripper Linda Naggs outside court .
Credit: Julian Smith
" I was pretty upset at that stage , " he said .
" I could feel something was there . "
These accommodation options in Short Term Accommodation Sydney also come with a variety of services for you to enjoy during your stay apartments plus .
For example , you can get a room with a private swimming pool .
You can also find a host of other amenities that would suit your budget .
The city of Sydney is also located in the eastern part of Australia .
When you travel to Sydney , you should be aware of the cost of living here , because this city is quite expensive .
Fortunately , you will find some cheaper accommodations in Short Term Accommodation Sydney .
Apartments plus – Sydney Apartments For Rent
You can also find some great deals on Short Term Accommodation in Sydney , when you book in advance .
Most people prefer to reserve their accommodation in advance because they know that there will be a large supply of apartments and villas available in Sydney for them to stay in .
These apartments and villas are available for rent all year round .
so you will always have somewhere to stay when you are in this city .
The availability of Short Term Accommodation in Sydney means you can stay in your own apartment or villa all year around .
This is the perfect solution for those who are on vacation but do not have a lot of time to visit hotels all over the city .
Catholic World News
Pope links atheism , environmental destruction , urges world leaders to act
August 27 , 2009
In his Wednesday general audience , Pope Benedict , linking atheism and secularism with environmental destruction , summarized his new encyclical ’s teaching on man ’s duties towards the environment :
Is it not true that inconsiderate use of creation begins where God is marginalized or also where his existence is denied ?
If the human creature 's relationship with the Creator weakens , matter is reduced to egoistic possession , man becomes the " final authority , " and the objective of existence is reduced to a feverish race to possess the most possible .
Creation , matter structured in an intelligent manner by God , is entrusted to man 's responsibility , who is able to interpret and refashion it actively , without regarding himself as the absolute owner .
Man is called to exercise responsible government to protect it , to obtain benefits and cultivate it , finding the necessary resources for a dignified existence for all .
With the help of nature itself and with the commitment of its own work and creativity , humanity is able to assume the grave duty to hand over to the new generations an earth which , in turn , the latter will be able to inhabit worthily and cultivate further .
The Pontiff urged world leaders “ to give the appropriate indications to their own citizens to address in an effective manner the ways of utilizing the environment that turn out to be harmful .
The economic and social costs stemming from the use of shared environmental resources , recognized in a transparent way , must be assumed by those who use them , and not by other populations or by future generations . ”
For all current news , visit our News home page .
Sound Off! CatholicCulture.org supporters weigh in .
All comments are moderated .
To lighten our editing burden , only current donors are allowed to Sound Off .
If you are a current donor , log in to see the comment form ; otherwise please support our work , and Sound Off !
Here ’s the Haskell package popularity statististics for the month of August 2009 ( a couple of days early , due to ICFP travel ) .
These are downloads of source using the logs for the Hackage package server ( kindly hosted by Galois ) .
They measure popularity of Haskell source code packages on Hackage .
Headlines
Total Hackage downloads : 1.22 million ( + 82 k )
Total Packages on Hackage : 1520 packages
Total Contributors : 414 developers
Over 80 thousand downloads in August
Hackage now links to distro packages where available
Top 20 most downloaded Haskell applications in August
xmonad – A tiling window manager haddock – A documentation - generation tool for Haskell libraries cpphs – A liberalised re-implementation of the C pre-processor hscolour – Colourise Haskell code cabal - install – The command - line interface for Cabal and Hackage .
yi – The Haskell - Scriptable Editor darcs – a distributed , interactive , smart revision control system happy – a parser generator for Haskell pandoc – Conversion between markup formats xmobar – A Minimalistic Text Based Status Bar leksah – Haskell IDE written in Haskell alex – a tool for generating lexical analysers in Haskell happstack –
The haskell application server stack + code generation hlint – Source code suggestions for Haskell gitit – Wiki using happstack , git or darcs , and pandoc hoogle – Haskell API Search cabal2arch – Create Arch Linux packages from Cabal packages happs - tutorial – A Happstack Web 2.0 - type demo uuagc – Attribute Grammar System of Universiteit Utrecht yst – Builds a static website from templates and data in YAML or CSV files
Top 20 Haskell libraries in August
HTTP – Client - side HTTP zlib – Compression and decompression in the gzip and zlib formats binary – Binary serialisation for Haskell values using lazy ByteStrings utf8 - string – Support for reading and writing UTF8 Strings haskell - src-exts – Manipulating Haskell source : abstract syntax , lexer , parser , pretty printing QuickCheck – Automatic testing of Haskell programs ghc - paths – Knowledge of GHC ’s installation directories OpenGL – A binding for the OpenGL graphics system HaXml – Utilities for manipulating XML documents GLUT – A binding for the OpenGL Utility Toolkit pureMD5 – MD5 implementations that should become part of a ByteString Crypto package time – A time library terminfo – Haskell bindings to the terminfo library parsec – Monadic parser combinators X11 – A binding to the X11 graphics library regex - base – Regular expressions for Haskell network – Networking - related facilities uniplate – Uniform type generic traversals unix - compat – Portable POSIX - compatibility layer transformers – Concrete monad transformers
We can also compute the librarys and applications that had the biggest increase in downloads in August over the previous month .
These libraries are increasing in use the fastest :
Top 10 rising libraries
Tensor – Tensor data types ObjectName – Explicitly handled object names StateVar – State variables for OpenGL OpenGLRaw – A raw binding for the OpenGL graphics system GLURaw – A raw binding for the OpenGL graphics system text – An efficient packed Unicode text type HaXml – Utilities for manipulating XML documents MissingH – Large utility library HStringTemplate – StringTemplate implementation in Haskell derive – A program and library to derive instances for data types
Top 10 rising applications
haddock – A documentation - generation tool for Haskell libraries pandoc – Conversion between markup formats gitit – Wiki using happstack , git or darcs , and pandoc yi – The Haskell - Scriptable Editor cabal2arch – Create Arch Linux packages from Cabal packages hake – make tool .
ruby : rake = haskell : hake hpodder – Podcast Aggregator ( downloader ) nemesis – a Rake like task management tool flow2 dot – generate sequence / flow diagrams from plain text source lhc – LHC Haskell Compiler
All these can be installed with :
$ cabal install < package >
Crunch the Numbers
Here ’s the data so you can see how your favourite packages are going :
And do n’t forget — the Haskell Platform is cutting into cabal - install ’s monopoly on distribution of Haskell code … downloads for that are counted separately .
QuickCheck – Automatic testing of Haskell programs
The Potter phenomenon has been blamed for a surge in the number of people buying owls , emulating the young magician who keeps a snowy owl called Hedwig as a pet .
Now an animal sanctuary has opened on the Isle of Wight to help cope with the problem of owls dumped by owners who can no -longer care for them properly .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Animal expert Don Walser , who has opened Newport Owl and Monkey Sanctuary , said : " The problem is that no license is required , anyone can buy an owl .
" They might look great in the Harry Potter films , but it takes years to train them .
Children read the books and see the films and say to their mums and dads they want one and parents do n't realize how much care it takes to look after them .
Article continues
AAVSO is an equal opportunity and discrimination / harassment - free environment .
Please read this , and all our policies here .
Tags
I recently decided that I am going to pay for as many things as is practicable using only two - dollar bills .
I will now attempt to explain my purely symbolic gesture and the reactions I have received so far .
A few weeks ago I determined that I should be doing something to express my dissatisfaction with current monetary policy , and get people interested in the topic .
Inflation was my main concern .
I tossed around a few ideas of how to get others interested .
I needed to do something dramatic enough to get attention , and interesting , or eccentric , enough to prompt people to educate themselves about monetary policy and price inflation .
But how could I both express my discontent and get people to learn that the Fed 's printing of trillions is disastrous ?
My first idea was to pay for everything with one - dollar bills .
Theoretically , this was to alert people to the declining value of the dollar ; after all , it takes a surprisingly large stack of ones to pay for most purchases now .
I quickly rejected this idea for obvious reasons .
Ones are ubiquitous and it is not particularly unusual for people to pay with them .
My next crazy idea was to pay with pennies .
Clearly , this was an even worse idea than paying with dollar bills .
It would definitely get attention , but who wants to carry around a giant — and very heavy — bag full of pennies ?
My next plan was to refuse to accept ten - dollar bills .
After all , Hamilton is on the ten and his mercantilist policies are largely responsible for the current American version of neomercantilism .
But who the heck cares if I do n't want tens ?
Plenty of people do n't want tens for various reasons and I certainly do n't want to have to give everyone a long boring speech as to why I wo n't take their tens in order to make my point .
No , I needed something that would n't require a captive audience or a long explanation .
Then it dawned on me .
Why not pay with two - dollar bills ?
After all , Thomas Jefferson is featured on the two , and as all Jeffersonians and Austrians know , Jefferson had a deep hatred of central banks and inflation .
( Not to mention that his vice president shot and killed Hamilton . )
What 's more , two - dollar bills are something of an oddity .
The front of the bill is the oldest design still in production .
The reverse features Trumbull 's Declaration of Independence .
The two - dollar bill serves my purpose well because , as Austrian economists have taught us , price inflation is the result of the Federal Reserve printing money .
The two is rarely printed , making only about one percent of all notes !
One series was printed in 1976 to commemorate the bicentennial , another series was printed in 2003 , and the last series in 2006 .
The two is perfect : it is not widely circulated and most people regard it as something of a curiosity .
As of 2007 , there were only about $ 1.5 billion worth of two - dollar bills in circulation , and many of those have been hoarded away .
My mind was made up .
The two - dollar bill was the perfect way to spread my message without being intrusive or a mere annoyance .
Paying this way is just odd enough to get people to say " why twos ? "
Furthermore , twos are easy enough to use so that paying with them is not a major burden .
The symbolism of Jefferson being on the least - printed Federal Reserve note in existence further sweetened the deal .
So it was time to put my plan into action .
Obviously , the first step in paying for as many things as practicable with two - dollar bills was obtaining said bills .
I headed down to my local Wachovia , where I do my banking .
When I asked the teller for two - dollar bills , I received the expected ( and desired ) look of utter bewilderment .
She then scrounged around , asking all the other tellers for any twos that they had .
She took a quick trip to the back in her quest to satisfy my strange request .
She did the best she could , returning with only $ 18 worth .
Then the efficacy of my plan was confirmed , as she asked the question that I most wanted to hear .
After counting them out for me she said " Why do you want twos ? "
I was thrilled , but I never showed my inner delight .
I replied " I just prefer them . "
After all , this article had not yet been written and I knew that she did n't want to hear a long rant about inflation and the Federal Reserve .
Nor did I want to give such a lecture .
As I prepared to leave the bank , the ever - helpful teller said she would start saving twos for me .
Later that week , I purchased a copy of Meltdown by Tom Woods at the Mises bookstore .
As I shelled out the two - dollar bills , our librarian said , " You are going to pay me in twos ? " Perfect .
It was working better than I could have hoped !
I just told him that they had my favorite president on them .
After all , the Mises librarian already knows about the Fed and inflation .
The next week , when I went back to my bank to cash a check , I once again requested two - dollar bills .
There was a different teller , and once again I was delighted to receive a bewildered look .
Once again there was a scramble to find enough twos to satisfy my strange request .
Alas , there were none in the entire bank !
After profuse apologies , she informed me that they would be getting some twos in very soon .
Then she asked the question that I was so anxious to hear again .
I replied the same way as to the previous teller .
Now I am able to pay with twos just about everywhere I go .
I do discriminate , so to speak ; I try to save my twos for small local businesses .
My thinking is that these places are more likely to recirculate them throughout the small college town where I live — and are more likely to inquire about my eccentric payment method .
Once this article runs , when I am asked why I am requesting or paying with so many two - dollar bills , I will be able to say , " If you google ' why pay with two - dollar bills , ' you will find out exactly why . "
The true point of this experiment is to encourage people to educate themselves about our current inflationist monetary policy .
My hope is that my readers will begin to request two - dollar bills from their banks and direct people to this article .
There is no need to brow beat a captive audience with economic mumbo jumbo , just say , " Google ' why pay with two - dollar bills . ' "
If they are curious enough , it will lead them to use the wonderful resources available at Mises.org to shake off the heavy chains of complacency that facilitate this stealthy crime .
If you found this article because someone has been paying you with two - dollar bills , then I thank you for your interest .
I strongly suggest you read some of the fantastic articles available at Mises.org .
There are also numerous books available for free download .
There are even audio versions of books and articles for free download .
What could be easier ?
One of the best ways to get started is to watch this amazing free documentary : Money , Banking , and the Federal Reserve .
In the current state of the economy , with the Federal Reserve printing trillions of dollars , and the government bailing out everyone in sight , it is more important than ever to be well informed .
Mises.org can help .
Perfect Acumen , purveyors of such fine $ 5 apps as " Top Sexy Ladies : Audrina Patridge " and " Skin Care Updates , " has had its dev license revoked , and its 900 applications pulled .
Is Apple 's banhammer finally growing a brain ?
Advertisement
Yes and no .
No , in the sense that this , the removal of the third most prolific app - shitter in the whole store , does n't have anything to do with a change in policy or an increase in transparency .
Yes , in the sense that Apple is finally enforcing some of their clearer prior rules .
Like , " DON'T STEAL THINGS . "
From Apple 's letter to the wonderfully named Perfect Acumen :
Apple has informed you of numerous third party intellectual property complaints concerning over 100 of your Applications and reminded you of your obligations to obtain the necessary rights prior to submission of your Applications .
Nevertheless , we continue to receive the same or similar types of complaints regarding your Applications despite our repeated notices to you .
Advertisement
Knocking nearly a thousand spam apps out of a total of 50,000 or so is a start , but not enough .
How about this new plan , for Apple : expend all that energy you were using to get your customers blindingly angry for no good reason on clearing out asinine , infringing crap like this .
You 're welcome !
[ MobileCrunch ]
King on Holder : ' You wonder which side they ’re on '
A " furious " Rep. Peter King , the hawkish , maverick Long Island Republican , blasted a " disgraceful " Eric Holder for opening an investigation of CIA interrogators and chided his own party for what he described as a weak response to the move in an interview just now with POLITICO .
" It ’s bulls ***.
It ’s disgraceful .
You wonder which side they ’re on , " he said of the attorney general 's move , which he described as a " declaration of war against the CIA , and against common sense . "
" It ’s a total breach of faith , and either the president is intentionally caving to the left wing of his party or he ’s lost control of his administration , " said King , the ranking Republican on the House Committee on Homeland Security and a member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence .
King , channeling both the sense of outrage and of political opportunity felt in parts of the GOP , defended in detail the interrogation practices — threats to kill a detainee 's family , and or to kill a detainee with a power drill — detailed in a CIA inspector general report released yesterday .
" You 're talking about threatening to kill a guy , threatening to attack his family , threatening to use an electric drill on him — but never doing it , " King said .
" You have that on the one hand — and on the other you have the [ interrogator 's ] attempt to prevent thousands of Americans from being killed . "
" When Holder was talking about being ' shocked ' [ before the report 's release ] , I thought they were going to have cutting guys ' fingers off or something — or that they actually used the power drill , " he said .
Pressed on whether interrogators had actually broken the law , King said he did n't think the Geneva Convention " applies to terrorists , " and that the line between permitted and outlawed interrogation policies in the Bush years was " a distinction without a difference . "
" Why is it OK to waterboard someone , which causes physical pain , but not threaten someone and not cause pain ? " he asked , warning of a " chilling " effect on future CIA behavior .
" You will have thousands of lives that will be lost , and the blood will be on Eric Holder 's hands , " he said .
King faulted his own party leaders for an insufficient response to yesterday 's announcement .
" They ’ve declared war on the CIA .
We should resist and fight back as hard as we can , " he said .
" It should be a scorched earth policy .
...
This is n't just another policy .
This goes to the heart of our national defense .
We should do whatever we have to do . "
Update :
This is the news archive for all Firefox 3
updates that we have reviewed in the past .
Firefox 3 is no longer supported by Mozilla .
You can download the latest version of the Firefox web browser from the :
This is the news archive for all Firefox 3updates that we have reviewed in the past .
Firefox 3 is no longer supported by Mozilla .
You can download the latest version of the Firefox web browser from the official Mozilla website
If you are already running Firefox , you can check your version by starting the browser on your system , tapping on the Alt - key once it is open , and selecting Help >
About Firefox from the menu .
Firefox 3 News
Firefox 3 final has been uploaded to the Mozilla ftp site just a minute ago and everyone can already download the client if they do not want to wait for the official announcement on the Mozilla website and the " world - record " website .
As usual it is available for all supported operating systems and languages which means everyone should find his version in the ftp .
We have covered earlier that Mozilla is trying to create a world - record for the most software downloads in 24 hours .
More than 1.4 million users have already pledged to download Firefox 3 today and we can expect to see a ( much ) higher number in the end because not everyone knows about the world record and not everyone obviously entered his email address for the pledge .
Firefox 3 major changes
New SSL error pages
New Web Forgery Protection
One - click site info
Malware Protection
Add-ons and plugin version check
Secure add - on updates
Anti-virus integration
Vista Parental Controls support
Easier password management
Simplified add - on installation
New download manager
Full page zoom
Download resume options
Tab improvements
Plugin management via the add - on manager .
Bookmark tags
Smart location bar
Library feature
And a lot more .
Firefox 3.0.1
Shortly after releasing version Firefox 2.0.0.16 the Firefox development team released another update this time for Firefox 3 .
The update fixes three security updates that have a critical rating making this a security update .
It is recommended to update Firefox 3 as soon as possible to close the security holes .
Two of my add - ons stopped working and I had to manually edit them so that they I could continue using them .
Two of the three vulnerabilities have been the same that were fixed in Firefox 2 while one is a Gif rendering vulnerability on Mac OS X that could crash the browser .
The other two just for those who have not read the update post are a remote code execution vulnerability and the launching of multiple tabs when Firefox is not running .
Firefox 3.0.2
Mozilla started distributing the final version of Firefox 3.02 to various major and minor mirror sites .
This is the usual process before they release the notification on the homepage about the new version .
The Check for Updates feature will show the new version usually 0 - 24 hours later .
The release notes are still mentioning changes of the beta version of Firefox 3.02 but will surely be updated soon with the release information which should not be that different .
Some interesting changes are several security and stability fixes , minor layout issues and hangs & crashes when using screen readers .
Firefox 3.0.3
What a surprise .
Only two days after releasing Firefox 3.02 the Mozilla Firefox team released the new version Firefox 3.03 which is usually a sign of a serious bug in the previous version .
Firefox 3.03 fixes only one bug that affected some users of the previous version .
The bug made it impossible for some users to retrieve saved passwords or to save new passwords .
A serious problem for everyone who used the Firefox Password Manager to store passwords in the web browser .
Firefox 3.0.4
The release is a security and stability update .
A total of nine security vulnerabilities have been fixed in the update including four critical vulnerabilities .
You can access the list of security fixes at the Security Advisories page for Firefox 3 .
The release notes do not contain information about the stability updates but the full list of bug fixes mentions a few fixes that stop browser crashes .
Lastly language support and language related additions seem to have been a priority .
Firefox 3.04 adds support for Thai and Icelandic as well as beta test releases for Bulgarian , Esperanto , Estonian , Latvian , Occitan , and Welsh .
There have also been several important bug fixes for the following annoying problems :
Fixed an issue where some passwords saved using Firefox 3.0.2 did not work properly .
In some cases , Firefox would not properly save proxy settings for protocols other than HTTP
Fixed an issue where the IME input tool used to enter Japanese , Korean , Chinese and Indic characters was covered by the " Add Bookmark " panel
Firefox 3.0.5
The Mozilla Firefox development team released version 3.05 of the popular web browser a day after the Opera team updated their browser .
The latest update - like the Opera update - is considered a security update and therefor recommended to install as soon as possible to patch the security vulnerabilities .
A total of eight security vulnerabilities are patched in Firefox 3.05 including three critical vulnerabilities .
Critical vulnerabilities are described as vulnerabilities that require " no user interaction beyond normal browsing " to be exploited .
The other security vulnerabilities are rated as high , moderate and low .
Most Firefox users should already be able to check for a new update directly in their web browser by clicking on the Help > Check For Updates link in the main Firefox menu .
Five new languages ( Bengali , Esperanto , Galicia , Hindi , and Latvian ) have been added in this release as well .
This is also the first release without an EULA during setup .
Firefox 3.0.6
Firefox 3.0.6 fixes several security and stability issues of Firefox 3.0.5 .
One critical , two high , one moderate and two low rated security issues have been fixed in the web browser .
The bug list contains dozens of issues that have been fixed in Firefox 3.0.6 but the main reason for the update were the security and stability issues .
Firefox 3.0.7
A new update to the popular Firefox web browser is currently distributed to mirror sites across the world .
The release is already available at selected mirror sites and raises the version of the Firefox web browser to 3.0.7 .
The beta release notes which have been published in the end of February are mentioning that Firefox 3.0.7 fixes several issues including security and stability issues found in versions prior to Firefox 3.0.7 .
Other notable changes to the new version of the web browser include several bug fixes .
Firefox 3.0.8
The Mozilla Firefox development team had to react quickly after a working vulnerability was discovered affecting all the latest versions of the Firefox web browser .
( read Latest Firefox Web Browser Vulnerable to 0 - Day Exploit ) .
After news about the vulnerability spread like wildfire on the Internet a first official statement was released that was suggesting an early release of Firefox 3.0.8 on March 30 , 2009 .
Many users felt that the Mozilla team should release the new version earlier than that after fixes for the vulnerabilities had been confirmed to close the security hole for every Firefox user .
Firefox 3.0.10
It is a security update that is fixing one critical security vulnerability and one major stability issue .
Critical security vulnerabilities are classified as those that require no user interaction to be exploited and allow the attacker to run code and install software on the attacked computer system .
The release notes only list the two fixes mentioned in the first paragraph .
Fixed a security issue : SSL tampering via non-200 responses to proxy CONNECT requests
Fixed a majory stability issue : Crash in nsTextFrame :: ClearTextRun ()
Two additional fixes have made their way into the Firefox update .
Non-200 responses to proxy CONNECT requests lead to attacks on HTTPS
[ pl ]
Reword issuerNotTrusted strings in cvs-trunk
Firefox 3.0.11
A full list of all 50 bug fixes is available at the Bugzilla website .
Cautious users might want to wait until the update has been distributed to all mirror sites so that it can be downloaded either from the official Mozilla website or through Firefox 's check for update functionality .
The public release is expected soon .
The following major issues have been fixed in Firefox 3.0.11 :
Fixed several stability related issues
SQLite has been upgraded to a new version which fixed several issues with the database
In addition , security issues have been resolved in Firefox 3.0.11 .
A total of eight different security issues have been resolved , of which four have received a severity rating of critical , the highest rating available :
MFSA 2009 - 32 JavaScript chrome privilege escalation
MFSA 2009 - 31 XUL scripts bypass content - policy checks
MFSA 2009 - 30 Incorrect principal set for file : resources loaded via location bar
MFSA 2009 - 29 Arbitrary code execution using event listeners attached to an element whose owner document is null
MFSA 2009 - 28 Race condition while accessing the private data of a NPObject JS wrapper class object
MFSA 2009 - 26 Arbitrary domain cookie access by local file : resources
MFSA 2009 - 25 URL spoofing with invalid unicode characters
MFSA 2009 - 24 Crashes with evidence of memory corruption ( rv:1.9.0.11 )
Firefox 3.0.18
Mozilla has announced plans to update the Firefox 3.0.x and Firefox 3.5.x branch today earlier this week .
The updates are currently distributed to the official mirror server network to be prepared for the increased traffic after the official release announcement .
Both releases are security and stability updates and therefor recommended to be installed by Firefox 3.0.x and 3.5.x users immediately after release to protect the browser and computer system from exploits targeting the vulnerabilities .
Only the beta changelogs of both new web browser versions are available at the Mozilla website which usually only list some of the updates of the new releases .
Interested users can access the Firefox 3.5.8 and 3.0.18 beta changelogs which do link to the Bugzilla page that lists all the updates in both releases .
Bugzilla lists three critical , three major and 13 normal bug fixes in Firefox 3.0.18 and nine critical , six major and 48 normal or minor bug fixes in Firefox 3.5.8 .
Both Firefox 3.5.8 . and Firefox 3.0.18 will be offered for download at the Mozilla website and from within the web browser after performing a check for browser updates .
Firefox 3.0.19
Firefox 3.0.19 is the final update for the 3.0.x branch of Firefox , there will be no more updates after this one .
The final update is a security and stability upgrade for the web browser which makes it an recommended update for all users who are still using the browser .
The complete list of changes over at Bugzilla lists 55 bugs in total that have been fixed in Firefox 3.0.19 .
Of those 55 bugs 14 have been rated critical and 6 as major .
Firefox 3.1
Firefox 3.1 Alpha 1 has been released and it introduces several new features and improvements to already existing ones .
The buzz feature of Firefox 3.1 will definitely be tab previews which opens up a small overlay whenever the user presses CTRL TAB .
It looks similar to Windows Vista 's Alt Tab behavior by displaying the tabs as visual thumbnails that the user can flip through .
Three tab thumbnails are shown by default but the value can be changed in the about : config settings by changing the parameter browser.ctrlTab.previewsCount .
Users who prefer the old way and do not need or like this new tab thumbnails preview feature can turn it off completely by setting the parameter browser.ctrlTab.mostRecentlyUsed to false .
Firefox 3.1 also introduces several changes to the Firefox location bar .
Users will finally be able to define the Firefox 3 auto complete feature .
The first noticeable change is the addition of five characters that , when entered in the location bar , will restrict the search .
The characters can be entered anywhere in the location bar .
History = ^
Bookmarks = *
Tags = +
Titles only = #
Addresses only = @
That 's however confusing and a feature that only a few Firefox users will really take advantage of .
The default characters can be changed in about : config as well .
Far more interesting is the possibility to change the default search , that is the search when no special char is entered .
The special chars can be changed which includes their removal .
Now if you want that the normal search is only searching your History then you would simply remove the ^ char in the about : config settings of the History parameter .
Here are the five parameters :
browser.urlbar.restrict.history
browser.urlbar.restrict.bookmark
browser.urlbar.restrict.tag
browser.urlbar.match.title
browser.urlbar.match.url
Removing the special char will apply the restriction by default which will help all the users who complain about the Firefox 3 location bar .
Firefox 3.5 Final
No changelog has been posted yet to verify this statement .
We took the liberty to upload Firefox 3.5 final US for Windows users to a free file host from where it can be downloaded .
Users who need other language or operating system installers of the web browser might need to wait until the release becomes officially announced or uploaded to download sites .
You might be interested in the Firefox 3.5 feature set if you have not been using Firefox 3.5 yet ( as you might have been waiting for a final release before doing so ) .
You can take a look at the features at the Mozilla Wiki .
What 's new
Private Browsing Mode
Support for HTML5 Video
Location Aware Browsing
Gecko engine improvements
Support for new web technologies
New Tracemonkey JavaScript engine
Firefox 3.5 Portable
The long awaited new version of the Firefox web browser has been released in the last days .
Users who have been using version 3.0 x of the web browser are now facing the decision if they should upgrade to that new version or wait until they are sure that all their add - ons , websites and settings are working under Firefox 3.5 as well .
Probably the easiest way of finding out if they can upgrade to Firefox 3.5 is by testing the Firefox 3.5 portable release .
Portable in this case means that it will not interfere with the Firefox installation on the computer system .
It is possible to migrate add - ons and settings to the portable version by using Firefox add - ons like the Firefox Environment Backup Extension ( FEBE ) .
This turns the portable version of Firefox into a 1:1 copy of the installed version ; Ideal for testing and analyzing the new web browser .
Firefox 3.5 portable has been published at the portable apps website from where it can be downloaded .
The portable version is only compatible with the Windows operating system although it has been reported that it will work in Wine on the Linux operating system as well .
The portable version can simply be extracted to a folder on the local computer system from where it can be started afterwards .
Everything else in the portable version of Firefox works like in the installed version including the installation of add - ons .
Mozilla Firefox 3.5.1
A recently disclosed vulnerability in the Firefox 3.5 web browser forced the Mozilla Firefox development team to release version 3.5.1 of the web browser early to fix the vulnerability .
The vulnerability , which is affecting all operating systems that Firefox can be installed on , is linked to the Firefox JavaScript Tracemonkey engine .
A temporary fix was published soon after that would disable part of the Javascript engine .
Users who have applied the temporary workaround to Firefox 3.5 should undo the changes by doing the following :
Type in about : config in the Firefox address bar and hit enter .
Now filter for the term javascript.options .
jit.content and double - click it afterwards to set it to true which enables the Tracemonkey JavaScript engine .
Firefox 3.5.2
Firefox 3.5.2 for Microsoft Windows
Firefox 3.5.2 for Apple Macintosh
Firefox 3.5.2 for Linux
The beta release notes of Firefox 3.5.2 mention several security and stability issues that have been fixed in the new version .
This makes it a recommend update for all Firefox 3.5 x users .
A issue with images with ICC profiles has been fixed as well which now render properly on all computer monitors .
The full list of bug fixes and issues can be accessed at Bugzilla .
Firefox 3.5.3
The beta release notes which are currently publicly available mention several security and stability fixes making the update a recommended update for every Firefox user currently working with the 3.5 x branch .
The bug list lists 43 bugs that have been fixed in this version of Firefox with nine bugs being rated as critical .
Interested users can check the bug list that was fixed in Firefox 3.5.3 .
Firefox 3.5.4
The Firefox 3.5.4 .
release notes classify the update as a security and stability update making it an recommended update for every Firefox user .
The full list of fixes and changes lists a total of 124 items with seven marked as critical and 13 as major .
The Firefox 3.0.15 release notes list fewer items but still mention several security and stability fixes for that version of the web browser making it a recommended update as well .
It should also be noted that Firefox 2.x is no longer supported by the developers who ask users to update to the Firefox 3.x branch as the older branch contains known security and stability issues that are not ( and will not be ) fixed .
Firefox 3.5.5
The release notes are - as usual - not up yet and the fixed bugs list at Bugzilla shows only four fixes in this latest version .
One of the bugs that has been fixed was rated critical on the other hand with the other three rated as normal .
The description of the release on the Mozilla website states that it is a " short - cycle security and sustained engineering release to fix several top crashing bugs " .
In other words a stability update for the web browser .
Firefox 3.5.6
Mozilla has also released Firefox 3.0.16 which is in the same mirror distribution process right now .
Several stability and security problems have been fixed in this version of Firefox as well and it is likely that those are the same that have been fixed in Firefox 3.5.6 .
Interested users can take a look at the Bugzilla bug list for Firefox 3.5.6 and Firefox 3.0.16 .
to read up on all the fixes that have been applied to both versions .
A total of 24 bugs ( including 7 critical , 3 major ) have been fixed in Firefox 3.0.16 .
62 bug fixes have been applied to Firefox 3.5.6 of including 11 critical and 6 major ones .
Firefox 3.5.7
The beta release notes classify the upgrade as a performance and stability update .
It fixes three bugs of which one has been classified as critical and two as major .
Fixed a common stability issue .
Fixed a problem with how updates were being presented to users .
The release notes are accessible here .
They link to the bugzilla listing of bugs that have been fixed in this version of Firefox .
A release of Firefox 3.0.17 is also expected to hit the Firefox ftp servers soon as it has been scheduled for release today as well .
Firefox 3.5.9
Firefox 3.5.x was also updated to Firefox 3.5.9 which has also been a security and stability update , likely with many updates that have also been made to Firefox 3.0.19 .
Bugzilla lists the same amount of bugs that have been fixed .
It is here again recommended to update the Firefox browser as soon as possible to improve the browser 's stability and security .
You find all Firefox 3.6 related news here .
Firefox 3.7
Customizations have always been a core aspect of the Firefox web browser .
Up until now it was possible to drag and drop some user interface elements , like bookmarks or search bars into other toolbars .
It was furthermore possible to use CSS styling to change other elements ( like font sizes for instance ) as well .
But then there were also elements that could not be moved at all .
The tabbar for instance was such an element .
The latest Firefox 3.7 nightlies ( called firefox - 3.7a5 pre ) enables customizations for additional elements that could not be moved at all previously .
It is now for instance possible to move the new tab and list tabs buttons from the Firefox tabbar into another toolbar .
More interesting than this , especially in situations where screen estate is a premium is the ability to move elements into the tabbar which actually makes it possible to place all visible navigational elements into one toolbar in the Firefox web browser .
Moving all elements into the tabbar has consequences on the other hand , especially in situations where many tabs are opened at the same time as they reduce the width of forms to a minimum making it extremely difficulty to enter new urls or perform searches .
Mozilla Links has information about the other changes in this new release :
On Windows , you can also notice the slightly updated tabs style : more separated and rounded and more contrast for the active tab .
Important changes are still to come for tabs including nice animations when adding , closing and moving tabs , and Aero Glass for all toolbars on Windows Vista and 7 .
Which brings us to an interesting question .
How would your browser look like if all browser toolbars and elements were customizable ?
I for one would love to see an option to integrate the titlebar into one of the bars , maybe make it fixed to a toolbars background or something like that .
Advertisement
I killed my dad .
I did n’t blow him away with a gun .
Instead , I let him die .
I pulled a kitchen chair up next to him and watched him struggle to breathe on the floor .
The skin on his face turned a reddish - purple .
His neck took on a bluish tint .
Both his hands clutched tightly at his chest .
And suddenly , the white in his eyes became spider - web etched , in blood - red lines .
Why did I do it ?
It ’s complicated .
I loved the son of a bitch more than anything on the planet .
You see , 28 years earlier , I was born a cripple .
A breech birth , feet first , my head stuck in the birth canal .
By my first birthday , I could n’t crawl , stand or walk .
My right arm and hand awkwardly clung to my torso .
At first , the doctors told my dad I would never walk or run normally because the muscles in my right leg and arm would continue to atrophy .
When I was 3 , Dad brought me to Children ’s Hospital in Boston for answers .
They told him I had cerebral palsy .
A loss of oxygen to my brain had destroyed brain signals to the right side of my body .
The doctors recommended that I attend private schools .
They gave him a long list of places that could better care for cripples like me , and they prescribed a full - length removable leg cast to wear at bedtime .
Advertisement
He refused to listen .
No son of his was going to be a cripple .
He found a doctor who instructed him in how he could take the place of my injured brain .
Every morning before breakfast and every evening before bed , my dad placed me on the bedroom floor to exercise my right leg .
The muscles were shrunken and twisted together .
His job was to craft them straight , at any cost .
Back and forth , up and down , my dad pushed and pulled the muscles into shape .
He stretched them until the heel of my right foot evenly matched up to the heel of the left foot .
My Aunt Helen told me the process was almost unbearable to witness .
She said the sounds of me screaming soured her stomach .
I was too young ; I do n’t remember the pain .
But my mother said my dad would cry .
He could n’t look into my eyes .
His tears made wet stains on my T - shirt .
But my dad ’s exercise of passion did n’t stop there .
For my 13th birthday , he threw me a special party .
First , we ate my favorite peanut butter cake .
Then he allowed me to open every present but a large box neatly trimmed in colorful birthday - balloon wrapping paper .
When everybody was gone , he marched me into the basement to open the box .
It was a set of boxing gloves .
We put them on .
My dad proceeded to beat me unmercifully .
Each time I tried to get up , leather kissed my nose , eyes and jaw .
Blood ran into my mouth from the spot where my front teeth punctured my bottom lip .
I begged him to stop .
Instead he carefully , systematically picked a target , never once missing his bull ’s - eye .
Advertisement
Hysterical , I collapsed in his arms .
He cradled me , rocking back and forth .
Dad said , “ I ’d cut off my right arm if that would make you whole . ” I could n’t talk .
He said he beat me to get me ready for the world .
Told me I was a man now and things would be extra tough for me .
That same year , he caught me hitchhiking , duct - taped me to a kitchen chair and turned on Mom ’s electric carving knife .
He never touched me with it , just held it close to my ears .
It was for my own good , he said .
I needed to know what would happen if a “ bad man ” picked me up .
Ironically , it was also easy for my dad to engage in an uncommon act of discernible love .
That same year , I was the only kid in my neighborhood that was n’t picked for Little League .
Everybody laughed at me at tryouts .
My right leg awkwardly slanted inward as I ran .
My father heard their snickers .
On the ride home , neither of us spoke .
I sat close to him .
He held my hand , and we cried together .
Two weeks later , Dad started the Shedd Park Minor League .
He raised money , bought uniforms , enlisted coaches , acquired permits , and every kid played .
Dad coached the Yankees and made me a pitcher .
Advertisement
In high school , I became a football star .
People said if I had two good legs , I might have played on Sundays .
One Saturday afternoon , I read the quarterback ’s eyes , jumped the tight end and pulled the pass out of his hands .
Immediately , I headed for the end zone .
At the five - yard line , I looked around to see if anybody was close enough to catch me .
Nobody was chasing me , except Dad running full speed along the sidelines .
The power of my dad ’s love , insidious and reckless , guaranteed I walked and more .
And this Father ’s Day , like every Father ’s Day , I ’ll relive the last time I saw him .
My mother was in the hospital recovering from surgery .
And Dad was on the kitchen floor having sex with another woman .
I found them .
He went for his heart .
I thought he was faking .
By the time I realized he was dying and tried to help him , it was too late .
At the end , I remember a tear rolling slowly across his cheek .
His eyes opened wide .
I bent forward and whispered , “ I love you . ”
He slowly reached for my hand just as he had done years ago on that ride home from Little League tryouts .
And at that instant , we both experienced the pain and madness of love .
Then he was gone .
That night , I shot my first bag of heroin .
Three years after he died , I kicked a 10 - bag - a - day habit .
I became a journalist , covered the war in Bosnia , made an award - winning documentary .
In 1997 , a brain surgeon in San Jose told me I did n’t have cerebral palsy after all .
He explained precisely how and where the doctor ’s forceps at birth had damaged the frontal lobe of my brain .
Advertisement
My dad never knew the whole truth .
But all that counts is the bottom line .
After all his madness , on this Father ’s Day , like every Father ’s Day , I ’m not a cripple .
Q : What do you think of Google 's use of Java or the subset of Java they use ?
A : They are odd .
It 's not like the petulant kid who does n't want to play with others .
It 's like they 've got their head in the clouds and they 're now saying , " Oh , you mean there are other people out there that we might want to play with ? "
It 's really hard to tell what their intentions are with Android .
They put this thing out there , and you 've got lots of people picking it up .
The big attraction seems to be the zero on the price tag .
But everybody I 've talked to who is building an Android phone or whatever , they 're all going in and they 're just hacking on it .
And so all these Android phones are going to be incompatible .
In Part 2 of eWEEK 's interview with James Gosling , Gosling talks about Sun's , Java 's and his own future .
Read Part 2 here .
One of the reasons that we charge license fees is because we 've got organizations of people that do compatibility testing and actual negotiating amongst the different handset makers so that things like GPS APIs look the same .
And what 's going on in the Android world is there 's kind of no adult in charge .
And all these handset manufacturers are doing whatever they damn well please .
Which means that it 's just going to be randomness .
It could be let a thousand flowers bloom , but it also could be a dog 's breakfast .
And I guess having been around the track a few times , it feels like it 's going to be more of a dog 's breakfast .
Q : At this JavaOne what would you say is the biggest piece or the biggest new thing ?
A : We 're getting to this point where everything is tied together .
So with my myopic blinders on ... what I 've spent most of my time on in the last few months has been the store [ Sun 's Java Store ] .
For me that 's a pretty big deal .
It 's going to be a very different kind of store than people have seen before .
The JavaFX stuff is doing way better than I ever hoped .
I think when we first started the JavaFX thing we were wringing our hands about all kinds of weird devices and people thought we were kidding .
So things like the [ Java - powered ] LG television , the fact that that 's actually a product that is shipping and in stores .
...
Admittedly , it 's only shipping in Korea because it's a cable TV set - top box for the Korean market .
But it 's got the cable TV set - top box standards ... and fairly beefy Java engines .
And that device runs JavaFX wonderfully .
That 's a TV that I believe the guts of it will be showing up all over the place .
...
I think that a year or two ago people thought we were kidding about this stuff .
And we were not .
There 's definitely going to be more of this stuff .
The fact that we 're able to do this at price points that work for the CE manufacturers is pretty amazing .
And you add all of that together and it turns into this unbelievably huge marketplace .
And with the store .
The hard bits of the store are its processes for managing deployment .
The store that you see today manages deployment to desktops .
But in not too long you 'll see it managing deployment to cell phones and cable TV set - top boxes , and all kinds of strange things .
The cell phone stuff , we 're probably not going to directly do it .
That 's the kind of thing we 'd probably do in conjunction with the cell phone carriers .
Former American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson has defended fellow songbird Susan Boyle claiming people were ‘ especially mean ’ to her .
RadarOnline.com revealed last week that the Scottish singer has set her sights on conquering America and Monday , Clarkson told UK talk show GMTV that she has ‘ empathy ’ for Boyle .
Like The Britain ’s Got Talent runner - up , Clarkson rose to fame through a reality show and claimed that the pressures of fame can be hard to prepare for .
Clarkson said : ‘ I think every person who goes through this .
Right at the beginning it ’s very hard , it ’s hard on you because people can be so vicious .
I mean especially with her I ’ve heard nothing but horrible things people say about her . “
The ex-American Idol – who also came from a humble small town before winning Idol – claims adjusting to life afterwards takes time .
“ It ’s one of those things .
She ’s from a small town , I ’m from a smaller town , it takes time to be like , ‘ Wow .
Some people are really mean ’ .
But you have to focus on the positive people that are really positive around you . ”
“ It takes time , it ’s like seven years later … and I ’m like alright – it ’s been alright for seven years – so I ’m good . ”
Meanwhile , Boyle is recovering at her home in Scotland after being treated at The Priory Clinic in London where she was recovering from exhaustion .
After some more rest , she is going to take her career forward under the guidance of American Idol guru Simon Cowell .
( Photo : Splash News )
Hardball on Health Care ?
This morning , the New York Times reported that the American Medical Association had sent the Senate Finance Committee a firm , detailed rejection of the public plan .
“ The A.M.A. does not believe that creating a public health insurance option for non-disabled individuals under age 65 is the best way to expand health insurance coverage and lower costs , " their comment read .
" The introduction of a new public plan threatens to restrict patient choice by driving out private insurers , which currently provide coverage for nearly 70 percent of Americans . ”
Well , looks like something happened between this morning and this afternoon , because the AMA is backtracking , and quick .
It just released a clarifying statement :
" Today 's New York Times story creates a false impression about the AMA 's position on a public plan option in health care reform legislation .
The AMA opposes any public plan that forces physicians to participate , expands the fiscally - challenged Medicare program or pays Medicare rates , but the AMA is willing to consider other variations of the public plan that are currently under discussion in Congress .
This includes a federally chartered co-op health plan or a level playing field option for all plans . "
In other words , it opposes the " strong " plan I outlined here and is open to the " weak " plan .
The co-op thing is a red herring .
So why the quick turnaround ?
Hard to say .
But that 's not a clarification .
It 's a backtrack .
The original statement was not unclear .
And it comes amid mounting indications that the key players are beginning to play hardball with the industry .
Take this article from Roll Call :
Top aides to Senate Finance Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) called a last - minute , pre-emptive strike on Wednesday with a group of prominent Democratic lobbyists , warning them to advise their clients not to attend a meeting with Senate Republicans set for Thursday .
Russell Sullivan , the top staffer on Finance , and Jon Selib , Baucus ’ chief of staff , met with a bloc of more than 20 contract lobbyists , including several former Baucus aides .
“ They said , ‘ Republicans are having this meeting and you need to let all of your clients know if they have someone there , that will be viewed as a hostile act , ’ ” said a Democratic lobbyist who attended the meeting .
“ Going to the Republican meeting will say , ‘ I ’m interested in working with Republicans to stop health care reform , ’ ” the lobbyist added .
They 're saying that you 're either with health reform , or you 're against it .
And if you 're against it , you can't expect to be taken care of in the final legislation .
They 're not going to save your seat at the table while you 're trying to burn down the room .
And the AMA , it seems , got the message .
( Photo credit : Brendan Smialowski , Getty Images )
Highlights
• Tuition and fees , not to exceed the most expensive in - state undergraduate public institution for up to 36 months .
• Monthly housing allowance .
•$ 1,000 a year for books and supplies .
• Anyone who serves 36 months of active duty service is eligible .
Others who serve less can get a percentage of the benefits .
More information on new GI bill
Less than two years ago , Sgt. Victor Chavez was stationed in a village on the Euphrates River , southwest of Baghdad in the area known as the " Triangle of Death . "
After six years in the Army and 34 months of deployment , Chavez this summer has taken on a challenge of a different type -- two statistics class at Le Moyne College that will help him complete a degree in psychology .
Chavez is one of thousands of veterans who served after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 who will benefit from upgrades to the GI Bill that went into effect on Aug .
1 .
Local colleges expect more than 1,300 veterans to enroll in the next year to 18 months , college officials said .
They 're preparing for the influx with special programs , mentoring and tutoring opportunities and even study lounges to help ease the transition to civilian and student life .
At Le Moyne College , an institution founded in 1946 partly in response to the original GI Bill of Rights , Daniel Bartlett is fielding four to five calls a day and emailing with soon - to - be veterans still stationed in Iraq .
The assistant director of continuing education said this semester 10 to 15 students took advantage of the new GI provisions .
Onondaga Community College , which averages about 220 veterans a semester , has received 100 more inquiries from veterans .
And Syracuse University already has about 30 students in the pipeline to take advantage of the new benefits .
University College 's Peg Stearns said a bigger increase is expected in the coming years , as more troops return from Iraq and Afghanistan .
The activity is new for some private colleges , whose tuition was cost prohibitive under the benefits offered under versions GI Bill .
The new benefits include tuition assistance , a housing allowance , a stipend for books and supplies , and the option to transfer benefits to family members .
Many of SU 's new students are in their 20s , but others have decades of service under their belts , Stearns said .
She 's also working with two students who are using benefits transferred from a family member -- one of the new provisions of the Post - 9/11 GI Bill .
" It 's nice to see it happening , " she said .
" The nation is really stepping up . "
Chavez , a Colorado native , was stationed at Fort Drum after joining the Army at age 22 .
He rose in the ranks , achieving the status of sergeant in three years .
But after his third deployment in as many years , Chavez decided to leave the military for civilian life , which now includes a home in Liverpool with wife , Rebecca , and their 1 - year - old son , Victor Michael .
" It totals up to a lot of time being away , " he said .
" I did n't want to be gone every other year , to have to leave my family . "
He is working toward a career in primary and special education .
Chavez said sitting in a classroom is " pretty easy " compared to his life in the military .
He said his first deployment , a seven - month tour of Afghanistan in 2003 , was relatively " low - key . "
After a year stateside , he was deployed to Iraq in June 2005 , where he was shot at for the first time .
He described his third tour , in which he was stationed in a village and his return was delayed , as " horrible . "
" These are students that are extremely responsible , with character and integrity who see things through to completion , " said Le Moyne 's Bartlett .
" That 's the quality they bring to the classroom . "
To make higher education even more affordable , Syracuse University and Le Moyne College have joined the government 's Yellow Ribbon Education Enhancement Program , which helps cover any gaps between the education benefits under the new GI Bill .
The schools entered into agreements to split the difference with the Veterans Administration so that students who have served at least 36 months on or after Sept. 11 , 2001 will have no out - of - pocket expenses .
When the program was announced , Syracuse University officials estimated that they hoped to assist as many as 132 qualifying veterans or their dependents during the initial year of the program .
" It 's a simple statement to the veterans : ' Welcome home , ' " Bartlett said .
With government agencies predicting weeks of backlog processing paperwork , some local schools are stepping in to make sure veterans can start their classes on time .
At Le Moyne College , the bursar 's office is setting up payment plans to help veterans defer any out - of - pocket expenses until their benefits are approved .
" We want them here , " Bartlett said .
" We are trying to take down as many roadblocks to help them come here . "
Syracuse University officials are also hoping to be more veteran - friendly by reviewing and updating payment policies that allow veterans to defer tuition payment while awaiting payment from the VA .
SU recently launched a new Website for SALUTE , the Syracuse University Veterans ' Resource Center .
Syracuse University officials are creating a designated lounge that will be staffed with veterans receiving work study payments and stocked with couches , a microwave , television and coffee .
" They get each other in a way that civilians really can't , " Stearns said .
" They can communicate with one another in a way I can 't . "
Officials at Onondaga Community College have a similar plan for study and lounge areas that are visible and accessible to veterans and their families .
" That sense of community is very important , " said Stephanie Reynolds , who oversees veteran services at OCC .
The college is planning to have an open house in November so veterans and their families can learn more about local offerings .
State University College at Oswego this year will beef up counseling , medical and other services it provides to student veterans .
The college probably wo n't see any significant increase in veteran enrollment until the 2010 fall semester , said Mark Humbert , the college 's director of financial aid and veteran services .
" This is one heck of a deal for these guys , " Humbert said .
The new GI Bill will likely result in more veterans taking courses at Cayuga Community College in Auburn , said Pam Freeman , college spokeswoman .
" Anticipating more of an influx of veterans , we 'll be looking at ways we can tailor our programs and services to fit their needs , " Freeman said .
" Some of those might include online courses and online - classroom hybrids to accommodate work and family schedules , staffing up courses and programs of interest , and academic support through tutoring and study sessions . "
Officials at Onondaga County Community College are currently conducting surveys of existing veterans , families and faculty members to see what services are needed .
" We will be working with this population for years , as we continue to find our presence needed in Afghanistan and Iraq , " Reynolds said .
" This bill will help them reengage with civilian life . "
-- Alaina Potrikus can be reached at 470- 3252 or apotrikus@syracuse.com .
Staff writer John Doherty contributed to this report .
Arsène Wenger has always been a believer in footballers who emerged out of Africa .
With Emmanuel Eboué widely expected to follow Emmanuel Adebayor and Kolo Touré out of the Emirates this summer , there appears to be more to Arsenal 's sales than a welcome windfall , not to mention the obvious convenience of knowing his squad will not be overly disrupted by the African Cup of Nations .
Wenger is an expert at selling players he wants to offload at a time that suits him , even if the players feel like they are the ones getting what they want .
There is something ruthlessly strategic about his willingness to do business on Adebayor , Touré , and in all probability Eboué , who capered through a half of Arsenal 's 2 - 1 win over Atletico Madrid .
In one fell swoop , it diffuses the three major areas of conflict within the camp .
The tension between Adebayor and Nicklas Bendtner has never been particularly helpful .
Then there is the mutual appreciation society involving Touré and William Gallas , which manifested itself in a winter crisis that saw the Frenchman stripped of the captaincy and the Ivorian slapping in a transfer request .
Eboué 's discord is rather more general , considering he managed to alienate the club 's fans , who turned on him last term .
Adebayor , Touré and Eboué led a clique inside the dressing room , with Alexandre Song the junior partner .
It is natural that men from a similar cultural background should connect and spend time in each other 's company , but at times the group seemed a little too exclusive for comfort .
Song , easily the most improved performer at the club last season , is not seen as expendable by Wenger , but he is likely to be the only survivor .
Dealing with the situation so firmly is not ideal for a man who has always been a big supporter of African football , and has had a number of outstanding professionals from the continent under his wing – from George Weah , the striker he helped to become the World Player of the Year , to the three members of 2004 unbeaten champions – Patrick Vieira , Lauren and Touré , who was a dependable servant of Arsenal until he contracted malaria and visibly lost some of his usual sharpness .
Wenger is being predictably coy about what the funds he has generated will be used on , although he is pretty firm that it would not go on any attackers .
There is no doubt that the squad is top heavy , with more quality and quantity in offensive than defensive positions .
The most punchy of them all here was Andrey Arshavin , who seized upon two late chances with impudence to win the game , and demonstrated why class is worth every penny .
" He has what you can't give to a player , he understands when there is danger , " said Wenger .
So , too , did the youngest player on the pitch , Jack Wilshere , whose every touch was greeted with unabashed excitement from the Emirates crowd .
Having seen
Wilshere beef up over the summer , Wenger confirmed the boy is ready to start some games this term .
" He is 17 years old , but has matured enough to compete already , " assessed Wenger .
" He has more power to take people on . "
On the subject of more experienced heads , Wenger insisted that what signings he does make will happen sooner rather than later , which is saying something for the master of the deadline - day deal .
Unless there are any " accidents " he intends to have his squad completed , and tuned , for the first game of the season .
The importance of a strong start is not lost on anyone .
" We have Man United , Everton and Man City away in the first four games , " Wenger smiled .
" The team is conscious of a difficult start , but very determined to do well . "
With that in mind , the question of whether a man of Vieira 's stature would be present is moot .
One thing is certain .
The two men know each other so well that all it takes is a phone call to establish two essential home truths :
Wenger needs to be sure that Vieira 's knee can withstand enough Premier League football to make it worthwhile .
And Vieira needs to be sure he will see enough action to go to the World Cup as France 's captain .
But the " psychological impact " , as Wenger described it , of such a signing is a win-win .
He cannot always rely on the impudence of Arshavin .
A senior Texas judge who refused to hear a last - minute appeal from a prisoner facing execution because her office " closed at five " was herself put on trial today in one of the most high - profile cases of alleged judicial misconduct in the state 's history .
Sharon Keller , dubbed Sharon Killer by her detractors , was the subject of a hearing at the Texas commission on judicial conduct that could ultimately see her removed from the bench .
The case relates to her handling of the imminent execution of a convicted rapist and murderer , Michael Richard , on 25 September 2007 .
That morning the US supreme court had cast doubt on the constitutionality of using lethal injection - the form of death administered by Texas - by agreeing to rule on whether it amounted to cruel and unusual punishment .
Lawyers for Richard raced to file an appeal that would put a stay on his execution , which was due to take place that evening , but they were delayed by computer glitches .
They contacted Keller , who by then had gone home to deal with a worker doing repairs to her house .
When , at 4.45 pm , they requested a postponement of the execution , her reply was : " We close at five . "
At 8.23 pm Richard was put to death .
The apparently callous handling of the case led to a storm of protest and headlines around the world .
Keller later claimed that she had been unaware of the lawyers ' technical problems .
Keller faces charges including denying the rights of a condemned man .
She is the highest - ranking judge to face misconduct proceedings .
A Republican , she has a reputation for her tough approach to justice in a state known already for its hard line on crime .
In 1998 she ruled in a case involving a man with learning difficulties , denying him a retrial despite DNA evidence that appeared to prove his innocence .
Article Index Developing with PHP and Eclipse ( Galileo ) Importing the site Running and debugging Page 1 of 3
Find out how to make PHP development easy using Eclipse and how to set up local and remote debugging .
This article refers to the 2009 release of Eclipse .
For the more recent versions see : Developing with PHP and Eclipse ( Helios ) Developing with PHP and Eclipse ( Indigo )
I know many of us have struggled with coding PHP the hard way using nothing more than an editor and a development installation of the web site - or even worse the live production site .
Part of the reason is probably that the task of setting up a full development environment complete with debugger for PHP seems to be difficult and all the more so if you have an existing and complex PHP website that you would like to take control of .
In my case the website is a PHP Joomla based site and this provides me with a lot of code that I have never looked at and little really good documentation to tell me how things work .
I 've tried working with it with and without Eclipse PHP and all I can say is that the effort in setting Eclipse up was well worth it in terms both of efficiency and in having confidence .
You could say that without Eclipse I was flying blind .
With it - I can tackle anything .
So if you have a PHP website or are about to start one - do n't hesitate to download the latest Eclipse PHP and do it the logical way .
If you are a beginner to PHP more help can be found in Beginning PHP with Eclipse .
Configuration Eclipse does n't have an installation program - it is as close to copy - and - run as it gets .
You simply download the program , decompress it to a suitable folder and run the main program .
You can install multiple copies of Eclipse and run them without worrying about the interactions with the operating system .
You can also use Eclipse PHP in a remote debugging configuration .
That is , you can set up a web server with the website installed and then work with the website from a copy of Eclipse installed on another machine .
The range of possible configurations of machines , operating systems and web servers is too big to cover them all so I 'm going to focus on using a remote server running Linux / Apache / PHP / MySQL and a development system installed on a local client running Windows ( Vista ) .
Other configurations follow the same general steps .
In my case the remote server is also a virtual machine and the website is Joomla based ( as you can probably guess , it ’s the I Programmer website itself ) .
I am assuming that the development web server is set up and working and you can browse it as if it was the production website - if any reader thinks that a tutorial on the methods of creating a development site and synchronisation with a production site would make a good topic just email me - Ian.Elliot@i-programmer.info .
If the development website is n't working then do n't move on to trying to use Eclipse just yet .
Get Eclipse Eclipse is a modular system and while it does n't need anything by way of installation it certainly does need work when it comes to configuration .
You can spend a lot of time downloading and configuring modules and tracking down missing dependencies .
The simplest solution , and the best way to get started , is to download an all - in - one compressed package that is guaranteed to have all the modules .
The place to start from is the main Eclipse site : http://www.eclipse.org/
and you will find all of the downloads at http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/
The one you need for PHP development is Eclipse for PHP Developers .
Once you have the file eclipse - php - galileo - win32.zip unzip it into a suitable directory .
It does n't really matter where but \ Program Files \Eclipse is a reasonable choice .
To make running the application easier drag the file eclipse.exe to the toolbar or start menu .
You do n't have to because you can simply run the file in place but it makes things easier to have a shortcut .
< ASIN:3897215187@GE > < ASIN:0596100655 > < ASIN:0596007108 > < ASIN:0975240218 > < ASIN:1930110960 >
< ASIN : B00289P4IO@UK >
On Monday , having investigated five private schools in the North West to discover what benefits they were giving to the public in return for charitable status , the commission “ failed ” two of them .
Two small prep schools were told they would lose their status in a year ’s time unless they gave out more bursaries .
The viciousness and hypocrisy of this are breathtaking .
The people who run these schools are , I am sure , not getting fat and rich on their tax breaks .
I know many in the world of private education , and none fits that description .
If they are giving few bursaries it is because they lack the means to do so .
They can attempt to give more only by putting up their fees , which would probably put them out of business .
And as for the hypocrisy : why should leftists want more children to attend private schools , when they hate these institutions so much ?
For years , they have boasted of the health benefits of their leafy diets , but now vegetarians have the proof that has so far eluded them : when it comes to cancer risks , they have the edge on carnivores .
Fresh evidence from the largest study to date to investigate dietary habits and cancer has concluded that vegetarians are less likely to develop cancer of the blood than meat eaters and are less likely to develop cancer overall .
Scientists said that while links between stomach cancer and eating meat had already been reported , they had uncovered a " striking difference " in the risk of blood cancers including leukaemia , multiple myeloma and non-Hodgkin lymphoma between the groups .
The study looked at vegetarians , fish eaters and people who ate meat .
Co-author Naomi Allen , from the Cancer Research UK epidemiology unit at Oxford University , said : " Previous research has found that processed meat may increase the risk of stomach cancer , so our findings that vegetarians and fish eaters are at lower risk is plausible .
But we do not know why cancer of the blood is lower in vegetarians . "
She said the differences in cancer risks were independent of other lifestyle factors including smoking , alcohol intake and obesity .
However , Allen urged caution over the interpretation of the findings .
" It is a significant difference , but we should be a bit cautious since it is the first study showing that the risk of cancer of the blood is lower in vegetarians .
We need to know what aspect of a fish and vegetarian diet is protecting against cancer .
Is it the higher fibre intake , higher intake of fruit and vegetables , is it just meat per se ? "
The study also reported that the total cancer incidence was significantly lower among both the fish eaters and the vegetarians compared with meat eaters .
The study , published in the British Journal of Cancer , is part of a long - term international study , the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition ( Epic ) .
Today 's findings were based on a study of 61,566 people who scientists followed over 12 years .
During this time , it was found that 6.8 % of meat eaters ( 2,204 of 32,403 ) , 4.0 % of vegetarians ( 829 of 20,601 ) and 3.7 % of people who ate fish but no meat ( 317 of 8,562 ) were diagnosed with cancer .
They found that 180 meat eaters developed blood cancers , while 49 vegetarians developed the diseases and 28 fish eaters .
They found the risk of being diagnosed with cancers of the stomach , bladder and blood was significantly lower in vegetarians than in meat eaters but , in contrast to earlier work , they found the rate of bowel cancer was slightly higher among vegetarians than meat eaters .
A spokesman for BPEX , the British pig executive , questioned the methodology of the study : " We are unable to take a view on this because there is mixed evidence based on the compounding factors to do with lifestyle that come into it . "
Richard Lowe , the chief executive of Eblex , the English beef and lamb executive , said : " We think that the link between diet and cancer is complex and as scientists themselves say , more research is needed to see how big a part diet plays . "
The Oxford research is the latest in a series of reports to discourage too much meat in the diet .
Last year , Dr Rajendra Pachauri , chair of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change – which last year earned a share of the Nobel peace prize – urged giving up meat at least once a week as a way of combating global warming .
The UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation has estimated that meat production accounts for nearly a fifth of global greenhouse gas emissions .
Two years ago , the World Cancer Research Fund found a link between red and processed meat and bowel cancer and recommended that the average amount of meat eaten should be no more than 300g a week .
In Britain , the current meat intake is about 970g a week for men and about 550g a week for women .
In 2005 , the Epic study , funded by the Medical Research Council , Cancer Research UK and the International Agency for Research on Cancer , concluded that eating just two portions of red meat a day – the equivalent of a bacon sandwich and a fillet steak – increased the risk of bowel cancer by 35 % .
It found that eating fibre , in the form of vegetables , fruit and wholegrain cereals , lessened the risk of cancer and that fish , eaten at least every other day , was also protective .
Annette Pinner , chief executive of the Vegetarian Society , said : " It is widely recognised that a third of cancers are directly related to diet and what 's interesting in this study is the findings on blood cancers .
We would n't claim vegetarianism is a panacea for cancer but it is a step in the right direction . "
• This article was amended on 12 October 2011 to correct figures from the study .
The original said the study concluded " that vegetarians are 45 % less likely to develop cancer of the blood than meat eaters and are 12 % less likely to develop cancer overall " .
The article also originally said : " Today 's findings were based on a study of 61,000 people who scientists followed over 12 years .
During this time , 3,350 participants were diagnosed with cancer .
Of those , 68 % ( 2,204 ) were meat eaters , 24 % ( 800 ) were vegetarians and 9.5 % ( 300 ) ate fish but no meat . "
This has been corrected .
The Internet is abuzz with news about the construction of internment camps all across America .
Of course , " mainstream " media outlets refuse to touch the subject ; or if they do , they pooh - pooh the story ; they do what Glenn Beck recently did : try to debunk the story as fallacious and impugn people who speak of it as " conspiracy nuts . "
The fact that the Becks , Hannitys , Limbaughs , and O’Reillys of the media circus refuse to deal with the construction of large numbers of internment camps does not make them disappear , however .
For starters , all anyone need do to begin a serious investigation of the subject of internment camps is Google the phrase " FEMA Camps . "
There is more than enough evidence in that search engine alone to keep one busy with some in - depth private investigation of the subject for quite a while .
Another URL to check out is this one from the June 2009 Idaho Observer .
As people read my columns all across America , I have had numerous readers contact me , saying that they have personally witnessed the transportation of construction materials used for internment camps , have actually worked in and around them , or have personally seen such camps .
These eyewitness testimonies have come from very credible people , including law enforcement and military personnel , as well as airline pilots and construction workers .
CONSTITUTION IN EXILE , ... Andrew P. Napolitano Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 3.93 ( as of 04:40 EST - Details )
Just a few weeks ago , I was aboard a cross-country flight when the passenger I was sitting next to ( a total stranger ) asked me to take a look out the window .
He asked , " Do those look like internment camps to you ? "
I was astonished that the man ( 1 ) would even know to notice such a potentiality , and ( 2 ) would be so bold as to ask such a question of a total stranger .
I must say , I was extremely happy to make his acquaintance .
And we had a very warm and invigorating discussion the rest of the trip .
We were flying over Colorado , over extreme wilderness terrain , and , yes , right in the middle of nowhere , the buildings and surrounding features that I saw sure looked like internment camps to me .
Of course , flying at over 30,000 feet in the sky makes it difficult for any kind of detailed analysis to take place ; that is for sure .
Then , a friend recently brought this URL to my attention .
This is an advertisement by the National Guard promoting the Military Occupational Specialty ( MOS ) of " Internment / Resettlement Specialist . "
Question : why does the National Guard need to recruit Internment / Resettlement Specialists ?
What do they know that we should know ?
Furthermore , I have had military personnel tell me that many of the US military bases that have been recently " closed " are also being prepared as large - scale " holding areas . "
Read the rest of the article
August 13 , 2009
The Best of Chuck Baldwin
Created by bagwell on 2009 - 03 - 04 .
Updated : 2009-03-04 , 14:21
ScalaTest Version 0.9.5 has been released by Bill Venners and is now available from Artima .
This release has major enhancements including a matchers DSL and a much slicker user interface to speed up the test development work .
ScalaTest is a free , open - source source testing tool for Java and Scala programmers .
It facilitates the easy creation and insertion of test cases for Java and Scala programs .
You can find more out about it here .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Wednesday called time on the country ’s vodka tipplers , saying alcoholism had become a “ national disaster . ”
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Medvedev said measures aimed at reducing binge drinking had not reduced alcoholism in Russia , where downing vast amounts of vodka at one sitting is an integral part of national culture .
“ If I speak openly , I think that one cannot speak of any change , nothing has changed , ” Medvedev told a meeting of senior officials in the Black Sea resort of Sochi , according to a copy of his remarks supplied by the Kremlin .
“ Alcoholism in our country is a national disaster . ”
Medvedev said he was shocked by official data showing the average Russian drank 18 liters ( 38 pints ) of pure alcohol each year .
“ When you convert that into vodka bottles , it is simply mind - boggling , ” Medvedev said .
Doctors believe alcohol related diseases cause around half of all deaths of Russians between the ages of 15 and 54 , a key factor in dire demographic forecasts used in long - term economic growth models .
Just 40 percent of this year ’s Russian school leavers are likely to live to the pension age of 55 - 60 , according to World Health Organization figures quoted by Health Minister Tatyana Golikova .
Russia ’s rulers have had a love - hate relationship with vodka for decades : happy with the vast revenues that vodka sales bring but concerned by the social and health problems it leaves behind .
“ This is a centuries old problem and one cannot hope to solve it overnight , ” Medvedev said .
Golikova said Russia needed a new campaign against alcoholism and appeared to praise Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev ’s drive to reduce drinking in the mid-1980s .
“ We are the absolute ( world ) leader in terms of alcohol consumption , ” said Golikova .
“ No matter how one views the 1985 - 1990 anti-alcohol campaign and the mistakes that were made ... the campaign did lead to a serious drop in death rates , especially among men , and it saved the lives of one million people over five years , ” she said .
Gorbachev ’s opponents said his campaign led to a boom in illegal production of low - quality alcohol .
Russian officials say about 30 - 50 percent of Russia ’s vodka market is illegal and untaxed .
Many officials say a state vodka monopoly would bring order to the market and make it easier to control .
Stephen Sniegoski
Infowars
August 23 , 2009
It appears that most liberal opponents of the wars in the Middle East / Central Asia have ceased their opposition with the Obama presidency .
The liberal Democrats who abhorred Bush ’s war policy ( and most grass roots liberal Democrats did vehemently oppose the Bush war policy although this was not always the case with liberal politicians and media figures ) apparently were simply opposed to wars led by Republicans .
As Byron York , a conservative , writes in the first article below : “ For many liberal activists , opposing the war was really about opposing George W. Bush .
When Bush disappeared , so did their anti-war passion . ”
Anti-war protest leader , Cindy Sheehan , agrees completely , stating : “ The ‘ anti - war ’ ‘ left ’ was used by the Democratic Party .
I like to call it the ‘ anti- Republican War ’ movement . ”
Obama is perceived as a liberal , a man of peace , and a charismatic figure , which enables him to get away with things that had been impossible for Bush the Younger .
[ efoods ]
Thus Obama can say such things as the war in Afghanistan is “ fundamental to the defense of our people ” and not be savaged by the former critics of the war .
This is not to say that the former anti-war people have become cheerleaders for war .
Rather , they have become largely indifferent to it .
Their attention has been largely diverted to the health care issue , the economy , the environment , or some other liberal cause .
This political indifference has given Obama a virtual freehand in military policy .
The most dangerous possible development is war with Iran , which is sought by Israel and its Lobby .
Escalating American involvement in Afghanistan along with the continued American occupation of Iraq allows for incidents with Iran ( or incidents blamed on Iran ) that could lead to war .
If Obama keeps sagging in the polls–due to the health care reform issue , a continuing problematic economy , and other domestic difficulties – an aggressive foreign policy might likely be seen as a necessary political ploy .
Even if war is not the deliberate goal , an aggressive policy , such as a naval blockade of Iran to enforce an embargo of various supplies ( proposed in Congress in 2008 ) , certainly brings a high risk of all - out war .
The liberal Obama would seem to better able to expand the wars than the conservative Bush .
As Justin Raimondo has written : “ it occurs to me that only Barack Obama , who won the White House in large part due to his opposition to the Iraq war , could take us to war with Iran , and rally liberals and much of the left behind it . ”
http://original.antiwar.com/justin/2009/07/16/obamas-war-signals/
This represents the Nixon - goes - to - China analogy .
Just as Nixon with his anti-Communist bona fides had more political leeway to negotiate with Communist China than a liberal Democrat , the liberal man of peace Obama is better positioned politically to expand the wars in the Middle East / Central Asia than Bush the Younger , who was perceived as a warmonger .
( To counter this argument , it might be pointed out that liberal Democrats did attack Lyndon Johnson over Vietnam .
However , despite Johnson ’s success in pushing through liberal domestic legislation , he was never the darling of American liberals and certainly did not have the charismatic appeal of Obama . )
This scenario will not fully come to pass until Obama actually involves the US in war with Iran .
But while a war with Iran is certainly politically feasible , the question is whether Obama would actually take such an option since the national security and foreign policy elites outside the orbit of the Israel Lobby are against such a risky venture .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
20 Mind Blowing Warcraft Digital Artworks and Illustrations Gathered from Deviant Art
All Artworks are gathered from Deviant Art , and all artists are properly linked back to their profiles and artworks
To go to artist ’s Profile click on their name , to go to the artwork click on artwork name and to see Full View of artwork click on it .
Australian magpies are notorious for a habit that can cause injury and distress to humans - swooping .
Magpies swoop to protect their territory when they feel their nests are threatened during nesting season , but this action can result in skin and eye injuries .
Though it is rare for a magpie to actually make contact , a swooping magpie can cause bicycles accidents , resulting in injury to yourself or others .
Therefore , it 's important for you to take precautions around these birds and leave them to their nesting as much as possible .
Along with polar icecaps and sandy beaches , sheep on a remote Scottish island are gradually shrinking as a result of global warming , according to a study published today in the journal Science .
The finding offers unusual proof that large animals are already evolving to adapt to changes wrought by climate change , experts said .
The average weight of sheep in the feral flock has been falling nearly 3 ounces per year since 1985 , the researchers reported .
The cumulative effect has been a 5 % reduction in total body size .
That trend had puzzled scientists because they knew that evolution clearly favored larger sheep that are better equipped to survive the harsh winters of Hirta , a rocky outpost more than 100 miles west of mainland Scotland .
Now , using a sophisticated mathematical model , British and American researchers have concluded that warming temperatures have made it easier for scrawnier sheep to survive , thus reducing the average size of animals in the herd .
“ Environmental change is having a substantial influence on the population , ” said Arpat Ozgul , a postdoctoral research associate at Imperial College London and lead author of the report .
That influence appears to have played out in a surprisingly intricate and counterintuitive manner , said UC San Diego biologist Kaustuv Roy , who was n’t involved in the study .
For example , milder winters have helped the overall herd grow larger even as the average size of animals got smaller .
“ Most of the thinking about how climate is going to affect species is fairly simplistic , ” Roy said .
“ These dynamics are fairly complex .
We ’re going to have to sort out some of these details if we ’re ever going to make predictions about how individual species are going to respond to warming . ”
Scientists have long been interested in the relationship between climate and body size .
German biologist Christian Bergmann observed in 1847 that as members of a species migrate to higher latitudes with colder temperatures , their body size tends to increase .
He speculated that larger bodies helped animals conserve heat by reducing their surface area relative to their volume .
More recently , Roy and others have proposed that the same mechanism could prompt body sizes to shrink when animals stay put but the climate around them gets warmer .
The Soay sheep of Hirta presented an opportunity to test that theory .
The brown sheep , named for their home island of Soay , were transported to the nearby isle of Hirta in 1932 , two years after the last of its human inhabitants abandoned it .
In the 1980s , scientists returned to study the flock ’s descendants .
They visit at least once a year to conduct a census and take measurements .
“ It ’s like an outside laboratory , ” Ozgul said .
For the new study , Ozgul and his colleagues analyzed a plethora of data , including the number of lambs born each year since 1985 , the age of ewes giving birth and the survival rates of sheep at different ages .
The team included body - weight measurements and the length of the hind leg to see whether the sheep were just thinner or actually smaller overall .
To measure the effect of climate , the researchers also incorporated the North Atlantic Oscillation index , which affects the strength of westerly winds in Europe and determines whether winters will be wet and mild or cold and dry .
All of these terms were plugged into a mathematical formula that allowed them to measure the individual components that contributed to the change in sheep body size .
As expected , the researchers found that evolutionary pressure pushed the sheep to grow bigger .
But that was offset by another , unexpected factor : Lambs born to yearling ewes instead of fully grown sheep weighed less at birth than their mothers did and remained smaller throughout their lifetimes .
Still , the “ young mum effect ” was n’t enough to account for the decrease in sheep size .
When the researchers added in the effect of changing environmental conditions , “ you get just about the exact rate of decline that we ’ve seen , ” said study coauthor Shripad Tuljapurkar , a biology professor at Stanford .
The researchers found that , on average , 1 - year - old sheep now weigh 3.3 ounces less than they did in 1985 .
They attributed the decline to shorter , milder winters that allowed grass to grow later into the year .
As a result , sheep can make it through the coldest months with fewer fat reserves , so more lambs born to young mothers survive in spite of their small size .
karen.kaplan@latimes.com
By James Alexander
BBC News
Hives full of bees can be worth thousands of pounds
The British countryside is being menaced by a new type of criminal - bee rustlers .
Beekeepers say the increasing shortage of bees and the rising price of honey have made hives , complete with their inhabitants , a target for thieves .
They say thefts have been reported at bee farms across a wide area - from the New Forest in Hampshire to Whitby in North Yorkshire .
Because specialist knowledge is required to move and keep bees , experts believe that in some cases rival keepers may even be to blame .
' Heartbreaking '
The biggest theft so far happened at a strawberry farm near Telford in Shropshire , where 18 hives containing about a million bees used to pollinate the strawberry crop were stolen .
Police are investigating but there is nothing to suggest local rivalries are to blame in this case .
The theft came as a shock to the bees ' owner Richard Lindsey .
It 's easy to make jokes about because bees seem fun and it does n't seem that important , but this is our livelihood and it's devastating
Marieanne Lindsey , beekeeper " I could n't believe it , " he says .
" The apiary was cleared out .
There was nothing left except the stands the boxes stood on . "
Mr Lindsey estimates the haul could be worth up to £ 6,000 on the black market .
" You just never expect something like this to happen .
You hear about sheep rustling and cattle rustling , but you never think in your wildest dreams that bees could be targeted , " he says .
He runs the Great Little Honey Company with his wife , Marieanne , who says it was " heartbreaking " to discover so many hives had been stolen .
" Beekeeping 's not an easy job even at the best of times , " she says .
" It 's been a real struggle in the past few years with the decline in bees generally .
Really , this is the last thing we need . "
' Planning required '
The collapse in bee colonies in recent years has been rapid and steep .
The British Beekeepers ' Association says the bee population fell by nearly a third between 2007 and 2008 .
Disease , wet summers and certain pesticides have all been blamed for the fall in numbers , but no definitive cause has yet been found .
Richard and Marieanne Lindsey lost 18 hives to thieves
The shortage of bees means those that survive are all the more valuable , according to John Howat , of the Bee Farmers ' Association .
He is convinced some of those behind recent thefts must have insider knowledge .
" It 's got to be someone who knows what they 're doing , " he explains .
" It 's not the sort of thing the average hoodie might do on a whim .
You 've got to plan it . "
He says the culprits would need protective gear to avoid getting stung and would also need to know how to handle and move bees .
" I always thought we beekeepers were an honest crowd of people , but I suppose in every activity you get a rogue element . "
Although there are no exact figures available , the government 's National Bee Unit - set up to protect the honeybee in England and Wales - says it is " aware " of an increase in thefts .
Satellite tracking
It advises keepers to brand wooden hives with their name and address and to keep bees out of sight where possible .
A spokesman says : " It 's always going to be difficult to keep a constant watch on an apiary , but there are practical steps beekeepers can take to reduce the opportunity for theft and increase the chance of recovering stolen equipment . "
The Lindseys are already taking steps to protect their remaining hives .
They are considering installing satellite tracking devices so the hives ' whereabouts can be traced should any be stolen in the future .
Mrs Lindsey feels the police and the authorities need to take the problem more seriously .
" It 's easy to make jokes about because bees seem fun and it does n't seem that important , but this is our livelihood and it 's devastating . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
news , latest - news
A 24 - year - old Gwynneville woman will face court again next month after she was charged with murdering her own baby .
Police said concerned relatives had contacted emergency services , who found the 17 - month - old baby girl at a Gwynneville home on July 23 .
A post - mortem was conducted on the the child last month , and the mother was charged yesterday morning with her murder .
The woman , who cannot be identified for legal reasons , appeared briefly in Wollongong Local Court yesterday .
Details about how the woman 's daughter died were not provided to the court .
Several members of the woman 's family , some visibly distressed , were in the court gallery to support the woman .
She did not apply for bail and will be held on remand until her next appearance on September 23 .
Magistrate Paul Johnson ordered a brief of evidence to be served by the woman 's next court date .
FOR THE RECORD ( Aug. 20 , 1:15 PM ) :
An earlier version of this post incorrectly identified some creditors of the Halcyon Co .
In fact , some of the companies and individuals listed on the “ master mailing list of creditors ” in a bankruptcy filing are not creditors .
According to a spokesperson for the Halcyon Co. , the following are not amongst its creditors : Christian Bale , Franchise Tax Board , GRIN , Paul Haggis , Internal Revenue Service , Latham & Watkins , Dan Lin , McG , Mario Kassar Productions , Metro- Goldwyn - Mayer Studios , Motion Picture Assn. of America , Bahman Naraghi , Randy Paul , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Sony Pictures Entertainment , Sitrick and Co. , Universal Studios , Warner Bros .
Pictures , and Ziffren , Brittenham , Branca and Fischer
---
Three companies belonging to Derek Anderson and Victor Kubicek , owners of the " Terminator " franchise rights and producers of May 's " Terminator Salvation , " have filed for bankruptcy just a day after the duo sued their investors for allegedly pushing them into a series of bad business decisions and placing what they claim is an illegal lien on their property .
Even though the movie has sold a healthy $ 370 million worth of tickets around the world and has yet to be released on DVD and in other post - theatrical markets , Anderson and Kubicek were unable to make a payment demanded by Santa Barbara hedge fund Pacificor , which financed their $ 30 - million purchase of the " Terminator " rights and loaned $ 9 million for other operating expenses .
Anderson and Kubicek have had several legal disputes with former business associates in their short careers as film producers , as reported by the Times in May .
Those owed the most money include a number of top industry law firms such as Greenberg Traurig ( $ 437,618.61 ) ; Glaser , Weil , Fink , Jacobs , Howard , & Shapiro ( $ 120,672.89 ) and O'Melveny & Myers ( $ 96,565.86 ) .
They also owe $ 25,000 to C2 Pictures , the production company controlled by previous " Terminator " owners Mario Kassar and Andrew Vajna .
In addition , one British individual is owed $ 3.5 million .
There is no reason given for any of the debts .
The three companies each list estimated assets and liabilities totaling between $ 10 million and $ 50 million .
-- Ben Fritz
Update ( Aug. 20 , 1:15 PM ) :
For more , see the story in today 's Times .
Related :
" Terminator Salvation " producers sue investors , could lose franchise rights
On the way to " Terminator Salvation , " legal sparks fly
Photo : A scene from " Terminator Salvation . "
Credit : Warner Bros .
ANCHORAGE , Alaska — A 34 - year - old man is in custody after authorities say he gave a teller his account number and showed her his picture ID before robbing an Anchorage bank .
The FBI says Jarell Paul Arnold of Anchorage is being held on federal bank robbery charges .
The FBI alleges Arnold walked into an Alaska USA Federal Credit Union branch Friday and inquired about the balance on his account .
The teller asked for his name , account number and ID .
Authorities say he complied , and then handed over a receipt with a note on the back that said he had a gun and demanded money .
The FBI says he got away with about $ 600 .
Authorities arrested Arnold on Monday .
A message left after business hours Wednesday with Arnold 's public defender , Michael Dieni , was not immediately returned .
Court records say Arnold was sentenced to 57 months in prison for bank robbery in 2004 .
------
Information from : Anchorage Daily News , http://www.adn.com
© Copyright 2009 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
By Robert Pigott
BBC Religious Affairs Correspondent
Sister Kathy Stein , right , helps run a shelter for the homeless
When the Vatican began an inquiry seven months ago into the " soundness " of American nuns , it adopted a discreet approach .
But as details have emerged about the investigation into the beliefs held by nuns - and of the way they worship - the disquiet and irritation felt in religious communities has started to spill into the public arena .
A working paper delivered recently by the Vatican to the leaders of American nuns was interpreted by many as a sign that the hierarchy in Rome is worried about a liberal drift among them .
The sisters are increasingly anxious about what that might mean .
Nuns once worked mainly in Roman Catholic schools and hospitals , but since the sweeping reforms of the Second Vatican Council in the late 1960s they have decided for themselves how best to do good in the world .
Sister Kathy Stein , of the Sisters of St Joseph of Carondelet , is executive director of Thomas House , a shelter for homeless families in Garden Grove in Orange County , California .
Thomas House , with its 16 apartments in a secure compound , its language and parenting classes , its food bank and its activities for children , is a secular organisation with no formal link to the Church .
Sister Kathy has never worn a habit , and moved out of the convent long ago to live among the people she serves .
But she says the Church need have no worry about the way she meets her religious calling .
That would have been unheard of in the early days for a group of nuns to be working in a home for alcoholic men , it was n't acceptable
Annette Ciketic
" I would see it as a reason for hope that our message of love and respect and concern for people is expanding beyond the walls of a Catholic institution ... that we are able to bring God 's word to people by who we are and how we minister to them , " she said .
Manuela Aguilar and her daughter , Terri , say they would have been living in their car had there not been space for them at Thomas House .
She is glad the shelter is not linked with the Church , and would not want to see Sister Kathy wearing a habit , or living in a distant convent .
" Sister Kathy does splendidly well as she is , acting as a Good Samaritan out in the community running this organisation and not being stuck in a convent , " she said .
But senior figures in the Vatican are concerned that as nuns respond to the changing needs of US society , some have become too liberal .
Recent guidance about the investigation - known as the " apostolic visitation " - reveals questions about whether nuns take part in daily mass , and " the soundness of doctrine held and taught " by them .
Sensitive issues Traditionalists have long been concerned that some sisters might be flouting Church teaching on sensitive issues such as homosexuality and the ordination of women as priests .
The investigation will also ask for a description of " the process for responding to sisters who dissent publicly or privately from the authoritative teaching of the Church " .
The process has been welcomed by some more conservative orders .
Helen Hull Hitchcock , of Women for Faith and Family , said the inquiry into the claim by some nuns to " complete self - determination " independently of the Church hierarchy , was decades overdue .
But Francine Cardman , an academic at the School of Theology and Ministry at Boston College , claimed that the investigation was an attempt to establish an official interpretation of the teaching of the Second Vatican Council .
She warned that nuns had in the past frequently been restricted as to what kind of work they could do , or even " returned to the confines of the cloister " .
Sister Mary Mackay says the Vatican should n't impose its views Sister Kathy 's Mother Superior , Sister Mary Mackay , oversees 360 nuns , all but 90 of them living and working in a wide range of jobs in the community .
Sister Mary says the Vatican hierarchy inhabits a very different world , and could not expect to impose its own idea of religious life on the culture inhabited by American nuns .
" The culture encourages everyone to be very tolerant and open - minded , " she said .
" To imagine that a dictum sent by somebody we do n't know who lives very far away would take hold in this culture , to imagine that , is really a stretch . "
The Church says it does n't want to impose its own model of life on nuns but to revitalise religious orders .
Officials say the Vatican has a genuine concern for the " quality of life " of the approximately 60,000 sisters .
Male hierarchy
But many nuns believe the investigation is intended to rein them in , while others warn that a male hierarchy wants to regain control of them as women and as a free workforce .
There could be consequences for those who disappoint the Vatican .
Annette Ciketic helps run Beacon House in San Pedro , California , a hostel for men recovering from drink and drug addiction .
Annette belongs to the Immaculate Heart , a community of former nuns who had to leave the Church 40 years ago because they refused to toe the Vatican line .
She claims that the Church 's idea of proper work for nuns would rule this work out .
Trini Luna likes the brand of spirituality at Beacon House " That would have been unheard of in the early days for a group of nuns to be working in a home for alcoholic men , it was n't acceptable , " she said .
" We would be teaching their children and witnessing ( the effects of ) their abuse in the classroom ... but God forbid we should ever deal with the adults and especially the fathers . "
Trini Luna says the prayers and sermons he heard by going to church did little to help him overcome his addiction to drugs .
He says he has encountered a more flexible spirituality at Beacon House , which has had far more effect .
" Living by these spiritual principles my life has changed tremendously , " he said .
" It does n't have to be in a Church way .
It can be in a recovery home in the centre of Los Angeles . "
The Sisters of St Joseph insist that they too are satisfied with the way they are doing their duty .
Sister Kathy Stein says she does not need to preach to those who use the shelter for them to receive the Christian message .
" They know me as Sister Kathy .
They know I 'm a Catholic sister .
I 'm ready to talk about the gospel if they want to .
That 's enough . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For previous developments on this story , see here and here .
Since our Facebook hacking story earlier , we ’ve had some pretty significant updates .
First , the story so far :
An unknown Christian dating site was recently hacked and whoever responsible managed to gain access to a list of email addresses and passwords .
It ’s likely the file was posted to anonymous message board 4 Chan.org and in doing so , some of its frequenters have begun a rampant attack on Facebook , e-store profiles , email accounts and other social networks .
We initially managed to get hold of one the original txt files complete with email addresses and passwords , but we ’ve since received a folder full of more login details and screenshots ( presumably taken by the hackers themselves ) of various email accounts , emails sent , documents , goods purchased and yes , social network profiles .
The social network screenshots ( such as this one ) are embarrassing , but in the long run , relatively harmless .
In regard to the email accounts however , we have seen screenshots of various more sensitive accounts including Paypal and Amazon.com accounts that have clearly been gained access to via peoples email accounts .
On top of that , a number of private photographs have been made shared , all of which I can guarantee the people involved would not want made public .
The hackers have also sent a number of emails to friends and family pretending they have either converted religion , changed sexuality , are dying of AIDS or have been affected by some other unchristian like situation .
We ’ll post a few of the screenshots below over the next hour , ( once we ’ve established which ones do n’t contain sensitive information ) .
Read next : Google at risk from ' Zombie Computers '
Yesterday I received a great prize from the people at Miserware for helping with the Beta trial of their power saving software for Linux computers ; a new and very shiny Asus 1008HA netbook PC .
The PC itself looks brilliant and I can’t wait to use it .
However , it is unfortunate that Asus seem to have been bought - off by Microsoft so they will no longer sell these devices with anything other than Windows software .
Software that I for one have absolutely no intention of using .
Turning the machine on for the first time I was amazed at just how long it took for the first - time - run license window to appear .
Anyway , it did eventually :
If you can read the text in the EULA on the left , the important bit states :
“ If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA , you may not use or copy the SOFTWARE , and you should promptly contact Manufacturer for instructions on return of the unused product (s ) for a refund in accordance with Manufacturer ’s return policies . ”
Do also take a look at the conditions imposed in the second box too ( click the images for a big piccy ) .
Basically it says you ca n’t change your mind once you have said yes and that they do n’t actually provide any “ warranty ” anyway .
What complete and utter claptrap .
Why on earth do people continue to put up with this rubbish ?
And so , when you say you do not want to accept their unfair and ridiculously one - sided licenses , you are told to turn of the machine .
Fine .
Suits me .
First off I thought I ’d ask Amazon what the correct procedure is for requesting a refund .
So I sent them an email from my Amazon account last night ( at about 10:00 pm ) :
This morning I had one of those slightly annoying automated replies telling me that because the order was n’t actually to do with my account ( which is correct ) :
“ For security reasons , we can only take action on an account when the request comes from the e-mail address related to that account .
Hence we request you to contact us from relevant account . ”
There were a couple of helpful links in the mail – one of which was to use if you found the email response had n’t been helpful or resolved your issue .
Clicking that took me to a page on Amazon ’s site where I was invited to get them to call me .
Within 20seconds or so I was talking to a real person ( probably in Ireland from his accent ) .
I explained that I did n’t want the Windows XP software and was intending to format the drive and install Linux ( he seemed to understand exactly what I was talking about ) .
He asked what version of Windows was on the computer , and then basically said ‘ OK .
We ’ll refund the cost of the license to the buyer ’ .
And that was it .
I should point out that the chap at Amazon also suggested that I check with Asus that removing the software might invalidate my warranty on the device .
I have searched on Google and on Asus ’ website and read the Warranty card that comes with the device .
I could n’t see anything that would indicate my warranty would be void if I change the software .
I have mailed Asus to try and confirm it will be OK .
[ Update : I ’ve just had a message back from Asus saying my Warranty will fine .
They do n’t “ support ” other operating systems but I can understand that completely ]
Frankly , it would be a pretty USELESS warranty for a computer if it became void by installing new software .
But I am not a lawyer so do n’t take my word for this and YMMV .
Within a minute or so of ending my phone call with Amazon a copy of an email to the Miserware account holder at Amazon dropped into my inbox .
Dear Melissa / cc
Alan
I have requested a refund to your payment card for this purchase in the amount of 40.00 GBP for this order , as Alan will not be using the Windows XP Software .
Refunds usually go through within 2 to 3 business days and you will see this amount credited on your next statement …
Brilliant .
I ca n’t really praise Amazon enough for that .
It was easy , simple and no fuss .
I guess my only concern is that the cost of this refund might not get passed back to Asus .
But at least the information is in the public domain on this blog .
Also , I should think if Amazon had to do this more than occasionally they ’d be asking some hard questions of Asus …
Now I need your help dear readers …
I am not yet sure what to put on this machine : Ubuntu Desktop , Ubuntu Netbook Remix , Cruchbang ( which I have heard some good things about but not tried ) or something else …
Suggestions are more than welcome 🙂 I have plenty of choice !
And I plan to use it !
And finally .
Come on Asus , you have some really nice products crying out for a proper operating system and it ’s a real shame you have allowed yourself to be stitched - up by Microsoft .
If you would like me to put you in touch with the guy responsible for OEMs at Canonical ( Ubuntu ) Just let me know .
🙂
I ’m sure he’d be delighted to talk to you .
Tags : Amazon , Asus , Canonical , Licenses , Microsoft , Miserware , Netbooks , Ubuntu , Windows
After much hunting , I finally settled on Hedger Wang ’s simple round CSS links as the most acceptable cross - browser round button implementation .
The minified CSS is about 2.5KB , and the syntax is very simple .
To make an input button into a round button , just wrap it within a < span class = " button " > :
< span class = " button " >< input type= " submit " ></ span>
… and it ’s just as easy to convert a link into a rounded button :
< a class=" button " href= ” /”>< span>Home</ span></a>
It works by using a transparent PNG / GIF that looks like this :
The first button is the default button .
The second appears on hover .
The bottom two are for disabled buttons .
Can we easily create buttons in different colours ?
That ’s what this post is about : creating that image with round buttons and gradients .
When I tried creating these rounded buttons myself ( and trying to do it in an automated was as usual ) , I saw 3 possible approaches :
Create it using PowerPoint via Python and export as a PNG .
So we make a curved box , put in the appropriate gradients and borders , and export it as a PNG .
But the problem is I could n’t figure out how to get transparent PNGs .
Create it in GIMP using script - fu plugin .
The problem is , I do n’t know scheme or GIMP ’s API .
So I gave up on this as well .
Create it using Python Image Library .
This was inspired by Nadia ’s PIL Tutorial : How to Create a Button Generator .
Let me explain how this works .
The first step is to create a ‘ button - mask.png ’ like this one :
Create a transparent 300 x 120 image in GIMP
Selecting a box from ( 0,0 ) to ( 300,30 ) Shrink it by 2 pixels Convert it to a rounded rectangle with a radius of 80 %
Fill this in white Copy it to 60 pixels below
Now , we need code to create a gradient :
start , end = ( 192 , 192 , 224 ) , ( 255 , 255 , 255 ) grad = Image .
new ( ' RGBA ' , ( 300 , 120 ) ) draw = ImageDraw .
Draw ( grad ) for y in range ( 0 , 30 ) : draw .
line ( ( ( 0 , y ) , ( 300 , y ) ) , fill = rgb ( start , end , y/ 30.0 ) ) draw .
line ( ( ( 0 , y+ 60 ) , ( 300 , y+ 60 ) ) , fill = rgb ( start , end , 1.0 -y/ 30.0 ) )
Now that the gradient is created , convert that into a round button by loading button - mask.png ’s alpha layer onto the gradient :
mask = Image.open ('button-mask.png').convert(' RGBA ') .split ( ) [ 3 ] border = Image.open ('button-border.png').convert(' RGBA ' ) grad.putalpha( mask ) grad.save('button.png ')
There it is : a simple round button generator .
You can see a sample of these buttons at my Dilbert search site .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The Obama administration is looking hard at pushing through a health care reform bill without Republican backing , top Democrats close to the White House have told CNN .
Democrats say Republicans , particularly Iowa Sen.
Charles Grassley , are n't serious about striking a deal .
The Democratic majority in the Senate has been stymied in the health care debate by Republicans and conservative Democrats , leaving it short of the 60 - vote " filibuster - proof " margin needed to pass the bill .
Democratic success could depend on an obscure tactic called reconciliation , a type of budget maneuver that requires only a simple majority -- 51 votes -- to pass .
Congressional Democrats authorized the maneuver specifically for health care reform legislation during the debate over the 2010 budget , which passed in April .
Watch an explanation of the tactic »
One top Senate Republican warned at the time that using reconciliation to pass such a measure would be " like a declaration of war . "
Going it alone could be risky for Democrats , not because they could n't raise the votes , but because Republicans could cast it as a power play and accuse them of failing to win bipartisan support .
A Quinnipiac University survey released two weeks ago showed that 59 percent of registered voters nationwide oppose passage of health care legislation if the bill fails to win bipartisan support .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs insisted Wednesday that President Obama has not yet given up hope for a bipartisan plan .
" The president has said countless times he will work with anybody and everybody who wants to work constructively on health care reform , " Gibbs said .
" We continue to be hopeful that we can get bipartisan support , and we 'll continue to work with those that are interested in doing that . "
Watch a report on how Republicans may feel about the tactic »
But moving ahead on a more partisan basis might ultimately be a strategy Democrats are willing to employ .
" If we have to push it through this way , no one is going to remember how messy it was , " a top White House adviser told CNN .
" At the end of the day , they 'll remember we got health care reform done .
A win is a win . "
White House officials are beginning to lay the groundwork for such a move , telling CNN that they 'll have to take drastic measures if there 's no movement .
Sources from the administration and the Democratic side of Capitol Hill have told CNN that they 're becoming increasingly convinced that Republicans -- particularly Iowa Sen .
Charles Grassley -- involved in the negotiating process are n't serious about striking a deal .
Grassley is one of six members of the Senate Finance Committee -- three Democrats and three Republicans -- negotiating the only bipartisan health care legislation so far .
The six negotiators are not considering a government - funded public health insurance option favored by Obama and Democratic leaders , but are instead looking at nonprofit cooperatives that would negotiate collective polices for members .
Grassley warned at a weekend town hall meeting that the months of negotiations may fail to produce a bill he can support .
Watch a discussion of the emotion and rhetoric of some town hall meetings »
Asked for a response to the Democrats ' claims Wednesday , Grassley told CNN , " I 've said all year that something as big and important as health care legislation should have broad - based support .
So far , no one has developed that kind of support , either in Congress or at the White House .
That does n't mean we should quit .
It means we should keep working until we can put something together that gets that widespread support . "
Gibbs appeared to back Grassley , telling reporters that there are " Republicans on the Finance Committee and others that we believe are working in a constructive way to get reform through the Senate and ultimately to [ the president 's ] desk . "
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus , D - Montana , also insisted in a statement Wednesday that " bipartisan progress continues .
The [ committee ] is on track to reach a bipartisan agreement on comprehensive health care reform that can pass the Senate . "
Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nevada , struck a more partisan tone , warning that while a decision to pursue reconciliation on health care has not been made , the Democrats ' " patience is not unlimited , and we are determined to get something done this year by any legislative means necessary . "
If Democrats choose to go it alone , the public health insurance option is likely to be back on the table , because there would be no need to win the votes of Republicans or conservative Democrats .
But it would be a change in tactics after the White House appeared to shift its stance on the issue over the weekend .
On Saturday , Obama said the " public option , whether we have it or we do n't have it , is not the entirety of health care reform . "
Then on Sunday , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said that a public option is " not an essential element " of overhauling the health care system .
Their comments were interpreted in media reports as a softening of the administration 's support for the public insurance option .
However , Sebelius denied Tuesday that anything had changed in Obama 's policy .
" Here 's the bottom line : Absolutely nothing has changed , " she said at a Medicare conference .
" We continue to support the public option .
That will help lower costs , give American consumers more choice and keep private insurers honest .
If people have other ideas about how to accomplish these goals , we 'll look at those , too .
But the public option is a very good way to do this . "
Earlier , Gibbs said that Obama and Sebelius have consistently called for making health insurance affordable to all in a competitive market , and that they think a public option is the best way to do so , but were open to other ideas .
CNN 's Ed Henry and Dana Bash contributed to this report .
All About Health Care Policy • Chuck Grassley • U.S. Senate Committee on Finance
Lifting Stig 's helmet and revealing the Teutonic features of former F1 champ Michael Schumacher certainly made for some great TV .
However , the German race car driver is not Top Gear 's Stig .
Or , we should say , he 's not the only Stig .
Advertisement
And The Stig Is ...
The first episode of Top Gear Season 13 is airing in the UK right now , but we can already reveal …
Read more
Warning : I 've already spoiled this for you .
Aww , too bad .
Suck it up , take it as a loss , man up and move on .
You should have been here yesterday if you wanted to be all namby - pamby and spoiler - free .
Advertisement
Despite being the first to tell you that Stig would lift his helmet during last night 's episode and it would be none other than Michael Schumacher underneath , we 're now going to provide three reminders to everyone that no , the blonde - haired track - meister 's not the only Stig .
The Stig Is Michael Schumacher ?
According to an audience member at the first episode of Top Gear Season 13 , the Stig was revealed …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
First , one look at Shumacher 's record - setting time around the Top Gear test track in a Ferrari FXX , and you realize he's not the same Stiggie we 've seen on the show the last two seasons .
Schumi was more balls - to - the - wall around the corners than the previous incarnation of our beloved Stiggie .
Secondly , Ferrari 's only going to let an owner drive the Ferrari FXX .
Make sense to us then that since they were testing Schumi's FXX , they 'd have Schumi be the Stig .
Advertisement
That makes sense given the truth is , as most know , there have been many drivers who've played the Stig .
From the original black - nomex racing suit - encased Stig played by Perry McCarthy , former Formula
One racer and test driver for the Benetton , Arrows and Williams teams — to " Big Stig " who we 're pretty sure was played by Tony Stewart after ingesting a small cow , there is a different Stig for different needs .
And we 're pretty sure African Stig was not at all Lewis Hamilton .
Basically , we 've been told by the BBC there 's been no less than eight drivers donning the white nomex .
Advertisement
The most high - profile is Heikki Kovalainen , the 27 - year - old Finnish Formula One McLaren driver who is Lewis Hamilton 's partner .
Forty - one - year - old former GT world championship racing driver Chris Goodwin , from London , has also starred as the Stig .
As has fellow Londoner Julian Bailey , a 47 - year - old former Formula One racing driver who raced for the Tyrell and Lotus teams .
Advertisement
Stunt driver Terry Grant from Bushey in Hertfordshire has also slipped into the white racing leathers to become the Stig .
Stunt driver Russ Swift is another who has become the Stig .
Then of course there were those Ben Collins rumors .
Advertisement
Finally , Dan Lang , a Swedish snow mobile racing champion played the Stig in a Top Gear stunt where he jumped a snow mobile off a ski jump .
So to every Stig there is a purpose and yesterday 's Ferrari FXX season belonged to Schumacher .
Who will be the next to turn , turn , turn in the white racing duds ?
We guess we 'll have to tune in to find out .
Which is really what the BBC wants .
And that brings us to the third reminder .
See , this was totally a tongue - in - cheek PR play .
And it worked .
We went all ga - ga over the Schumi as Stig story and you know what , so did all of you .
And that 's cool , because frankly , it was entertaining as hell .
And when it comes down to it , we do n't watch Top Gear to be informed , we watch Top Gear to be entertained .
Incidentally , on an almost entirely unrelated note — there 's some serious props that need to go out to the Beeb for figuring out the importance of not only having a clip up on YouTube of last night 's unmasking ( we 've included it again here ) , but for having it up within moments of the show 's completion .
Good work by Her Royal Majesty 's TV service for understanding there 's people outside of the BBC 's broadcast network interested in seeing this momentous occasion — and beating out the thousands who'd be dropping pirated clips up and online .
Already the clip 's got thousands of comments and tens of thousands of views .
Bravo , BBC .
After receiving massive support from its customers through an online survey , the Swedish ISP Ephone has decided to appeal an earlier court decision ordering it to hand over subscribers ' details to a group of copyright holders .
Ephone has labeled the evidence provided as ' weak ' and has opted to protect the privacy of its customers .
The first court case testing Sweden ’s new IPRED anti-piracy legislation is not going as smoothly as the anti-piracy lobby would have liked .
The law ’s purpose was to make it easier for copyright holders to obtain the personal details of alleged file - sharers from ISPs , but the reality is proving to be somewhat different .
This April five book publishers handed a request to a local court for information on the owner of an FTP - server that allegedly stored more than 2000 audio books .
Although it was a private server and the audio books could n’t have been made available to the public , the court ordered the ISP Ephone to hand over the details of the person behind the IP address .
Ephone refused to comply , instead deciding to take the case to the Appeal Court .
Interestingly , the company decided to follow up the case based on feedback from its customers through an online poll on its website .
In total , over 20,000 visitors voted on the question of whether or not the company should appeal or not .
The results did n’t leave room for much doubt .
A massive 99 % of the respondents were in favor of appealing , and some even offered to cover a part of the court costs .
Ephone ’s CEO
Bo Wigstrand said the company ’s management had discussed their options internally , but what they really needed was input from their customers .
“ That was what finally led to our decision , ” Wigstrand explained .
Besides the support from customers and the public , Ephone ’s appeal is also backed by Swedish Member of Parliament Karl Sigfrid , who previously asked his ISP to delete all personal information linked to his IP - address to prevent him being chased down by copyright holders .
According to Ephone the evidence that the copyright holders had presented in the book case was incomplete and insufficient .
It mainly consisted of screenshots and log files , Ephone ’s lawyer said .
Weak evidence aside , CEO Bo Wigstrand said that his company has to do all it can to protect the privacy of its customers .
Safari wo n't change the browser game the way the has changed mobile phones .
This year 's Apple Worldwide Developer Conference billed it as " the fastest and most innovative browser . "
While it is both fast ( with the Nitro JavaScript engine ) and innovative ( thanks to some UI enhancements ) , I do n't buy the superlatives .
Google Chrome is still the speed leader on my tests , and Safari 4 lacks innovations , like the WebSlices and Accelerators in and the extreme customizability of .
Nevertheless , Safari ( on both Mac and Windows ) is definitely a fine performer in terms of speed and usability .
Setup and the New Look
I had no problem installing Safari 4 on my Vista system , and the browser was up and running in short order .
At 27MB , the download is bulkier than that of the smallest browser , , which is a mere half megabyte .
Then again , Safari offers more features .
Mac users should note that the installer requires OS 10.5.610.5.5 wo n't do .
When you first run Safari 4 , you 'll see a new animated splash screen featuring the Apple logo , complete with inspirational music .
For the final release , Safari backtracked on one of the beta 's distinguishing interface features , the Chrome - like " Tabs on Top , " which placed page tabs above the address bar .
Another change from the beta is the return of the page - load progress bar :
It 's in a different form now , in the right - hand side of the address bar .
The released version of Safari 4 does retain the most eye - catching trait of the Safari 4 beta , Top Sites , which shows your most - accessed Web pages in a glorious 3D view .
In this and elsewhere , Safari 4 brings the added elegance and clever interface ideas we 've come to expect from Apple .
One example is the incorporation of Cover Flow in the browser 's history list .
Sure , it 's mostly eye candy , but it's at the same time stylish and useful .
When you open a tab , you see the new Top Sites page , a curved , 3D grid of images of your most frequently visited Web sites .
An Edit button lets you remove any of these thumbnails , and you can drag any mini-page to a spot of your choice and " pin " it to that spot .
If a site in your Top Sites group has new content , a blue dog-ear with a star shows up in the page 's top right corner .
In some ways , I prefer Opera 's approach , which adds only sites you specify to the speed - dial thumbnails .
Still , I can see Chrome and Safari 's rationale , that people are more likely to use the feature if it 's automatically populated .
Unlike the bare - bones Chrome , Safari includes a handy sidebar , which you can show by clicking the book icon at the top left of the window .
The sidebar has a variety of functions :
You can choose from among History , Bookmarks , Bonjour networking , and a basic RSS reader .
Any of these sidebar choices takes advantage of the scrolling Cover Flow view in the top half of the main center panel , while the bottom half offers a simple list of the links .
You can scroll back and forth through the Cover Flow images via mouse wheel , or you can use a slider beneath the images .
Safari 's bookmark management is adequate , but I was unable to import more than one IE bookmark at a time .
Chrome has the same problem , whereas Firefox let me import a whole folder at once .
Safari also lacks Firefox 's ability to show recently bookmarked items and its tagging capability .
Also new for Version 4 is a native Windows look for the browser , in Classic , XP , and Vista flavors .
This means that window borders ( nonexistent in previous versions of Safari for Windows ) now look like those of other apps .
The Mac version , of course , maintains the border - free look .
Windows users also now receive the standard Windows fonts they 're used to seeing , instead of Apple 's more minimalist standard fonts .
And in the Windows version , you get the same two toolbar icons you get in Chrome , for page and general settings possibly showing the browsers ' similar WebKit roots .
You can customize the buttons you want on your toolbar , such as New Tab and Home , but Safari still comes nowhere near Firefox in customizability .
The Mozilla browser not only avails itself of thousands of extensions that alter both appearance and function , but even offers " Fashion My Firefox " and Personas to help users with the sea of available customizations . 
Tabs
Safari does an excellent job of implementing tabs , though I 'm a bit disappointed that its designers abandoned the beta 's bold , Chrome - like design concept of moving the tabs to the very top of the application 's window .
Media critics lambasted the feature , so Apple retreated , and now Safari looks pretty much like any tabbed browser .
The plus sign for adding a new tab is way off to the right now , and is easily missed I prefer 's clearer tab addition system .
I also am disappointed that Safari 's tabs do n't show site icons for a nice visual clue , as they do in all the other major browsers , even Chrome .
Some of the problems with Safari beta 's late , lamented ( by me , at least ) Tabs on Top , however , have gone away too .
You wo n't minimize ( in Mac OS ) by double - clicking a tab now , and the lined handle needed to move the tab around is gone .
You can move the tabs back and forth on the bar , and even out onto the desktop to create a new window .
A neat little thumbnail of the page represents the page , and this zooms up to full size when you release it .
I could also drag a tab from one browser window into another .
Hover the mouse over any tab and the " X " for closing it appears .
This is better than in IE , which shows the X only for the active window sometimes you want to kill a background tab .
Smart Address Field and Smart Search Field
Unlike Chrome , which thinks you should use the same text entry box for both Web addresses and searches something I 'm still not really comfortable with Safari 4 keeps addresses and search entries separate .
Both have been enhanced in this version , too .
The address bar , officially called the Smart Address Field , adds functionality that has become de rigueur in today 's browser : predictions of what page you want from the moment you start typing .
This showed up first in Firefox 3 ( where insiders dubbed it the " awesome bar " ) , and subsequent releases of Internet Explorer , Opera , and Chrome have all followed suit .
It 's a good addition , but Apple 's really just playing catch - up , here .
Still , Safari 's version of the predictive address bar is clever ; it seems to offer fewer , more targeted suggestions , and its Top Pick suggestion is highlighted .
What this means is that you do n't have to hit the Down Arrow to navigate to the Top Pickhitting Enter gets you there .
This may seem trivial , but anything that saves you from hunting and pecking a keystroke streamlines browsing considerably over time .
The predictions come not only from page titles and URLs in your history , as they do in Firefox , but also from the complete text of Web pages .
So even if you remember only a topic discussed on a page , rather than the site name , you 'll see it suggested .
The Smart Search Field does one of those " why did n't anyone think of this before ? " things :
It combines Web search and on - page search .
The option for the latter appears at the bottom of the suggestion drop - down box .
When you do search for text on the page , all but your found terms will be dimmed .
I do wish Web search in the bar would offer more choices than just Google or Yahoo and Ask.com fans are out of luck . 
Performance and Compatibility
Though Safari was considerably faster at JavaScript rendering than IE 8 , Chrome is still the leader but just barely .
I tested using the SunSpider JavaScript Benchmark on my 2 - GHz Athlon dual - core test system with 2MB of RAM , running Vista Safari 4 , which returned a score of 1,707 milliseconds a remarkable improvement over the beta 's 3,757 ms ( lower numbers indicate quicker rendering times ) .
This trounces Internet Explorer 8's awful 10,108 ms and puts Safari within spitting distance of Google Chrome 's 1,656 ms .
Firefox 3 holds the middle ground , taking 6,371 ms , though the soon - to - be - released version 3.5 aims to change this , with its new TraceMonkey JavaScript engine .
Once distinguished for speed , Opera is now middling , at 7,884 ms .
In the real world , browsing demanding pages with Version 4 usually felt snappy .
In general , I felt that Safari was about tied with Chrome , though that browser loaded the demanding Stickam.com noticeably faster .
In start - up time , Safari was comparable with the current generation of browsers , taking less than 2 seconds on my test system .
Firefox is still the leader in one respect , however : memory use .
When I opened the same set of ten tabs filled with media - intensive sites in each browser , Safari 4 took up 434MB of RAM , whereas Firefox 3 used up only 121MB of RAM .
Chrome used 213MB , and Opera 259MB , while Internet Explorer trailed all , at 484MB .
Safari is close to the bottom , here .
And , unlike tabs in Chrome and Internet Explorer 8 , Safari 's are n't run in separate processes , a technique that can limit the severity of site crashes .
In compatibility , I did n't run across any sites displaying " Browser not supported " pages , nor did I find instances of misrendered pages .
In one " official " measure of standards compliance , Safari 4 joins only Opera 10 beta in passing the Acid3 browser compatibility test .
Though it's not a definitive measure of correct site rendering , Acid3 gives an indication of support for features that Web developers hope to use in the future .
In this vein , Safari 4 supports HTML 5 features such as the video and audio tags , as well as has the ability to run Web applications off - line .
It also can render CSS3 effects , like gradients and reflections .
Version 4 does n't add new security and privacy features , but updates to Version 3 already added pretty much everything you 'd expect in that area : private browsing , antiphishing and anti-malware tools , and support for Extended Validation ( EV ) Certificates .
The private browsing feature , unlike that in Internet Explorer , Firefox 3.5 , and Chrome , does n't have any icon indicating you 're in the mode , and on my tests it did indeed keep private browsing session URLs out of history and Smart Address bar 's autosuggestions .
Safari 4 adds some welcome innovations , while catching up with the competition in some features .
Its fast page rendering and stylish 3D interface features , like Cover Flow , will appeal to many .
It 's a bit of a memory hog , however , and fans of Firefox 's extensions wo n't be tempted to switch , as Safari does n't offer anywhere near that browser 's level of customization .
While most Mac users are likely to avail themselves of the new browser 's advances , Windows users who like alternatives to Internet Explorer will probably get more out of Firefox or Chrome .
More Browser Reviews :
Greetings Readers !
Normally I do n’t discuss much gaming on here and when I do , I do n’t make a post about a specific game , but today is a bit different .
For the past week , I have felt the need to rant about the horrible death that EA is giving Command & Conquer .
Before I get into the multitude of ways that EA is killing C&C , I want to quickly address the idea of having a loyal fanbase .
Like many of my friends , I have been playing C&C games since they came out around 13 years ago ( give or take ) , and while I have n’t always agreed with every design decision , I have been loyal enough to buy the games and play them often for the great gameplay and stories .
Unfortunately , EA has changed just about everything that has made C&C , C&C all of these years with the upcoming C&C 4 .
Gone is the gameplay that fans have been used to for over a decade to the point that many of the hardcore C&C fans that I know , and I know many of them from working in the C&C community for many years , have decided to boycott the game , myself included .
What makes this game so horrible that even fans that have been following the series for over a decade would boycott it ?
In short , everything .
If you have played C&C at all for the past 13 years , you have a good idea of what the gameplay is like with base building , resource collecting , armies of varying units based on their strengths and weaknesses among other things like FMVs and music mainly from the awesome composer Frank Klepacki .
Of that short list of things that are still going to be included in C&C 4 is just the FMVs .
There will be no Frank Klepacki doing the music , no harvesting and no basebuilding .
Essentially 90 % of what made C&C itself , is now gone .
Think those are the only changes ?
In the words of Billy Mays , “ Wait !
There is more ! ”
In what sounds like a move away from RTS , there is some kind of leveling system that will allow you to get new units and stuff through experience through both online and offline playing .
While I will say this sounds kind of interesting , they say that there wo n’t be any real advantage to the units you earn , they can just compliment your strategy .
To me , it sounds like a balance nightmare .
The whole idea of a respawning mobile base seems to be quite dumb .
How exactly are you supposed to win if the base keeps respawning at the edge of the screen ?
And the most annoying thing of all , an online connection is mandatory !
With gamers constantly complaining about DRM , EA has decided to scrap their traditional DRM in favor of an always online model to fight piracy .
At first , I wanted to celebrate the lack of DRM until I realized that this solution is just as bad if not worse .
Now , gamers will be unable to play the game if they do n’t have an internet connection .
Waiting for the cable guy to fix your internet connection ?
You wo n’t be playing C&C4 to pass the time .
Of course if the servers ever go offline and eventually they will , you are screwed completely .
They try to hide this horrible idea behind the idea that being online will allow you to get credit for the time you spend playing so that you can get upgrades to different units but in reality , it is just their way of making everybody get online so that they know if you have pirated the game .
Personally , I would prefer having the DRM back over this horrible idea .
The truly sad thing about this is that we still do n’t know all of the details , but as they surface in magazines , they keep getting worse and worse .
The changes that they are making are a disgrace to C&C and a spitting on the grave of Westwood ( The original creators of the series ) .
I honestly think it is probably a good idea that they are saying this is the last game in the Tiberium storyline because they are screwing the game up so much in the name of attracting the casual gamer that nobody will want to purchase any future titles anyway .
Follow Global Geek News on Twitter and listen to the latest Global Geek News Podacast !
August 17 , 2009
Keeanga - Yamahtta
Taylor looks at how pro-business interests teamed up with the far right to foment staged protests over health care reform -- and why Obama 's policies have played into their hands .
TOWN HALL meetings that were supposed to be forums to debate the merits of President Barack Obama 's health care plan have turned into frightening exhibitions of right - wing demagoguery and thuggish attacks fueled by right - wing radio and Fox News in particular .
Yet the polarized debate surrounding Obama 's health care plan has obscured the extent to which his plan is deeply flawed and insufficient to cover the overwhelming health care needs of tens of millions of people who currently lack health insurance .
Indeed , Obama 's health care plan is marked by the same corporate priorities as his other initiatives , such as bailing out the banks with trillions of taxpayer dollars .
But even Obama 's business - approved proposed changes to the health care system go way too far for the Republican right .
At one recent town hall meeting in Missouri , an African American woman who brought with her a poster of Rosa Parks was assaulted by a white man , who appeared to push her while ripping the poster from her hands .
When the woman attempted to retrieve her poster , several armed officers swooped down on her and physically removed her from the auditorium .
Right - wing protesters rally against health care reform
At several other town hall sideshows , some white people have shown up with racist signs taunting Obama .
The atmosphere is eerily similar to raucous campaign stops last summer for the McCain - Palin ticket , where shouts of " kill him " could be heard when Obama 's name was mentioned .
So it should n't be surprising , then , that Sarah Palin stoked the atmosphere of racism and violence at the town hall meetings recently when she claimed that Obama 's health care initiative would create government " death panels " to decide when old people should be put to death because their medical care was too costly .
In sync and on cue , right - wing radio host and prescription drug addict Rush Limbaugh went further comparing African American President Barack Obama to Adolph Hitler because of the fictional " death panels . "
This is lunacy .
Unfortunately , it 's not a laughing matter .
Limbaugh and his cohorts in right - wing cable news -- including immigrant bashers like Lou Dobbs on CNN and Fox 's Glenn Beck , who called Obama a racist in response to Obama 's initial comments in the aftermath of the arrest of Henry Louis Gates -- are whipping up a frenzied atmosphere in which the potential for racism and violence grows each day .
At a town hall meeting in New Hampshire , where Obama spoke in person , a middle - aged white man showed up to " welcome " the president with a loaded handgun .
The Republicans have been employing some aspects of this strategy for months now .
Last April , they launched the so - called " tea party " demonstrations against incremental tax increases to the rich -- which they also referred to as socialism .
Most were staged events with backing from former Republican members of Congress and right - wing millionaires and billionaires .
These people know that in this economic climate , they do n't stand a chance politically by forthrightly condemning all expansion of government programs , because the vast majority of Americans support such expansion .
So the right - wing forces operate behind the scenes to make these protests -- from the " tea parties " to the town hall melees -- seem like they 're part of a right - wing grassroots movement .
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman rightly calls the organizations staging the protests " Astroturf " -- as in fake grassroots .
Unfortunately , their impact and effect has been magnified by the overwhelming media coverage , which has the effect of making these fringe organizations and individuals look like they are substantive part of the debate .
But it 's not only the media that have helped fuel the atmosphere that has engulfed the health care debate .
Also to blame are cynical politicians from Washington who brazenly seek to use racism and scapegoating to cover their general hostility to the notion of health care for all .
Rep. Steve King ( R - Iowa ) claims
Obama 's health care reform will provide " free health care " to 6 million " illegal aliens " -- to name but one example .
The new charges of " socialism " coming from the lunatic right are , in some ways , more sinister than last winter , when the right was hyperventilating about the $ 787 billion stimulus package .
" Socialism " this time around has become the new word for " welfare " -- and all of the racist connotations that go along with it .
When King makes the ludicrous charge that undocumented workers in this country will receive free health care , he knows full well that Obama 's health care " reform " does n't offer free health care to anyone , let alone non-citizens .
Using such language is a conscious ploy to whip up racial animus and dodge the real discussion about the problems with the health care system in this country .
King and others like him want to promote the idea that any version of " national health care " will mean giving health care away to those who do n't deserve it .
The right - wing billionaire CEO of Whole Foods , John Mackey , recently summed up this attitude when he wrote in the Wall Street Journal , " We are all responsible for our own lives and our own health .
We should take that responsibility very seriously and use our freedom to make wise lifestyle choices that will protect our health .
Doing so will enrich our lives and will help create a vibrant and sustainable American society . "
THIS IS really what the health care debate is about .
By using racism and scapegoating to reframe the discussion , the right hopes to avoid a genuine discussion about real health care reform in the U.S. Central to this effort are the so - called Blue Dog -- or more aptly , Blue Cross -- Democrats , a caucus of conservatives in the party .
This group is incredibly hostile even to Obama 's watered - down health care reform , because they are bitterly opposed to the notion that health care should be a right and not a privilege .
The irony is that Obama has already bowed to business interests on health care , just as he has on other issues .
While the Obama administration was willing to give the banks that created the economic catastrophe tens of billions of dollars and demand little or nothing in return , Obama forced auto manufacturers into bankruptcy while demanding that their unions give up long - held and hard - fought gains in health care , retirement and wages as well as agree to massive job loss .
Moreover , where Obama the presidential candidate vowed to fight for Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) , which would make joining a union easier , President Obama abandoned the legislation early on and has rarely even mentioned the bill 's name .
Today , states across the country are facing bankruptcy , and budget cuts threaten thousands of state - funded social programs .
Yet Obama stands by watching , effectively saying -- as President Gerald Ford did more than 30 years ago when New York City was on the cusp of financial collapse --" Drop dead . "
The pattern could not be clearer .
Corporations and bank profits come first ; ordinary people , last .
This was not the " change " people were looking for when they voted for Obama .
As the economy crashed last autumn , Obama rallied millions of Americans with the hope and expectation that his administration would represent a break with the status quo and would fight for real change in Washington .
Today , though , the Obama health care initiative stands as only the latest example of how far Obama 's policies have moved from his promises .
Back when he was an Illinois state senator , Obama favored a single - payer , Medicare - type health care plan like that of Canada and Western European countries .
Presidential candidate Obama backed off his support for single - payer , but still supported some kind of publicly funded health insurance option that would guarantee that everyone -- including the poor , the unemployed and the under - insured -- received coverage .
Ending the war in Iraq and taxing the rich -- whose taxes had been precipitously cut by the George W. Bush administration -- would pay for the plan .
Instead , when the corporations and insurance companies put up a fight -- as one could only expect they would -- the Obama administration continues to cave into their demands .
Thus , the public option has been all but taken off the table .
Yet if there 's no public health care option in the midst of a recession , which will likely followed by a jobless recovery that will cause millions more to lose their health care -- what exactly is the extent of the reform ?
THE PROBLEMS with the Obama agenda are n't just about dashed hopes or even broken promises , however .
There 's growing frustration over how the Obama administration 's policies have paved the way for the right to reconstitute itself after its humiliating defeat in last November 's elections .
A comeback for the right was n't inevitable .
The election of Obama and the rejection of the right on a whole number of social questions showed concretely how mass consciousness has moved to the left .
The new administration had an opportunity to crush the right by aggressively pursuing an agenda that captured the mood of most Americans -- nationalizing the banks , crafting a $ 1 trillion stimulus package for ordinary Americans as opposed to the banks and taxing the rich to pay for nationalized health insurance -- something that a New York Times poll showed was supported by 72 percent of Americans .
Obama and the Democrats could have pushed for passage of EFCA , since polls show most American workers want to be in a union .
They could have put a moratorium on foreclosures and bailed out people 's mortgages through government - mandated refinancing .
Popular support for such an agenda was there -- the election gave Obama a clear mandate to forego " bipartisanship " and marginalize the Republican Party for a generation .
Instead , the Democrats , led by Obama , have gone in the other direction .
They appeal to bipartisanship and cut deals with the discredited Republicans while sacrificing every opportunity to unequivocally come out on the side of ordinary working and poor people in this country -- people who , for all the happy talk in the media about the recession drawing to a close , continue to bear the brunt of the economic crisis .
Meanwhile , the money is there to maintain and expand the U.S. empire .
Despite Obama 's pledge to pull U.S. troops out of Iraq , the Pentagon plans to remain there for decades , and Obama is rapidly escalating the war in Afghanistan as well .
All this is creating an enormous political vacuum in American politics today .
If the left can't fill the vacuum , the right will try to do so -- and this is what we 're witnessing now in the town hall meeting " uprisings . "
The Republicans , devoid of any real plan to help working people in the economic crisis , have put their party behind the stewardship of the loony right , Rush Limbaugh and the congressional neo-Confederates of the South who led the fight against Latino Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor .
These forces are willing to use any rhetoric or tactic they can -- from racism to scapegoating -- to prevent expanding the role of government to help the mass of Americans who need it .
The right has an opportunity to grow right now , but not to the extent that the mass media would have us believe .
Those of us on the left must marvel at how easy it is for right - wing fringe groups to get robust media coverage as they have with these " Astroturf " anti-health care organizations over the last several weeks , while legitimate grassroots single - payer activists are regularly blocked out by the same media .
The media focus on these rightist groups and their manufactured protest movement makes it seem as if they represent a legitimate part of the debate .
They do n't .
The overwhelming majority of Americans have consistently , over the last several years , expressed the desire for some kind of national health care , even when it means higher taxes .
When a non -profit health care group recently set up a free clinic in Los Angeles , more than 1,500 people showed up for everything from dental care to routine checkups , to mammograms and beyond .
This represents the real face of the health care crisis in the U.S. -- not the boardroom - cultivated " angry white mob " threatening to hang the president and demanding " their country back . "
But despite the fringe nature of these protests and groups , even they can begin to attract a legitimate audience if there 's no hope for the future .
The economic crisis of the 1930s -- which everyone universally uses as a marker to judge the crisis of today -- showed that rage and frustration in economic hard times can cut both ways , to the left and to the right .
That 's why our side must mobilize independently of the Democrats and demand more funding for the programs people desperately need in these times of economic hardship .
We must declare that if the federal government can flood the banks with money so that Goldman Sachs executives can once again collect multimillion - dollar bonuses , then surely that same government can pay for genuine universal health care -- and tax the rich to pay for it .
by Ben Cohen
Maria Bartiromo is about as close to the definition corporate hack journalist as you are likely to find .
Her job is to repeat conventional wisdom about the financial world , and ignore any arguments that counter the corporate capitalist view .
It 's a great gig because she gets paid extremely well without really having to know anything .
In terms of understanding the healthcare debate her knowledge is particularly weak , yet Mrs Bartiromo 's unyielding confidence does n't stop her from tangling with Matt Taibbi , who knows more about finance and the ins and outs of the U.S healthcare system than most working journalists .
It 's a pretty funny confrontation as Taibbi matches Bartiromo point for point , and most importantly , presents her with facts she cannot refute :
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
If you are interested , check out an open letter I wrote to Mrs Bartiromo on the Huffington Post challenging her on her mind blowingly weak understanding of basic economics .
We 're Just Different
Update :
FEATURED CONTENT
NFL
The NFL rules the sports world , and it dominates our coverage as well .
Check out our latest NFL posts .
College Football Will the College Football Playoff continue to be dominated by the big powers like Alabama and Ohio State ?
Follow the latest on college football here .
NBA Lebron and the Cavs are champs .
Will they be facing Steph , Kevin and the Warriors again ?
Follow our NBA coverage .
Sports Betting
Get our latest updates on sports betting and odds here .
Cheerleaders
Check out all the hot photos of cheerleaders from around the web and social media .
APPIANO GENTILE - José Mourinho , who spoke yesterday about the declarations made by Marcello Lippi , commented further on the matter today .
" I do n't want to waste any more time replying to our national team coach , " said Mourinho through inter.it , " because I work every day for my club , and with my team on the pitch and in the dressing room .
I do n't spend my time waiting for a match now and then .
I think I have the right to express an opinion .
Some people might not agree with my opinion and I have no problem with that , but I say again that a national team coach should not predict who will win the championship in such a direct way .
Lippi did it on TV the other evening .
Would Fabio Capello in England reply to the same question with the name of a team ?
And Vicente Del Bosque in Spain ?
I do n't think so .
They are too intelligent to do so ... "
With regard to the declarations made by Lippi in an interview for Italian magazine Famiglia Cristiana , Mourinho concluded : " I have never spoken about Ferrara and Leonardo and I have nothing against them .
So I do n't understand why Lippi should talk me and them , making comparisons and giving opinions .
I really do n't understand . "
A Transport Ministry 's committee convened Tuesday to discuss whether to legalize segregation between men and women on public transportation lines .
Meanwhile women 's organizations are joining the struggle against the separation .
Since the petition on the matter was filed to the High Court of Justice in 2007 by the Israel Religious Action Center and author Naomi Ragen , a wide front has been formed for battling the matter .
Dozens of leading public figures have signed the petition calling on Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz to come out against the phenomenon , including Israel Prize Laureates A. B. Yehoshua and Haim Guri .
Taking Action Haredi women moving up Yifat Glick Haredi women sick of sitting in back of segregated buses , file a petition with High Court to change situation Haredi women moving up
Student and religious women 's organizations as well as leading women 's organizations such as the Movement of Working Women & Volunteers and Israeli Women 's Lobby have joined the cause in a public call not to legally legitimize the gender - based segregation in Israeli public transport , which applies in 40 haredi bus lines across the country .
Rina Bar - Tal , Women 's Lobby Chairwoman said , " It is unthinkable that in a county pretending to be democratic and forward - thinking women are being violently pushed to the back of the bus and are subject to insults and humiliations simply for being female .
" This type of conduct is characteristic of primitive regimes which try to turn women , half of their population , to second rate citizens and publicly humiliate them .
The transport minister and the Israeli government have a responsibility to end this illegitimate phenomenon and cancel immediately the segregation in haredi bus lines . "
' State values disrespected '
Talia Livni , Na'amat chairwoman also called upon the transport minister to draw a clear red line against segregation on public transport .
" Today the ultra -Orthodox are demanding gender - based separation in public transport , in the future they will demand it in work places and public institutes .
" The haredim must realize that in the public sphere they are subject to laws of equality imposed by the state .
If they seek segregation in their private spheres , let them , but they cannot force their own gender discrimination on the general public , " she stated .
Livni added that the minister and the committee have a responsibility to prevent such disrespect to the values upon which the State of Israel is built .
Rachel Azaria , chairwoman of the Yerushalmim pluralistic movement and Jerusalem city council member , said , " We are at the final stages of our battle against public transport segregation .
I call upon the general public to join the cause , recognizing that what starts as women 's discrimination will soon turn to hurting other sectors . "
Azaria further stated that the public should not take part in an irreversible compromise of the egalitarian character of the State of Israel .
Rapper 50
Cent will be strapping on the bulletproof vest once again in a video game — but not one of his own .
Instead , he 'll be making a cameo in Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 .
Advertisement
Fifty wo n't be continuing the search for his diamond encrusted skull , however .
The rapper will simply lend his vocal talents to Modern Warfare 2 as " The Multi - Player Voice , " according to official site This Is50.com .
The rapper dropped the news following a visit to Infinity Ward , during which he played Modern Warfare 2 with Good Charlotte 's Benji and Joel Madden .
No official word yet on whether those two contribute to the game or if Infinity Ward was simply double booked .
Robert Bowling , the developer 's director of communications , says that 50 Cent will be " one of the squad voices in Multiplayer / Spec Ops " on his Twitter account .
Advertisement
This would n't be the first Call of Duty to feature famous voices , as actors Keifer Sutherland and Gary Oldman played prominent roles in Treyarch 's Call of Duty : World At War .
Obviously , Mr. Cent is no stranger to video game voice over work , having appeared as himself in 50 Cent Bulletproof and 50 Cent : Blood on the Sand .
The only question we have is whether 50 Cent can go as deep and hard , ( bitch ) , as Infinity Ward 's own Mark Grigsby did in Call of Duty 4 ...
Update : Robert Bowling from Infinity Ward tells us that 50 Cent is " one of many squad voices " that will be featured in the multiplayer and Spec Ops modes in Modern Warfare 2 .
Expect to hear Fifty saying things like " Reloading , " " Watch your fire , " " I 'm down , get me up ! " and " Tango Down ! " according to Bowling .
Advertisement
" He is one of quite a few casual cameos in the game , none of which I can name at this point , " Bowling says .
" Benji and Joel of Good Charlotte NOT being one of them .
They 're just good friends with Curtis and came along with him when he was here recently to check out his voice in the game . "
50 Cent Visits Infinity Ward ( Creators of Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 ) [ This Is 50 ]
Welcome to the Florida Keys Turtle Cam !
UPDATE : The Nest Has Hatched !
Friday , July 25 , 2014 , the loggerhead sea turtle hatchlings made their way from the nest to the ocean 's edge just before 9 PM .
Friday , July 25 , 2014 , about 100 , 3 - inch - long loggerhead sea turtle hatchlings made their way from the nest to the ocean 's edge just before 9 p.m. ( ET )
Using infrared lighting , a live - streaming , high - definition " turtle webcam " positioned on a beach in the Florida Keys recorded the hatch .
The camera uses infrared lighting so hatchlings wo n't be confused by artificial light and will go to sea — guided by moonlight reflecting on the water — instead of pushing further onto land .
The webcam is part of ongoing efforts in the Florida Keys to raise awareness of sea turtles and the need to protect them .
A Kemp 's ridley sea turtle ( Photo courtesy of Fish & Wildlife Commission )
Loggerhead , green , leatherback , hawksbill and Kemp 's ridley sea turtles nest on beaches in the Florida Keys and other parts of Florida , or inhabit Florida and Keys waters .
All five species are considered either threatened or endangered .
From mid-April through October each year , these turtles crawl ashore at night to dig their nests and lay eggs .
A female turtle typically lays about 100 eggs and covers them with sand before returning to the water , leaving the nest alone .
Green sea turtle hatchlings make their way to the sea .
( Photo courtesy of Save - A - Turtle )
Approximately two months later , the hatchlings struggle free of the nest and rush toward the sea , guided by moonlight reflecting off open water .
Any artificial light , including flashlights and flash cameras , can disturb and disorient the turtles , interrupting the natural process .
Laws prohibit people from touching or disturbing hatchlings , nests and nesting turtles .
Images of a Turtle Nest Excavation
Permitted beach surveyors excavated and found 84 eggs in the nest .
A live hatchling was discovered and released .
A live hatchling makes his way to the sea .
After a few breaths of air , the hatchling dipped beneath the surface and paddled to sea .
Conducted and Collected by Save - A- Turtle Under FWC MTP-09-079
Protecting Turtles for Future Generations in the Florida Keys
Florida Keys organizations have been working for decades to raise awareness of sea turtles and their needs .
For example , the Save - a - Turtle organization , formed in 1985 , focuses on the protection of rare and endangered marine turtles , their nesting grounds and their habitat .
Save - a- Turtle is a volunteer nonprofit group whose activities include surveying local beaches to monitor and document turtle nesting information , working with local municipalities to keep nesting beaches safe and friendly for turtles , spearheading beach cleanups of nesting areas and performing educational outreach to increase awareness of light pollution and other issues affecting sea turtles .
Since 1986 , sea turtles have been cared for in the Keys through the efforts of Marathon 's Turtle Hospital , where a dedicated team runs the world 's only certified hospital of its kind .
Turtles with a variety of injuries and ailments are brought to the hospital for treatment , rehabilitation and release to the wild .
If a release is n't possible , the creatures become permanent residents .
Educational tours of the facility are offered to introduce visitors to the resident sea turtles and to the hospital 's curative programs for loggerhead , green , hawksbill and Kemp 's ridley turtles .
Nature television show host Jack Hanna , left , and Hanna 's wife Suzi , center , help Richie Moretti , right , director of The Turtle Hospital , examine a loggerhead sea turtle prior to its release in 2008 off the Keys .
( Photo by Andy Newman / Florida Keys News Bureau )
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has information on how to protect sea turtles and their habitats .
Click here for more details .
All marine turtle footage taken in Florida was obtained with the approval of the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and the Florida Fish & Wildlife Conservation Commission ( FWC ) under conditions not harmful to this or other turtles .
Rising over the battered surface of the moon , Earth loomed in a shimmering arc covered in a swirling skin of clouds .
The image , taken in 1966 by NASA ’s robotic probe Lunar Orbiter 1 , presented a stunning juxtaposition of planet and moon that no earthling had ever seen before .
It was dubbed the Picture of the Century .
“ The most beautiful thing I ’d ever seen , ” remembered Keith Cowing , who saw it as an 11 - year - old and credited it with eventually luring him to work for NASA .
But in the mad rush of discovery , even the breathtaking can get mislaid .
Advertisement
NASA was so preoccupied with getting an astronaut to the moon ahead of the Soviets that little attention was paid to the mountains of scientific data that flowed back to Earth from its early space missions .
The data , stored on miles of fragile tapes , grew into mountains that were packed up and sent to a government warehouse with crates of other stuff .
And so they eventually came to the attention of Nancy Evans , a no-nonsense woman with flaming red hair that fit her sometimes - impatient nature .
She had been trained as a biologist , but within the sprawling space agency she had found her niche as an archivist .
Evans was at her desk in the 1970s when a clerk walked into her office , asking what he should do with a truck - sized heap of data tapes that had been released from storage .
“ What do you usually do with things like that ? ” she asked .
Advertisement
“ We usually destroy them , ” he replied .
--
Workhorse missions
If there is an unsung hero of the moon race , it is the Lunar Orbiter program of 1966 and 1967 .
There were five unmanned spacecraft , resembling stubby candleholders with 12 - foot - diameter solar arrays at their bases .
Advertisement
On board each were two large telescopes that could focus on objects as small as a yard , along with specially built Kodak cameras using 70 - millimeter film .
An on - board darkroom developed the lunar images and prepared them for transmission back to Earth .
Their mission was to map the entire surface of the moon in preparation for the Apollo landings -- and all five performed magnificently .
Incidental to its mission , Lunar Orbiter 1 took the first pictures of Earth as a full planet .
Taken pre-Summer of Love , pre-Watergate , pre-global warming , it was a family photo of a less - stressed home planet .
Altogether , nearly 2,000 frames were photographed by the five missions , each of which ended with a silent crash onto the lunar surface .
Advertisement
But there was a problem .
Although the original high - resolution images were saved on 2 - inch - wide tape , those pictures were n’t seen by the public .
The images that scrolled across television screens and appeared on the front pages of newspapers were snapshots of the originals using standard 35 - millimeter film .
The images were grainy and washed - out , like a poorly tuned television set .
Still , they inspired wonder as humanity for the first time contemplated the surface of another body in space from a front - row seat .
In addition to the famous image of Earth , there were pictures of the giant Copernicus crater , the 800 - million - year - old impact crater more than two miles deep and 60 miles across .
It was a short - lived moment of glory for the workhorse missions .
Two years after the last one , Apollo astronaut Neil Armstrong stepped onto the surface of the moon .
With him was a high - resolution Westinghouse TV camera and three exotic Hasselblad still cameras , among other equipment .
The images the astronauts took easily surpassed the Lunar Orbiter shots .
But even they eventually migrated into the realm of the ho-hum as the world was inundated with images of moon buggies , lunar golf and the satellite ’s monotonously barren surface .
Advertisement
By the time of the final Apollo mission in 1972 , the American public and Congress had begun to lose interest .
Evans was n’t particularly interested in the moon either when she went to work the next year for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in La Canada Flintridge .
The daughter of a Colorado physician , she had trained in anatomy and the biological sciences .
Her bosses saw something in the determined young woman that made them think she would be perfect for a new job in Washington : straightening out NASA ’s archives .
The mountains of data from the early Mercury , Mariner and Gemini missions had become a jumbled mess .
Evans turned out to be the perfect choice .
She was organized and could take care of herself .
She knew her mission : to preserve the history of human space exploration .
Advertisement
When the clerk came in to ask about the Lunar Orbiter tapes , she did n’t hesitate .
“ Do not destroy those tapes , ” Evans commanded .
She talked her bosses at JPL into storing them in a lab warehouse .
“ I could not morally get rid of this stuff , ” said Evans , 71 , in an interview at her Sun Valley home .
She had no idea what she was letting herself in for .
The full collection of Lunar Orbiter data amounted to 2,500 tapes .
Assembled on pallets , they constituted an imposing monolith 10 feet wide , 20 feet long and 6 feet high .
Advertisement
The mountain of tapes was just part of Evans ’ new burden .
There was no point , she realized , in preserving the tapes unless she also had an FR - 900 Ampex tape drive to read them .
But only a few dozen of the machines had been made for the military .
The $ 330,000 tape drives were electronic behemoths , each 7 feet tall and weighing nearly a ton .
Evans scoured salvage lists for a castoff FR - 900 .
As a member of the federal government ’s Trash Evaluation Board , she was privy to everything being thrown away from government institutions .
One day in the late 1980s , she got a call from Eglin Air Force Base in Florida :
“ We heard you ’re looking for FR - 900s .
We ’ve got three of them .
Where do you want us to send them ? ”
Advertisement
Having already stretched her bosses ’ goodwill at JPL by storing the tapes there , she reluctantly agreed to take the drives herself .
Evans stored the three tape drives from Eglin and a fourth she got off a salvage list -- none of which worked -- in her own garage .
There they sat , for two decades .
“ I was stuck with these drives , ” Evans said .
“ I could n’t get rid of them . ”
--
Advertisement
Space junkie ’s help
Evans applied regularly to NASA for funding to repair the drives .
She was turned down every time .
One NASA center estimated it would cost $ 6 million to restore the drives and digitize the tapes .
Finally , in 2005 , retired and increasingly doubtful that the historic images would ever see the light of day , Evans gave up on NASA and went public .
She submitted a paper to a lunar conference stating her plight .
Her plea ended up on a blog frequented by space buffs , where it caught the attention of Dennis Wingo , a kind of space junkie extraordinaire .
Advertisement
Author , designer and dreamer , Wingo is well - known in the private space world , the community of activists trying to show that private enterprise can explore space more effectively and cheaply than the government .
“ I have been working in lunar exploration for 20 years , ” Wingo said .
“ I knew the value of the tape drives and the tapes . ”
Wingo went for a second opinion from his friend Keith Cowing , who worked for NASA for several years and now operates the NASA Watch website , which frequently aims slings and arrows at space agency administrators .
Cowing agreed that they had stumbled on a treasure trove of space history .
One evening in April 2007 , he and Wingo pulled up to Evans ’ home with two rented trucks and loaded up the dirty , dusty and broken FR - 900s .
Advertisement
Three hundred miles later , they pulled up to the gate at Ames Research Center in Mountain View , probably the only NASA institution that would even consider admitting them and their pile of junk .
Ames Director Pete Worden offered space in an abandoned McDonald ’s that in the heyday of the lunar program had been called “ McMoon’s . ”
The tape drives were installed where customers once ate fries .
Behind the counter , where employees had flipped burgers , stood the massive wall of tapes .
Wingo , who has an engineering physics degree from the University of Alabama , knows his way around a computer .
But repairing the FR - 900s was beyond him .
It was also beyond almost everyone else they tried .
Advertisement
Finally , they heard about an old Army vet , Ken Zin , who knew machinery and happened to work at Ames repairing video equipment .
Zin was a jack - of - all - trades who ’d grown up on a farm in the Central Valley , repairing tractors and dairy equipment .
In the Army , he ’d graduated to fixing top - secret cryptograph machines .
He sat down with Wingo and the rest of the team .
“ Can you make that thing run ? ” they asked him .
“ Yeah , I can make it work , ” Zin replied .
--
Advertisement
A long rebuild
It turned out to be a lot harder than he expected .
“ I had n’t seen that type of stuff for 40 years , ” he said .
Wingo , Cowing and Zin worked into the night with student volunteers , cannibalizing the tape drives to get one machine working .
“ We felt a sense of urgency , ” said Greg Schmidt , deputy director of NASA ’s Lunar Science Institute at Ames .
They had managed to get $ 100,000 from NASA for their project , and decided they would focus their efforts on the Earthrise picture .
Advertisement
The drives kept breaking down .
Rebuilding the demodulator that converted the electronic signals into images proved particularly difficult .
When they could n’t find parts at warehouses , they dug through rusted rocket shells at Ames ’ junkyard to perform what Zin called a “ wrecking yard rebuild . ”
They had been at work for three months when Schmidt got a call from Wingo one afternoon .
“ You ’d better get over here . ”
After 42 years , Cowing gazed again at the image of Earth rising above the lunar landscape .
“ When that picture came up , I had tears in my eyes , ” Cowing said .
Advertisement
Unlike the picture that the public had seen , this version had twice the resolution and four times the dynamic range .
It “ was breathtaking , ” Schmidt said .
“ It felt like looking into the past . ”
--
Newly useful
Advertisement
The project has so far cost $ 250,000 , far less than the $ 6 - million estimate by NASA .
Having succeeded once , the team released its second image this weekend -- the Copernicus crater .
The team eventually hopes to retrieve all 2,000 images from the five missions .
The images will be of more than historical interest .
In April , NASA is scheduled to launch the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter to again map the moon .
This time it will be looking for a site to erect a permanent human base .
By comparing the new images with the old ones , scientists will be able to study changes in the lunar surface .
That information could be invaluable to colonists .
Advertisement
Schmidt flew Nancy Evans up for a small ceremony at Ames in November , when the first image was released .
To the old - timers at NASA , she was a heroine , the best example of a person who , in Schmidt ’s words , “ goes far beyond her professional duties ” in the name of science .
Evans herself was less impressed .
“ Anybody in the same place could have done this , ” she said .
--
Advertisement
john.johnson@latimes.com
Evidence of Explosives In The Twin Tower Collapses .
The South Tower .
The North Tower .
The evidence that the World Trade Center towers were demolished is compelling .
Photographs of explosives detonating during the collapse of both the north and south towers are presented below .
They are taken from two ( publicly available ) videos of the collapses .
Each frame has been numbered by its position in the video .
Both videos were filmed at 30 frames per second , so an eight frame interval covers about one quarter of a second .
The most remarkable aspect of the World Trade Center towers demolition , is that such obvious evidence of the use of explosives , has been completely ignored by the media .
This refusal to report the obvious , clearly illustrates that the " free press " is free , only in name , and anything but free in reality .
That such obvious evidence of explosives has remained " hidden in full view " approaches the unbelievable .
The video evidence that the World Trade Center towers were demolished is indeed compelling .
Consider the following frames which show two distinct lines of explosives detonating across the east face of the south tower .
Frame 147 shows a row of explosives detonating right across the east face at the 79th floor .
Frame 203 shows a row of explosives detonating right across the east face at the 75th floor .
The middle photos show the dust cloud from the explosions outlined in red .
The end photos show the relative positions of the two lines of dust and debris .
It has been claimed that the explosions of dust that span the east face of the tower , were caused by air being forced from the windows as the floors above collapsed .
This explanation is obviously incorrect .
If it was correct , such lines of dust would have been expelled from the windows of each floor in succession .
That is , we would have seen such lines of dust expelled from floors 79 , 78 , 77 , 76 and 75 in succession , but what we observe is an explosion of dust at floor 79 , no new clouds of dust for a few floors , then another ( larger ) explosion of dust at floor 75 .
The second line of explosives is much more powerful than the first , but the dust cloud from the first line of explosives , and the dust and debris from the upper floor collapse , initially obscure this .
The dust due to the visible explosions is a whitish grey .
The dust from the demolition of the upper section ( which is disintegrating as it falls ) is dark grey .
One wonders what caused this difference .
In the video , it is clear that the top 30 or so floors have snapped off and are toppling eastward .
In the above frames , we follow the north - east corner of the tower as this 30 floor section descends .
Using the north - east corner as a reference , I have outlined in red , the progress of this 30 floor section as it descends .
The first thing to note , is that the top section itself must be disintegrating , otherwise ( as the above frames show ) the top section would have extended far into parts of the building that are clearly , as yet , unaffected by the collapse .
But what could possibly cause the top section to disintegrate ?
And in fact , what could possibly cause the top section to almost entirely disintegrate , before the lower section begins to collapse ?
You have to realize that most of the top section had not been affected by the aircraft strike or fires and was thus still the same immensely strong structure that had supported the building for some 30 years .
If this section was going to fall at all , this section would fall as one piece ( like a tree in the forest ) .
Unless , of course , this section had been laced with explosives and was undergoing a controlled demolition of its own , just a few moments before the lower part of the building was demolished .
In the following set of frames showing the North Tower collapse , pay close attention to the horizontal explosions of dust and debris that occur just above the red line marked on the above photograph .
Once again , note that the second layer of explosions is much more powerful than the first and that the dust cloud from the first initially obscures that of the second .
Also , note the large orange areas of hot gas from the explosions .
Recall , that this was about two hours after the aircraft struck the building , so there would be essentially no flammable material left on the floors from which the flash emanates ( as the fire would have already consumed it all ) .
Note that the horizontal explosions of dust on the leftmost side of the tower are already visible and expanding in the first frame .
These continue their expansion through frame nine and subsequent frames .
Similarly , explosions of dust become apparent across the entire width of both ( visible ) faces of the tower , however , between frames 001 and 009 the television mast on top of the tower makes no downward movement at all .
This shows that the horizontal explosions of dust and debris precede the collapse and thus cannot be the cause of it ( in fact , it is these explosions that initiate the collapse ) .
That the horizontal explosions of dust precede the collapse is vividly expressed by the above animated graphic which alternates the first and ninth frames .
This clearly shows that the explosions of dust were not caused by air being forced from the windows as the floors above collapsed ( this was a ridiculous assertion anyway ) .
Since the visible evidence points to only two layers of explosives per tower , one has to conclude that the aircraft were directed to hit particular floors ( possibly by homing beacons in the towers ) .
This would also explain the total lack of solid evidence for the " Arab hijackers " hypothesis ( there was however , a quantity of laughable , obviously manufactured evidence , indicating that this was an attempt to frame the Arabs ) .
Of course the visible explosions ( or at least their dust clouds ) are only part of the story , as the main weight supporting columns in the central core also had to be weakened before the towers would collapse in the way they did .
But what is visible , is more than enough evidence , to conclude that the towers were deliberately demolished .
The above animated graphic alternates the first and 67th frames .
It shows a classic controlled demolition of a 12 story building ( the top 12 stories of the North Tower ) .
Strange how the roofline collapses so evenly , I guess , that all the central core columns and all the perimeter wall columns collapsed simultaneously .
Some coincidence eh ?
The first line of explosives detonated across the 98th floor ( where the collapse began ) .
The second line of detonations occurred across the 92nd floor ( just above the lower red line ) with large flashes of hot gas from the explosions , clearly visible .
Initially , the second line 's detonation is obscured by the dust cloud of the first .
However , being much more powerful detonations , the second line 's dust cloud quickly bursts into view .
A close look at the video / photos shows that the collapse begins at the 98th floor , then the 99th floor collapses onto the 98th , then the 100th floor collapses onto the 98th , then the 101th floor collapses onto the 98th , then the 102th floor collapses onto the 98th , etc until the second line of detonations initiates the final collapse .
So once again , we have the disintegration of the tower above the impact floors , before the collapse of the tower below the impact floors .
Interestingly , this observation disproves the so called pancake theory , where one floor collapses onto the next lower floor , causing that floor to also collapse ( not that the pancake theory made any sense anyway ) .
Here , what we see is 5 or 6 floors in a row , all falling onto the 98th floor , which does not collapse ( until the second line of explosives are detonated , taking out its support ) .
The pancake theory would have the 98th floor collapsing onto the 97th , causing that to collapse onto the 96th , causing that to collapse onto the 95th , etc .
These very strange circumstances , mentioned above , have a very simple explanation :
The twin towers were deliberately demolished .
Occam 's razor , suggests that the simplest explanation , a deliberate demolition , is probably also the correct explanation .
To play the videos you need to download 3ivx .
3ivx is a plug - in for Windows Media Player and QuickTime .
It enables the playing of DivX 3.x , 4.x , 5.x , OpenDivX , XviD , FFMpeg , AngelPotion , SMR , Philips MPEG - 4 , Apple MPEG - 4 , MS - MPEG - 4v3 , 3ivx D3 , D3.5 and 4 , RealMagic MPEG - 4 , Sorenson MPEG - 4 , Blizzard MPEG - 4 and other MPEG - 4 variants and the encoding of high quality MPEG - 4 video .
So , it is a must for your system .
It can be downloaded from http://www.3ivx.com/download
This is an excerpt from an essay I ’ve written in 1988 for a political theory seminar at Munich ’s Ludwig - Maximilians - University .
The whole thesis is 30 pages and I surely will not bore you with all of that .
That means , however , I will have to leave out the many quotes and make it an abstract .
I reanimated the essay in the first place , because there is such a gap between how we Europeans feel about public welfare and the way it ’s almost demonized by many Americans .
The current discussion about health care in the US obviously stresses the discrepancy .
The starting point for the analysis was looking at two expressions .
“ Welfare ” and “ The Pursuit of Happiness . ”
Both terms play a major role in the French and the American revolutions .
How come they mean such different things ?
The French Revolution was sparked by unbearable social injustice .
People were starving and the aristocracy wallowed in pleasures .
Here the writings of the enlightenment fell on fertile ground .
And the call for reform grew louder and louder but in the end the monarchy was n’t reforming quickly enough , if it ever was reformable at all .
The Revolution brought on the first test of the enlightenment ’s ideas practical merits .
The concepts of welfare and happiness had merged increasingly in the political theories of the 18th century in France .
Individual happiness was soon considered equal to the liberty of gaining property and thus prosperity .
Finally there grew an understanding that those , who were not capable of supporting themselves needed to be provided with work , or when unable to work , needed to be alimented .
Jean Jacques
Rousseau the protagonist of happiness as the foundation of any society asked for the promotion of general happiness by ensuring equality not only in rights but in “ indulgencies , ” too .
For him , happiness was an emotional phenomenon which could n’t be codified but he defined the happiness of a society as the sum of the happiness of her individuals .
So he called on the rulers to “ Make the people happy ! ” Property as a means to happiness was for him an unavoidable fact , but on the other hand , the root to all evil .
While these and other theories did n’t require a change in regime yet —
Necker and Turgot two finance ministers of Louis XVI tried some reform of the monarchy partly along those lines — Antoine Marquis de Condorcet went a step further .
He already propagated a form of insurance , designed to protect workers from misery .
And he demanded free of charge public schooling to fight the inequality in education which was at the root of the poverty of the masses .
The French pre-revolutionary society was still an agrarian feudal system and thus wealth was equal to the possession of land .
So , to cure the moral consequences of inequality , more even - handedness of the distribution of property was necessary .
While Rousseau and Montesquieu were still focusing on allaying the consequences of the existing system , the rather obscure French philosopher Abbé Morelly broke entirely with it .
No one was to own more than he needed and everybody was to be employed and alimented by the state .
Education had to be aimed at erasing the concept of individual property .
Welfare and well - being were ultimately defined as economic well - being and thus only the elimination of social inequality would be the road to general happiness .
Consequentially the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen ( 1789 ) and the French Constitution of 1791 showed provisions which accepted the social responsibilities of the state .
Soon in 1793 a much more radical constitution indicated the shifts in power from the moderate Montagnards to the more radical Jacobins .
Society now was deemed responsible for not only moderating inequality but for actively disposing of it .
Two years later , however , after the fall of the Sans Culottes the constitution of 1795 did away with all that and marked temporarily the end of social justice as a foundation of society .
But the idea of economic equality never went away again .
Most Europeans cherish the security a welfare state ( no it is not necessarily a cuss - word here ) provides .
The situation in North America was different .
While a quite densely populated France could n’t provide for it ’s people anymore , a whole continent was at the disposal of the American pioneer settlers , to explore and exploit .
The political writings of American revolutionaries work much more along the line of lex naturalis .
They based their political theories on the assumption that man surrenders a certain amount of liberties to a civil government in exchange of protection against the possible cruelties of life .
As the “ state of nature ” in which no one is subject to anybody is the state of perfect liberty and independence , the assignation of parts of those liberties forms a contract .
The English King had broken his contract and thus gave Americans the right to rebel .
The American Revolution was much more a fight for political liberty than a struggle for economic equality and focused on the premise that being given the liberty to attain wealth and the protection of property is in itself sufficient to ensure equal chances for success .
The Pursuit of Happiness is part of man ’s natural make - up and so the helping hand of a civil government is not called for .
America today , however is not the America of the pioneers .
The country is densely populated and the wealth the country has to give has already been distributed a long time ago .
Not unlike in France in the 18th century there is an upper class , almost aristocratic in its demeanor , and a dwindling middle class on the verge of losing their ability to fare for themselves .
And there are a huge number of poor which are virtually excluded from the American Dream .
What do you think ?
Is it time to rethink the ideas of the French philosophers and put those to the test ?
: : : : : : : : : :
Google has always been in heated competition with Microsoft .
We thought that the competition was becoming hot again when the company behind the dominant Windows OS launched their new search engine Bing with much fanfare .
But that may be nothing compared to the bombshell Google just dropped .
Google announced on their blog tonight that they 're releasing an operating system : Google Chrome OS .
While the company already has a mobile operating system in Android , this new one will be based off of Chrome , Google 's web browser .
According to Google , the open source OS will be available later next year and is primarily targeted at netbooks to start .
From the Google blog :
" Google Chrome OS is an open source , lightweight operating system that will initially be targeted at netbooks .
Later this year we will open - source its code , and netbooks running Google Chrome OS will be available for consumers in the second half of 2010 .
Because we 're already talking to partners about the project , and we 'll soon be working with the open source community , we wanted to share our vision now so everyone understands what we are trying to achieve . "
It is designed to be a lightweight system , just like the Chrome browser .
Unfortunately , Google did n't divulge many other details , and it will be a while until anyone gets their hands on it .
Clearly though , Google 's setting the stage for a major battle with Microsoft .
Just as Microsoft is trying to break Google 's stranglehold on the search engine market , Google may be trying to do the same with the Windows - controlled market .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the historical light vehicle sales ( seasonally adjusted annual rate ) from the BEA ( blue ) and an estimate for July ( red , light vehicle sales of 11.24 million SAAR from AutoData Corp ) .
This is the highest vehicle sales since September 2008 ( 12.5 million SAAR ) .
The second graph shows light vehicle sales since the BEA started keeping data in 1967 .
Although sales were boosted by the " Cash - for - clunkers " program , I think sales would have rebounded some anyway .
If " Cash - for - clunkers " is extended , then August will probably be over 11 million SAAR too , but I 'd expect sales to falter a little later in the year .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy is a regular runner French President Nicolas Sarkozy has been taken to hospital after becoming ill while jogging .
Mr Sarkozy 's chief of staff said the president was " doing well " and talking normally with medics at the military hospital , AFP news agency reported .
The 54 - year - old president is remaining there overnight for what officials said were " routine " tests .
He was flown to the hospital earlier after suffering what was described as a " minor " nerve complaint .
Mr Sarkozy was taken ill while jogging during a humid afternoon at a weekend retreat at the Chateau of Versailles , outside Paris .
The incident occurred after 45 minutes of " intensive physical exercise " , his office said in a statement .
The president is going to have to take more care , work a little less hard and eat a little bit more
French parliamentarian Patrick Balkany
It denied earlier statements that he had lost consciousness .
Mr Sarkozy lay down and received immediate treatment from a personal doctor .
He was flown to the Val de Grace hospital by helicopter , where he was later joined by his wife , Carla Bruni-Sarkozy .
A spokesman said he had also summoned aides to his bedside to keep him up to date with world events .
AFP said Mr Sarkozy had suffered a problem relating to his vagal nerve .
It said a condition known as vasovagal syncope could involve a brief loss of consciousness , and changes in the heart rate or blood pressure , especially if the person is dehydrated .
The vagal nerve is a major nerve that runs from the abdomen to the brain and controls many functions .
Fitness regime French member of parliament Patrick Balkany , an ally of Mr Sarkozy , said everything was " going well " and blamed the problem on a diet he said the president was following to lose weight .
" He 's fine .
He 's hungry .
He 's complaining , " he told French radio .
" The president is going to have to take more care , work a little less hard and eat a little bit more , " he added .
Mr Sarkozy has cancelled an event on Monday but had not as yet changed his schedule for Tuesday .
The president is regularly seen running and is a keen cyclist .
The Elysee Palace said earlier this month that his last medical examination - on 3 July - showed normal results for cardiovascular and blood tests .
Shortly after his election , his first medical bulletin showed him to be in " good " health .
He campaigned for greater transparency of presidential health bulletins during his presidential campaign , yet a brief hospital stay in late 2007 was not revealed until three months after it happened .
Several French presidents have been accused of glossing over health problems , notably the late Francois Mitterrand , who concealed that he was seriously ill with cancer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By accelerating atoms across the dark gap at the centre of this image , researchers think they might be able to create an acoustic black hole capable of producing the first detectable Hawking radiation ( Image : O. Lahav et al . )
An artificial black hole that traps sound instead of light has been created in an attempt to detect theoretical Hawking radiation .
The radiation , proposed by physicist Stephen Hawking more than 30 years ago , causes black holes to evaporate over time .
Astrophysical black holes are created when matter becomes so dense that it collapses to a point called a singularity .
The black hole ’s gravity is so great that nothing – not even light – can escape from a boundary around it called an event horizon .
But physicists have also been developing ‘ black holes ’ for sound .
They do this by coaxing a material to move faster than the speed of sound in that medium , so that sound waves travelling within it cannot keep up , like fish swimming in a fast - moving stream .
The sound is effectively trapped in the stream - like event horizon .
Advertisement
Quantum state
The materials physicists are focusing on are called Bose - Einstein condensates ( BECs ) , a quantum state of matter where a clump of atoms behaves like a single atom .
Condensates have been made that move supersonically before , so physicists have likely created acoustic black holes in the process of working with BECs , says Eric Cornell of the University of Colorado at Boulder , who shared a 2001 Nobel Prize for the development of Bose - Einstein condensates .
But he says a new study by Jeff Steinhauer of the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology in Haifa and colleagues is the first documented experiment directly aimed at producing Hawking radiation in a BEC .
Supersonic flow
The team cooled 100,000 or so charged rubidium atoms to a few billionths of a degree above absolute zero and trapped them with a magnetic field .
Using a laser , the researchers then created a well of electric potential that attracted the atoms and caused them to zip across the well faster than the speed of sound in the material .
This setup created a supersonic flow that lasted for some 8 milliseconds , fleetingly forming an acoustic black hole capable of trapping sound .
The implications of such work could be profound , as it could lead to the first detection of Hawking radiation .
Quantum mechanics says that pairs of particles can spontaneously appear out of empty space .
These pairs , which consist of a particle and its antiparticle , should exist for a fleeting moment before they annihilate each other and disappear .
But in the 1970s , Hawking proposed that if the pair was created near the edge of a black hole , one particle might fall in before it is destroyed , leaving its partner stranded outside the event horizon .
To observers , this particle would appear as radiation .
In acoustic black holes , Hawking radiation would take the form of particle - like packets of vibrational energy called phonons .
Big boon
Finding Hawking radiation would be a big boon for physics , says cosmologist Sean Carroll of Caltech .
“ For one thing , Stephen Hawking would win the Nobel Prize , ” Carroll told New Scientist .
“ But it would more just show us that we ’re on the right track . ”
That ’s because Hawking ’s theory makes some fundamental propositions about how quantum mechanics works in space that is curved by gravity .
The underlying math is used to calculate how the universe behaved during a period called inflation , when space rapidly expanded soon after the big bang .
Detecting Hawking radiation through astronomical observations , however , is difficult , because the evaporation of typical black holes is obscured by higher - energy sources of radiation , including the cosmic microwave background , the afterglow of the big bang .
‘ First step ’
And researchers still have a way to go before they can detect Hawking radiation in acoustic black holes .
Steinhauer ’s team , for example , estimates that the boost in velocity that atoms get in their setup must be about 10 times bigger in order to create detectable Hawking radiation in the form of phonons .
“ Actually detecting the sound waves produced by the hole is really tough .
But this is an exciting first step , ” says Bill Unruh of the University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , who first proposed the idea of using quantum fluids to create artificial event horizons .
Cornell agrees , adding that the team needs to make the BEC flow much more smoothly in order to measure the subtle sign of Hawking radiation .
“ What they ’ve done is kind of the easy part , ” he told New Scientist .
“ The hard part is to do that in such a quiet way that you can see all the tiny fluctuations on top of all the violent things you ’ve done to the condensate [ to make it go supersonic ] . ”
Cornell and his colleagues are building their own experimental setup to produce acoustic event horizons .
Laser pulses
And others hope to produce detectable Hawking radiation in the lab using light .
In 2008 , a team created an artificial event horizon in an optical fibre , exploiting the fact that different wavelengths of light move at different speeds in the fibre .
They did this by sending a relatively slow - moving pulse down the fibre .
This distorted the fibre ’s optical properties , so that when a second , faster pulse caught up with the first one , it was slowed down and effectively became trapped behind the event - horizon - like leading edge of the first pulse .
An astrophysical detection of Hawking radiation may still be possible .
The smaller a black hole is , the higher the energy its Hawking radiation is .
So the evaporation of microscopic black holes that some researchers suspect were created almost immediately after the big bang might be detectable using NASA ’s Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope , which launched in 2008 .
Heat waves out West are getting worse as the climate changes , a new study finds .
One example : From mid July to early August 2006 , a heat wave swept through the southwestern United States .
Temperature records were broken at many locations and unusually high humidity levels were recorded .
The event included extreme muggy heat that is part of a trend of increasing nighttime heat wave activity observed over the last six decades , the researchers said in a statement today .
This trend has accelerated since the 1980s and has become especially prevalent in this decade , they conclude .
The results are not isolated , and they fit with predictions that a warmer world will produce greater extremes .
A study in 2007 found European heat waves are nearly twice as long as they were a century ago and the number of hot summer days there have tripled .
Why it matters :
Other studies show heat waves are deadlier than hurricanes or tornadoes , and they have been so throughout modern history .
Climate experts have warned that the sort of serious heat wave that is now possible given current climate conditions , but which has not struck yet , could kill thousands of U.S. residents .
And there 's some irony in the problem :
As heat waves worsen , more energy is used to run air conditioners .
If the electricity is generated using fossil fuels , this could also mean even more emissions of heat - trapping gases that cause climate change , scientists wrote in the Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology last year .
" Electricity demand for industrial and home cooling increases near linearly with temperature , " said the leader of that study , Norman Miller , an earth scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and geography professor at the University of California , Berkeley .
" In the future , widespread climate warming across the western U.S. could further strain the electricity grid , making brownouts or even rolling blackouts more frequent , " Miller said .
The nighttime heat waves of 2001 , 2003 and 2006 were each unprecedented on record when they occurred .
The source of the moisture that propelled the heat waves was an area of the eastern Pacific Ocean where a strong increase in sea surface temperatures has been observed and linked to global - scale trends of human - induced warming of the upper oceans , the new study found .
" Water vapor is the main greenhouse gas .
During the night in humid environments , air does n't cool nearly as much as it does in dry conditions , " said study leader Alexander Gershunov of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego .
" Elevated humidity also causes heat waves to last longer , " Gershunov explained .
" Hotter nights pre-condition hotter days and the cycle feeds on itself until the winds change .
The weather pattern that traditionally causes heat waves in California is tending to bring with it more humidity , changing the character of heat waves from the dry daytime heat and cool nights typical for this region , to the muggy heat around the clock that locals are simply not accustomed to . "
The 2006 event in particular stressed the state 's emergency services programs and killed so many dairy cows that milk production fell 10 percent .
A preliminary version of the study was published July 27 in the online edition of the American Meteorological Society 's Journal of Climate .
Miller 's team , in last year 's study , also looked at the increase in heat - wave severity .
In 2008 , California experienced an unusually early heat wave in May , they noted : Some 119 new daily high temperature records were set during the May heat wave , including the earliest day in the year in which Death Valley temperatures reached 120 degrees Fahrenheit ( on May 19 , beating the old record of May 25 set in 1913 ) .
There 's been no letup in the Southwest this year .
In Phoenix , this July was the hottest on record , with the average of all highs and lows for the month being 98.3 degrees .
One reason , meteorologists said : Overnight lows were much warmer than normal .
Hi , this is the 7th part of a series of posts on 30 tips to becoming a better developer .
If you would like to keep up to date with the topics that I am covering , just check the main post .
One of the easiest ways to design software is to use the responsibility of each class as a guiding tool to improve your code .
However , few people use this simple technique to create truly outstanding software .
The single responsibility principle ( SRP ) is a software development principle that states that each class should have one and only one major responsibility in the system .
Any class with more than one major responsibility should be broken up into smaller classes ( we can also merge together classes that do the same thing ) .
Another definition , from wikipedia.org / wiki/Single_responsibility_principle :
“ … the single responsibility principle states that every object should have a single responsibility , and that all its services should be narrowly aligned with that responsibility . ”
Let us first understand why this works , and then how we can use the single responsibility principle ( SRP ) in practice .
Reasons
Why the SRP works
The main reason is that giving a single responsibility for each class is just a compact way of describing object orientation .
Let us try to describing object oriented code through the lights of the SRP :
Methods are associated to a class because they have something to do with that class .
If a class has too many responsibilities , the methods there have no reason to exist inside the class .
So , the idea that objects have associated methods makes sense only if the SRP is used .
Polymorphism is necessary because classes in the same hierarchy respond to messages in different ways .
However , this is possible only if there is a standard set of messages that make sense for a class .
The SRP says that each class in the hierarchy must have a single purpose , and this purpose is defined by how they answer to a specific message , by its polymorphism .
Moreover , giving a class a single responsibility is a great way of defining the scope of a class .
Instead of piling methods together , you are just looking for a functionality set that go together well .
How to Apply the SRP in Practice
The easy answer for that is just : refactoring !
First , go through your design and try to identify the responsibility of each class .
The way I like to do this is to create a comment on the top of each class starting like this : “ this class is responsible for … ”
If you cannot state in a few words what the responsibility of the class is , then you are probably doing too much .
Another clue is given by abstract descriptions like : “ this class is a manager for … ” .
Such descriptions hide the fact that a class has no focus .
Try to give a better description of what this class does , or change it to improve its focus .
Further Reading
The single responsibility principle has been explained by many writers .
Here are a few that I like :
Head First Design Patterns : easy to read , and has lots of examples of the principle at work .
Agile Principles , Patterns , and Practices in C# : A Rob Martin Book , with lots of insights on software development ( and not only for C# programmers ) .
Go to the next post of the series :
[ foto credit : www.flickr.com/photos/papalamour/2856099282]
Similar Posts :
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
One week and counting .
An unprecedented number of states have only days left to pass their fiscal 2010 budgets .
At least 19 states are still hammering out their spending plans as the recession wreaks havoc with their finances and sparks fights between governors and lawmakers .
If spending plans are n't approved , state workers may not receive their paychecks and some government offices may shut down .
" A lot of states are coming down to the wire , " said Todd Haggerty , research analyst for the National Conference of State Legislatures .
" More than what 's typical .
The unprecedented economic situation is creating a lot of difficulty this year . "
Some 46 states end their fiscal years on June 30 and all but one require balanced budgets be adopted .
States are struggling to close shortfalls totaling $ 121 billion for fiscal 2010 as the recession decimates tax revenues .
The budget battles have even landed some in court .
In Arizona , Republican Gov. Jan Brewer has filed a lawsuit against the Republican - controlled legislature seeking to compel lawmakers to send her the budget it passed on June 4 .
The lawmakers are holding back until an agreement is reached because she has said she would veto it .
Leaders are at odds over how to contend with a deficit that exceeds $ 3 billion .
The governor has proposed raising taxes , including hiking the sales tax by a percentage point , while the legislators are cutting spending .
Brewer is hoping lawmakers will send her a budget before Arizona has to start shutting down non-essential state services .
That would require some major changes since she does not support the current spending plans .
" She does n't think much of what 's in them , " said Paul Senseman , the governor 's spokesman .
Arizona Senate President Bob Burns is also confident that the two sides will reach an agreement and avoid a government shut down .
The two branches are meeting daily , a spokeswoman for Burns said .
In some states , the leaders are n't even talking .
Pennsylvania 's governor and Senate Republicans , who have to close a $ 3.2 billion gap for the current year , are not negotiating on their budgets .
" There 's been no significant movement on the budget , " said Chuck Ardo , press secretary for Gov. Ed Rendell , who is prepared to cancel his African safari in August if the budget is n't set .
The governor 's $ 28.4 billion budget seeks to raise the personal income tax rate by half - a- percentage point and draining the commonwealth 's $ 750 million rainy day fund .
Senate Republicans ' $ 27.3 billion plan looks to cut spending on areas such as education and community revitalization .
Though the states has never passed a budget on time during Rendell 's seven years in office , both sides agree this year is the worst standoff ever .
" It 's hard to see how a meeting would be productive given the two very different points of view , " said Erik Arneson , communications director for Senate Majority Leader Dominic Pileggi .
" At this point , there 's no support in our caucus for a tax increase . "
Sending IOUs instead of $ $ $
If states do n't pass their budgets on time , one of three things usually happens , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures .
Lawmakers can pass temporary appropriations measures to keep the doors open and bills paid .
Some states have provisions that maintain funding for agencies and services even without a budget .
Sometimes , however , the government faces a shutdown .
When Tennessee officials failed to pass a budget on time in 2002 , classes stopped at public universities , drivers licenses were not issued and road construction ceased .
Pennsylvania 's Rendell has already said state workers would have to stay on the job without being paid if the budget is n't approved .
Services will start to be affected if the budget standoff continues beyond its typical week 's delay .
Even states that have passed budgets are struggling to close expanding deficits .
California approved its budget in February , but lawmakers and the governor are now locking horns over how to solve a $ 24 billion shortfall before June 30 .
The legislature presented a budget proposal last week that includes $ 11.4 billion in cuts and $ 2 billion in revenue hikes , but Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger dismissed it as a piecemeal approach full of gimmicks .
If a budget is n't passed in coming days , California will run out of cash and be forced to start issuing IOUs , Controller John Chiang said on Wednesday .
The state faced a similar situation in February , but at that time it had the option of withholding $ 3 billion in state tax refunds .
Now , it does n't have that cushion .
Also , the shortfall is now nearly five times as large , forcing the controller to withhold payments to local governments for social services , private contractors , state vendors , as well as income and corporate tax refunds .
" Next Wednesday we start a fiscal year with a massively unbalanced spending plan and a cash shortfall not seen since the Great Depression , " Chiang said .
" The state 's $ 2.8 billion cash shortage in July grows to $ 6.5 billion in September , and after that we see a double - digit freefall . "
Was it all a hoax ; was there ever any intention by those in power to do anything other than subjugate and enslave the majority to the benefit of the patrician class ?
Was there ever a government " of the people , by the people and for the people " before or after those famous words were uttered by what could arguably be called the arch criminal of the 19th Century at Gettysburg in November of 1863 ?
H.L. Mencken saw through the rhetoric and prose of Lincoln ’s brief speech to the core issue : it was the Confederates who were fighting for the right of determination , not the government of Lincoln , the same government now in full blown war against liberty and individual rights .
Kenneth Royce , aka Boston Tea Party , presents a compelling case that our Constitution was designed to allow all of the criminal acts now being perpetrated on the people of this country in his book " Hologram of Liberty : The Constitution ’s shocking alliance with big government . "
Professor Tom DiLorenzo outlines the plans of Hamilton to subjugate the producing class with a central bank and mercantilism , a curse that lives with us today , but being fought valiantly by Congressman Ron Paul and the courageous Austrian economists at LRC .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
In the America in which we now live , the government is totally corrupt ; this includes the courts , the judges , the prosecutors , and those paid to " serve and protect . "
They all have taken an oath to " protect and defend " but set about immediately to destroy the object of their sworn allegiance .
Those of us who cherish and tenaciously hang on to our human rights are now seen as " domestic terrorists " and a threat to their criminal enterprise .
Recently , I received an email from a reader who asked if I " advocated the overthrow of the U.S. Government . "
I replied that I did not wish to overthrow anything ; the government was imploding on its own and as a free man I had no need of government or any of its programs and it is a thoroughly corrupt government that is determined to overthrow liberty and enslave us all .
Government and liberty cannot exist on the same plane ; government will continue to accrue power and the resources of others until liberty can no longer survive .
Government is the enemy of liberty , as liberty is the enemy of government .
Big government must destroy liberty or cease to exist .
The government that Lincoln represented is the same government that robbed the American Indian of his land and his pride , enslaved him on a reservation and relegated his ancestors to a life of poverty and dependence on its master for the " commodities " of life .
The American Indian , with free health care , free dental care and free eye care has a life expectancy far below those who pay their own way ?
The Revolution : A Mani ... Ron Paul Best Price : $ 0.10 Buy New $ 9.90 ( as of 10:54 EST - Details )
It is Lincoln ’s government that enslaved the Black race with a system of " entitlements " and dependency , the end result being mass poverty and crime .
Many Blacks live now on that great Federal Plantation .
Black on Black crime in America is a national tragedy , but Black leaders would rather focus on racism , both theirs and that which they create .
They convince their constituents they have a right to the property of others .
It gets more votes and fills more bank accounts than focusing on crime , gangs , teenage pregnancy and broken families .
Black leaders actually endorse the enslavement of their own race .
There are many Blacks in America who have not bought into the scam .
They are honest and work hard for what they have .
They are the true victims their leaders have ignored .
Lincoln ’s government shut down the opposition press ; today they own it .
Now they work tirelessly to control the free exchange of ideas on the Internet .
Lincoln and his war criminals sought not only to defeat the South and their quest for self - determination but also to eliminate the people themselves .
No one said it better than the man responsible for the heralded " March to the Sea , " General William Tecumseh Sherman , when he wrote to his wife , " extermination , not of the soldiers alone , that is the least part of the trouble , but the people . "
Lincoln ’s criminals pillaged , plundered , burned and raped their way across the South for the better part of four years .
Civilians ( Black and White ) were the favorite targets ; Atlanta and Savannah Georgia ; Jackson and Meridian Mississippi ; Harrisonburg , Dayton and Bridgewater Virginia , all came under attack even though no Confederate Armies were present at the time of the attacks and barbarism .
Hologram of Liberty : T... Boston T. Party Best Price : $ 11.84 Buy New $ 21.98 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
When one looks at the government ’s body of work as it pertains to those who dare resist tyranny , how can one ever doubt the ability of that government to shoot 14 - year - old children in the back , a mother in the face , burn men , women and children in their church , falsely imprison the innocent , lie about wars in which tens of thousands have died and lie about terrorist acts and who was responsible .
To believe for a moment we have government of the people is unfathomable .
The people were overwhelmingly against the TARP bailouts ; yet we got them anyway .
Large portions of people in this country do not believe in infanticide ; yet we kill thousands of unborn every day .
There is a great deal of opposition to those nominated to the Supreme Court ; yet those who claim to disagree with the appointments overwhelmingly approve them .
This government has decreed those who believe in the rule of law ; the right to self - determination ; the right to defend themselves ; veterans who have or might awaken to the tyranny ; those who support political candidates who oppose criminal government and those who believe killing a living being to be murder , the enemy .
Because of my beliefs and my thirst for liberty , they have branded me a " domestic terrorist . "
If that means I oppose tyranny and corruption , then I am damn proud to be one .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
By David Reid
Reporter , BBC Click
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The internet has revolutionised the speed at which people communicate .
Now the Swiss postal service is hoping to do the same for regular snail mail .
The company offers a service called Swiss Post Box to customers wanting to receive their physical letters over the internet .
This system was first developed by the Seattle - based company Earth Class Mail , which has its own subscribers around the world .
' Relevant mail '
For 14 euros ( £ 12 ) a month , letters are redirected to a secret location in Zurich where the envelopes are scanned and an image is e-mailed out to customers .
They can then decide whether letters should be opened and scanned by vetted personnel sworn to secrecy , or simply shredded .
Frank Marthaler from Swiss
Post said the service cuts down on junk mail Frank Marthaler , executive vice president of Swiss Post , said this enables customers to spend time reading only the letters that they want .
" You will get a higher relevance of mail you really get and you want to have because the others would be shredded and recycled , " he explained .
His subscriber base started with small target groups : " Those are of course expats , but obviously also consultants working across Europe or even globally , who want to be online with their home . "
Internet power
The Swiss Post Box service is currently only available in Switzerland and Germany , with plans to expand to locations in France , Italy and Austria this year .
The service is tapping into the power of the internet which is replacing snail mail business with e-mails , documents in PDF files and downloads .
Postman Claude Monney says people will always write and post letters " A proportion of letters that were previously posted have now been replaced by e-mails , SMS , etc , " said Miguel Sanchez , head of distribution for Geneva at Swiss Post .
One person who does not think snail mail has had its day is postman Claude Monney .
" I think we will always have postmen .
There are people who just love putting pen to paper and sending it through the post .
I 'm not scared , " he told Click .
" I love being outside .
And you form a bond with the customers .
You can have a chat .
It 's wonderful , " he added .
Trust
The postal firm are aiming to re-create this bond with the customer in the online world - it wants to build up a reputation for handling personal data reliably .
" Every postal business is a real trusted third party in their countries .
What we are lacking to do real business online is this third party trust , " explained Mr Marthaler .
" The internet is a fantastic tool , but it is also a wide space for criminals and what we try to really be is the trusted third party in this environment , " he added .
Watch Click on BBC News Channel , Saturday 29 August at 11.30 ( BST ) .
YOUR COMMENTS
Living abroad as a student ( i.e. non-resident ) , I need to keep a UK address for mail ; this is much better than having to get a friend to open it and scan it for me as a favour each time something arrives .
Mark , NC , USA I still love receiving ' snail ' mail because it makes you feel special and shows that the writer cares enough about you to sit down and write to you with proper spelling , punctuation and all .
Ibrahim Jamilu , Kano , Nigeria
I prefer junk mail come by e-mail so I can just delete it without having to handle anything .
There is nothing quite like getting a hand written card or letter in the snail mail .
Mary , Santa Rosa , California , USA I 'd actually prefer it the other way around .
I hate having to queue up in the post office , but would love to send my grandparents for example , more letters .
I would love a system , where I could e-mail and the letter would be printed out , stuck in an envelope and sent .
Jonathan Green , Tenerife , Spain
As with all communication technologies , there will always be a place for the postal service .
The way we use it might change , but most of us love to receive a tangible form of contact from time to time .
Even if it 's just a mailing from a wine club , it feels more personal than an e-mail .
Marketeers will pick up on this and I expect to receive more , highly personalised , mailings in the future .
A handwritten letter or card will always carry more weight than a virtual message .
Probably even more so in the future when people have never known anything but digital communication .
Andrew Knowles , Alton , Hampshire I would prefer my mail to come as normal otherwise I would use e-mail for everything there again I am a dinosaur .
Andrew Eves , Sydney , Australia Interesting article .
I work in postal services in Slovakia and it is worth to try .
Karol , Bratislava I consider the Swiss proposal too risky and not worth the cost .
Selwyn Guest - Dunager , Auckland , New Zealand I can see its purpose for bills and junk mail , but I still love writing letters .
My girlfriend and I still IM , SMS and write e-mails .
But when we are away from each other for long periods , nothing beats the sincerity and love that only a handwritten letter can express .
Jake , USA
Most of my post is already by e-mail - gas , electric , phone , broadband , mobile bills are all by email as are my bank statements and credit card bills .
This caused difficulty recently when I needed to provide a recent utility bill as proof of address and could n't as they would not accept a printed copy of a gas bill !
Simon Buchannon , Birmingham
Of course I would like my mail delivered by hand .
The subtext here is , would I like the unwanted rubbish and advertising filtered out and shredded ?
As this now amounts to around 60 % of my mail , I would be happy to pay for this service .
Bob Clarkson , Croydon , Surrey
The Italian mail service is appalling and I bet it would take them a week just to scan the envelopes which would defy the purpose .
Maybe it 's something that can work in countries like Switzerland and Germany , I certainly can't imagine it being done in Italy .
Peggy , Trieste , Italy
It needs two improvements , or one may lead to the other .
For recipients registered with the post office to receive mails as e-mail , or senders wishing to send their snail mail as e-mail , an automated facility should scan the contents and email it to the recipient .
With the human intervention missing , the costs could come down to acceptable levels .
This may be hugely helpful in country like India , where majority of people do not have access to IT and yet would like to send letter at rocket speed .
Ranjit Kumar , Madison , US I have not written a personal letter in anything other than electronic format for more than a decade .
And I am what my son refers to as a BBT : Born Before Technology .
I have only two friends who still send letters by snail mail .
One lives in Holland and is almost 60 and one lives in the US and is almost 70 years old .
I usually call them when I receive their letters .
Though it is nice to get a letter in the mailbox , it is much nicer , more direct , immediate and satisfying to have a " conversation " that does n't have to wait three weeks for the post to arrive .
Theresa , Johannesburg , South Africa
I love going to the mail box to find that special card or letter .
I hope it will continue to be there for me and others to enjoy .
Email is great , but there is that special something when someone has taken time to send a greeting via of the postal service .
To have an envelope to open with a surprise greeting lifts my spirits .
LaDonna Benshoof , Medford , USA
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Guess it would look like this .
Maybe it would look different .
Some guy named Radix ( rad name ) thinks it would look like this .
He released a demo to prove it !
Advertisement
The demo lets players walk around a dungeon and attack baddies from The Legend of Zelda all from a first person p.o.v. and in 3D .
FPS Zelda [ Phenex via Infendo ]
When LittleBigPlanet for the PSP was announced at this year ’s E3 , many believed some kind of connectivity between the handheld and the PS3 version .
Sony left many people disappointed with the lack of an announcement .
However , word has gotten out that there will indeed be some form of connectivity between the two platforms .
This connectivity feature is being called , by Sony , “ Cross - Talk ” .
At this time , it is unclear whether both platforms would receive bonus content , has yet to be seen .
It seems that Sony really is focusing on PSP software this year , as reportedly , they are going to do a “ multi- million dollar marketing push ” for the game .
One piece of news that will get all potential buyers happy , a PlayStation Network demo is confirmed .
[ Source ]
The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Thursday 30 July 2009
In a report below about iPhone applications we quoted Steve Jobs , the founder and CEO of Apple , saying " iPhone is off to a great start – we hope to sell our one - millionth iPhone by the end of its first full quarter of sales – and our new product pipeline is very strong . "
That statement was not made earlier this month , as we said : it came from an Apple press release dated 25 July 2007 .
On 21 July Apple said it sold over 5.2 m iPhones in the third quarter of 2009 .
One day , Lance Stewart was trying to get out of Oxford Circus tube station in a hurry .
" I got off the train and suddenly found myself behind a huge crowd of people blocking my way to the exit .
I was just an average Joe in the rat race getting frustrated by being stuck behind the crowds . "
Then Stewart had a brainwave .
What he needed was to get the jump on the crowds by knowing which carriage he should board to arrive at the platform exit .
If he somehow knew , for every station platform on the London Underground network , which carriage would arrive at a station next to the platform exit , he would never be stuck behind foot - dragging tourists again .
And then he had an even better idea .
He would put all this information into the form of an iPhone application for other commuters .
He would sell it to them and quit his job working for Virgin .
Only one problem : there are more than 700 platforms at London Underground 's 268 stations .
" At first I hired somebody to go round the stations compiling the data , but they did n't do a very good job , so I did it myself . "
He then approached an apps developer with his idea .
" I know nothing about creating an app – I did n't even have an iPhone at the time .
I just had the content . "
Tube Exits has been a popular iPhone app since its launch on 16 June .
It comes in two versions : one is free but only gives you the information for the Underground 's busiest 12 stations , the other costs £ 1.79 and covers the whole network .
" The idea was that it was the price of a zone 1 ticket , but you could use it again and again . "
Has the app made the 33 - year - old Australian rich ?
" Nah .
It 's covered my costs , which were about £ 3,000 , but it certainly is n't a retirement plan . "
That said , Stewart is now developing a similar app for the Paris Metro and sees no reason why his original idea can't be applied to other metro networks around the world .
I point out to Stewart that his is n't a new idea : there used to be a little booklet giving London Underground users the same information .
" The great thing about my app is that it can be changed really quickly when users report errors , " counters Stewart .
" I made a mistake about how to get out of Temple station and have now corrected it .
I can revise and revise until it's perfect . "
Tube Exits is just one of an estimated 100,000 apps that will exist by the end of this year .
Apps are mobile applications designed to be used on smartphones such as iPhones or BlackBerrys or devices such as the iPod Touch .
Ilja Laurs , chief executive of GetJar , a leading independent application store , told the MobileBeats conference in San Francisco earlier this month that apps could be bigger than the internet by 2020 .
Some 65,000 apps are currently available for Apple 's iPhones from the corporation 's App Store , which marked its first anniversary earlier this summer .
But in that year , the apps industry has grown exponentially – the total number of Apple 's App Store downloads recently passed the 1.5 bn mark .
The App Store 's success is reportedly a surprise to Apple , but presumably an even bigger and nastier one to competitors such as Research in Motion ( who make BlackBerrys ) and Nokia ( the world 's biggest mobile phone maker ) .
The App Store 's staggering success has led nearly every maker of a smartphone operating system to mimic Apple 's business model : make it very easy for smartphone users to buy or freely download software created by from third - party developers .
At the moment Apple has something of a stranglehold on apps : Tube Exits is typical in that it can only be used on Apple mobile hardware ( ie iPhones and iPod Touches ) .
Apple has even won , if unwittingly , the battle of nomenclature : apps could have just as easily been called programmes or software but instead they are called apps , echoing the corporation 's first syllable and thus stressing their seemingly umbilical link to one particular supplier of smartphone hardware .
What are apps ?
Some are games ( such as Who Has The Biggest Brain ? , which was played by 25 million people on the internet before being launched as an iPhone app , and its rival The Moron Test ) , some are silly ( one allows you to download the image of a fan on to the screen of your iPhone , the aim being to make you feel cooler ) , some are edifying ( one app consists of an audiobook of Hegel 's Lectures on the Philosophy of History , whose text scrolls on the phone 's screen as you hear it read aloud ) .
Among the most popular is a now venerable one called iBeer , which transforms your iPhone into the simulation of a beer glass .
Tilt it to your mouth and you seem to be drinking beer .
There is even a way of seeming to pour virtual beer from one iPhone to another .
And they say technology is all about progress .
In the first few months of the App Store , amateur software developers made tens of thousands of pounds each from fatuous software downloaded by iPhone - owning hipsters with , or so you might think , more money than sense – and far , far too much free time .
Thus , Kostas Eleftheriou , 25 , spent a week developing the iSteam application , allowing iPhone users to scrawl messages on the virtual steamed - up screen of their phone , complete with droplets of condensation and squeaky sound effects – and made £ 40,000 from sales .
Joel Comm developed iFart , which in its first few weeks earned him £ 5,000 a day .
It allowed you to use your iPhone to make farting noises .
Classy .
More recently , the most popular apps are those that enrich the users life in rather more sophisticated ways – or at least take the edge off some of life 's ( admittedly petty ) problems .
Hence , then , the success of an app such as Tube Exits or the free app Urbanspoon , which uses GPS to provide you with a list of restaurants near where you happen to be .
It also allows you to check reviews of the restaurant before booking .
Now , you can use an app to do the shopping , play a musical instrument or type an email as you walk along the street without getting ( justifiably ) filled in by oncoming pedestrians – see panel overleaf .
Annoyingly , there was also , for a while , an app that enabled you to find train times while out and about .
But , if you go to the website , you 'll find only this message from the nameless developer : " I 'm afraid National Rail Enquiries have asked us to take down our site , as we are using their resources server without permission . "
Shame .
What 's especially striking about apps is how quickly they have become moneyspinners for Steve Jobs , founder and CEO of Apple .
When the iPhone was launched , there were many sceptical voices .
It was too expensive , too readily nickable , too much of a triumph of what techies could do over what customers wanted to be for it to be a success .
Apps have changed all that .
Apple 's net revenue from apps – it takes 30 % of each app sale – could overtake YouTube in 2010 , says James Mitchell of Goldman Sachs .
But , in a sense , that is not what is really important to Apple .
What 's really important is the sales of hardware these products generate .
The iPhone , after all , is the major reason Apple 's App Store exists in the first place .
And they are selling well .
Earlier this month , announcing recession - bucking quarterly revenue figures ( up 12 % on the same period last year , and generating record profits of $ 1.23 bn ) , Jobs said : " iPhone is off to a great start – we hope to sell our one - millionth iPhone by the end of its first full quarter of sales – and our new product pipeline is very strong . "
Bizarrely , given Apple 's success , the California technology giant declined to be interviewed for this article , but analysts such as Jack Gold at J Gold Associates point out that apps have made iPhones and iPod Touches more desirable than initially seemed likely .
" It 's a great thing for Apple , and has established a whole ecosystem around the iPhone , " says Gold , " but I 'm not sure how much money the developers selling applications on it are making . "
Indeed , this is the most resonant aspect of the story : people such as Lance Stewart with a clever idea can get their apps developed in a cottage - industry milieu , but it is still the Apple empire that benefits most from their work and that seems zietgeisty and counter - cultural by association .
Some 90 % of apps do n't make profits for those who create them .
Apple would not tell me how much money it makes from its App Store .
Many apps are free .
They seem , then , to demonstrate the truth of the freeconomics thesis developed by Chris Anderson , editor of Wired magazine , whereby consumers will have less and less cause to dip into their pockets to pay for product since the price is borne by advertisers .
And this has happened with apps : advertising – to which apps users are exposed – bankrolls both Apple and the developers .
That said , a recent survey found that most free apps do n't make any money .
Why ?
Because 54 % of free apps have fewer than 1,000 users and as a result advertisers do n't care to have their wares displayed before such meagre audiences .
What 's more , a large proportion of apps are bought or freely downloaded and then hardly ever used .
Apple 's business model seems to rest precariously on faddy customers ' tastes .
Apple is ruthlessly astute in protecting its business model .
Right now , it is considering whether to allow Spotify , the Stockholm - based music streaming service , to run an app on iPhone .
It is a tricky issue for Apple because what Spotify plans to offer iPhone users – an unlimited on - demand music service – competes with Apple 's own iTunes .
Simon Oliver 's story typifies how app development has fostered creativity .
Oliver dreamed of being a video games developer , but never managed to succeed in a cut - throat , heavily competitive market .
Then he realised that he could design games as iPhone apps : the entry costs were lower and the competition less intense .
He developed a game called Rolando , posted it on YouTube and was as a result approached by a games company , Ngmoco , which develops games apps for iPhone .
Oliver says that the low barrier to entry means " that almost anyone with an idea can get their content out there " .
Games apps , though , do n't dominate the App Store .
" There has been a shift since the App Store launched just over a year ago , " says Stewart .
" Originally the most popular were games devised to fill up the empty minutes of our lives or daft apps like the one that fogged your screen .
Now , more and more , the successful apps are ones that actually improve your life or iron out real - life wrinkles . "
At this point in the interview , Stewart yelps loudly .
He has just been informed by his ECB ( English Cricket Board ) app that Australia have lost another wicket in the test match .
Whether that app has helped him with his life is a moot point .
But Stewart makes a good point : lifestyle apps are the new thing , and perhaps the only thing that will make the fad for apps endure .
One indication of how apps are mutating came the other week on Top Gear , when Stephen Fry disclosed that there was a new app for cruising gay men .
Called Grindr , it uses GPS technology to determine your exact location and gives you data on other cruising gay men nearby .
" Guys into other guys are just a quick download away , " says the blurb for Grindr .
If you 're new in town , the blurb adds , Grindr can help you find Mr Right or Mr Tonight .
Hopefully it also helps you to give wide berths to Mr Wrong and Mr Never .
It 's not just libidinous gay men who are finding that iPhone apps can appealingly finesse their lifestyles .
The Catholic church has an app called iBreviary , which " allows the believer to pray simply via an intuitive interface " , according to a communique from the Vatican 's Council for Social Communications .
iBreviary , which is free , is updated with prayers each day .
There is also an app that keeps its users updated with the pope 's recent speeches , so if the pope condemns gay social networking apps such as Grindr , they will probably be the first to know .
My favourite religious app is iBlessing , which is billed as " keeping you kosher via iPhone " and tells you the correct prayer to recite in Hebrew over a particular dish .
Another Jewish app called Siddur uses the same GPS technology to give prayer times .
I also like two Islamic apps : Ela -Salaaty reminds Muslims when to pray , while Face Makkah also uses GPS to tell you where Mecca is in relation to you , so that you can kneel in the right direction during prayer .
The same GPS technology is also behind an app that enables you to find local marijuana suppliers .
The $ 2.99 application , using information from the iMedicalCannabis.org website , aims to help people locate legal medical suppliers in the US .
Apps have often crossed the line between the sacred and the profane .
There was a free app called BeautyMeter , which let users upload photos of themselves that were then rated by others .
It was removed by Apple when the image of a topless and mostly bottomless 15 - year - old girl appeared on the app last month .
Apple also acted quickly to suppress Baby Shaker , an app that , for 99 cents , featured the image and sound of a crying baby .
You shook your iPhone and the drawing of a crying baby would be replaced by a calm and silent one .
" Not only are they making fun of shaken baby syndrome but they are actually encouraging it , " said Marilyn Barr , founder of the National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome .
" This is absolutely terrible . "
Then there was an app called I Am Rich designed by satirical German developer Armin Heinrich .
Once downloaded and activated , it displayed a glowing , red " ruby " on the user 's iPhone screen – an enduring testament to the owner 's lack of taste and their excess of wherewithal .
Heinrich wrote in his App Store description : " The red icon on your iPhone or iPod Touch always reminds you ( and others when you show it to them ) that you were able to afford this . . .
It 's a work of art with no hidden function at all . "
Reportedly , eight customers paid $ 999.99 for I Am Rich , before Apple decided to withdraw it from the store .
How will apps evolve ?
Michael D Cohen , founder and CEO of the Cohen Research group , argues that the quality needs to improve .
Many , he says , are poorly made and therefore disposable .
" Low prices lead to poor - quality applications , limited applications , and others that are in such poor taste they hurt the Apple brand and everyone who is developing for it . "
It 's striking that one of the most talked - about stumbling blocks for the future development of apps is Apple itself .
Apple 's App Store has been described as being like a bucket .
It needs to become more like an online supermarket , says Cohen , so customers can wander down aisles and select what they want , rather than stumble across it by accident .
Another problem is that many apps may be provided in future by other forms of hardware , thus depriving Apple apps of their USP .
This is certainly the line taken by Google , which expects to be offering similar apps through its browser in future .
Google 's engineering vice - president Vic Gundotra told the MobileBeats conference that the App Store trend is just a fad .
But Google would say that , would n't they ?
And the two technology giants are currently facing off over an app called Google Voice , which allows users to send free text messages and make cheap calls using Google 's own number .
Apple has banned the Google app from its store .
The worry , though , for Apple , is that Gundotra could be right and that its App Store is just a fad rather than a sustainable business supporting the iPhone platform .
It 's a point that applies similarly to Twitter .
Both could be fun fads that will be over by this time next year .
Among those who will be hoping this is n't true is Steve Jobs .
But , for once , he wo n't have the last word on this .
After all , the success of his iPhones depends massively on the success of apps , and thus on the creativity of people who are n't actually on his payroll .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Japanese and South Korean automakers registered the biggest market share gains in the U.S. government 's " cash for clunkers " program that ended this week with bankruptcy related inventory shortages hurting General Motors Co GM.UL and Chrysler .
A clunker vehicle sits in a parking lot during the last day of the " Cash For Clunkers " auto rebate program at Courtesy Chevrolet dealership in Phoenix , Arizona August 24 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Joshua Lott
Toyota Motor Corp 7203 .T Honda Motor Co Ltd 7267.T , Nissan Motor Co Ltd 7201.T , Hyundai Motor Co 005380 .KS capitalized on the program 's goal of pushing consumers away from gas guzzling sport utilities and pickups , to more efficient cars and trucks , preliminary sales figures showed on Wednesday .
Overseas manufacturers dominate in car sales , while U.S. companies have been stronger in the light truck segment .
Cars outsold trucks 2 - 1 under the “ clunker ” initiative .
Ford Motor Co F.N was the only domestic manufacturer to hold its own in market share compared with its performance so far this year , while GM slipped and Chrysler stumbled noticeably .
GM spokesman Greg Martin said the company , which slowed production significantly during the spring and its early summer bankruptcy , recorded brisk sales of Malibu , Cobalt and other car models in the first weeks of the program .
“ We were running thin going into the summer to begin with and , as the program went on , inventory levels play ( ed ) a part , ” Martin said .
Ford was the only domestic manufacturer with top - selling models in the “ clunkers ” program .
Transportation Department figures on the “ clunkers ” incentive , which offered consumers up to $ 4,500 when they traded in their older vehicles for more fuel efficient new models , showed on Wednesday that total sales amounted to just under 700,000 with $ 2.87 billion in rebates .
All sales were to have been completed by 8 p.m. EDT on Monday .
Dealers had until Tuesday evening to submit paperwork on transactions .
The deadline had been extended one day due to problems with the online network set up by the government to process rebate applications .
According to the figures , Toyota ’s “ clunkers ” market share was 19.4 percent , compared with its year - to - date U.S. share through July of 17 percent .
Honda captured 13 percent of the “ clunkers ” market compared with 11 percent for the first seven months of the year .
Nissan accounted for nearly 9 percent of “ clunkers ” sales compared with a January - July share of 7 percent .
Hyundai was the biggest winner with a 7 percent share compared with 3 percent for the year through July .
Ford ’s “ clunkers ” sales topped 14 percent , compared with a 15 percent share for the year through July .
GM reported 17 percent of “ clunkers ” business compared with 21 percent from January to July .
Chrysler ’s “ clunkers ” share was 6.6 percent , compared with 11 percent otherwise .
Chrysler halted production for several weeks during its bankruptcy and gradually brought operations back on line .
Its offers the industry ’s most truck - heavy lineup .
“ No one had a six - month supply of cars on the ground , ” said Jeremy Anwyl , chief executive of Edmonds.com , a consumer resource for sales and other information about the industry .
“ The inventory situation for Chrysler was more extreme than for others . ”
Anwyl said consumer preferences for more efficiency at lower prices were influenced by recession and the four - week “ clunkers ” program and it remains to be seen whether all of the gains made by overseas manufacturers will translate into loyal customers .
“ That ’s the question , ” Anwyl said , noting that buyers under the “ clunkers ” program soaked up modestly priced brands .
There ’s a young woman with a French - tip pedicure and a toddler on her hip .
Next comes a 20 - something data analyst in pain from an infection .
And a 60 - year - old guy limping around in what appears to be a medieval torture device screwed into his leg in an effort to re-fuse shattered bones .
They all came to the Hemp and Cannabis Foundation ’s Wheat Ridge clinic one morning last week seeking the same thing : medical marijuana .
Odds are they ’ll get it .
First off , they ’ve been highly screened .
Secondly , a whole lot of people in Colorado are getting medical marijuana these days :
In the past year , the number of people on the state ’s medical - marijuana registry has nearly tripled .
And in a development that has health officials on edge , a growing number of those on the registry are men under the age of 30 , diagnosed with severe pain .
At the end of last year , that category accounted for 18 percent of those on the registry .
Now , they make up 24 percent .
The explosion of consumer demand for medical marijuana has spawned concern among some but represents opportunity for others to move medical marijuana into the mainstream .
“ It ’s a growing area , a growing field , ” said Brian Vicente , director of Sensible Colorado , a pro-marijuana advocacy group .
By summer ’s end , there could be as many as 60 medical - marijuana “ dispensaries ” in Colorado , according to the founder of Colorado Medical Marijuana , which catalogues the dispensaries on its website .
The founder , Todd , asked that only his first name be used because he straddles two worlds — the marijuana business and the real estate business .
From bright , modern offices atop a Panera sandwich shop near Park Meadows mall , Colorado Medical Marijuana walks potential patients through the process of finding a doctor and registering with the state — for $ 235 .
The state registry fee is $ 90 .
This month alone , Todd said , he expects to serve 100 clients .
“ We ’ve been growing exponentially . ”
With a degree in business and an entrepreneur ’s zeal , Todd may be a symbol of the emerging marijuana industry .
“ The guys who were drug dealers and such , they ’re phasing out and dropping out , ” he said .
At the same time , medical clinics are sprouting across the state , offering massages and holistic healing seminars along with marijuana .
Pikes Peak Alternative Health and Wellness , Colorado Springs , is one of those places , said co-owner Carrie Davis .
Davis and her husband sell brownies containing 12 to 33 grams of marijuana , depending on the dose a patient needs .
Under Amendment 20 , passed by voters in 2000 , dispensaries can sell marijuana to anyone on the medical - marijuana registry who has designated them as their “ caregiver . ”
To keep up with demand , the Hemp and Cannabis Foundation , which operates the Wheat Ridge clinic and 13 others in nine states , has hired nearly 40 new employees around the country this year and expects to add more , said founder Paul Stanford .
THCF opened its first clinic in Colorado in June 2006 , Stanford said , and had 700 cardholder patients then .
Now , the clinic claims about 2,800 of the state ’s 8,918 registered medical - marijuana consumers .
Ask three people what is driving this surge of demand for pot prescriptive and you ’re likely to hear three different answers , which most likely will fall into one of three categories :
• Society is just more willing to accept and tolerate medical marijuana .
• Recent court rulings , and the Obama administration ’s stated intent not to interfere with state medical marijuana laws , have caused doctors and others to relax a bit and come out into the open .
• People are gaming the system .
Sensible Colorado ’s Vicente falls into the first camp .
“ Doctors and the public have become more educated , realizing marijuana has real medicinal value for certain individuals , ” he said .
It should n’t surprise anybody , Vicente said , that younger people are leading that acceptance .
State officials are more skeptical .
“ We have things that concern us , but not the resources and maybe not the authority to look into them , ” said Dr. Ned Calonge , the state ’s chief medical officer .
The state tried and failed last month to put the brakes on the medical - marijuana growth industry by limiting to five the number of patients any designated caregiver could care for .
The health department has signaled it has n’t given up .
Officials now have in their sights doctors who may be approving medical marijuana for patients who do n’t meet the qualifications , Calonge said .
Doctors do not prescribe medical marijuana and cannot dispense it .
But Amendment 20 requires a doctor ’s signed referral , signifying a patient has one of eight specific medical conditions , including severe pain .
Once they ’re on the registry , how patients get marijuana is up to them .
The state does n’t make public , but does monitor , the names of doctors who sign referrals .
And there are doctors whose names come up often enough to cause concern — like the one who signed 200 recommendations in a day .
Laws intended to protect patient privacy prevent state health officials from sharing those concerns with the state medical board , Calonge said .
“ The issue is to figure out how we can meet the requirements in the constitution and investigate or report cases where we are concerned that there are physicians who may not be meeting the standard of medical care , ” Calonge said .
In the meantime , cities and counties may take on the issue of regulating or restricting the flow of marijuana .
The town of Breckenridge declared a moratorium on dispensaries after one business applied to open one .
The town is now wrestling with how to regulate operating hours and proximity to such areas as schools .
Vicente foresees more efforts like that , and he thinks reasonable people can find common ground .
“ We can agree that we do n’t want ( dispensaries ) near schools or day cares , there has to be some degree of common sense and restraint used in advertising , that sort of thing . ”
Staff writer Claire Trageser contributed to this report .
Karen Auge : 303-954-1733 or kauge@denverpost.com
Scorned Women Seek Revenge on Three - Timer
Three women allegedly attack married man who dated all of them simultaneously .
Aug. 1 , 2009  --
If you mess with one scorned woman , you 're bound to get burned .
If you mess with two , things could really get ugly .
But what happens when you mess with three ?
An unidentified married Wisconsin man who was dating three women at the same time found out the hard way that it can only mean trouble .
After finding out that the same Casanova had been courting them all simultaneously , Michelle Belliveau , Wendy Sewell and Therese Ziemann allegedly lured the man to a local motel room to seek revenge .
Police say Ziemann kicked off the plan , convincing the man to voluntarily agree to be bound and blindfolded with the promise of a massage .
But instead , police say , she cut off his underwear and sent a text message to the other women to enter the room .
District Attorney : Women Conspired to Allegedly Attack
" This was n't a spur of the moment type of event in that all of the participants in the complaint and in the information provided were part and parcel of this plan , " said Ken Krantz , the district attorney of Calumet County , Wis .
When the women came into the room , they allegedly attacked him and applied Krazy Glue to sensitive body parts .
Reports show that they asked the victim which woman he loved more , which one he wanted to grow old with , slapped him in the face and then said , " Can you handle that ? "
The man was finally released after he started screaming , and police say the women fled with his cell phone , wallet and car .
So , how did the trio find out about each other ?
Police say it was the man 's wife who informed them of the love quad .
According to the Appleton Post - Crescent newspaper , an arrest warrant was issued Friday for Tracy M. Hood - Davis , the victim 's wife , who also faces a charge of being a party to false imprisonment .
The Post - Crescent also said the victim was treated for minor injuries and released from care .
Woman Reportedly Met Man Through Craigslist
As for his alleged attackers , the newspaper said Ziemann was charged with being a party to false imprisonment , fourth - degree sexual assault and misdemeanor battery .
Sewell and Belliveau were charged with being a party to false imprisonment .
Ziemann told police she met the victim online through a Craigslist ad and subsequently fell in love with him and had given him about $ 3,000 , the Post - Crescent reported , adding that when Hood - Davis contacted her to alert her to the mulitple affairs , she said that the man used the women for money .
Using Nazi analogies to criticise Israel and Zionism is offensive , but should it be banned , criminalised or branded as antisemitic ?
Comment is free itself has a policy on this , according to which moderators generally rule Nazi comparisons out of order for being provocative , abusive and doing nothing to promote better understanding of the Israel - Palestine conflict ; a distinction is made , however , when actual historical connections between Zionists ( or Arab nationalists ) and the Nazis are a legitimate topic under discussion .
The authors of a new report , Understanding and Addressing the " Nazi Card " : Intervening Against Antisemitic Discourse , from the European Institute for the Study of Contemporary Antisemitism ( EISCA ) , take a different line .
The chairman of EISCA is Denis MacShane , and the report carries a strong endorsement from Shahid Malik , minister for communities and local government , the government department that gave a £ 20,000 grant to EISCA to produce the report .
Researchers Paul Iganski and Abe Sweiry are concerned about what they see as the increasing normalisation of the use of what they call the " Nazi card " against Jews and Israel .
They say this is often antisemitic ; but in relation to the first three of four uses of the " Nazi card " that they consider – abuse against Jews , as in swastika daubings on Jewish gravestones ; abuse of the collective memory of the Holocaust , as in Holocaust denial ; and casting Jews as conspirators and collaborators with the Nazis – almost always so .
Their principal concern , however , is use of the " Nazi card " in modes of criticism of Israel .
Here , they acknowledge that it's hard to decide when using Nazi analogies is or is not a manifestation of antisemitism .
So much so , they argue , that " labelling the playing of the Nazi card against Israel and Zionism as antisemitic , even though it is perceived to be so by many , leads to a discursive dead - end " .
What really matters is the consequences of this use of the " Nazi card " , whether it 's offensive , hurtful or harmful .
On this , " more people would be more certain " .
The authors write : " although the playing of the Nazi card is not always antisemitic , it unquestionably always harms " .
As a result , where this occurs , it could already be defined as a criminal act , and if not , Iganski and Sweiry say , consideration should be given to changing the law so that it would be .
In other words , if you said " the way the IDF operated in Gaza was like the way the SS acted in Poland " , and a Jew found this offensive , hurtful or harmful , you could , in theory , go to jail .
I also believe that there should be no place for Nazi analogies in public debate , but in my view , the argumentation and recommendations in this report are deeply flawed .
And when you dig deeper into the reasoning , it seems confused , muddled and contradictory .
While the principle that freedom of speech is not absolute is accepted in English law , not all offensive speech is criminalised .
So , merely showing that comparing Israeli behaviour to the Nazis is offensive is no reason to outlaw such discourse .
The authors try to get round this by arguing that such comparisons are especially offensive to Jews , because of their history .
They say : " Most people would accept that it 's completely unacceptable to call a Jewish person a Nazi . "
The implication here – that it may , therefore , be acceptable in some circumstances to call a non-Jew a Nazi – is unfortunate to say the least .
If one is against the use of Nazi comparisons in public debate , it 's unacceptable to call anyone a Nazi .
In which case , the argument of exceptional offensiveness for Jews does n't hold .
The authors then argue that , where Jews are concerned , " the playing of the Nazi card ... unquestionably always harms " .
But the dictionary defines " harm " as " damage or injury ; physical , mental , or moral impairment or deterioration " .
Surely , few Jews would go so far as to say that they have been offended to such a degree .
The report goes on to say that Nazi analogies " potentially incite violence against Jews " : " Calling Israel a Nazi state calls for destruction not dialogue " .
This is an abusive and hyperbolic statement , but it could be an extreme way of calling for Israel to change its ways .
It may well be that arguments about whether Nazi comparisons are antisemitic can seem sterile and repetitive , but to abandon that discussion as if it simply does n't matter is perverse .
It 's tantamount to an admission that the term " antisemitism " has been rendered useless .
In fact , Iganski and Sweiry do n't abandon the term at all .
Instead , to support their argument , they urge on all and sundry the adoption of the so - called " Working Definition of Antisemitism " produced by the former European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia ( EUMC ) , now recast as the Federal Rights Agency ( FRA ) .
I write " so - called " because the definition is rapidly becoming the new orthodoxy .
While much of the definition is unexceptionable , it cites five ways in which antisemitism could be seen to " manifest itself with regard to the state of Israel taking into account the overall context " .
One of these – " using the symbols and images associated with classic antisemitism ... to characterise Israel or Israelis " – is fully justified .
The other four are contentious : " Denying the Jewish people their right to self - determination " ; " Applying double standards by requiring of [ Israel ] a behaviour not expected or demanded of any other democratic nation " ; " Drawing comparisons of contemporary Israeli policy to that of the Nazis " ; " Holding Jews collectively responsible for actions of the state of Israel " .
None of these four are self - evidently antisemitic .
But all could be used to justify labelling legitimate criticism of Israel as antisemitic .
So the authors ' approval of them makes their claim that " Drawing attention to the consequent harms in [ playing the Nazi card against Israel ] should not be intended , or taken , in any way as an attempt to suppress criticism of Israel and its military practices " both naïve and flimsy .
Iganski has laboured hard and conscientiously in the field of hate crime , so it is unfortunate that he has taken this path towards criminalising something best dealt with by setting standards of public discourse that are voluntarily adopted .
As associate editor of the Times Daniel Finkelstein writes in the Jewish Chronicle of a Nazi analogy such as the Warsaw Ghetto for Israeli military action in Gaza :
I find this a nasty , obtuse point to make , one that lacks all sense of proportion and knowledge of history .
I think less of those who make it .
I do not , however , regard the insult as racist .
But it is more than merely a question of casting the playing of the " Nazi card " as automatically antisemitic .
People will use this report to justify demonising severe criticism of Israel ( even though it actually also suggests some non-criminalising ways of tackling the problem of Nazi analogies ) .
I do n't believe that Iganski will welcome that .
Part of the fault here lies with the ethos of the body that commissioned the report .
EISCA was officially launched in a packed House of Commons committee room in July 2008 .
The then Europe minister Jim Murphy gave the inaugural lecture , " Antisemitism : A Hate that Outlives All Others " – a nonsensical title taken from an equally nonsensical sentence in the lecture : " what is different about antisemitism is that it has both predated and outlived many , if not all , other reactionary instincts " .
Its new chair , Denis MacShane , is second to none when it comes to exaggerating antisemitism : " There is no greater intolerance today than neo - antisemitism in all its open and disguised , witting and unwitting forms " he wrote in Globalising Hatred .
Given the tone of these remarks , the weaknesses of the " Nazi card " report are not surprising .
Had this report been commissioned by a university or a serious thinktank with proven expertise in this area , I 'm a sure something more useful would have been produced .
But the fact that the government can spend £ 20,000 in this way , backing a dubious body with no track record , is indicative of the sad politicising and devaluing of the entire field of contemporary antisemitism studies .
Jason Lee
Practicing good nutrition keeps your mind sharp , your body fit , and your life long .
The same could be said for consuming media .
( Seriously , knowledge is power . )
When you add it all up , the average American spends roughly nine hours a day glued to some kind of screen , and like your diet , quality is as important as quantity .
Here are Wired 's suggested servings for optimal media health .
Related How To Behave : The New Rules for Highly Evolved Humans
Previous : Do n't Lie With Your Facebook Photo Next : Ask a Basterd : Can I Post My Wife 's Butt on Twitter Without Asking ?
If you ’re renting a car this summer , chances are good that it wo n’t be American .
For the first time , U.S. auto rental companies are buying more foreign vehicles than domestic brands .
Through the first six months this year , only 48.8 % of the new vehicles going into rental fleets came from General Motors , Ford or Chrysler , compared with two - thirds a year earlier , according to data supplied by trade publication Automotive Fleet .
Just three years ago , more than 8 in 10 vehicles sold to rental fleets such as Hertz , Enterprise and Avis came from the Big Three .
Now those lots are filling with models from Hyundai , Kia , Toyota and Nissan .
Advertisement
The dramatic turnabout is a reminder of how much ground domestic automakers have ceded to foreign competitors as the auto industry evolves .
It also illustrates how rental companies , under new financial pressures , are getting choosier about what they put on their lots as they cut the overall number of vehicles they carry .
Agencies increasingly want cars their customers prefer rather than the cheapest vehicles available and , as important , ones that will hold their value over time .
Meanwhile , manufacturers that scarcely bothered with fleet sales in the past now see them as an important sales channel as the traditional retail auto market flags .
The result is a recent predominance of foreign makes to choose from at rental counters .
“ It ’s amazing how things turn around , ” said industry consultant Neil Abrams .
“ It used to be you ’d never see foreign cars in fleets , but the companies reexamined their businesses and decided to embrace non-U.S. brands . ”
Advertisement
Hertz now carries as many Toyotas as Fords .
The Nissan Altima has edged out the Chevy Impala as the top - selling car in the rental market .
But the real shocker is the Koreans .
Combined , automakers Kia and Hyundai grabbed a 9.5 % share of the U.S. rental market last year , their highest total ever .
They ’re on pace this year to more than double that .
“ The American manufacturers are playing a smaller role , ” said Mike Kane , owner of Vehicle Replacement Consulting Group , which advises the rental industry on fleet management .
“ Somebody has to fill the gap . ”
For years , Detroit used rental fleets as dumping grounds for vehicles it could n’t otherwise sell .
The car companies unloaded those vehicles to rental fleets at deep discounts , frequently with a promise to buy them back .
Many of those rental agencies were controlled by the carmakers themselves .
Avis was partially owned by a unit of GM and had a marketing agreement to carry its cars .
Hertz belonged to Ford .
Dollar Thrifty was a unit of Chrysler , and as a result carried fleets almost entirely composed of the corporate parent ’s cars .
All those rental firms were spun off as independent companies .
But only in the last few years have they begun diversifying beyond a few vehicle brands .
Advertisement
In 2004 , for example , U.S. automakers sold nearly 1.7 million cars -- or 19 % of their total -- to rental fleets , with GM alone selling 850,000 .
The strategy helped the Big Three boost market share , but it was often a money loser .
And because the cars were typically stripped - down versions , with crank windows and AM radios , they had the side effect of hurting brand image and reducing resale values as they hit the used - car market .
“ For some models , we ’d find ourselves selling 50 % to 60 % of our production into rental , ” said George Pipas , chief sales analyst at Ford , citing the last generation of the Taurus in particular .
“ That ’ll kill you . ”
Eager to break the habit , domestic automakers began trimming rental - fleet sales in the last few years as they retooled their sputtering operations .
Their recent financial woes -- and bankruptcies -- have only increased the pressure to shed unprofitable business lines .
They have radically cut production , cracking the door wider for foreign brands to sell to fleets .
Chrysler , for example , said this month that its June sales to all fleets , including rental companies , declined 95 % compared with a year earlier .
Both GM and Ford said their fleet sales have been below target , and they hope to recapture some of the market share they ’ve lost .
Advertisement
“ Automakers are now trying to sell to rental fleets like they do to the overall market , ” said Chris Brown , editor of Auto Rental News , adding that U.S. automakers have slashed discounts on rental sales .
Yet higher prices have made Detroit ’s products less attractive to rental companies , which are holding cars longer and placing more emphasis on how much vehicles command on the used market .
That metric -- residual value -- is an area in which imports hold a decisive edge .
Over the last three years , residuals for Hyundai and Kia rose sharply -- up 12 % and 8 % , respectively .
That ’s more than any other brand , according to Automotive Lease Guide Inc. , which sets those values .
Advertisement
“ Residual value experience and expectations are definitely important , ” said David Wyshner , chief financial officer of Avis Budget Group , which has increasingly turned away from American cars .
In 2005 , just 7 % of Avis Budget ’s U.S. fleet was foreign ; this year it expects that number to reach 32 % .
Better residuals please lenders because it diminishes the risk that the rental agencies will default on loans .
That ’s a key reason that Hertz now maintains a U.S. fleet with “ well over half ” the cars bearing foreign badges , said spokesman Richard Broome .
This year , Hertz , which Ford spun off in 2005 , even began stocking Mercedes - Benzes .
“ We ’re able to tell the bankers that we ’re more diverse than anybody , ” Broome said .
Advertisement
Consumer expectations also play a role .
Drivers now buy more imports than American cars , so it ’s not surprising that they seek them on rental lots as well , said Mark Norman , president and chief operating officer of car sharing company Zipcar .
“ We ask people what they ’d want to drive , and it ’s typically a mix of vehicles like you ’d see in cities like San Francisco , ” Norman said .
He said that not one of the 6,000 cars in his fleet is made by GM or Chrysler , and “ less than 5 % " are Fords .
Smaller automakers also view rental fleets as a cheap way to market their vehicles to customers who might never have given their brands a look .
Advertisement
Darren
Fox liked the Hyundai Sonata he rented from Enterprise on a business trip last summer so much that he ended up buying one .
“ It was the first time I ’d ever been in an Hyundai , ” said Fox , a video technician for Voice of America who lives in Crofton , Md. “ I had it for two weeks and hated to give it back . ”
When it comes to rentals , however , too much exposure can hurt .
Industry experts say some brands could be making the same rental mistakes the domestics once did .
Through May , Hyundai said that more than 30 % of its U.S. sales have gone to rental fleets .
Kia declined to provide an updated number , but through the first quarter of the year , more than a third of Kia and Hyundai sales went to rental companies , according to Automotive News .
For its part , Nissan sent 29 % of its total sales volume that way in the first quarter .
Advertisement
“ I think a couple of our competitors have jumped in the deep end , ” said Mike Michels , a spokesman for Toyota , which has shown more discipline , selling only 13 % to rental companies in the first quarter .
Not every opportunity to get customers behind the wheel of your car proves to be a good one .
Last month , Lorna Marino of Studio City paid $ 17.50 a day to rent an economy car for a weekend trip .
She got a Kia Rondo , an oddly shaped compact crossover vehicle that she said reminded her of an AMC Pacer .
“ I felt like there was nothing remarkable about it , ” said Marino , a hairstylist who normally drives a Mini .
“ Nobody should ever own a Rondo . ”
--
Advertisement
ken.bensinger@latimes.com
We have all heard in recent news that Intel was slapped with a hefty fine by the European Union ringing to the tune of $ 1.4 billion .
This fine is even larger than the one Microsoft was handed , which was already a record $ 1.3 billion .
Comparing anti-trust rulings in the United States and those in Europe , one has to wonder why these trials rarely end in the plaintiff 's favor here in the U.S. , but seem to routinely punish the defendants with judgments of biblical proportions in Europe .
While it 's true that both sides of the table put up a good fight , it 's not nearly the same as when Microsoft was in court with the U.S. Department of Justice .
During that epic battle , it was Microsoft versus nearly the entire U.S.A .
Yet , in the end , Microsoft won .
So why is it that Microsoft did n't win , and neither did Intel , against the EU ?
Intel holds firm that it has not violated any terms of fair competition .
In fact , we recently spoke to a system builder , that admitted Intel was simply more competitive .
From its own experience , the system builder said that Intel was significantly more aggressive with rebates , promotions and giving away marketing dollars .
Several years ago , I was the business development manager at a value added reseller ( VAR ) .
My company at the time , specialized in customized services for the enterprise space .
This meant we helped large firms deal with consolidation , network infrastructure design , deployment and management .
Within this scope , we also supplied the necessary hardware and software .
One of our best partners at the time , was Hewlett - Packard .
While we had our own marketing budget , HP made sure that we would receive a lot of money every month to spend on marketing if we sold more HP products .
This was wholly legal .
They 're called marketing development funds , or MDFs .
Many large companies offer this , and while it may differ in name from company to company , the intent is the same .
Consequently , we ended up pushing more HP products than say , IBM products .
HP was n't paying us money to avoid using other vendors ' products , but with a lot of cash sitting there for us to use , it made sense to try to accumulate that money instead of dipping into our own pockets .
MDFs are not the same as rebates .
With rebates , we received lower prices for certain products if we sold enough of other products .
If we sold over 1000 HP multi-function printers ( MFPs ) for example , we would receive rebates on HP server products .
In this situation , who would n't want to receive free money ?
We realize that the EU accused Intel of actively paying vendors to outright avoid AMD technology .
But it 's important to bear in mind that there are valid forms of incentivizing sales . "
Interestingly enough , in 2007 , a lawsuit was filed alleging that HP was paying Staples up to $ 100 million a year in MDFs to stop carrying ink cartridges from competing vendors , encouraging the sale of original HP - branded ink .
At the time , some HP partners doubted that HP actually coerced Staples into doing this , and indicated that Staples probably acted on its own accord -- in conjunction with the MDFs .
What happened there with HP ?
Nothing .
In a recent QOTD , I asked readers whether or not they personally felt that CPU prices were too high and inflated .
The majority of responders indicated clearly they felt CPU prices were either cheap or very affordable , and certainly far lower than they were several years ago .
Most of you simply stated that you felt CPU prices were fair , from both AMD and Intel .
I decided then , to speak to AMD directly .
In a recent press filing , AMD 's executive VP of legal affairs , Tom McCoy , said that Intel 's CPUs were sold with inflated pricing .
Dirk Meyer , AMD 's CEO , also chimed in to say that thanks to the EU ruling , " we are looking forward to the move from a world in which Intel ruled , to one which is ruled by consumers . "
Indeed it 's clear that Intel hold 's the majority market share .
Even many who are new to computers know the Intel brand name very well .
I took a look at financial reports from both companies , to see why this could be the case .
In the first quarter of 2009 , AMD spent a total of $ 287 million to market ( PDF ) its products .
During the same period , Intel spent $ 1.2 billion ( PDF ) .
Intel also spent $ 1.31 billion on R&D , while AMD spent only $ 446 million .
Clearly we can see where all the partner support and customer demand stems from .
I see Intel TV spots almost daily , and they 're even showing up often on sites like Hulu .
Even the Intel chime rings clearly in my mind .
I cannot honestly think of something catchy to associate with AMD .
With the clear responses from readers , and a combination of historical financial data , I asked AMD some questions .
My questions are in bold ( any actual pricing that I asked about were true at the time of questioning ) :
I just did several price comparisons , and AMD 's flagship CPU is priced very much in line with Intel processors with matched performance ( by benchmarks ) .
For example , the Phenom II X4 955 Black Edition is priced at $ 245 , while the equivalent Q9550 is priced at $ 269 .
This is hardly " inflated " pricing as suggested by McCoy .
What do you make of this ?
AMD : First , remember that this is n't about pricing .
It was about the evidence the EU found that Intel illegally bribed and coerced customers to either not offer , or delay offering , AMD - based solutions to consumers .
The exhaustive investigation focused on the period of time between 2002 and 2007 , and the lengths Intel went to during that period to limit consumer access to AMD technology .
AMD is a lower price option , with a CPU ASP price difference of 45 - percent during the last 10 years according to Mercury Research .
So it 's obvious that when you exclude AMD from the market , computer manufacturers are forced to use higher - priced Intel chips .
It 's simple math .
So the conclusion is obvious : the EU decision targets Intel 's attempt to exclude AMD , the lower - priced competitor , from the market through coercive contract terms and simple impropriety -- like paying computer makers to delay launching AMD - powered computers .
The committee also found that Intel broke the law by limiting consumer access to AMD technology , and ordered Intel to cease all illegal behavior .
There is never a time where it is ok to break the law , and there is never a time when that behavior should n't be corrected .
Who knows what the world would look like now if Intel had not manipulated the market ?
How much more choice would consumers have ?
How would innovation been accelerated ?
We will never know , but at least now we know that regulators in Japan , Korea and Europe have acted to put a stop to Intel 's practices and we are three steps closer to ensuring we never have to ask these questions again .
I agree that AMD is the lower priced option , but having a lower priced option does n't necessarily mean that the one that was priced higher is monopoly - inflated , as McCoy indicated .
There will always be a less expensive option of something , because there will always be a market for something that costs just a bit less .
True , the EU said that it found Intel had coerced vendors and did illegal things .
However , I 'm still curious as to what metric McCoy used to define Intel 's pricing as inflated .
I disagree if McCoy means to say that Intel 's prices are inflated simply because there is a lower priced alternative .
AMD : So , if the evidence the committee found is that Intel 's illegal behavior foreclosed markets to AMD 's products , and our ASPs over the past 10 years on the average have been lower than Intel 's , then by default Intel 's actions limited customer and consumer access to higher value options from AMD .
But this still does n't make Intel 's pricing inflated -- since McCoy stated that Intel has inflated pricing -- by default .
This only makes Intel 's behavior anti-competitive .
Intel 's pricing is higher , but Intel trying to make customers pick its products over AMD products , by coercing vendors or other means , does n't make the products ' pricing themselves inflated by default .
It is entirely possible that Intel could still act in an illegal manner , even if its pricing is fair .
Since setting inflated prices does n't require a company to be in a state of monopoly , therefore a company 's anti-competitive and illegal behavior is not a prerequisite occurrence to inflated pricing , or vice versa .
Consequently , it is likewise possible for AMD to coerce companies not to stock higher priced Intel products , even if AMD 's prices are lower .
One set of circumstances ( inflated pricing ) is not a requirement of another ( legal tactics of having a monopoly ) .
AMD : We 're not in a position to coerce anyone ... but putting that part aside .
Why would Intel act to limit customer options ?
If you accept that our pricing is lower ( Mercury data shows this ) , and that the evidence the EU collected from the files of Intel and its customers shows that [ Intel ] broke the law to limit customer options ( and that Intel tried to cover this up after the fact ) then I think you can reasonably draw a line connecting the two dots and argue that if higher - value AMD parts were more readily accessible , Intel would need to compete on the merits ( and the prices ) of its products .
Apparently , that is a situation Intel worked aggressively to avoid .
Why else limit choice if not to ensure their products do n't have to compete on merits ... with pricing being a component .
Thanks to AMD for answering these questions .
I leave it up to you to study what AMD said .
I also spoke to a well known motherboard manufacturer , and asked for its thoughts on the current pricing and demand situation between the two CPU rivals .
The manufacturer requested its name not be revealed .
Do your customers demand more Intel platforms or more AMD platforms ?
Motherboard Company :
We sell roughly 60 - percent Intel - based motherboards and 40 - percent AMD motherboards .
There is strong demand on Intel [ from customers ] .
But , we do see [ increasing ] demand for AMD ever since it launched the Phenom II processor .
AMD is more [ focused ] on the mid-end and value markets .
Intel is more on the high - end .
Performance - wise , Intel is in demand .
I think AMD does n't focus on performance like Intel does , rather , AMD focuses more on price - performance value systems instead .
Despite AMD 's response , it 's interesting to note that a very well - known motherboard manufacturer indicated that it sells more Intel - based motherboards simply because of customer demand for better performing parts .
A quick search on your favorite online etailer should reveal that CPU prices are very well in line with each other , from both sides of the fence -- except for the highest end parts .
Coincidentally , the monumental $ 1.4 billion fine landing on Intel 's lap , matches the quarterly loss of $ 1.4 billion that AMD reported back in January of this year .
At the end of the day , one thing is clear : Intel aggressively competes with AMD .
If the EU 's findings are indeed true , in that Intel did illegally coerce partners and vendors to actively avoid AMD technology , then it's also clear that Intel perceives AMD as a big enough threat to take on these types of strategies .
Which brings us to this : the long term victor of this brawl will be the one who fights aggressively not so much on pricing , but the one who successfully embeds itself deep within the conscious and subconscious .
" Bong !
Bam bam , bam bam . "
The Nitty Gritty Guitar Guide
This blog gives you snippets of information from The Nitty Gritty Guitar Book ; the essential guide to buying and maintaining guitars .
It will help you get the right guitar , at the right price .
THEY occur at a rate of nearly one a night , without warning or fanfare .
By the time the police arrive , all that remains are smoking wrecks .
Even the identifying badges 
Porsche , BMW , Mercedes , VW  are often obliterated by fire .
In a city haunted more by its extreme right - wing past , Berlin is in the throes of a renaissance of extremist , left - wing political activism .
And torching cars , particularly expensive ones , has become the crime de rigueur .
During the past six months , more than 170 cars have been destroyed by fire in Berlin and police confirm conservatively that 93 were politically motivated attacks .
A mysterious , single page website , brennende - autos.de ( Burning Cars of Berlin ) , shows the number of cars set alight and where the crimes occurred , revealing clusters in richer areas , or in suburbs where gentrification and redevelopment are changing the demographic of local neighbourhoods .
Demonstrations and protests in Berlin have also become more violent .
During the past seven months traditional street marches or political celebrations such as May Day  when 21 police were hurt and 102 arrests made  have degenerated into ugly confrontations between left - wing activists and an increasingly frustrated police force .
Writing an About page is essential step when starting a blog , and bloggers should regularly update their About page and make sure it 's as good as it can .
This post will show you a simple 8 step process on how to write an About page and form several descriptions for your blog at the same time .
You have your blog .
You have chosen a topic that interests you and you feel like writing about .
You have written your first articles .
Perhaps your blog has been running for quite some time already ...
Do you have a clear understanding what your blog is really about ?
Does your blog have a good description ?
If someone asks what your blog is about , what do you answer ?
Would you rush into your own blog if you saw the description you have right now ?
Do you have an About page on your blog that captures anyone who checks it ?
. You do have an About page , do n't you ?
Take some time and consider laying better foundation for your blog by crystallizing and describing what your blog is about .
Preface
First things first , this post is n't really just about About page .
It 's about knowing what your blog is about , and how you deliver that message to your readers .
So you need to know what your blog is about before you write an About page , right ?
Do you have a short description that captures the core of your blog ?
That 's your first step , and writing a short description , sales pitch , elevator pitch - what ever you want to call it - for your blog , will serve you in many ways , in addition to being the basis for your amazing About page .
1. Write a List of Words Related To Your Niche and Blog
Start by writing down words that describe your blog and what your blog is about Think about your blog :
What is the first word that comes in your mind ?
Continue writing words , write down phrases as well
Ask your family and friends to check your blog and describe it with just a few words
If you have an established blog or mailing list : you could ask your readers by making a quick survey asking them to describe your blog with as few words as possible .
Brainstorm more words
Take the words and phrases you think describe your blog as well as possible
2. Write a Short Description For Your Blog
This is the shortest description for your blog - crystal - clear , but short , description on what your blog is about ..
Write a short description of your blog
of your blog Give everything you got to make the description as good as possible
Keep it short Less than 8 words Less than 50 characters
This short description should capture the very essence of your blog Can you make the description better or more descriptive ?
Does the description stand out ?
Is it clear enough ?
Would you click on a link with this short description as an anchor text ?
Do this , and you have just created your blogs tag - line !
3. Describe Your Blog With One Sentence
Expand the short description into a sentence 140 - 160 characters
Review and inspect this description at least once a month
Ask yourself it the description is still valid and should you change it
4. Write a Paragraph Capturing What Your Blog is About
Keep writing until you have a short paragraph that describes what your blog is about 25 - 30 words , 150 - 250 characters
Like the one sentence description , go back to this crystallized message , and
Refine the message to make it more descriptive and intriguing
5. Expand the Description Into an Amazing About page
Take the descriptions you have written and expand them ..
Write one paragraph about every sentence in your descriptions .
Concentrate on the problem your blog solves or the goal your blog helps the reader to reach .
Add introduction about yourself and your expertise , related to the problem to be solved or goal to be reached
Take a look at " About " pages of the best blogs of your niche and see how you feel reading them
Incorporate the best ideas into your blog , writing about your blog of course
And take notice of the things you do n't like and do n't put those in yours .
6 . Is Your Blogs About page About YOU or your BLOG ?
Here 's a quote from Brian Clark 's classic article from the year 2006 on Copyblogger.com - titled " What 's Your Blog Really About ? " :
Most blog “ About ” pages tend to be about the author , not about the blog .
And most of the time , that ’s where visitors will click away , never to be seen again , because they were provided with no compelling reason to ever come back .
On the other hand , also back in 2006 , Darren Rowse from Problogger .net captured the essence of a About Me-page like this :
There are four main questions that readers want answered on your About Me page : who you are … your expertise and how it addresses … their problem or goal , and how they can … contact you .
Did you notice the difference in there ?
You have to decide whether you 're writing an About Me - page or a page About your BLOG ...
Most of the time , people are in your blog because of your blog and content , looking for an answer to the problem at hand .
Make sure the about - page answers that , telling the readers what the blog is about , and how it will BENEFIT them .
It 's quite important to tell how you can help with your expertise , right ?
So you should write something about yourself on the " About " page , but keep it moderation and concentrate on describing how YOU can HELP the reader with YOUR EXPERTISE .
Add information about you in the about - page , but in the end it 's about how you can help your readers , unless you are some sort of celebrity and the blog is really just about you .
Make the description , tag - line and About - page what your BLOG is about and how you and the blog can help the readers .
You 'll have your chances to tell more about who you are and show what you are about in your blog posts and in the social media .
You can apply similar principles to your social media profiles as you do for your About - page .
7. Crystallizing Your Message
You do n't have to all the above right away , but do this over time and improve your message every time
Be ready to expand your descriptions
Write more paragraphs , breaking down the clarified message Now you have great base for your " About " page
And great start for your core articles as well !
Improving it and the descriptions is endless process
Review and expand the descriptions regularly and crystallize the message
The About - page writing process , one more time
Start with the short description , less than 8 words Write one sentence that captures what your blog is about Write one paragraph Write a long description Write your About page
Go back to step 1 , see if there 's room for improvement Repeat
8. Use Questions to Refine Your Description and About page
Tips on Describing Your Blog Better :
Take this last step and go back to your descriptions and About page and re-write as necessary .
Think about the situations where you will use the description and what kind of message you want to deliver to your Potential business partners
Your friends Your customers
What problem (s ) your blog and content solves ?
Who your blog is for ?
Who is your target audience ?
Imagine your average reader make up a name for that reader is it a man or woman ?
how old is she ?
what does she do for a living ?
why does she come to your blog ?
etc .
Think what would you say to that reader if you 've met her in real life and wanted her to read your blog Write your description for this imaginary reader
Who your blog is NOT for ?
What goal your reader will reach if they read your blog ?
What will the reader gain if they follow your advice and trust your expertise ?
Would you subscribe or read a blog with your descriptions and / or About page ?
Does the descriptions , without a doubt , summarize what your blog is about ?
Does your
About page build upon the descriptions clarifying what your blog is about ?
Conclusion
After you 've figured what your blog ultimately is about and writing the different length of descriptions for it , which you can use on social media profiles and other places , in addition to your own blog .
With these 8 steps , you have also started the process of creating the perfect tagline for your blog .
With the About page and tagline , you will have a great foundation to build your blog on , as you can always go back to the description and see if you 're staying " on topic " .
This way , you will have easier time writing your posts and making sure they fit nicely in your blog .
Now , whether you are an established blogger or brand new one just thinking about starting one , take a look at your About page , and read it like you would see it for the first time and re-write it as necessary .
Start by writing or re-write your blogs description .
And then create your amazing About page !
It is n't often that you find AT&T and the Electronic Frontier Foundation in agreement , but consensus has been reached on one matter : ASCAP 's demand that wireless companies pay it license fees for ringtones is , well , ridiculous .
On Wednesday EFF called the move " outlandish " and " a ploy to squeeze more money out of the mobile phone companies . "
The advocacy group filed a friend of the court brief with the United States District Court for the Southern District New York this week , which is hearing the dispute between ASCAP , AT&T , and Verizon over whether the telcos have to pay the music licensing body royalties for wireless ringtones .
Joining the amicus brief are Public Knowledge and the Center for Democracy and Technology .
Meanwhile CTIA - The Wireless Association , to which the big telcos belong , has also filed an amicus brief in the case .
Limiting your potential
ASCAP makes no secret of the fact that it 's fighting this battle .
About ten days ago , the association published a statement on its website warning members that they may " see or read accounts of our legal actions from those arguing to limit your potential income . "
Here are the facts , ASCAP says : the organization is in " rate court " with the two biggest wireless companies .
" With respect to ringtones , ASCAP seeks to license the wireless carriers ' transmissions of your music .
ASCAP is not seeking to charge consumers , " the release continues .
" In fact , ASCAP has been licensing wireless carriers and ringtone content providers since 2001 .
Now , the carriers want to avoid that payment . "
Apparently some mobile operators were indeed forking over ringtone fee loot to ASCAP for a while , at a rate of 2 percent of revenue .
Then New York 's Southern District Court — which hears many of these sorts of cases — issued the so - called " download decision " in April 2007 .
That ruling was prompted by ASCAP 's fight with RealNetworks and AOL over copyright fees for downloadable music .
The question before the court was whether " the downloading of a digital music file embodying a particular song constitutes a ' public performance ' " ( which is what ASCAP licenses ) as understood by the Copyright Act .
The Southern District ruled that it did not .
Downloads are not intended for " contemporaneous perception , " the judges noted .
" It is not the availability of prompt replay but the simultaneously perceptible nature of a transmission that renders it a performance under the Act . "
In other words , music downloads by consumers are categorically different from playing music in a restaurant for all patrons to hear .
With that ruling , AT&T made its move , filing a Motion for Summary Judgment from the court on whether the download decision also applies to ringtones .
ASCAP promptly filed a lengthy rebuttal , found and published by EFF .
Me and my ringtones
Ringtones are " performances , " ASCAP contends , because they " ultimately always result in a performance to the public " as understood by the Copyright Act.
AT&T encourages consumers to buy the tunes to " express themselves , " to use ringtones " as a way of gaining recognition in the outside world , " to give their phones personality , or to " express support for particular artists or sports teams . "
All this implies that the user will , in the end , broadcast the ringtone in public places .
" When a ringtone plays to signal an incoming call , it is obviously a performance , " the filing declares .
And it does n't have to be heard by other people every time for it to count as such .
" AT&T 's ringtones are clearly capable of reaching the public and are expected to do so . "
We 're not mollified
Needless to say , EFF et al 's amicus filing calls ASCAP 's arguments specious and dangerous , potentially making every consumer a copyright violator whenever they receive a mobile call on the street .
Section 110 ( 4 ) of the Copyright Act , EFF contends , makes it clear that a consumer does not engage in a public performance when , for example , she :
� Rolls down the window of her car while the stereo is playing ;
� Sings " Happy Birthday " at a private gathering in a public park ;
� Hums a tune while walking on a public sidewalk ; or
� Listens to music on the radio while sitting on the beach .
" ASCAP has attempted to mollify consumers with press statements that its members would never pursue individuals for these everyday activities , " EFF concludes .
" But ASCAP 's forbearance is hardly an adequate substitute for the absolute statutory privilege enjoyed by consumers pursuant to Section 110 ( 4 ) . "
And even if cell phone users are never dinged for " public ringing , " they 'll surely pay higher prices for ringtones if ASCAP wins this case .
Similarly , CTIA takes issue with the public performance argument .
" The playing of a ringtone does not involve a transmission , " the trade group says , " is not at all akin to a public concert or dance , and is no more a public performance than the commonplace act of playing a CD in a car with the windows ( or top ) down . "
So now it 's up to the " rate court , " aka the Southern District of New York , to sift through all these takes on " performance " and come up with a wireless fee policy for ringtones .
In the meantime , savor the moment — one of the few when you 'll find AT&T and these public interest groups on the same legal page .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A senior Tory MP has asked the home secretary whether al - Qaeda sympathisers were mistakenly recruited by MI5 .
Patrick Mercer , chairman of the Home Affairs counter - terror sub-committee , said sources told him six had sought to infiltrate the security service .
Four were ejected at the initial vetting stage but two got " further down the system " , he told the BBC .
The Home Office declined to comment but Whitehall officials firmly rejected the claims , saying there was no evidence .
Mr Mercer said : " What concerns me is that not all of these individuals ... have necessarily been nailed and that is why I 've written to the home secretary to seek his reassurance . "
Mr Mercer has written to Home Secretary Alan Johnson for clarification
The MP believes the security services rushed to try and take on Muslim recruits after the 7/7 bombings on London 's transport network in 2007 .
He told the BBC : " The trouble is when you start recruiting in a hurry ... your enemies will try to take advantage of any gaps that have been created . "
The former intelligence officer said three separate sources had told him of the claims , which came as no surprise to him .
He said : " Any subversive organisation worth its salt is trying to do to our intelligence agencies what we are trying to do to them , I do n't think we should be surprised .
" I do think this is a very , very useful reminder that our enemies are out there , that they are alive and kicking and they wish to do us harm . "
Mr Mercer has written to Home Secretary Alan Johnson for clarification on exactly how far , if at all , the reported al - Qaeda sympathisers got in the organisation before they were ejected .
Whitehall officials told BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner there was no evidence anyone with al - Qaeda sympathies had ever been recruited into MI5 .
Two years ago the MI5 spoke openly about their drive to broaden recruitment among ethnic minorities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As promised earlier , I pulled up a chart showing the stages of Secular Bear Markets historically .
This fascinating composite chart below is courtesy of the Strategy desk of Morgan Stanley Europe .
It shows what the average of the past 19 major Bear markets globally have looked like :
>
Typical Secular Bear Market and Its Aftermath
>
The Chart represents typical secular bear markets based on MS ’s sample of 19 such bear markets as shown after the jump .
There are obvious differences and similarities — the SPX fell 43 % over 18 months , and snapped back 50 % in 6 months .
Almost but not quite as deep , but much faster a fall .
What that means for the snapback is anyone ’s guess .
There is no guarantee that the current market will track that amalgam , knowing what a composite of past Bears looks like can be helpful to your understanding of what is typical .
This table shows Secular Bear Markets and Subsequent Rebound Rally :
>
>
Source :
The Aftermath of Secular Bear Markets
Authors : Teun Draaisma , Ronan Carr , CFA & Graham Secker , Edmund Ng , CFA and Matthew Garman
Morgan Stanley European Strategy 10 August 2009
It was the curious case of the shrinking sheep .
For nearly a quarter of a century the wild Soay sheep on the windswept Scottish island of Hirta have been getting smaller when evolution should have made them bigger .
It was a conundrum that had mystified the scientists who began studying the flock back in the mid-1980s , but now they believe they have come up with a convincing explanation : it all comes down to climate change .
A succession of milder winters and earlier springs have allowed smaller lambs to survive the harsh Hirta winters , with the result that the average body size of the typical Soay ewe has shrunk by about 5 per cent over the past 24 years .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Scientists believe that the findings might begin to explain the subtle interactions between ecological pressures that act on a species ' body size over short periods , and the longer - term evolutionary pressures that can lead to the sort of extreme " island dwarfism " seen in fossils of extinct animals trapped on islands , such as pygmy hippos and dwarf elephants .
" Our findings have solved a paradox that has tormented biologists for years – why predictions did not match observation , " said Professor Tim Coulson , of Imperial College London , who led the study , published in the journal Science , with colleagues Josephine Pemberton and Tim Clutton - Brock .
The Soay sheep fatten up on the lush grass during summer , in the hope that this will take them through the long winter when food is in short supply .
Evolutionary theory suggested that the bigger sheep with the most fat would be the most likely members of the flock to survive until the following spring .
" According to classic evolutionary theory , they should have been getting bigger , because larger sheep tend to be more likely to survive and reproduce than smaller ones , and offspring tend to resemble their parents , " said Professor Coulson .
But the scientists found that over the course of their observations , which dated back to the 1980s , the average size of female sheep has been getting smaller , largely because smaller lambs that in the past would not have made it through the bitter winter months were beginning to survive until the following spring .
They found that a typical ewe was getting smaller each year by between 80g and 100g , and that lambs were not growing as quickly as before .
Previously , the larger lambs that put on weight the fastest during their first summer were the most likely to survive until the following spring .
" Climate change has moved spring a little bit earlier and as spring came earlier , fewer sheep were dying , " said Professor Coulson .
" This decline in the growth rate has also led to an increase in the population size of the Soay flock . "
Another contribution to the remarkable case was what the scientists called the " young - mum effect " .
They found that ewes pregnant for the first time were physically incapable of giving birth to large lambs , which means that there is a constant flow of small lambs being born .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
This runs counter to the evolutionary pressure for larger lambs and the scientists are still unsure about the reasons for the persistence of the young - mum effect , although it forms an important part of the explanation for smaller sheep .
As to what will happen in future years , Professor Coulson is more reticent .
" It 's a little bit early to predict that we 'll be having Chihuahuas running around herding pygmy sheep in say a hundred years from now , " he said .
Island wildlife : From giants rats to pygmy hippos
When animals and plants get trapped on an island , weird things begin to happen .
They sometimes evolve over many thousands of years into smaller versions .
Sometimes they get bigger – such as the giant extinct rats of Indonesia that grew to the size of a small dog , or the tall dandelion trees of Madeira .
On the Galapagos Islands , Charles Darwin was amazed by the sight of giant tortoises .
With an absence of predators , the long - living reptiles could evolve into forms larger than their mainland ancestors .
Fossils of pygmy mammoths have been found on Wrangel Island off northern Siberia .
They had become trapped on the island for many centuries before dying out , and may have been the last mammoths on Earth .
Similar fossils of dwarf elephants have been found on Malta , as well as the remains of pygmy hippos in Madagascar .
It is believed that such large animals evolved into dwarf forms in response to the limited food resources that could support such large herbivores on an island .
Friv is my top recommendation .
Upon visiting the site , you 'll be greeted with a full - screen of tiny screen shots for more than 250 free online PC games !
All kinds of popular games and they are of various genres .
Friv operates on a system of ' one in one out '— whenever a new game is added , it replaces the least popular one in the existing selection , so you will have the most popular ones in hand from time to time , just in one place .
All games are online , you do not need to install any game software onto your PC .
All you need is a PC with high speed internet connection , pick a tiny screen shot and play a game .
It 's simple and intuitive .
Netpotion Gamez is a good alternative game site with minimum advertisements .
It features 36 tiny screen shots in each page from a library of more than 800 free online games .
A click on each tiny screen shot brings you to the game selected .
Top 10 hottest games and top 10 highest rated games are highlighted at Netpotion , which also categories the games into various genres such as action , adventure , board game , driving , fighting , puzzles , shooting , sports , etc .
A search box is available for you to check if a particular game is included in the library .
Some best games featured at Friv or Netpotion are also available to some other websites , such as Game Pear or GameTop , which have a choice of playing the games full - screen .
Some of the good games that I have played at Friv and liked the most are listed here .
The full - screen games that I have tried and consider as my favorite are listed here .
You might want to zoom in and give it a try .
Rogers executives , including Mike Lee , left , and Ken Engelhart spoke before the CRTC Monday .
They argued that throttling uploads is better for their customers than other proposed methods of traffic management .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) ) Rogers and Shaw say they are slowing certain internet applications to reduce congestion and keep internet services reliable and affordable .
" Most carriers are trying to win customers from the other guys and try and keep the customers they have happy , so you should assume … that network management practices are for the benefit of customers , " Ken Englehart , senior vice - president of regulatory issues for Rogers , told a hearing before the Canadian Radio - Television and Telecommunications Commission in response to questions from the commission .
The CRTC hearings are being held to establish guidelines on practices that internet service providers use to manage traffic and congestion on their networks .
For example , the guidelines may say whether or not ISPs would be allowed to throttle — selectively slow down — peer - to - peer ( P2P ) file sharing applications as some ISPs , including Rogers , do now .
Monday was originally supposed to be the last day , but the CRTC decided to postpone Bell Aliant 's appearance at the hearing until Tuesday morning .
Rogers , like most ISPs that have addressed the commission , argued against any regulation of traffic management methods .
" The internet is too new and is changing too quickly , " Englehart said .
Englehart told the CRTC that Rogers throttles P2P uploads all the time as they create traffic throughout that puts a strain on its network that the " consumer - grade internet service " is not intended to support .
Earlier in the day , the Union des consommateurs , a Quebec consumer advocacy group , had suggested that large ISPs target such applications not to deal with congestion , but to prevent competition with arms of their business that deliver services such as video - on - demand .
Englehart denied this , saying that it's not the content , but two other characteristics of P2P transfers that the company is targeting :
Their ability to start and run automatically 24 hours a day without human intervention .
Their ability to take advantage of any additional bandwidth available .
" If any other application — one that was designed to cure cancer [ for example ] had the same characteristics — we would have to manage it because we have a network that 's designed to be a shared use network , " he said .
Non-throttling methods would upset users : Rogers
The CRTC commissioners asked about other possible methods of controlling such as :
Charging for excess use .
Temporarily slowing down heavy users — regardless of what they were using the internet for — during times of heavy congestion .
Englehart said he thought those would upset a lot of people , as the first would require a low cap before excess charges kicked in .
The second would affect applications such as sending photos or voice calls over the internet .
" We do n't want to do that , " he said , adding that the company aims for happy customers .
Following Rogers , the commission heard from :
Quebecor Media on behalf of the ISP Vidéotron .
Shaw Communications Inc .
Shaw said it currently throttles peer - to - peer uploads only during times of congestion , but those periods could occur at any time during the day .
Vidéotron said it does not throttle but relies on extra charges for heavy users to control congestion .
Company executives said that has worked so far , and has even curbed peer - to - peer uploads to some extent .
However , the company said it does not want any guidelines concerning traffic management because things could change in the future .
If companies err in deciding what techniques to use , the market will fix the mistakes , said Dennis Béland , director of regulatory affairs for Quebecor .
In contrast to smaller ISPs , which complained last week that there was little competition in the marketplace , all three ISPs represented at Monday 's hearing insisted that competition was fierce and customers could choose another ISP if they did n't like one ISP 's practices .
ISPs consider traffic management strategies ' sensitive '
Shaw executives , from left to right , Ken Stein , Jean Brazeau and Dennis Steiger also addressed the hearing Monday .
They said only Shaw 's wholesale - not retail - customers , should be informed about the company 's traffic shaping methods , and only under special circumstances .
(( Emily Chung / CBC ) )
All three were opposed to giving much information about their traffic management practices to customers , such as the internet speed of applications being throttled .
Both Rogers and Shaw said they did not feel the information would be useful to their customers , and Engelhart of Rogers also suggested the information is " competitively sensitive . "
Rogers executives argued customers have " very little curiosity " about the company 's traffic management and all three companies suggested too much information would confuse customers .
Shaw stated that it would provide information about its practices to wholesale but not retail customers , and only if the information could have a " material and adverse effect " on those wholesale customers , who are smaller , competing ISPs .
They buy internet service from Shaw at regulated rates and sell it to their own customers .
CRTC commissioner Suzanne Lamarre questioned the implications .
" If you 're denying your retail customers access to information about what type of traffic management practices you 're putting in place , how are customers supposed to make an informed decision about the choice of providers they want to have ? "
Jean Brazeau , Shaw 's senior vice - president of regulatory affairs , responded that customers will look at factors such as quality and price .
After more questions from CRTC commissioner Candice Molnar , Brazeau said existing customers would become aware of new traffic shaping measures through their use of Shaw 's internet service .
Rules would stifle innovation : ISPs
While public advocates have argued that allowing certain applications to be throttled could stifle innovation by disadvantaging some new technologies , both Vidéotron and Shaw executives argued the opposite – that disallowing certain types of traffic management could stifle innovation .
Len Katz , vice - chairman of telecommunications for the CRTC , asked how innovation would be stifled by banning certain practices .
Ken Stein , senior vice - president of corporate and regulatory affairs for Shaw , responded that ISPs are currently able to try different technologies and techniques that may be more effective in order to respond to the demands of the market , and would like to be able to continue to do so .
Meanwhile , Stein dismissed criticism by those opposed to measures that target particular applications , calling the concerns " speculative . "
" They have presented no evidence of any actual problems . "
AQR 's Cliff Asness , a hedge fund manager ( and ex-Goldmanite ) who recently achieved public acclaim by lashing out quite vocally against some of the administration 's tyrannical practices , yet stands to lose some of that new found populist credibility by being one of the first " scholars " supporting the petition to limit oversight and visibility of the " independent " Goldman - enhanced Federal Reserve , has just hit the road with another piece of a Hunter S. Thompson - esque Op - Ed .
The whole piece , captured below , is a must read , and while Asness astutely provides the following legal disclaimer
" AQR 's legal department would like me to add that I am criminally insane and barred by an order of rhetoric protection from speaking on AQR 's behalf .
Anyone trading on my advice , or a client , consultant , employee or Iraqi insurgent thinking he has been wronged by my attitudes or opinions can have a $ 250 out - of - court settlement right now if you 'll sign a waiver , otherwise we 'll break you .
Oh , and we lied about the $ 250 , but seriously , we will break you .
Please note , nobody can predict where markets will go in the short - run and sometimes even the long - run .
When I point out individual things in the marketplace that I think are strange , or wrong , it does n't mean I have the perfect answer or can easily make money from it for my clients , for myself , or certainly for you reading this essay !
Furthermore , if you read one guy 's opinion and do anything based solely on that , you are an idiot .
Next , as the legalese above alludes to , the actual funds and accounts AQR manages are run using models that may or may not agree with what I 'm writing herein , particularly as our models will generally have a shorter time horizon than the things I 'll be writing about .
Listen to me at your own risk ! "
his writing style is certain to not make him many new friends in high places ( Zero Hedge sympathizes ) .
In a sweeping invective that leaves not one human being uninsulted ( and brings a tear of joy and pride to the eye of this author ) , Cliff takes on :
Google : " We all know the Google guy with one eye - brow would crush your larynx for creating a competing search engine . "
NASA : " Those twisted fascist bastards ignored me and we still have not visited the Crab Nebula . "
Michael Moore and Al Gore : " Step two is kicking their asses back to Cuba where they can get in line with Michael Moore and Al Gore for their free gastric bypasses . "
Canadians : " I ’m a big fan of Canadians in general ( particularly Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux , who if healthy probably would have eclipsed Gretzky – but I digress ) , but when it comes to pharmaceuticals they are lucky parasitic hosers . "
Scandinavia : " The temporary success of ( comparatively speaking ) twelve herring - eating homogenous people is not an example that applies to anything outside of perhaps Minnesota , and they elected Stuart Smalley , so under any system they need serious free anti-psychotic medication immediately . "
The New York Times : " The New York Times still thinks Stalin was a pretty decent Joe . "
Congress : " A bureaucracy run by Congressional committee whose members , like the Russian commissars , will , I guarantee you , still get the best health care the gulag hospitaligo can provide . "
Hungarian billionaires : " The one guaranteed to get me yelled at or perhaps picketed by a mob waving signs printed up with George Soros ’s money . "
And of course Obama himself : " I think Barney Frank , and Chris Dodd and Rahm Emanuel ( and his boss ) , and the rest of the K - street gang are smarter than that .
I think they understand what they will lose if freedom wins . "
Must read :
Health Care Mythology
VERY PRELIMINARY DRAFT
Clifford S. Asness , Ph.D .
Managing and Founding Principal
AQR Capital Management , LLC
Comments welcome : comments@stumblingontruth.com
What We Know That Ain’t So
Will Rogers famously said , “ It is n't what we do n't know that gives us trouble , it 's what we know that ai n't so . ”
So it is with the health care debate in this country .
Quite a few “ facts ” offered to the public as truth are simply wrong and often intentionally misleading .
It seems clear that no truly productive solution will emerge when these false facts represent our common starting point .
So , this essay takes on the modest task of simply disabusing its readers of some untrue notions about health care .
I do not take on the harder task of proscribing how we should ( and if we should ) reform health care .
Important work must be done here by those who understand , far better than I , the details of health care provision .
However , no details are necessary for this essay , and no animals ( though perhaps some egos ) were harmed in its creation .
The fallacies I present are basic and it takes only a rational economic framework to expose them .
There are large groups of people in this country who want socialized medicine and they sense that the stars are aligning , and now is their time to succeed .
They rarely call it socialized medicine , but instead “ single payer health care ” or “ universal coverage ” or something that their public relations people have told them sounds better .
Whatever they call it , they believe ( or pretend to believe ) a lot of wrong ‑headed things , and they must be stopped .
Step one is understanding how and why they are wrong .
Step two is kicking their asses back to Cuba where they can get in line with Michael Moore and Al Gore for their free gastric bypasses .
Finally , please read my standard disclosure ( though it ’s more designed for something that might be construed as financial advice , it ca n’t hurt ) and my admission of non-originality . [ i ] , [ ii ]
Myth # 1 Health Care Costs are Soaring
No , they are not .
The amount we spend on health care has indeed risen , in absolute terms , after inflation , and as a percentage of our incomes and GDP .
That does not mean costs are soaring .
You cannot judge the “ cost ” of something by simply what you spend .
You must also judge what you get .
I ’m reasonably certain the cost of 1950 ’s level health care has dropped in real terms over the last 60 years ( and you can probably have a barber from the year 1500 bleed you for almost nothing nowadays ) .
Of course , with 1950 ’s health care , lots of things will kill you that 2009 health care could prevent .
Also , your quality of life , in many instances , would be far worse , but you will have a little bit more change in your pocket as the cost will be lower .
Want to take the deal ?
In fact , nobody in the US really wants 1950 ’s health care ( or even 1990 ’s health care ) .
They just want to pay 1950 prices for 2009 health care .
They want the latest pills , techniques , therapies , general genius discoveries , and highly skilled labor that would make today ’s healthcare seem like science fiction a few years ago .
But alas , successful science fiction costs a lot .
In the case of health care , the fact that we spend so much more on it now is largely a positive .
The negative part is if some , or a lot , of that spending is wasteful .
Of course , that is mostly the government ’s fault and is not the part on which the socialists want you to focus .
We spend so much more on health care , even relative to other advances , mostly because it is worth so much more to us .
Similarly , we spend so much more on computers , compact discs , HDTV , and those wonderful one shot espresso makers that make it like having a barista in your own home .
Interestingly , we also spend a ton more on these other items now than we did in 1950 because none of these existed in 1950 ( well , you could have hired a skilled Italian man to live with you and make you coffee twice a day , so I guess that existed and the price has in fact come down ; my bad , analogy shot ) .
OK , you get the point .
Health care today is a combination of stuff that has existed for a while and a set of entirely new things that look like ( and really are ) miracles from the lens of even a few years ago .
We spend more on health care because it ’s better .
Say it with me again , slowly – this is a good thing , not a bad thing .
In summary , if one more person cites soaring health care costs as an indictment of the free market , when it is in fact a staggering achievement of the free market , I ’m going to rupture their appendix and send them to a queue in the UK to get it fixed .
Last we ’ll see of them . [ 1 ]
Myth # 2 The Canadian Drug Story
Ah … one of the holy myths of the “ US health care sucks ” crowd .
This should be fun .
The general story is how you can buy many drugs in Canada cheaper than you can buy them in the US .
This story is often , without specifically tying the logic together , taken as an obvious indictment of the US ’s ( relatively ) free market system .
This is grossly misguided .
Here ’s what happens .
We have a ( relatively ) free market in the US where drug companies spend a ton to develop new wonder drugs , a non-trivial amount of which is spent to satisfy regulatory requirements .
The cost of this development is called a “ fixed cost . ”
Once it ’s developed it does not cost that much to make each pill .
That ’s called a “ variable cost . ”
If people only paid the variable cost ( or a bit more ) for each pill the whole thing would not work .
You see , the company would never get back the massive fixed cost of creating the drug in the first place , and so no company would try to develop one .
Thus , companies have to , and do , charge more than the variable cost of making each pill .
[ 2 ]
Some look at this system and say to the drug companies “ gee , it does n’t cost you much to make one more pill , so it ’s unfair that you charge much more than your cost . ”
They are completely wrong and not looking at all the costs .
So , let ’s bring this back to our good natured friends to the North ( good natured barring hockey when they ’ll kill you as soon as look at you [ 3 ] ) .
They have socialized medicine and they bargain as the only Canadian buyer for drugs , paying well below normal costs .
Drug companies that spent the enormous fixed costs to create new miracles are charging a relatively high cost in the free and still largely competitive world ( the US ) to recoup their fixed cost and to make a profit .
But socialist societies like Canada limit the price they are allowed to charge .
The US - based company is then faced with a dilemma .
What Canada will pay is not enough to ever have justified creating the miracle pill .
But , once created , perhaps Canada is paying more than the variable cost of each pill .
Thus , the company can make some money by also selling to Canada at a lower price as it ’s still more than it costs them to make that last pill .
However , this is an accident of Canada being a less - free country than the US , able to bargain as one nation , much smaller , and next door .
If we all tried to be Canada it ’s a non-working perpetual motion machine and no miracle pills ever get made because there will be nobody to pay the fixed costs .
I ’m a big fan of Canadians in general ( particularly Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux , who if healthy probably would have eclipsed Gretzky – but I digress ) , but when it comes to pharmaceuticals they are lucky parasitic hosers .
Drug companies in general sell their products to Canada at low prices , making a little profit , and reducing slightly the amount they need to charge other North Americans .
This does create the silly illusion that the Canadian system is somehow better than ours because our own drugs are cheaper there .
They are only cheaper to the extent we are subsidizing them by paying their portion of drug development costs and , unfortunately , we can not subsidize ourselves ( or we go blind ) . [ 4 ]
So , what is the purpose behind those who tell tales of these cheap Canadian drugs ?
Obviously they seek to ridicule our freer system by putting the parasitic and socialist system on a pedestal .
They seek to imply that our system is broken , and delivers only expensive drugs , when the socialist Canadian system delivers the goods for its people .
Thus , they implicitly argue that we need to have socialism here .
It ’s not complicated .
So , repeat after me .
We could go with the Canadian system and have super cheap drugs , if only we can find a much bigger , much more medically advanced , much freer country right next to us to make miracle drugs for themselves , and then we insist that we pay them only a bit above their variable cost for our share , and then they in turn agree to let us be their parasite .
Mexico , would you mind helping us out ?
Myth # 3 Socialized Medicine Works In Some Places
This is a corollary to the “ Canada as parasite ” parable above .
The funny part is socialized medicine has never been truly tested .
Those touting socialism ’s success have never seen a world without a relatively ( for now ) free US to make their new drugs , surgical techniques , and other medical advancements for them .
When ( and I hope this does n’t happen ) the US joins in the insanity of socialized medicine we will see that when you remove the brain from the body , the engine from a car , the candy from the striper , it just does not work .
So , please , stop pointing to all those “ successes ” that even while living off the US still kill hard - working people who could afford their own health care while they stand in line for the government ’s version ( people ’s cancers growing while waiting 10 weeks for a routine scan , which these people could often afford on their own if allowed , is a human tragedy ) .
Even the successes you gin up for them would not be possible without the last best hope of humankind ( the US ) on the front lines again making the miracles for the world .
Specifically , let ’s also stop citing the Nordic countries as examples .
The temporary success of ( comparatively speaking ) twelve herring - eating homogenous people is not an example that applies to anything outside of perhaps Minnesota , and they elected Stuart Smalley , so under any system they need serious free anti-psychotic medication immediately .
Anyway , the Nordic country ’s touted “ success ” is going to go the way of the Soviet Union ’s plan to bury us , as their changing demographics ( far more economic diversity and an aging population ) change their culture and show the cracks in their utopian fantasy .
As Milton Friedman ( paraphrasing ) said to a Swede bragging about how little poverty there was in his country " well , yes , I too have observed that among Swedes in America , there 's also very little poverty . "
To put it simply , right now the US ’s free system massively intellectually subsidizes the world ’s unfree ( socialized ) ones .
That sucks .
The only thing that would suck worse is joining them without anyone to subsidize us all .
Myth # 4 A Public Option Can Co-Exist with a Private Option
This one has been the subject of some hot debate .
Let ’s first define it .
Part of the current junta ’s plan is to add a “ public option ” for health insurance .
That is health insurance provided by the government ( actually provided by you and your neighbors – this is a good thing to remember whenever you find yourselves thinking anything comes from the government , really , if you take away anything from this essay take away this ! ) .
They claim this “ public option ” can co-exist fairly alongside private health insurance , increasing competition and keeping the private system “ honest ” , and not deteriorate to a single payer ( socialized medicine ) system .
They are wrong , or very dishonest , as in unguarded moments they admit that the single payer socialized system is what they really want .
The New York Times disagrees with me , thinking the two can co-exist .
But the New York Times still thinks Stalin was a pretty decent Joe .
Those advocating the “ public option ” say it ’s just there to keep private enterprise honest .
They point out that private doctors prescribe more expensive procedures than ones employed by the government , and then use that as evidence that the private system has inefficiencies ( to get as inefficient as the government they ’d have to proscribe enough CAT scans to turn you into Spider - Man if conveniently bitten by an arachnid along the way ) .
It makes me want to ask them , “ but then do n’t we need that in every industry ?
Does n’t the already massive competition in health care keep things honest ? ”
Of course , this leads to the uncomfortable conclusion that by their logic the government must be a major player in every industry .
Ah , just when you think you have them , you remember , they are socialists .
They have you !
This is in fact what they desire .
Do n’t throw them in the briar patch .
But , in our case they are mendacious socialists who know that they will not achieve their massive imposition of state control on all aspects of life if they are honest about it .
So they are dismantling liberty piece by piece .
Now , let ’s get back to the idea that the government can run a fair “ private option ” , but not forget that there ’s nothing special about health care .
The government does not co-exist or compete fairly with private enterprise .
It does not play well with others .
The regulator cannot be a competitor at the same time .
It can not compete fairly while it owns the armed forces and courts .
Finally , it can not be a fair competitor if when the “ public option ” screws up ( ca n’t pay its bills ) , the government implicitly or explicitly guarantees its debts .
We have seen what happens in that case and do n’t need a re-run .
The first thing the government does is underprice the private system .
You can easily be forgiven for thinking this is a good thing .
Why not , cheaper is better right ?
Wrong .
They will underprice private enterprise by charging less to the purchaser of health insurance , not by actually creating it cheaper .
Who makes up the difference ?
Well , you and your family do if you pay taxes , or your kids will pay taxes , or their kids will pay taxes .
The government can always underprice competition , not through the old fashioned way of doing it better , they never do that , but by robbing Peter to pay for Paul .
They are taking money from your left pocket and giving you a small portion of it back in your right pocket .
They do it every day before breakfast , and take a victory lap for the small portion they return .
Second , the government ultimately always cheats when it ’s involved in “ honest ” competition .
Try mailing a first class letter through Fed - Ex , or placing an off - track bet with a bookie , or playing a lottery through a private company .
Uh , you can ’t , so please stop trying .
I do n’t want you to hurt yourself .
Once the government discovers it cannot win , it changes the rules .
You see , the government has the power to legislate , steal , imprison , and kill .
Those are advantages most private firms do not have , save Google , and you did n’t hear that from me ( we all know the Google guy with one eye - brow would crush your larynx for creating a competing search engine ) .
I have friends who say that I can’t compare doctors to postal workers or truck drivers or bookies as doctors are tireless altruists ( pretty damn arrogant no ? ) .
I respect the skills of doctors , but they are the kids in college who wanted good jobs with prestige and money , and worked damn hard to attain them , but barely a one was more altruistic than the average truck driver ( ever have a doctor drive you from Cleveland to Spokane for nothing but your participation in a duet ? )
And anyway , those who want socialism want to enslave these altruists while I want to free them , so I am not sure I need to argue this point .
Perhaps the best example of the destructive “ public option ” is our nation ’s schools .
Here we clearly have a government provided “ public option ” competing with ( and in fact dominating in size ) private schooling .
But , is it fair ?
Does it work well ?
Not by a long - shot .
To send your kids to private school ( i.e. , a school that competes with the government ) you need to first pay your taxes .
Absent vouchers or tax credits , the bête noirs of the “ socialism in education ” set , if you eschew the “ public option ” you have to pay for education twice .
Double payment is not only unfair , but the quality of the product without competition is inhuman and a catastrophe to a generation of children the Left weeps tears over , but actively works to destroy ( after all , the Left needs future customers ) .
That the schools provided by the government pale next to the private options , which themselves pale next to what we would have with a full private system ( even if publicly funded ) is beyond sad , but not the direct point here .
The direct point is a “ public option ” cannot exist without cheating – in this case making you pay for it even if you do n’t use it ( I ’m pretty sure if a private company tried that it would be called stealing ) .
With a “ public option ” things inevitably would go the horrific way of our public schools .
Instead of existing to please customers ( patients and students respectively ) the “ public option ” in schools exists largely to benefit empowered stakeholders of the system ( health administrators and unionized school employees respectively ) , who will shamelessly pretend to give a darn about sick people and children .
Watch the analogy play out if we go this route in health care .
It will be like looking in a funhouse mirror and seeing a doctor where you used to see a teacher .
All else will be the same .
Finally , let ’s worry a bit about the end game .
We are not here yet , but in a world where the “ public option ” replaced all private options , would we still be allowed , if we had the resources , to pursue private medical alternatives ?
Some socialized countries say yes , some say no .
Imagine the answer is no in this country , where freedom is valued more than anywhere else in the world .
Imagine a person is to be prevented from spending their hard earned money on their or their children ’s health care , or a doctor was prevented from earning what he could in a parallel free system after all his training and work .
If we get to this point , and I pray we do not , it ’s time to skip all the Constitution but the second amendment ( while we still have it ) , as it wo n’t be America anymore .
Let ’s again conclude by asking why they are lying here about the “ public option ” ?
Well , the President has said if starting from scratch he ’d prefer socialized medicine ( he calls it something different , but again , he ’s not telling the truth ) .
He also now insists that this “ public option ” is not intended to lead to fully socialized medicine , and accuses those who say it will lead there of , you guessed it , lying .
Odd no ?
But it takes literally seconds to realize that this “ public option ” cannot co-exist with liberty and thus will indeed lead to full‑on socialization .
Since the simplest answer is usually best , and the President has already declared his preference for a “ single - payer ” system , and since this “ public option ” leads there with near certainty , might I be forgiven for assuming he knows this and is lying , and has a socialized medicine end - game in mind ?
Myth # 5 We Can Have Health Care Without Rationing
Rationing has to occur .
This sounds cold and cruel , but it is reality .
A=A .
If you have a material good or service , like health care , that is ever increasing in quality , and therefore cost , there is no way everyone on Earth can have the best at all times ( actually the quality increases are not necessary for rationing to be needed , it just makes the example clearer ) .
It ’s going to be rationed by some means .
The alternatives come down to the marketplace or the government .
To choose between those alternatives you judge on morality and efficacy .
Everyone on both sides seems to hate the rationing word .
People favoring free markets point to the explicit rationing that occurs in other countries with glee , while those favoring socialism point to the number of uninsured who get their health care through emergency rooms and the like ( a form of rationing ) .
Both sides are wrong to complain about rationing per se , that ’s a fact of life .
But there are differences .
It is an uncomfortable truth that tough choices will have to be made .
There is no system that provides for unlimited wants with limited resources .
Our choice is whether it should be rationed by free people making their own economic calculations or by a bureaucracy run by Congressional committee ( whose members , like the Russian commissars , will , I guarantee you , still get the best health care the gulag hospitaligo can provide ) .
Free people making their own choices only consume what they value above price , using funds they have earned or been given voluntarily .
With socialized medicine health care is rationed by committees of politicians trying to get re-elected and increase their own power , and people consume as much of it as the commissars deem permissible .
I do not find these tough alternatives to choose between .
By the way , nothing says that part of this rationing cannot include large amounts of charity , privately or even ( and the libertarian in me quakes ) publicly , but that still involves rationing .
Sorry , we ca n’t suspend the laws of physics and arithmetic .
So , why do they lie about rationing , other than habit ?
Well , rationing is n’t pleasant news for those who do n’t get that 2+2 will always equal 4 .
Telling optimistic innumerates that your plan does not include rationing wins support .
Myth # 6 Health Care is A Right
Nope , it ’s not .
But we are at the nuclear bomb of the discussion .
The one guaranteed to get me yelled at or perhaps picketed by a mob waving signs printed up with George Soros ’s money .
Those advocating socialized medicine love to scream “ health care is a right . ”
They are loud , they are scary , but they are wrong about rights ( as the 1980 kid in me resists the temptation to type “ TO PARTY ” – you had to be there ) .
This is more philosophy than economics , and I 'm not a philosopher .
But , luckily it does n't take a superb philosopher to understand that health care simply is not a “ right ” in the sense we normally use that word .
Listing rights generally involves enumerating things you may do without interference ( the right to free speech ) or may not be done to you without your permission ( illegal search and seizure , loud boy - band music in public spaces ) .
They are protections , not gifts of material goods .
Material goods and services must be taken from others , or provided by their labor , so if you believe you have an absolute right to them , and others do n’t choose to provide it to you , you then have a “ right ” to steal from them .
But what about their far more fundamental right not to be robbed ?
In fact , although it ’s not the primitive issue , the constant improvement in health care gives another good example of why the “ right ” to health care makes little sense .
Did you have a right to chemotherapy in 1600 AD ?
You could have protested to Parliament all you wanted , but chemo just did n’t exist .
Then , did you have a right to it the moment some genius invented it ?
You did not pay for the research .
You did not make the breakthrough .
Where do you get the right ?
How did it come into existence for you the moment somebody else created these things ?
I ’m pretty sure you cannot have rights to material goods that do n’t exist , and I am pretty certain that the moment some genius ( or business , or even government ) brings them into the world your “ rights ” do not improve .
But strangely , many disagree .
Conundrums are easy to create .
If a cure for all disease is discovered but it costs the GDP of Europe for each treatment , do we all have a right to it ?
Of course not .
We can say we do , but it does not matter .
We cannot have it ( unless you agree with my forecast for Europe ’s GDP and wait 50 years ) .
But the absolute “ health care is a right ” position leads to a clear yes ( you know those people bussed in by ACORN and the SEIU carrying signs saying “ health care is a right ” ?
Ask them what they think about this issue ; I dare you ) .
The smarter crazies might argue that they only mean the right to a reasonable level of health care .
But then we have government running and rationing health care , as Congressional committee decides what ’s “ reasonable ” ?
Health care is not a primitive right , but keep printing those signs .
So why do people scream health care is a “ right ” if it so obviously is not ?
If not a right it can still be willingly provided as charity by society ( I ’ll again leave aside the libertarian fight about whether we all need to be forced to provide charity ) .
But those screaming “ health care is a right ” worry that this will not work out as well for them .
It would work out if all they cared about was good health care for all , and not power , but they do love that power .
Those seeking free health care could admit these are not rights but they simply want other people ’s stuff , and be honest supplicants , or open thieves .
However , they believe that guilt and the false moral high ground work better for them .
Do not cede that ground .
They are beggars with the government ’s guns behind them .
They are beggars you may , or may not , choose to help .
I personally have chosen to help many ( those with my views are painted as non-humanitarians but we believe our ideas will make everyone better off ) .
But that is your and my choice , not their right .
When they ask you to help , please consider it , and do what your conscience and abilities suggest and allow .
When they try to take it as their right , they are thieves and enslavers , tell them “ no . ”
Finally , while again we may choose to provide a minimum standard of health care to our neediest , we should not be ashamed that better health care , like all material goods , comes with success .
Capitalism is simply what happens when you mix freedom and economics .
Capitalism says if you achieve and build more , you can spend more and have more .
You can have a bigger TV , a bigger house , a hotter spouse , and shinier teeth for your pets ( or a hotter pet and shinier teeth for your spouse ) .
How on Earth did the notion that it ’s “ unfair ” to spend the money you earned on your own health care , probably the most important thing to you , come about ?
Well , I know how it came about .
It rhymes with momunnism and has been pushed by a far left academia , far left candidates that do n’t have a clue about economics beyond cashing a lobbyist ’s check , far left trade unions pining for a workers revolution that just never came but now they ’re trying to steal on the sly ( but God forbid a secret ballot ) , and a far left media who just thinks they are smarter , better and kinder people than everyone else because they enjoy making snotty sarcastic comments about Republicans ( and where is Jon Stewart going to get his health care under the new system anyway ? ) .
But I digress again .
Ironically of course , as in all things , the profits made on allowing people to spend differentiated amounts of their own money on health care would fund so much better health care for all it ’s sickening ( pun intended ) .
Think of the newly invented drugs and other advances that shortly would be cheap enough for everyone if companies were actually fully free to profit on them .
It would be too long of an economics lesson to explain to my beret - wearing friends of Che that profits are a good thing , and that companies cannot charge whatever they want forever as the essence of capitalism is not love of the corporation but love of competition .
But , while I admit it looks dark now , everyone would do well to study up on those things as they ’re going to be making a comeback soon .
Finally , to reiterate , calling something a “ right ” and holding up signs screaming you have that right just does not make it so .
I once picketed NASA for a whole summer with a sign that said " Faster Than Light Travel Is A Right " and " FTL NOW ! ! " ( it was actually a whole back and forth chant that went “ when do we want FTL !! ” , with the sing - song response , “ now ! ! ” , etc. , but it was just me and did n’t work too well ) .
Alas , those twisted fascist bastards ignored me and we still have not visited the Crab Nebula .
So , Why Are These Crazy Things Believed ( Or , Pretended to Be Believed ) ?
I forgive individuals .
Lots of people are scared and misinformed by their politicians and the media or else they would understand the whitewash that is going on here and reject socialist “ solutions ” to a problem best solved for their families by freedom .
In fact , eventually I think they will ( if Congress and the President do n’t first intentionally jam through a socialist bill they know cannot survive scrutiny by the American people ) .
Now as to why the media and politicians say what they say , and propose what they propose , it is more complicated .
Actually the media is often just plain stupid ( not all of them , some are geniuses , but as a group certainly ) , repeating tired leftist dogmas and looking down on anyone who believes in freedom as just a red state moron ( trust me , they think that ) .
How else do you explain free infomercials for Obama ’s socialized medicine without rebuttal ?
How else do you explain the failed New York Times front page that ’s less news and more editorial parody than Steven Colbert ?
Why the politicians do it is somewhat more complicated , and a bit more nefarious .
Some politicians may indeed just be idealistic dupes who actually want to help people but do n’t realize they will harm them , or even fools who just want to feel important .
But let ’s leave Ms. Pelosi out of this for now and talk about the smart ones .
I do not think true confusion among the political and intellectual class is most of their problem .
I do not think they believe for a second that socialized medicine will make people better off .
How could they ?
I think Barney Frank , and Chris Dodd and Rahm Emanuel ( and his boss ) , and the rest of the K - street gang are smarter than that .
I think they understand what they will lose if freedom wins .
Lots of politicians understand that the simple free system leaves them out in the cold .
No power for them .
No committees to sit on to decide people ’s lives .
No lies to tell their constituents how they ( the government ) brought them the health care they so desperately need .
No fat checks from lobbyists as the crony capitalists pay dearly to make the only profits possible under this system , those bestowed by the government .
Libertarians are often accused wrongly of loving “ big business , ” but we do n’t , particularly when they predictably turn themselves into crony capitalists who try to succeed by wheedling from the government .
On the other hand the socialists love cronies of all sorts , ones who command large enterprises all the better .
Socialists are far closer than libertarians to building and countenancing the all - powerful corporate state they claim to fear .
Odd I know !
That an array of crony capitalists are lining up from Wal - Mart to hospitals to medical insurers ( bringing back Harry and Louise this time for socialism ) hoping to cut the best deals for themselves before the iron curtain falls is sad .
That they are being lauded by the administration as a sign its healthcare position is right is simply propaganda .
Yep , when someone agrees to pay Al Capone protection , it 's a clear sign Al Capone was right to begin with ....
We further see this predicted abuse of power as the health care proposals are already filled with freebies to the President ’s friends – including exempting unions from onerous features .
Gee , the same unions in whose favor he has re-written the bankruptcy rules and wants to exempt from the most American of ideas , the secret ballot .
It ’s good to be a friend of the most ethical administration ever .
For another example how this is about government power and the suppression of private liberty , and not helping people , look no further than the fact that their massive tax increase on the " rich " ( which by leftist definition are never paying their " fair share " if they have enough left over to remain rich ) is on pre-deduction income .
[ 5 ]
That means if you give all your money to charity you still owe Caesar his 5 + percent on money you did not keep and do not have , but gave away to a good cause .
This might raise some revenue , but it is largely about the destruction of private charity .
Barack and Harry and Chris and Nancy and the other gang of four ( yes our gang of four is much bigger than four ) are about the people having to crawl on their knees to government ( them ) instead of anyone else , including private charity , not about helping people .
BTW , Congressman Charles Rangel said lawmakers targeted high earners because it “ causes the least amount of pain on the least amount of people . ”
So does , in the short - run , imprisoning the rich and harvesting their organs for better health care for everyone else .
Charlie , any thoughts on where you stop stealing ?
Finally , if the above is not enough , the rush to pass a huge expansion of government now , and limit debate and discussion , is indicative of a group that knows it is wrong , and if people have time to think they will refuse to go along , but is attempting an exercise of naked power , to impose dictatorship before the people wake up .
Paraphrasing Mark Twain , a lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth puts on its shoes .
They are counting on this , and they do n’t want to give the truth time to be shod .
And In Conclusion
At this point you might accuse me of offering only complaints about the Administration 's plans , without constructive suggestions of my own .
There is truth to that .
But I make no apologies .
If people believe crazy things it ’s first and foremost important to change that before progress can be made .
But also , I think we 're doing okay enough without radical changes , certainly not hastily panicked changes towards socialism , and also because I lack the expertise to recommend the detailed practical steps that would be productive ( in contrast it requires no expertise to see that the myths above are indeed lunacy ) .
I do understand people are frustrated at many aspects of the current system , and it is tempting to tear it all down and build something that looks shiny and new and perfect in the advertisement .
Many of the complaints concern the complexity of getting insurance , treatment and reimbursement .
I blame this mostly on excessive regulation , a complex employment - based insurance system strongly encouraged by tax law , and litigation for the benefit of trial lawyers rather than patients or anyone else .
We do not need a single payer ( socialized medicine ) system to cut confusion and inefficiency .
On the contrary we need unfettered competition and clear legal standards .
Another major concern is provision of basic healthcare to the needy .
This is an important issue , but not an expensive one in the scheme of things , and not one that should drive the trillion - dollar healthcare debate .
You do not reorganize the entire housing industry and tax policy around the need for homeless shelters , you just build enough shelters and let the market take care of , and discipline , the people who can pay for their own housing .
Finally there is the concern that healthcare costs make US workers too expensive to compete in global markets .
As long as workers get full value for their healthcare dollars , it should n't matter whether companies pay in cash or in health benefits .
The competitiveness issue is an important one , but healthcare costs versus wages versus taxes to pay for public health care is a minor detail in it .
The main thing is not how it ’s divided up but total costs , and total value received by the worker .
Costs are minimized , and value received maximized , by open competition .
I recognize these are general prescriptions rather than specific healthcare reform proposals , but you do n't have to be a weatherman to know which way the wind blows ( are non-Leftists allowed to quote Dylan ? ) .
[ 1 ]
Some say health care advances are really an achievement of the government as the government funds university research .
Wow .
What a clear case of the government muscling in , taking over , and then pointing to their taking over of Poland as a success .
We Poles feel differently .
[ 2 ]
By the way , it ’s really not only about cost .
That companies try to maximize profit is not something they or I should apologize for , it is beautiful and fair and the reason why great things are created , but for this analysis I ’ll just focus on cost .
[ 3 ] FYI , your author is a hockey nut .
[ 4 ]
Truth be told this is n’t about just Canada but any group that negotiates en masse for prices that cover variable not fixed costs .
But the general point is still valid .
The success of some groups at this does not mean it ’s a viable system for all , in fact it ’s impossible to be a viable system for all .
We can not all be free riders .
[ 5 ]
While not the subject of this essay , let ’s put another widespread myth to bed .
“ The rich only give to charity for the tax deduction . ”
Please note , when the rich give substantial amounts to charity they end up with substantially less for themselves .
The idea of the charitable deduction ( which some libertarians may argue with as it subsidizes behavior the government finds “ nice ” ) is that if you do not keep the money you earned , but pass it on to a good cause , you do not also pay taxes on it .
That seems pretty reasonable as you did not keep it .
That many , even most , think this is somehow a giveaway to the rich is a statement on the sorry state of understanding , and the dangerous level of class - warfare we already have in this country .
[ i ] AQR Disclosure
The views and opinions expressed herein are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of AQR Capital Management , LLC its affiliates , or its employees .
The information set forth herein has been obtained or derived from sources believed by the author to be reliable .
However , the author does not make any representation or
warranty , express or implied , as to the information 's accuracy or completeness , nor does the author recommend that the attached information serve as the basis of any investment decision and it has been provided to you solely for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation of an offer , or any advice or recommendation , to purchase any securities or other financial instruments , and may not be construed as such .
Cliff ’s Additional Disclosure
This is Cliff speaking now .
AQR 's legal department would like me to add that I am criminally insane and barred by an order of rhetoric protection from speaking on AQR 's behalf .
Anyone trading on my advice , or a client , consultant , employee or Iraqi insurgent thinking he has been wronged by my attitudes or opinions can have a $ 250 out - of - court
settlement right now if you 'll sign a waiver , otherwise we 'll break you .
Oh , and we lied about the $ 250 , but seriously , we will break you .
Please note , nobody can predict where markets will go in the short - run and sometimes even the long - run .
When I point out individual things in the marketplace that I think are strange , or wrong , it does n't mean I have the perfect answer or can easily make money from it for my clients , for myself , or certainly for you reading this essay !
Furthermore , if you read one guy 's opinion and do anything based solely on that , you are an idiot .
Next , as the legalese above alludes to , the actual funds and accounts AQR manages are run using models that may or may not agree with what I 'm writing herein , particularly as our models will generally have a shorter time horizon than the things I 'll be writing about .
Listen to me at your own risk !
If you choose to read what I write please only use it as one input for you to critically evaluate in your decision process .
Finally , my style is to write very aggressively and passionately about what I believe .
So unless you are a libertarian / objectivist , small government and free market loving , socialist hating , value investing geek you probably wo n't agree with everything or anything I say .
If you find the way I say it insulting , I 'm sorry about the first few words you could n't help reading , but if you read a moment past that ( in this disclaimer or later ) , it is on you .
I agree we need to censor things occasionally but only to protect children and madmen ( and of course the children of madmen ) .
If you believe in censoring anything else short of a nuclear secret you 'd probably look good in hobnail boots and the crooked cross .
Thanks for listening .
[ ii ] I do n’t claim any great originality here .
Much , or even all , of what I ’m saying has been said elsewhere .
But , we ’re still losing , so it ’s worth repeating all this again with some new angles , a few new pieces of black humor , and perhaps a different font .
In particular , and not even close to exhaustively , I can recommend recent pieces of Newman , Sowell , Stossell , Szasz , Will , and many by the Cato Institute that cover a lot of the same ground I attempt to re-take .
Scariest .
Billboard .
Ever .
I forgot to include the craziest thing about last weekend ’s drive down to Astoria .
Between exits 72 and 73 on I - 5 in southern Washington , roughly 90 miles from Seattle , are these delightful billboards :
–
To quote my dear husband , WHAT THE CRAP HELL ?
We ’ve seen them a few times ( basically whenever we head down to Oregon ) and they change every few months .
Occassionally they ’re really strange or obtuse , but as of late they ’ve been more direct ( and distinctly anti-Obama ) .
I particularly love the phrase “ you keep the change ” , which manages to sound threatening and moronic all at once .
There ’s not much else to say , really .
They ’re just kinda messed up .
Share this Post
Taking their fiercely popular romantic comedy across the pond , Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler were spotted at the UK premiere of “ The Ugly Truth . ”
The “ 27 Dresses ” actress and the “ P.S. I Love You ” stud both looked amazing as they arrived at the Vue West End Theatre in London , England to greet the mass of paparazzi and fans waiting for them .
Mr. Butler kept it classic in a dark suit with a white button - up shirt and a circa -1984 thin necktie while Katherine added some color to the scene in a sparkly green dress .
“ The Ugly Truth ” has been a massive hit everywhere else it ’s been released , so the folks over in England are sure to love it as well .
I have frequently disagreed with Mike " Mish " Shedlock in the past , but I agree with him in his assessment that stock prices are bound to fall soon Because unknown factors can appear and influence events , one can never be sure of what will happen in the future .
But we can say what is likely to happen and what is not likely to happen given available information .
And right now , all available evidence suggests that a big sell - off is underway .
What evidence am I referring too ?
Beginning with fundamental analysis , we can note that compared to a year ago , earnings are down 30 % while stock prices are down only 20 % .
Meaning that stocks have become approximately 15 % more expensive than a year ago .
If stocks had been undervalued a year ago that may not have been so bad , but the fact is that stocks were more expensive than the historical average already last year , and are even more expensive now .
While most companies did do " better than expected " , that only reflected that " expectations " had been discretely and conveniently lowered just before the releases .
As is noted in this column , stocks are now more expensive than the historical average , particularly relative to the actual earnings during the latest year , but also relative to the 10 - year average .
Bulls would presumably respond by pointing to how interest rates are lower than normal .
That is true , but on the other hand I would argue that growth prospects are more dismal than normal .
Continuing then with technical analysis , we can see that stocks are now more over - bought than at anytime before the latest 8 years .
If we continue with an analysis of the monetary situation , we can see that the rapid money supply growth that started in September 2008 after several months of stagnant money supply , again turned stagnant after March .
MZM has since mid-March grown at about only 4 % at an annual rate .
With bank credit continuing to decline , it is difficult to see any acceleration in money supply growth .
Even so , this indicator is the most bullish one , indicating stable stock prices assuming all else is equal .
But as this indicator is n't everything , and the other indicator clearly indicating an imminent sell - off , the overall assessment must be that a stock market sell - off will come soon .
Atlanta attorney E. Adam Webb has filed a class action lawsuit against Capital One Bank alleging that Capital One has operated in bad faith by unilaterally increasing the interest rates on consumer credit card accounts .
Capital
One has raised rates even for consumers who have always maintained their good standing by satisfying all account requirements , such as making all required payments and not exceeding credit limits .
Furthermore , Capital
One has taken such action even against those whose credit scores and general creditworthiness have not declined .
The suit claims that Capital One , which is headquartered in McLean , Virginia , has engaged in improper and unfair practices in order to increase the revenue it generates via the interest rates imposed on consumer credit card accounts .
The case , styled Lemond v. Capital One Bank ( USA ) , N.A. , is pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia and has been assigned Case Number 1:09 - CV-01582-RWS .
According to the suit , Capital
One raised the interest rates associated with credit card accounts by over nine percent even though accounts were in good standing and had been at all relevant times .
Although Capital
One did not purport to impose these new higher rates on balances accrued prior to its notice to consumers , the effect is the same because of the Bank 's practice of crediting all payments to the portion of the account balance with the lowest interest rate .
In addition , the suit alleges that Capital One 's offer that customers could reject this interest rate increase by closing their credit card accounts is inadequate because , as Capital One is well aware , closing a credit line has a negative impact on a consumer 's credit score .
A lower credit score can cost a consumer thousands of dollars over the term of a home mortgage or other loan .
As a result , customers have been forced to accept Capital One 's unilateral rate increases .
The Plaintiffs allege that Capital One is liable for all damages that have resulted from its bad faith and improper conduct , to include the differential in interest payments paid by the class members to Capital One .
If you wish to discuss this action or have any questions concerning this press release , please contact E. Adam Webb. , Esq. by e-mail at contact ( at ) webbllc ( dot ) com or by calling ( 770 ) 444-9325 .
# # #
When you have an image with a color cast it is often difficult to correct .
Mainly because you do n't exactly know which colors need to be corrected .
This tutorial shows you an easy way to get rid of those annoying color casts .
After the color correction
Before the color correction
Step 1 : What color needs to be corrected .
Activate the Color Pick Tool and click in an area of the image that should be ( but is n't ) white , for example the white of the eyes .
If there are n't any white areas in the image take the most neutral ( gray ) area of the image .
By doing this you 've determent the color that need to be corrected and have set it as the foreground color .
Click on the foreground color and set the Saturation ( S ) to 100 and the Value ( V ) to 60 .
Step 2 : The color correction .
Create a new layer and fill it with the foreground color .
While the new colored layer is active go to Color > Invert .
Change the blend mode of this layer to Overlay .
In most cases the result is not good yet .
You 'll get an other colorcast .
All you have to do now is to lower the opacity of this layer .
The value depends of the image you 're working on .
You may or may not find inner peace at this weekend 's India Fest , but you 'll certainly find a tasty bowl of dhal soup .
And you 'll surely experience an array of traditional Indian culture , such as native music , dance , and art .
The fest begins Saturday with a free bazaar at Agricenter International , featuring all things India with sales of native clothing , jewelry , crafts , and other accessories .
Vendors also will be peddling food from the various regions of India .
" There will be booths representing 10 different states , and people can taste the cuisine from each .
Regionally , there 's quite a difference in the way food is prepared in terms of spices , " says Neeraj Gupta , president of the India Association of Memphis .
When the belly is full , be sure to work off those calories with free yoga and Indian dance lessons .
On Sunday , the party will move to the Michael Rose Theater at the University of Memphis .
Musicians , dancers , and specialists in " hand shadowgraphy " will take the stage for " Yaadein : An Evening of Entertainment To Celebrate Six Decades of Independence . "
" India is so unique , and it has so much to offer , " Gupta says .
" We want to make the broader community aware of the arts of India . "
India Fest Bazaar , Agricenter International , 7777 Walnut Grove , Saturday , August 18th , 11 a.m. -7 p.m. Free .
" Yaadein , " Michael Rose Theater , University of Memphis , Sunday , August 19th , 4 - 8 p.m. $ 10 ( advance ) , $ 15 Day of show .
-- by Bianca Phillips
Vimeo is becoming one of the most popular video sites for users who want a place to present high quality , artistic videos .
Its elegant interface and user - friendly tools make the service an attractive website for artists , filmmakers and videobloggers .
Because of this , Vimeo is full of amazing work from the realms of animation , film making , artistic commentary , and captures of beautiful moments from everyday life .
Here are 12 amazing videos for design inspiration that are a must see for creatives and non-creatives alike :
1. Galactic Center of Milky Way
This breathtaking film is a timelapse captured film of the Milky Way moving over Texas .
It 's amazing to see the many ways a filmmaker can use time lapse to create gorgeous videos .
2. Muto
An animation by an artist known as Blu , the film features a wall painted animation filmed in Buenos Aires and in Baden .
3. Short Love Story in Stop Motion
A beautiful stop motion animation film that takes you on a rollercoaster of a love story from childhood to the end .
It is filled with breathtaking imagery and seamless design .
You can learn more about how the artist , Carlos Lascano , used stop motion and 2d animation to create this video on his site .
4. Big Ideas ( do n't get any )
For his final project , art student James Houston created an amazing retro remix to Radiohead 's " Nude . "
The project was originally created for the contest the band held for their album " In Rainbows . "
5. Light - paint Piano Player
Light painting can be a fascinating thing to watch .
This animated light paintings video of a little piano player performing against the night landscape of San Diego is a must - see .
6. What Else Is There ?
As with every one of Royksopp 's music videos , this one is just odd and magical to watch .
" What Else Is There ? " is a haunting song , followed by an equally haunting video depicting the dream - state travel of the subject across strange landscapes .
7. Autumn Story
This music video , directed by Lucinda Schreiber and Yanni Kronenberg , was designed from the stills of a chalk drawing .
It 's absolutely beautiful and inspiring .
8. Helpless
As with all of Keith Loutit 's videography , this piece was designed from thousands of stills that were later edited together and put into stop motion film .
The way in which the artist edits these creates an appearance that you are watching a small miniature world of people .
It 's amazing to watch .
9. Irregular Flow
The artist created an illusion using compositing of the young woman creating an almost musical pattern of ink drops moving across the wall .
I absolutely love how the wind moves her and creates an illusion that the ink is flowing because of that .
10 . Steel Life
Steel life is the master thesis film of Mathieu Gerard .
Gerard creates beautiful imagery including landscapes , textures , and movement by utilizing digital design .
11 . Surface
Directed by TU +// Varathit Uthaisri , the film is an exploration of human actions and movement from below the surface .
12 . Scintillation
Xavier Chassaing creates a magical film from 35,000 photographs and a combination of live projection mapping techniques .
This is by far my favorite video .
It 's absolutely amazing .
Additional video resources from Mashable
Metairie Attorney
Our founding attorney , Glenn McGovern , grew up in the Ninth Ward in New Orleans East , graduated from the University of New Orleans and earned his law degree in 1977 from Loyola University School of Law .
Since that time , he has focused on helping the victims of civil rights violations , motorcycle , auto and truck accidents , toxic torts and product defects .
And his practice has thrived .
A Louisiana Super Lawyer® with an AV - rating * under Martindale Hubbell ’s peer rating system and membership in the Million Dollar Advocates Forum , he continues to fight hard for his clients .
READ MORE
MONTGOMERY , Ala .  Alabama 's ban on a wine that features a nude nymph on the label became a business opportunity for a California vintner who is preparing a marketing campaign to capitalize on being " Banned in Bama . "
The Alabama Alcoholic Beverage Control Board recently told stores and restaurants to quit serving Cycles Gladiator wine because of the label .
Board attorney Bob Martin said the stylized , art - nouveau rendition of a nude female with a flying bicycle violated the conservative state 's rules against displaying " a person posed in an immoral or sensuous manner . "
Bill Leigon , president of Hahn Family Wines in Soledad , Calif. , said Thursday that visits to the company 's website have increased tenfold since news of the ban broke late last week , and callers from across the country have been asking where they can buy the wine .
Because of the interest , he 's developing store displays that say " Banned in Bama " and " Taste What They Can't Have in Alabama . "
Hahn said he will never miss the 500 cases sold annually in Alabama .
" There is going to be a significant increase in our sales , " he predicted .
Rosanna Guardagno , a social psychologist at the University of Alabama , said a ban often increases people 's interest in a product .
" The ABC Board , without realizing it , is going to boost their sales , " she said .
The wine 's label is copied from an 1895 French advertising poster for Cycles Gladiator bicycles .
It shows a side view of a full - bodied nymph flying alongside a winged bicycle .
Martin said the ABC Board rejected the label last year , which meant the product was n't supposed to be sold in Alabama .
A citizen recently sent a bottle to the board to show it was still being sold in the state , prompting the letter to restaurants and stores to stop sales , he said .
Hahn 's president said he was unaware of the ABC Board 's rejection until the letter was sent to retailers .
He said the poster is a classic piece of art , with originals selling for as much as $ 50,000 .
Although nude art bothers the alcohol board , it 's not a problem for some other branches of Alabama government .
The Alabama Tourism Department distributes a tourism brochure with a cover featuring Hiram Powers ' 19th century nude statue , The Greek Slave , which is on display at the Westervelt Warner Museum of American Art in Tuscaloosa .
It is available in museums statewide , interstate highway welcome centers and visitors ' bureaus statewide .
" We have n't had any concerns about it , " Tourism Director Lee Sentell said .
And Alabama 's Capitol has historic paintings on display , including two that show several topless female Indians .
Guardagno , who studies social influences , said people allow more freedom of expression in art than in advertising .
" With art , you have to be really explicit with how a person 's body is displayed before people are offended , " she said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Black Site in Lithuania ?
CIA Accused of Third Torture Prison in Europe
As Americans continue to debate the torture era of the Bush administration , a new report has emerged about the alleged existence of a third secret prison used by the CIA in Europe .
According to ABC News , the CIA operated a " black site " prison in Lithuania until the end of 2005 .
Taking the Party of No to new heights , Senator Jim DeMint ( R - SC ) , yesterday , during a conference call on health care reform :
If we 're able to stop Obama on this , it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him .
This perfectly encapsulates Republican thinking on health care reform ; forget that it's an issue of vital importance to the overwhelming majority of Americans , forget that there are millions going without medical care , forget that people are dying because they can't afford to see a doctor ... to Jim DeMint and his ilk , derailing health care reform will hurt the President politically .
And these are the same people that some Democrats are scrambling to placate in the interest of bipartisanship that does n't exist .
BILDER TEILEN
Ein Bild sagt mehr als tausend Worte : Importiere Deine besten Schnappschüsse , füge Passions und # Hashtags hinzu und sammle Komplimente im Handumdrehen .
Schau Dir die Bilder anderer Nutzer an und nimm gleich Kontakt auf .
‚LIKES ‘ TEILEN
Deine Freunde wissen sicher , was Du besonders magst .
Aber vielleicht willst Du Deinem Date ja einen kleinen
Wink geben ?
Lade einfach Bilder , Favoriten und Interessen aus Facebook und komme ins Gespräch .
ORTE TEILEN
Du kennst den besten Platz für einen malerischen Sonnenuntergang ?
Du kannst ein Restaurant empfehlen ?
Teile , wo Du Dich befindest und verabrede Dich mit Leuten in Deiner Umgebung auf einen Kaffee und mehr .
For starters , there are plenty of evolutionary biologists who believe that evolution , given long enough , was likely to create a smart , articulate species  not our species , complete with five fingers , armpits and all the rest  but some social species with roughly our level of intelligence and linguistic complexity .
And what about the chances of a species with a moral sense ?
Well , a moral sense seems to emerge when you take a smart , articulate species and throw in reciprocal altruism .
And evolution has proved creative enough to harness the logic of reciprocal altruism again and again .
Vampire bats share blood with one another , and dolphins swap favors , and so do monkeys .
Is it all that unlikely that , even if humans had been wiped out a few million years ago , eventually a species with reciprocal altruism would reach an intellectual and linguistic level at which reciprocal altruism fostered moral intuitions and moral discourse ?
There ’s already a good candidate for this role  the chimpanzee .
Chimps , some primatologists believe , have the rudiments of a sense of justice .
They sometimes seem to display moral indignation , “ complaining ” to other chimps that an ally has failed to fulfill the terms of a reciprocally altruistic relationship .
Even now , if chimps are gradually evolving toward greater intelligence , their evolutionary trajectory may be slowly converging on the same moral intuitions that human evolution long ago converged on .
If evolution does tend to eventually “ converge ” on certain moral intuitions , does that mean there were moral rules “ out there ” from the beginning , before humans became aware of them  that natural selection did n’t “ invent ” human moral intuitions so much as “ discover ” them ?
That would be good news for any believers who want to preserve as much of the spirit of C. S. Lewis as Darwinism permits .
Something like this has been suggested by the evolutionary psychologist Steven Pinker  who , as a contented atheist , ca n’t be accused of special pleading .
Mr. Pinker has noted how the interplay of evolved intuition and the dynamics of discourse tends to forge agreement on something like the golden rule  that you should treat people as you expect to be treated .
He compares this natural apprehension of a moral principle to the depth perception humans have thanks to the evolution of stereo vision .
Not all species ( not even all two - eyed species ) have stereo vision , Mr. Pinker says , but any species that has it is picking up on “ real facts about the universe ” that were true even before that species evolved  namely , the three - dimensional nature of reality and laws of optics .
23 % increase over the prior two weeks in the number of SKUs advertised with battery life .
( 34 to 42 SKUs ) 23 SKUs I observed advertised battery life or inference to it during the week of 8/10/09 , and 19 the week of 8/17/09 .
( See raw data at very end of blog . )
over the prior two weeks in the number of SKUs advertised with battery life .
( 34 to 42 SKUs ) 23 SKUs I observed advertised battery life or inference to it during the week of 8/10/09 , and 19 the week of 8/17/09 .
( See raw data at very end of blog . ) 2X increase in the number of ways battery life is being advertised .
Four different ways observed from weeks of 7/27 and 8/3 : “ up to X hours , Y minutes ” “ up to X hours ” ( no minutes ) “ X+ hours ” ( no “ up to ” ) “ X cell battery for longer performance ” ( adds concept of battery cell )
Five NEW ways battery life was described or inferred to the consumer weeks of 8/10 and 8/17 in addition to those listed above : “ up to X hours of battery life that will last in class all day ” ( adds idea of all day computing ) “ X cell battery ” ( no information on what this means ) “ X cell battery will give you up to X hours of battery life ” “ X cell Li-ion battery ” ( no battery life claim and introduces battery type )
Graphic with icons , small description , but no data .
in the number of ways battery life is being advertised .
Real - world battery tests that we 've conducted
It 's a topic we cover often because it 's near and dear to our hearts .
It 's battery life , and it 's finally starting to get the attention that is has long deserved in the industry .
We 've seen article after article point out that battery life claims on laptops are flawed in one way or another , and AMD 's own Pat Moorhead is stepping forward this week with some facts and figures to back that up .
For whatever reason , AMD has taken a strong , vocal stance against shoddy battery life claims .
They 've had it with PC manufacturers pumping out notebook after notebook with crazy claims , ones that they can't possibly deliver .
Take any laptop of your own , for example .
Has it ever fully lived up to the claims on the box ?
Have you ever considered returning it because it did n't ?
The answer to both questions is probably " no " considering that you know very well that any machine you received in return would have the same problem : lofty promises , lackluster delivery .
AMD has been calling for manufacturers to settle on a standardized testing process for battery life in order to give the public a better idea of exactly how long one machine will last compared to another .
As it stands , the consumer has no real idea how a PC maker tests battery life , and thus , they can't accurately compare one machine to another .
You can pretty much bet that a Gateway with five hours of claimed battery life and a Dell with five hours of claimed battery life will actually run out of gas at different points , even if they 're both tested the same way at home .
Moreover , the company has also pushed for a new way of displaying battery life .
Pat likens the " single battery life figure " you see on boxes to buying a car with only a city MPG figure ; the latter would never fly , so why does the former ?
Pat also took the time to really examine some of the newer back - to - school circulars floating about while paying particularly close attention to the verbiage used to describe battery life .
Below are his observations in full :
He points out that in all of his research , he still found just one single battery life figure being advertised , as if a computer drains similarly while watching a DVD or running a screensaver .
He also found that Apple notebooks " never list battery life , " though we will say that it 's easy to find that battery life figure on the company 's website , and considering that the are only sold in a few places , anywhere you go will present you with intelligent agents to fill you in .
Still , no listing at all on the box is ludicrous .
He closes things out by restating that a single battery life test is needed across the industry .
Getting PC makers to buy in , however , remains a tall task .
After all , each maker wants their machine to seem like the best , and by running their own tests under their own supervision , they can basically reach any conclusion they want .
What do you think of all this ?
Do you just automatically adjust whatever value you see down by 10 - 30 % to get a more realistic view ?
Do you agree that folks should be required to do that in order to get a solid grasp on battery life ?
I have 32 DD boobs and all the boys are turned on by them and i really like that , but i want them to touch them ?
Tagged as : Friends , Sex << Previous question Next question >>
Question - ( 12 April 2007 ) 18 Answers - ( Newest , 6 September 2010 )
English Fairy Tales
By Joseph Jacobs
Presented by
Auth o rama
Public Domain Books
Titty Mouse and Tatty Mouse
Titty Mouse and Tatty Mouse both lived in a house ,
Titty Mouse went a leasing and Tatty Mouse went a leasing ,
So they both went a leasing .
Titty Mouse leased an ear of corn , and Tatty Mouse leased an ear of corn ,
So they both leased an ear of corn .
Titty Mouse made a pudding , and Tatty Mouse made a pudding ,
So they both made a pudding .
And Tatty Mouse put her pudding into the pot to boil ,
But when Titty went to put hers in , the pot tumbled over , and scalded her to death .
Then Tatty sat down and wept ; then a three - legged stool said : “ Tatty , why do you weep ? ” “ Titty ’s dead , ” said Tatty , “ and so I weep ; ” “ then , " said the stool , “ I ’ll hop , ” so the stool hopped .
Then a broom in the corner of the room said , “ Stool , why do you hop ? " “ Oh ! ” said the stool , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , and so I hop ; " “ then , ” said the broom , “ I ’ll sweep , ” so the broom began to sweep .
“ Then , ” said the door , “ Broom , why do you sweep ? ” “ Oh ! ” said the broom , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , and the stool hops , and so I sweep ; " “ Then , ” said the door , “ I ’ll jar , ” so the door jarred .
“ Then , ” said the window , “ Door , why do you jar ? ” “ Oh ! ” said the door , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , and the stool hops , and the broom sweeps , and so I jar . ”
“ Then , ” said the window , “ I ’ll creak , ” so the window creaked .
Now there was an old form outside the house , and when the window creaked , the form said : “ Window , why do you creak ? ” “ Oh ! ” said the window , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , and the stool hops , and the broom sweeps , the door jars , and so I creak . ”
“ Then , ” said the old form , “ I ’ll run round the house ; ” then the old form ran round the house .
Now there was a fine large walnut - tree growing by the cottage , and the tree said to the form : “ Form , why do you run round the house ? ” “ Oh ! ” said the form , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , and the stool hops , and the broom sweeps , the door jars , and the window creaks , and so I run round the house . ”
“ Then , ” said the walnut - tree , “ I ’ll shed my leaves , ” so the walnut - tree shed all its beautiful green leaves .
Now there was a little bird perched on one of the boughs of the tree , and when all the leaves fell , it said : “ Walnut - tree , why do you shed your leaves ? ” “ Oh ! ” said the tree , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , the stool hops , and the broom sweeps , the door jars , and the window creaks , the old form runs round the house , and so I shed my leaves . ”
“ Then , ” said the little bird , “ I ’ll moult all my feathers , ” so he moulted all his pretty feathers .
Now there was a little girl walking below , carrying a jug of milk for her brothers and sisters ’ supper , and when she saw the poor little bird moult all its feathers , she said : “ Little bird , why do you moult all your feathers ? ”
“ Oh ! ” said the little bird , “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , the stool hops , and the broom sweeps , the door jars , and the window creaks , the old form runs round the house , the walnut - tree sheds its leaves , and so I moult all my feathers . ”
“ Then , ” said the little girl , “ I ’ll spill the milk , ” so she dropt the pitcher and spilt the milk .
Now there was an old man just by on the top of a ladder thatching a rick , and when he saw the little girl spill the milk , he said : “ Little girl , what do you mean by spilling the milk , your little brothers and sisters must go without their supper . ”
Then said the little girl : “ Titty ’s dead , and Tatty weeps , the stool hops , and the broom sweeps , the door jars , and the window creaks , the old form runs round the house , the walnut - tree sheds all its leaves , the little bird moults all its feathers , and so I spill the milk . ”
“ Oh ! ” said the old man , “ then I ’ll tumble off the ladder and break my neck , ” so he tumbled off the ladder and broke his neck ; and when the old man broke his neck , the great walnut - tree fell down with a crash , and upset the old form and house , and the house falling knocked the window out , and the window knocked the door down , and the door upset the broom , and the broom upset the stool , and poor little Tatty Mouse was buried beneath the ruins .
Continue ...
Those of you who loved Quake III Arena but prefer to run on Apple or Linux boxes will now finally get to take part in the Quake Live online browser game .
Unlike Quake III Arena , and most other PC games , Quake Live requires no manual install other than just accepting a browser plug - in .
Amazingly , nearly the complete experience is replicated right through the web browser .
Now Quake Live is playable on Macs through Safari ( id Software says that a bug in Firefox has the Mozilla browser unable to play Quake Live for now , but should be fixed shortly ) and Linux browsers .
For those of you already playing Quake Live on your Windows boxes , these are the other changes part of the new version :
Leaderboards are once again online .
Increased the maximum allowable size of a personal config file from 16 KB to 64KB .
Fixed an issue where players could lose their key binds after rebinding Mouse 1 .
Added Instagib CTF servers .
Check out Quake Live here .
But high - income people and some businesses would face new taxes .
In an analysis of the House bill , the Congressional Budget Office estimated that people without insurance would pay $ 29 billion in penalties over the next 10 years , while employers not offering insurance would pay penalties totaling $ 163 billion .
The Energy and Commerce Committee was unable to deliver a bill when the nation last tried to guarantee universal coverage , under President Bill Clinton , in 1994 .
Asked what was different this time , the current chairman , Representative Henry A. Waxman , Democrat of California , said : “ The leadership of President Obama .
He made it a very strong , clear priority .
He had a mandate from the American people to pass legislation that would provide every American with affordable coverage . ”
Moreover , Mr. Waxman said : “ The issue is a lot more severe than it was in the 1990s .
Fewer stakeholders  doctors , patients , hospitals or insurance companies  want the present system to continue .
It will bankrupt the country . ”
House Democratic leaders said the health care bill would be on the floor in September , after they meld versions approved by three committees .
The Senate will be in session next week , but the Finance Committee chairman confirmed Thursday that his panel was not ready to take up the issue .
Action by House committees gives Mr. Obama a fragile political victory .
But it fell far short of his original goal , which called for both houses of Congress to approve the legislation before the August recess .
The Energy and Commerce Committee voted , 47 to 11 , to establish a procedure for federal approval of generic versions of expensive biotechnology drugs .
Representative Anna G. Eshoo , Democrat of California , said this change could save the government $ 9 billion over 10 years .
Democrats on the Energy and Commerce Committee cleared the way for approval of their bill by adopting a package of amendments bridging differences among liberal , moderate and conservative members of the party .
The internet is still being spammed with emails trying to claim that Barack Obama is not a natural born citizen and therefore ineligible to be President .
I think that the reason so many people are starting to buy in this is a reflection in the total disappointment many people who supported Obama are feeling as he fails everyone of his campaign promises and seems intent on being Bush - light .
Currently Obama 's polls are in Bush country !
Currently , there are two new birth certificates in play , both claiming to prove that Obama was born in Kenya .
Click for full size image
The above is already acknowledged to be a fake , mostly because genuine birth certificates from the colony of Kenya included the baby 's footprint on them .
The latest " proof " is the following birth certificate .
Click for full size image
The above purports to be a 1964 certified copy of the original 1961 birth certificate .
Whether Kenya would spend the resources to recopy all the British birth certificates is open to doubt , but there are two other aspects of this certificate which call its authenticity into doubt .
Let us take a closer look at the document .
Click for full size image
Note that the document number is given as 47,044 .
Obama is a 47 year old chief executive and 44th president of the United States .
A rather amazing coincidence .
But the really damning part of the document is this .
The location of birth is given as Mombasa .
But Mombasa was part of the state of Zanzibar until December of 1963 .
This certificate is dated February 1964 and carries the name " Republic of Kenya " , Kenya did not formally declare itself a Republic until December of 1964 .
EF Lavender ( the name given as Registrar ) is a laundry detergent .
The certificate uses the label " Christian name " in a nation that is predominantly Muslim .
There were no " provinces " in Kenya until 1970 .
Prior to that they were called " Districts " .
Obama 's father would have been either 24 or maybe 25 when Obama was born .
The certificate gives his age as 26 .
BREAKING !
ORIGINAL TEMPLATE DOCUMENT FOR THE FAKE IS FOUND !
Click for larger image
The above is a certified copy of birth registration from Australia !
This appears to be the same document as used for the purported Kenyan Birth Certificate , and while British colonies might be expected to use identical forms , Kenya was independent in 1964 and not likely to be using British regulatory paperwork .
Obama is a rather amazing man to have so many birth certificates !
Click for larger image
The hoaxers have claimed that this certificate provided by the Obama campaign is a fake , but have yet to produce any evidence to back that claim up .
Their approach , straight out of the Napoleonic code , is to make continual accusations and demand that the accused prove their innocence .
They hope that simply by repeating a claim often enough , useful idiots will come to believe it .
But here in the United States , we follow the principle that the ACCUSER must prove the accused guilty , beyond a reasonable doubt .
What that means is that when the Swift - Boaters accuse Barack Obama of fraud , it is they who are required to provide proof beyond a reasonable doubt .
Otherwise , we as citizens are obligated to ignore such baseless accusations , and certainly refuse to forward them along to everyone in our mailing lists ( as these spammed emails always insist we must do ) .
There is more evidence that backs up the Birth Certificate .
Hawaii has two major newspapers , the Honolulu Advertiser and the Star Bulletin .
BOTH newspapers include birth announcements , and pages found in the archives of BOTH newspapers record the August 4th , 1961 birth of Barack Obama .
The Honolulu Advertiser The Star Bulletin Now , McCain 's ( Rove 's ) useful idiots will scream that these are also fakes ; that they are part of this grand conspiracy by Obama 's parents to smuggle a newborn baby from Kenya into Honolulu to obtain a birth certificate and birth announcements .
But what is lacking in their story is MOTIVE .
It 's not like Obama 's parents knew back then that Barack would go into politics , and needed to be " Natural Born . "
Why bother with such a deception , which includes a very risky flight half way around the world with a newborn baby .
Finally , the Swift - Boaters hoisted with their own petard with a story carried by World Net Daily , that included the claim " WND has learned that Hawaii 's Gov. Linda Lingle has placed the candidate 's birth certificate under seal and instructed the state 's Department of Health to make sure no one in the press obtains access to the original document under any circumstances . "
This prompted the following statement from the office of Governor Lingle .
Aloha ,
Thank you for emailing Governor Linda Lingle 's office .
A recent article in WorldNetDaily.com ( October 26 , 2008 ) claiming that Hawai‘i Governor Linda Lingle sealed Sen. Barack Obama 's birth certificate is false .
Under Hawai‘i's state law ( Hawai ‘i Revised Statutes § 338 -18 ) , copies of vital records may only be released to those who have a tangible relationship to the person whose record is being sought .
Neither the Governor 's office , nor any other office in the State of Hawai'i , can provide information concerning birth certificates , or produce birth certificates , to anyone except those who are listed in the law governing vital statistics records .
Vital statistics records , such as birth certificates , are protected by strict confidentiality requirements .
Specifically , pursuant to section 338 - 18 , Hawai‘i Revised Statutes ( HRS ) , the Department of Health , which maintains these records , may not allow the inspection of a birth certificate , or issue a certified copy of a birth certificate , or disclose any information contained in a birth certificate , unless it is satisfied that the applicant has a direct and tangible interest in the record :
(a) To protect the integrity of vital statistics records , to ensure their proper use , and to ensure the efficient and proper administration of the vital statistics system , it shall be unlawful for any person to permit inspection of , or to disclose information contained in vital statistics records , or to copy or issue a copy of all or part of any such record , except as authorized by this part or by rules adopted by the department of health .
( b) The department shall not permit inspection of public health statistics records , or issue a certified copy of any such record or part thereof , unless it is satisfied that the applicant has a direct and tangible interest in the record .
The following persons shall be considered to have a direct and tangible interest in a public health statistics record : ( 1 ) The registrant ; ( 2 ) The spouse of the registrant ; ( 3 ) A parent of the registrant ; ( 4 ) A descendant of the registrant ; ( 5 ) A person having a common ancestor with the registrant ; ( 6 ) A legal guardian of the registrant ; ( 7 ) A person or agency acting on behalf of the registrant ; ( 8 ) A personal representative of the registrant 's estate ; ( 9 ) A person whose right to inspect or obtain a certified copy of the record is established by an order of a court of competent jurisdiction ; ( 10 ) Adoptive parents who have filed a petition for adoption and who need to determine the death of one or more of the prospective adopted child 's natural or legal parents ; ( 11 ) A person who needs to determine the marital status of a former spouse in order to determine the payment of alimony ; ( 12 ) A person who needs to determine the death of a nonrelated co-owner of property purchased under a joint tenancy agreement ; and ( 13 ) A person who needs a death certificate for the determination of payments under a credit insurance policy .
You can find the complete statute at http://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/hrscurrent/Vol06_Ch0321-0344/HRS0338/HRS_0338-0018.htm
Mahalo , Office of Governor Lingle Governor Lingle 's office then followed up with ...
" The state registrar of the Department of Health 's vital statistics record office can verify Sen. Barack Obama 's birth certificate . "
It should be pointed out that contrary to the claims made in some of the spammed emails , Governor Linda Lingle is a REPUBLICAN , not a Democrat .
It is difficult to imagine Lingle protecting Obama to the detriment of her own party 's candidate .
There is , in short , no evidence to support these allegations , and ample evidence to cast doubt on their veracity .
If there were anything to this claim that Obama is not legally entitled to be President , do n't you think Hillary would have used it to win the nomination , or John McCain to win the election , of Joe Biden even now to become President ?
So , why all the fuss ?
Well , for one thing the government and the corporate media are desperate to wreck the credibility of the blogs and alternative media .
Therefore , this birth certificate story appears to be is a propaganda operation intended to lure unsuspecting blogs and radio hosts into committing to it , only to have Obama then produce whatever correct documents will prove him a natural - born US citizen .
The Kenya birth certificates will be admitted as fakes by their creators , and the corporate media will have a field day bashing the blogs and radio shows that fell for the hoax .
The ultraviolet light used in tanning beds is as carcinogenic as asbestos , arsenic , radium and cigarettes , a special committee of the World Health Organization 's International Agency for Research on Cancer has concluded .
The use of sunlamps had previously been classified only as " probably carcinogenic in humans . "
Moreover , the committee concluded that all types of UV radiation induce cancer , not just the UV - B that has been implicated in the past .
Some tanning salons claim to use only UV - A , which was thought to be safer , but the committee said that is not the case .
The committee of 20 scientists from nine countries met in June and reviewed more than 20 studies in humans , as well as animal studies .
They reported online in the journal Lancet Oncology that the risk of skin cancer increases 75 % when people start using tanning beds before age 30 .
They also found that all types of ultraviolet radiation caused tumors , not just UV-B .
UV radiation produces a specific mutation in DNA in skin cells , converting a cytidine base to thymidine , thereby triggering the cancer process .
The studies show that this transformation occurs no matter what type of UV radiation is employed .
Previous studies have shown that younger people who use tanning beds regularly are eight times as likely to get melanoma as those who do not .
Melanoma is also becoming increasingly prevalent in young people , whereas at one time it was observed mostly in those over age 75 .
The American Cancer Society urges young people to use bronzing creams rather than tanning beds .
-- Thomas H. Maugh II
Photo credit : Los Angeles Times
Meet Paul Stanley .
He ’s a Republican state senator in Tennessee who teaches Sunday school , loudly opposes allowing gay couples to adopt and is a firm opponent of sex outside of marriage — except his own .
Poor Stanley , 47 , ended up having to go to the police and admit having sex with his 22 - year - old intern after her boyfriend clumsily tried to blackmail him with pictures and video of Stanley and the intern in flagrante delicto .
Unlike Sen. John Ensign ’s claims of blackmail , the police have taken this one seriously and charged the schlub of a boyfriend .
People who bought a PS3 recently might be feeling kind of burned by Sony , as they just missed the opportunity to get the compact PS3 Slim .
As a result , it 's understandable that some might be feeling buyers ' remorse and are looking to return their recent purchases in order to wait for the better deal .
Rumors have surfaced that Best Buy is offering a free game to anyone looking to do this , presumably in order to keep the older ones from being returned to store shelves .
The picture above is from an anonymous tipster who contacted Joystiq ; apparently Best Buy sent out an internal memo to employees explaining that they should offer a free copy of either inFamous , Killzone 2 , or MLB 09 to anyone trying to return a recently - purchased PS3 in order to take advantage of the PS3 Slim 's reduced pricetag .
According to Joystiq , " the memo also states that there is no official " street date " for the system , so it could be out on the shelf already . "
According to Kotaku , this rumor has been confirmed by numerous Best Buy employees at different stores .
At the moment , the 80 GB PS3 is going for the same amount as the 120 GB PS3 , so it 's certainly understandable that gamers would want to exchange the former for the latter due to the larger hard drive and smaller size .
Whether or not a free game will be enough to convince them to keep the unit remains to be seen , but at least Best Buy is offering some great titles to choose from .
Some signs at the zoo feature biblical references Tourism boards have been urged to stop promoting a North Somerset zoo which presents creationist ideas .
The British Humanist Association ( BHA ) says Noah 's Ark Zoo Farm undermines the teaching of science .
Signs at the zoo in Wraxhall describe how the " three great people groups " could be descended from the three sons of Bible ark builder Noah .
A spokeswoman for the zoo said they viewed the natural world as a product of both God and evolution .
Another sign at the zoo says animals hunt and kill food because " man rebelled against God " .
They ask you to pray for animals
Paul Pettinger from the BHA
The zoo's website also explicitly rejects Darwinism , describing it as " flawed " , and claims scientists are afraid to talk about " design " in the natural world .
BHA education officer Paul Pettinger visited the zoo at the end of July .
He said : " I found lots of creationist and pseudo - scientific beliefs .
" They ask you to pray for animals , and so on .
" We 're very concerned because it will undermine education and the teaching of science . "
The BHA is calling on tourism boards to stop promoting the zoo .
But Noah 's
Ark 's owner Anthony Bush says his zoo simply presents a variety of views , one of which is creationist .
' Thought police '
Many creationists take a literal interpretation of the Bible 's description of the origin of life and reject the Darwinian concept of evolution .
" I think God created life .
I have no idea when , " said the former Evangelical preacher .
" There 's a lot of people who believe in Genesis who do n't want to come out of the woodwork , but they do n't want to come out of the closet because of the thought police . "
A spokeswoman for the zoo said : " We hold a view that the natural world around us is the product of both God and evolution .
" Although technically creationists , we do not hold the stereotypical creationist views that the world was created in 6,000 years and there is no evolution . "
Tourism body Visit England has said it only checks the zoo under its Visitor Quality Assurance Scheme and has no opinion on content .
The zoo is visited by 120,000 people every year , including members of school parties .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) - Thousands of Americans who thought they had a secret Swiss bank account will have their names and account details given to the U.S. Internal Revenue Services under an agreement announced Wednesday among U.S. and Swiss authorities and the Swiss bank UBS .
The IRS said Americans would no longer be able to evade taxes so easily by hiding their assets in offshore accounts .
The agreement comes as U.S. tax authorities conduct a criminal investigation into Americans who used Swiss bank accounts at UBS AG UBS , +1.40 % ( UBSN ) to avoid paying U.S. taxes .
The settlement follows demands from the U.S. authorities that the bank hand over details on more than 50,000 customers .
According to the settlement , U.S. tax authorities will gain access to 4,450 accounts of Americans who have accounts with UBS , and will drop a lawsuit against UBS in federal court demanding the names .
However , the agency expects to have access to hundreds of additional accounts through other agreements .
An IRS official said the total number of names disclosed could be in the " high 5,000s . "
" Wealthy Americans who have hidden their money offshore will find themselves in a jam , " said IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman .
" You can expect us to continue to be aggressive with institutions that are helping Americans avoid taxes . "
U.S. authorities are building criminal tax - evasion cases against more than 150 Americans who held accounts with UBS .
He added that the accounts considered as part of the settlement held over $ 18 billion at one point .
“ ' The days of hiding an asset overseas are days that clearly are eroding . ' ” — Douglas Shulman , IRS commissioner
UBS will hand over the 4,450 names and accounts to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration , which will then hand those over to the IRS .
The Swiss regulator will decide which accounts should be disclosed to U.S. tax authorities .
A U.S. citizen can choose to appeal the case in a Swiss administrative court .
The UBS clients are expected to receive notices in the mail in the next few weeks .
It could take months for the information to come to the IRS , an agency official said .
However , Shulman pointed out that the settlement represented a major improvement in the U.S. government 's ability to gain access to information about U.S. tax avoiders .
" We started the negotiations at a point when the Swiss government took the position that we could not get access to the information , so we felt we needed to go through a U.S. court process to proceed , " Shulman said .
" About a month ago that posture changed .
The Swiss government came to us and said they wanted to negotiate .
Now , the Swiss government has said they have every reason to believe we will get access to these accounts . "
Anthony Sabino , professor of law and business at St. John 's University in New York , said the agreement represents a " new era in international law enforcement , " because for the first time the Swiss government is willing to bend their " ultra - secret " bank secrecy laws .
" If the Swiss government cooperates on UBS , it will cooperate on other Swiss banks , " Sabino said .
" The pressure has been building against the damn for years , and now you 're going to see a flood of information coming out .
It is a signal that as capital moves with light speed over national borders , tax agencies and other governmental authorities will not be far behind . "
UBS Chairman Kaspar Villiger said in a statement that the settlement helps resolve one of the Swiss bank 's most pressing issues .
" I am confident that the agreement will allow the bank to continue moving forward to rebuild its reputation through solid performance and client service , " he said .
Hand over the information -- voluntarily
Shulman pointed out that U.S. citizens have until Sept. 23 to voluntarily disclose their tax - avoidance or face " stiffer civil or possible criminal " charges .
He added that U.S. citizens with hidden UBS accounts can still voluntarily disclose their account information to U.S. tax authorities before the deadline even if they previously received a notice from the Swiss bank .
He added that bank notices will be sent out in stages and many letters may not be received by account holders until after the Sept. 23 voluntary deadline .
" The IRS will receive a significant portion of the account information after the Sept. 23 cutoff , " Shulman said .
The accounts have a variety of holdings including precious metals and other securities .
Some are off - shore " sham trust accounts , " Shulman said .
St. John 's University 's Sabino pointed out that the voluntary program gives the tax - avoiders amnesty if they agree to a program to pay the back taxes they owe the U.S. government .
However , if the tax - avoiders do not voluntarily disclose the information they can face jail time .
" If you do n't come clean , the IRS wo n't be interested in just money , though they 'll take that , " Sabino said .
" They 'll be interested in criminal prosecution . "
He added that U.S. citizens with undeclared UBS accounts will be " burning up the phone lines " with their expensive tax and white collar crime attorneys .
" If they can figure out some sort of payment scheme with the IRS they 'll do that rather than face the possibility of going to jail , " Sabino said .
Shahzad Malik , a tax attorney at TroyGould in Los Angeles , said he believes many U.S. residents will start coming forward on their own .
" This is simply unprecedented for an apparent turn - over in names by a Swiss bank , " Malik said .
" We may see a massive number of U.S. people who will now come forward voluntarily and negotiate a deal before the IRS locates them . "
UBS has already handed over details on about 250 customers and paid fines of $ 780 million .
But it has also been facing a further demand from tax authorities that it provide details on 52,000 other U.S. clients who may have been involved in tax evasion .
More banks identified
Shulman said he would not divulge whether the IRS has other investigations open , but the agency is receiving a lot of leads from the agency disclosure program .
" The days of hiding an asset overseas are days that clearly are eroding , " Shulman said .
As well as the investigations over UBS , wealthy American citizens who have come forward under a tax - evasion amnesty program have identified other Swiss and European banks where their accounts are held , The Wall Street Journal reported .
Among the banks named in the voluntary disclosures are Credit Suisse Group CS , +1.52 % ( CSGN ) , Julius Baer Holding ( BAER ) and Union Bancaire Privee , the report said .
The disclosures are n't a signal of wrongdoing -- merely that a U.S. citizen keeps money at these banks -- and also do n't indicate that other banks mirrored UBS ' activities , including creating complex structures to help clients evade taxes , the Journal reported .
In Russia Harry Potter is popular too , in fact it was way too popular so some book publishing companies came up with their Harry Potter clones , trying to make it sound close to original even in naming the characters , so the most two popular ones were ( and still are ) the Porry Gatter with its first book “ Porry Gatter and the Stoned Philosopher ” – you can see it ’s cover above , and the girlish series “ Tanya Grotter ” – like if Harry Potter was a girl ( on the photo below ) .
Each series got a few sequels and got appreciated greatly by the readers .
Then in order not to miss the buzz the Russian computer game producers came up with video games devoted to the stoned professor and Tanya Grotter , the first one was called “ Tany Grotter and the Disappearing Floor ” – for sure that disappearing floor was an evil trick of the Stoned Professor .
Currently those books and games are legally available only in Russian speaking countries because in outer world they are targeted by JK Rowling and not available in translations .
Once the Dutch publishers were trying to sell them but had to get it down after Time Warner claims on plagiarism .
In total there are more than twenty books of Harry Potter origin involving Hogwarts and its heroes , which could be such a nice present for Harry Potter western fans but probably would be never read / played by them .
In Russia some fans do n’t divide those three story lines and mix it all up in their own Harry - Tanya Stoned World , rolling out cool parties devoted to all this stuff .
So one of such parties is below , some of them can be really nightmarish .
here they were the photos from one of such parties , but were removed due to some requests .
( CNN ) -- Democrat Al Franken said Tuesday evening he is " thrilled and humbled " the Minnesota Supreme Court ruled him the winner of a contentious Senate race that played out in court over several months .
Minnesota 's Supreme Court ruled Democrat Al Franken the winner in the state 's U.S. Senate race .
" We are so thrilled we can finally celebrate this victory and I 'm so excited to finally be able to get to work for the people of Minnesota , " Franken said at a press conference .
" We have a lot of work to do in Washington , but that 's why I signed up for the job in the first place . "
The court 's unanimous , unsigned opinion declared Franken -- a long - time Democrat , former " Saturday Night Live " comedian and satirist -- " received the highest number of votes legally cast " and is entitled " to receive the certificate of election as United States senator from the state of Minnesota . "
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Secretary of State Mark Ritchie signed the election certificate Tuesday evening .
The document and a cover letter will be shipped to Washington overnight and hand - delivered to the Senate on Wednesday , the governor 's office said .
" I would like to thank Sen. Coleman for his service .
As state solicitor general , mayor of St. Paul and United States senator , he has been an extraordinary leader and public servant for Minnesota , " Pawlenty said .
" I also want to congratulate Al Franken and wish him well as he serves the people of Minnesota . "
Watch Coleman respond to the state Supreme Court ruling »
" I want the people of Minnesota to know that I 'm ready to work for all of you , that I 'm committed to being a voice for all Minnesotans in the U.S. Senate , " Franken said Tuesday .
Watch more of Franken 's victory speech »
Earlier in the day , former Sen. Norm Coleman , a Republican , gave up his challenge .
" I just congratulated Al Franken on his victory , " Coleman said in a press conference with reporters .
" I told him it 's the best job he 'll ever have -- representing Minnesota in the United States Senate .
The Supreme Court has spoken , I will respect its decision , and abide by its results , " Coleman also said .
Franken said he talked to Coleman and " we agreed that it is time to bring the state together . "
Carol Kornak of Minneapolis , Minnesota , supported Coleman and said she 's " happy it 's over . "
" Let 's just get on with business here .
...
It took a long time for this to happen .
Part of his term is over before he even takes office , " Kornak said .
And in a statement from the White House , President Obama said he looks forward to working with Franken " to build a new foundation for growth and prosperity . "
The ruling brings an end to months of challenges by Coleman .
Franken will become the 60th member of the Senate Democratic caucus , a move that gives the party a filibuster - proof majority in the chamber , at least on paper .
Franken supporter , Barb Farrell , said the victory ends what she deemed " ridiculous " court proceedings .
" I 'm just thrilled that its over .
... Thank God it 's over .
We 've been the laughing stock of the country . "
Franken is expected to be sworn in after the Senate returns from the July 4 break .
But the senator - elect tempered talk of an automatic filibuster - proof majority , saying not all Democrats will vote in lock - step with the majority .
" The way I see it , I 'm not going to Washington to be the 60th Democratic senator , " he said .
" I 'm going to Washington to be the second senator from the state of Minnesota . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said in a statement that Franken will play a " crucial role " handling issues before Congress , including health care , climate change and Judge Sonia Sotomayor 's Supreme Court confirmation hearings .
Franken declared victory in the disputed race after a recount ended in January .
Coleman , who was seeking a second six - year term , went to court to challenge those results .
Coleman led Franken on election night by a margin of 206 votes out of more than 2.9 million cast .
The margin was narrow enough to trigger a recount .
That process ended in January with Franken leading by 312 votes .
Since winning the initial recount , Franken made a handful of visits to Washington and met with Reid to discuss Senate business , according to Franken aides .
He also began hiring staff for his Senate office .
The burden all along was on Coleman to prove he was wronged .
He appeared several times on local and national programs to try to make that argument .
He was also a regular fixture during the seven weeks of open court , often sitting at the table with his team of counselors and at other times sitting in the gallery with press .
In April , Franken said he was confident he would eventually be certified , and urged Coleman not to appeal and to " let me get to work as soon as possible . "
" The campaign for this Senate seat has been long and expensive , " he said in April .
" The fight ahead , the fight to rebuild our economy and broken health care system and to restore our standing in the world , that 's a fight we must win .
It 's a fight we must win by setting aside partisan gamesmanship and working together . "
CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report
All About Al Franken • Norm Coleman
Centuries - old partnership binds China , Iran together /
For more than a decade , Beijing helped give Tehran a head start in its nuclear program
Chinese Prime Minister
Wen Jiabao answers questions during a press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , unseen , in the Chancellory in Berlin , Thursday , Sept. 14 , 2006 .
Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao on Thursday reiterated his opposition to imposing sanctions against Iran , saying a solution to the standoff over Tehran 's nuclear program could still be reached through peaceful efforts .
In background is an image of the German federal eagle .
( AP Photo / Franka Bruns ) less Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao answers questions during a press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , unseen , in the Chancellory in Berlin , Thursday , Sept. 14 , 2006 .
Chinese Prime Minister Wen ... more Photo : FRANKA BRUNS Photo : FRANKA BRUNS Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Centuries - old partnership binds China , Iran together /
For more than a decade , Beijing helped give Tehran a head start in its nuclear program 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
2006-09-18 04:00:00 PDT
Beijing -- With Iran 's nuclear enrichment program at the center of high - stakes multinational negotiations , China is in the awkward position of passing judgment in the U.N. Security Council on the very technology it helped the Islamic republic accumulate .
For more than a decade , starting in 1984 , China aided Iran with its fledgling nuclear program .
Although Beijing no longer is providing such assistance , Tehran 's weapons program would be far less sophisticated had it not received significant Chinese help .
That assistance included training Iranian scientists , helping to build facilities , and direct military aid and hardware sales , according to the Nuclear Threat Initiative , a Washington - based research group .
China also supplied Iran 's first nuclear reactor in 1991 , in addition to hardware and support .
" Between 1985 and 1997 , China was Iran 's most important nuclear partner , " said John Garver , associate at Georgia Institute of Technology 's China Research Center and author of " China and Iran : Ancient Partners in a Post - Imperial World . "
In 1997 , after years of intense criticism from the United States and others , China pledged to end its nuclear assistance .
Since then , there has been no direct evidence otherwise .
But to some experts , China is working to help Iran -- with which it has significant oil deals -- in more subtle ways .
" Tehran 's intransigence in this standoff has been made possible in part by its strategic partnership with Beijing .
Since the start of international negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program some three years ago , China has worked actively to dilute the effectiveness of any global response .
It has done so initially through its vociferous opposition to Iran 's referral to the United Nations Security Council , and more recently by its resistance to the imposition of multilateral sanctions against Tehran , " Ilan Berman , vice president for policy of the American Foreign Policy Council , said in testimony last week before the U.S. - China Economic and Security Review Commission , which advises Congress on matters concerning China .
As the Bush administration has led the drive to rein in Iran 's nuclear ambitions by pushing for Security Council sanctions , China has strived to mollify its top trading partner , the United States .
But at the same time , the Beijing government is pushing for more talks and fewer threats of sanctions against its longer - term ally and closer political confederate , Iran .
If push comes to shove , analysts say , it 's difficult to tell which side China would ultimately choose .
Some contend that China will do its best to ensure it does n't have to choose , while also continuing its cautious route of bolstering economic ties to buffer Iran against potential U.S. - led economic sanctions .
" The Chinese will work very hard to make it look like they are not choosing ( the ) U.S. over Tehran , but they will also have to not appear obstructionist , " said Adam Segal , senior fellow for China studies with the Council on Foreign Relations in New York .
The situation , said Segal , is markedly similar in many ways to China 's current position in the North Korean weapons imbroglio .
As Beijing consistently calls for more negotiations and publicly condemns its longtime Asian ally , it shies away from the U.S. - led push for tough sanctions .
At a European Union summit last weekend , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said his country is unlikely to support sanctions against Iran .
" To mount pressure or impose sanctions will not necessarily bring about a peaceful solution , " Wen said .
" China helps to move things along , but does not make the difficult choices that could resolve the crisis , " Segal said of the Iranian and North Korean nuclear standoffs .
Indeed , China 's mantra throughout the recent escalation with Iran has been a call for more talking .
" We have consistently stood for the resolution of the Iranian nuclear issue through negotiation and dialogue , " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said in Beijing earlier this month .
In its opposition to U.N. sanctions on Tehran , China has echoed the stance of Russia , Iran 's more forthright ally .
Both China and Russia are permanent , veto - wielding members of the Security Council , both have important trade ties with Iran , and both chafe at being pressured to follow U.S. policy initiatives .
In the past five years , China and Iran have significantly deepened and expanded their economic ties .
That two - way trade totaled $ 6 billion in the first half of 2006 , more than double the annual trade just five years ago .
China , a burgeoning economic superpower whose 10.9 percent growth last year made it the world 's fourth - largest economy , has an unceasing appetite for energy .
In part thanks to major deals reached in the past three years , Iran now supplies 11 to 13 percent of China 's oil , according to government and analyst estimates .
China committed $ 3 billion this year to help increase yields from Iran 's oil fields -- an important investment , noted Jephraim Gundzik , president of Condor Advisers , which specializes in emerging - markets research .
" Beijing is essentially helping Tehran to lessen the impact of sanctions by increasing the country 's domestic fuel production , " said Gundzik .
Yet the relationship is not only about oil , and it stretches back centuries .
Both nations are proud , ancient non-Western civilizations that " deeply resent perceived contemporary Western presumptions of superiority , " said Garver , the Georgia Tech scholar .
The two see each other as kindred spirits in an era of rapid global Westernization .
In 2001 , Chinese President Hu Jintao , then the vice president , made an official state visit to Tehran marking 30 years of diplomatic relations .
Hu lobbied for more trade between the two nations and harkened back to their ancient ties .
That theme -- of two countries doing business over the centuries as part of the ancient Silk Road trade route -- has often been repeated in state - run media in China over the ensuing years .
" Mega - Chinese investment in Iran is a strong demonstration of trust between Iran and China , but the relationship between the two is much deeper , " said Gundzik .
" In geopolitical terms , neither country wants the U.S. to become the dominant power in the Middle East .
" Iran does n't want to be controlled by Washington , and China does not want its energy supply controlled by the U.S.
As a result , the two countries are working together to thwart the U.S. "
What keeps Iran and China tied , and tilts the balance at the United Nations as negotiators seek a solution , may be a simple distaste for U.S. world dominance .
As Garver put it , " Neither likes the fact that the United States is a sole global superpower . "
