The American economy expanded more slowly than expected from April to June , the government reported Thursday , while numbers for the last three months of 2007 were revised downward to show a contraction  the first official slide backward since the last recession in 2001 .
Economists construed the tepid growth in the second quarter , combined with a surge in claims for unemployment benefits , as a clear indication that the economy remains mired in the weeds of a downturn .
Many said the data increased the likelihood that a recession began late last year .
The next major piece of data comes Friday , when the government is to release its monthly snapshot of the job market .
Analysts expect the report to show a loss of 75,000 jobs , signifying the seventh straight month of declines .
“ We already knew the economy was weak , and now you have both a negative growth number coupled with job losses , ” said Dean Baker , a director of the liberal Center for Economic and Policy Research .
“ There ’s a lot of real bad times to come . ”
READER COMMENTS ON
" Video : Jane Mayer on Terror Politics And War Crimes after 9/11 "
( 16 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 7/19/2008 @ 5:51 pm PT ...
Ah yes Phillip Zelikow .
The bastard who wrote a book with Condi Rice prior to her GW Bush years of criminal service .
He helped White al - Qaeda perpetuate their biggest lie .
Phillip Zelikow was Bush 's silent gate keeper of information and an author of the 400 page fairy tale know as the the 9 - 11 Commission Report .
Of the many errors and ommission you can read about in Dr. Ray Griffin 's book Debunking 9 - 11 , nothing exemplifies Zelikow 's work more boldly than keeping out the INCONVIENENT TRUTH that 3 WTT Towers experienced a global collapse that day not 2 .
By not including the 47 story , 6.5 second steel concret building collapse of WTT Building # 7 that was not hit by a plane and fell 7 hours after the Twin Towers , the official story is missing the most outstanding evidence of who was really responsible for the war games that occurred that day .
Most the physical evidence that was n't pulverized into dust by the explosives was shredded steel .
Most the shredded steel was immediately removed and shipped overseas in a 24 hour around the clock operation by a controlled demolition company .
The only other official investigation known as the NIST Report , answers to the Commerce Department that again in turn answers to Bush .
These people who denied the outstanding evidence of molten steel and steel beams although many accounts were noted , claim 3 small fires caused WTT Building # 7 to uniformly implode into itself .
In other words these fires accomplished what only a handful of skilled controlled demolition experts could do .
Phillip Zelakow needs to burn with the rest of the lying criminal neo-con murderers and their accomplices at the HAIG Tribunal for war crimes .
It should also be noted that trace characterists of military high tech super thermate has been positively identified and peer reviewed in 9 - 11 dust samples at all 3 WTT 9 - 11 collapse sites .
NO ARABS REQUIRED .
www.ae911truth.org
Accredited architects and engineers are encouraged to look at the outstanding information compiled by Richard Gage and links to Professor Steven Jones papers on super thermate findings .
Then they can sign a petition demanding a new independent investigation as to how these steel concrete building were demolished .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... FOIA / PA said on 7/20/2008 @ 4:32 am PT ...
If ( when ) Addington is charged with war crimes , his partner in crime John D. Negroponte is not far behind .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 7/20/2008 @ 6:28 am PT ...
In total agreement with Grizzly .
I tried watching this live when it aired on CSPAN however could not finish doing so because I got sick of hearing people that should know better ( Jane Meyer , Clemmons ) basically keep perpetuating the myth of the " Official Conspiracy Theory " .
If these people would simply accept the FACT that 9/11 was an inside job then everything they said in this interview would have been completely different and there would have been no laughing and no condoning what these Treasonous war criminals have done .
Mayer was WAY too conciliatory towards Bush and this whole administration of fascist war pigs .
All she did was lift a tiny corner of the massive political burka barely exposing even the little corrupt toe of these bastards .
ONLY 9/11 truth exposing the facts about 9/11 will ever bring these treasonous criminals to justice .
Over 3 years ago 36 % of the US population knew that 9/11 was inside job , today it has to be closer to 45 + % and still growing .
This is in spite of not only a total media blackout but also a huge propaganda campaign where the media denigrates and demonizes everyone that even mentions the subject .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/20/2008 @ 11:54 am PT ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... michelle l. said on 7/20/2008 @ 2:03 pm PT ...
Addington 's obstinate and defiant behavior in the congressional questioning session showed his lack of humility or respect for the law , and for the people of the United States who pay him well and provide him with salary , travel , and health care .
That he 's bedazzled Cheney with his authoritarian - styled intellectualism and righteous attitude is n't surprising .
Was n't Cheney a dropout and draft dodger ?
And , so now he 's taken his humble place as Madman Addington 's marionette ?
It would be interesting to know whether and how long " 911 " was planned , whether computers were used , which consultants were employed , whether private industry was tipped , and how many military / CIA active or retired members were involved in the strategies .
One Georgia fabrics company ( Riverside ) coincidentally registered a security guard uniforms company on September 11 , 2001 .
The owner has for decades been involved in fabrics , with connections to Ireland and was a long time director with Southern Company 's group of energy and nuclear power companies in the South .
Southern Company came under scrutiny when one of their executives became a whistleblower just before perishing in a plane crash .
Several suspicious , untimely deaths followed .
( Greg Palast wrote about it . )
There have been more recent plane crashes - one carrying Georgia Republicans which should raise questions , and have n't , just as the Strategum killings should n't have been shoved under the carpet so soon .
With surely long - term gubernatorial election plans and in an obvious " takeover scheme " for the South , shortly before 911 , a Bush announcement was made regarding U.S. Attorneys , among them including Steve Pence , who became the Western District of Kentucky 's US Attorney ; and Leura Canary , who became US Attorney for Middle Alabama .
Leura Canary went on to politically prosecute and imprison Alabama 's former Governor Don Siegelman .
And Steve Pence rode into the capitol of Kentucky on now former Republican Governor Ernie Fletcher 's coat tails , becoming the first Republican Lt. Governor in many years .
Fletcher was later indicted and pardoned more than a dozen members of his cabinet and some officers and fellow investors in the Republican party of Kentucky .
It appears they walked away from convictions of illegal political scandals and politically motivated firings and appointments : nearly , " scot free , " just as Karl Rove and Addington and others will do , instead becoming enriched by the sensational crimes and controversies they have created .
Unfortunately , rewarding high crimes and white collar criminals with pardons , fame , and high - dollar speaking engagements has become " The American Way . "
Kentucky still struggles with " Bluegrass Conspiracy " rumors , in which Adnan Khashoggi is mentioned as having been involved in forming a training camp in central Kentucky , known as " the Triad . "
( " The Bluegrass Conspiracy , " Sally Denton ) " 911 " appears to be a Reichstag situation , with similar motives , but would have to have been planned years in advance with " NORTHWOODS " type , top secret authorities .
It will be interesting to see whether investigative journalists and concerned Americans can uncover the truth .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Grizzly Bear Dancer said on 7/20/2008 @ 4:53 pm PT ...
The biggest concern by the people I mentioned in the previous post of why they would risk their careers and their life to dispell the fabrication of 9 - 11 is not 1 of notority and definetely not fame .
These people think that without making their best effort to expose the truth about how those buildings collapsed , the criminals in our government who have achieved an across the board victory and successfully cast the blames onto someone else will do another 9 - 11 .
They can and will strike again with more military false flag war games of terror in another US city .
This repeat could in turn be used to justify more wars , more terror , more right of citizens removed , and the increase of authoritative power granted to the Federal government or in particular the Executive branch to turn the US into a police state .
As patriotic Americans who love our country , they cannot live in good conscience by going on their business knowing that the Arab hijacked plane story as the cause of responsibility for taking out the 3 WTT buildings is a complete outright lie .
This is only a few examples of many other serious problems with the Bush government story parroted by the US coporate mass media about the events that occurred on 9-11 - 2001 .
Speaking of re-claiming , had to reclaim a run on sentence .
Bradbog rules !
Thanks for being here .
The extent of the corrupt responsible to perpetuate the lie so quickly , so loudly , and the depth of their control of the US media as a tool to cover up the truth about these demolitions and the events of 9 - 11 in general must also be examined in order to someday be reclaim this monopoly on the US media back to the American people .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Ronald Doda Jr. said on 7/20/2008 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
When they repaired the Y2 K problem at the stock exchange they installed a program that currently controls the stock market .
They knew there would be a black swan 1987 like event on September 11th , and they put Bush 's security in the building , and blamed the drop in the market on 9/11 .
The amount of options that were sold were because the black swan event was predicted to be that day and people knew about it , top economists mainly bernanke and his men .
If 9/11 did n't happen the black swan stock market collapse would have , they shut down the market for a week , the source code for the market was updated and hidden in a stock symbol that floats by every day in front of our faces , DJIA , and now with oil going up you hear CNBC not be able to explain the market , because its not a market it a computer program .
No panic leading up to Y2 K allowed them to show the global elite that it worked and Bin Laden 's men knew about it , drew us into Iraq on the promise that Bin Laden would not tell about the Y2 K code .
We pull the plug before the election , case closed on our country until Ronald Doda Jr comes along and stumbles upon a computer geeks blog that records what they are saying while they play the game , talking about lavasoft , then I realize that these people were given a power nobody believed they could .
They know when a black swan 1987 stock market crash is going to happen , and they need to plan geo-political events around them because if they do not the market wo n't go up and people wo n't be richer .
Money talks , and they knew the stock market was going down that day , and used it to their advantage .
9/11 , Y2K Stockmarket ... That is your answer .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ronald Doda Jr. said on 7/20/2008 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
Oh , and funny thing ' the triad ' was exactly what those gamers were talking about in their video game blog .
I think it is a duke nukem company that makes it .
Good place to start researching .
Lavasoft , i believe made the triad video game .
Good luck .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 7/21/2008 @ 2:06 am PT ...
I liked Web Tarpley 's remark - " if a bunch of Arabs armed with pocket knives REALLY tried to take over an aircraft , the passengers would beat them to death with their luggage ! "
Also , no - one makes much of the fact that 757's are equipped with facilities to take over the aircraft and fly it by remote control from the ground .
This was an " Anti-Hijack " measure !
It could also explain why the airplanes flew all around Robin Hood 's barn before zeroing in on the twin towers , and almost making their appointment in time , only missing by the eight second gap between the first explosion and the aircraft impact , as witnessed by the seismographic record .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 7/21/2008 @ 2:00 pm PT ...
ya got links to that # 9 tedeger ?
Some of this is so " out there " to me .
I do n't know what to believe .
I certainly do wonder what went on that day ... shw
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 7/21/2008 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
Shannon , I do n't know about tedeger 's stuff , but I made a post with the links to some good information .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 7/21/2008 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
99 , yes that was good and I have been naked as a jay bird for over 6 + years now .
Shannon :
Here is some info on remote control in 757's and the seismic record .
The seismic record is questionable as to its validity however the FACT that several witnesses heard a HUGE explosion and were seriously injured by them is irrefutable evidence that indeed a huge explosion happened in the basement BEFORE any plane hit the building .
http://www.oilempire.us/remote.html
http://911research.com/e.../demolition/seismic.html
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuq0ANHxvlM
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 7/21/2008 @ 5:43 pm PT ...
Thanks so much for posting this interview , Jon .
Mayer 's someone I 've admired for quite some time now .
Listening to her here makes me want to go back and reread her related work up until this point .
Her work is going to be a critical part of the prosecutions I hope we are all witness to in the future .
For some reason , the interview here got stopped around where they were talking about Gonzales being a worm .
I had to go to youtube to listen to the rest .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... michelle l. said on 7/21/2008 @ 6:37 pm PT ...
It would be nice to track Jack Abramoff 's life from his meddling in Apartheid , South Africa , on through Iran Contra ; his courting the Far Right Christian Coalition , and robbing and deceiving Native Americans in " casino lobbying . "
Among his political comrades are , Norquist , Rove , Reed , and others who 've been laying low but BIT HIS MONEY BAIT .
Why is MSM and the US Government protecting these guys ?
Why wo n't they just tell the stories of what these good ole boys were really " up to ? "
Because they want to let Abramoff out of prison soon ?
So what 's the deal ?
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... jjandi said on 7/23/2008 @ 11:44 pm PT ...
Lets not forget John Poindexter who was in the Nixon administration who made the comment , " Maybe we aught to have a lotery to see who can predict when the next terror attack will be " .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Tusk said on 7/24/2008 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
We 've all had moments when our hearts are pounding like a Jamaican barrel drum and our palms are clammy ; when our nerves are fraying at moments when we need to be sharp and strategic to save ourselves .
Evolution , however , has given us an intricate brain designed to detect dangers that confronted our forebearers millennia ago : the snarl of a saber tooth tiger , say , or the crack of lightning on the veldt .
Our brains are n't made to deal with the equally vicious snap of a boss on a rampage , or the sudden realization that you 've been called on to give an impromptu presentation to a zillion - dollar client in front of the executive board of the company .
Deep in the tunnel of a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( f.M.R.I. ) machine at Stanford University , my brain is being scanned as it relives one of the most anxious moments in my career .
It happened years ago , when I was a junior correspondent for Life magazine discussing one of my first major stories , a possible cover , in a staff meeting .
As I was being scanned in the f.M.R.I. , researchers flashed a series of short statements on a monitor that recounted my recollection of that event .
I can read the snippets inside the machine .
In the staff meeting , colleagues had been saying I 'd done a great job on the story , when the managing editor blurted out that another reporter would write it and get the credit .
The suddenness of this put - down felt like an ancient lightning bolt flashing close enough to singe me .
I could n't believe it .
Life , like its sister magazine Time , used to routinely have one journalist report a story and another write it , but this had become rare .
As the meeting continued , I felt my heart racing and my gut contracting .
I felt ashamed , and I 'm sure my face was red .
I knew I should say something to this editor who did look remarkably like a saber tooth with glasses , though without the fangs .
I needed to stick up for myself , but my most overriding desire was to flee .
Scientists have long been fascinated by this reaction to episodes of social stress , particularly for those with social phobias that have reactions so extreme they become debilitated .
Until recently , the neural mechanisms of anxiety were n't well understood ; nor was it clear how our brains cope with trying to mitigate its affects .
That is , how we learn to use our remarkably adaptive brains to respond in a manner more appropriate to the 21st century .
Inserting people 's brains into an f.M.R.I. — which reads blood flows in our gray matter that indicate activity in certain neural regions — has offered some intriguing clues .
My head was recently scanned by clinical psychologist Philippe Goldin , a researcher in the lab of James Gross , director of the Stanford Psychophysiology Laboratory .
Goldin and his team are studying 30 " healthy controls " and about 60 social phobics in an effort to plot the pathways of anxiety — and , more important , how people are able to damp down their impulses to fight or flee .
On the monitor , the story of my mortification is interrupted by a single line of words in bold :
I AM A LOSER
I read more of my story , then this line pops up :
I 'M TOO INSECURE TO STAND UP FOR MYSELF
Two primary regions of the brain show increased blood flow in the scanner — to use the vernacular , they " light up " — in response to an anxious or frightening situation .
One is the amygdala , which is associated with emotions ; the other is the hypothalamus , which gets you ready to take action by increasing your heart rate , respiration , and sweating .
With my amygdala and hypothalamus blazing , Goldin and his colleague Kelly Werner introduced the second part of the experiment :
They asked me to try to modulate my anxiety , to use coping mechanisms to settle myself down , if I can .
I 'm supposed to be a " healthy control " for this experiment , but I 'm fully aware that up to 10 percent of supposedly healthy volunteers in f.M.R.I. studies turn out to have behavioral problems that show up on the scans .
Since anxiety runs in my mother 's family , and I used to get very anxious when I was younger , I secretly wonder :
Will I turn out to have issues I 've tried to bury deep in my amygdala or some other recess of my brain ?
I do what Goldin has asked : I tell myself in the scanner that I 'm not a loser ; that I do stand up for myself .
In fact , back in the managing editor 's office , I did speak up , telling him I 'd worked hard on that story and deserved to write it .
I also suggested that next time he tell me first before announcing it to the staff .
The editor responded by looking me over like he'd never noticed me before .
He said I was right , he should have come to me first , and that I was ready to write the story .
But changing his mind did n't change his decision —
I 'd get a reporting byline , but the other guy would write it .
" Next time , though , the byline will be yours , " he said .
I kept my cool long enough to casually walk out of his office .
Then I ran to the men's room , and nearly threw up .
This episode is a key moment for me in learning to push down my anxiety to the point that it bothers me far less today — though it took years of similar episodes .
My struggle to overcome anxiety is exactly what Goldin and Werner are measuring in the f.M.R.I .
They can actually see the pathways lighting up from the frontal lobe — the seat of rational thinking , and where we make decisions — essentially telling the amygdala to settle down .
" The amazing thing is that the brain can make changes , " says Goldin .
" Most of this happens in the amygdala , and it can be tempered to learn and adapt . "
My results did show adaptation in action .
When I read my story and saw the lines about being a loser , my brain grew anxious .
But I was able to modulate its reaction — to tell my amygdala to chill out .
I was relieved , although given that anxiety still lurks in the back of my mind in certain circumstances , I do n't entirely believe that I 'm always able to damp it down .
I did n't participate in the rest of the Gross lab 's experiment , in which researchers trained healthy and unhealthy subjects in three ways — traditional psychotherapy , meditation , and exercise — to see if they can learn to modulate their anxiety .
The experiment continues as the subjects are scanned to see how their brains respond and hopefully adapt to the therapies .
This experiment will be described in greater detail in the upcoming book : Experimental Man : What One Man's Body Reveals About His Future , Your Health , and Our Toxic World , due out in March 2009 .
Cats love to play in cardboard boxes , and you wo n't find a cardboard box more fun than this one .
Providing hours of entertainment for you and your cat , our cardboard tank complete with moving turret and cannon comes flat - packed with simple assembly instructions .
Back by popular demand , designed by the crazy cats at SUCK UK
Lincoln Futura
In 1955 , the Lincoln division of Ford Motor Company designed and built a futuristic concept car called the Lincoln Futura .
It was built entirely by hand in Turin , Italy at a cost of $ 250,000 , and like many concept cars , was never put in to production .
In the mid 1960's , George Barris of Barris Kustom City acquired the car for $ 1 directly from Ford .
Armin Heinrich has released an app on the iTunes App Store called App Store ] .
The $ 999.99 application displays a red icon on your iPhone and iPod touch to remind others that you were able to afford it .
As the developer notes , " it 's a work of art with no hidden function at all . "
Update : I Am Rich has been removed from the App Store .
— A large number of women diagnosed with breast cancer are 40 - years - old or older , but that does n’t mean the disease ca n’t strike earlier .
Actress Christina Applegate , 36 , recently announced she is being treated for early stage breast cancer .
Her case is not considered to be life - threatening .
Applegate did n’t wait until she was 40 to begin breast cancer screenings because she had a family history of breast cancer .
Her mother is a two - time breast cancer survivor and has also had cervical cancer .
Only 5 to 10 percent of breast cancer cases are inherited , which means a person have a specific gene abnormality that is passed down through the family .
People who are considered at risk have one or more first degree relatives ( i.e. mom or sister , each ) with breast cancer , especially ones diagnosed before the age of 50 .
Experts recommend women have mammograms every year starting at age 40 .
Women younger than 40 who are at a higher risk for breast cancer should talk with a health care provider about when to start mammograms and how often to have them , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Some factors that place women at an increased risk for this type of cancer are :
Family history
Long - term use of hormone therapy to treat menopause
Breast changes on biopsy – some abnormal cells can increase the risk of a woman developing breast cancer .
Women who have had two or more biopsies on their breast for other benign conditions are also at an increased risk
Certain genetic alterations
Reproductive / menstrual history – Women who had their first child after age 30 or who have never had a child can be an increased risk .
Women who started their periods before age 12 or went through menopause after turning 55 are also at an increased risk .
Radiation therapy patients – Women who have had the treatment to the chest before age 30 .
Breast density – Older women whose mammograms show more dense tissue are at an increased risk .
Taking the drug Diethylstillbestrol ( DES ) – Pregnant women who took the drug between 1940 and 1971 are at an increased risk .
It is no longer given to pregnant women .
Being overweight or obese
Being physically inactive
Alcohol usage – Some studies suggest the risk of breast cancer increases with the amount of alcohol a woman drinks .
Breast cancer that develops in young women tends to be more aggressive and less responsive to treatment than cancers in older women , according to Duke researchers .
The National Comprehensive Cancer Network supports more aggressive screening for those that may inherit breast cancer .
The group suggests monthly self exams starting at age 18 and semi-annual clinical exams , annual mammograms and breast MRIs starting at age 25 .
Mammograms are not the only method of breast cancer screening .
Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) scans and breast ultrasounds are also sometimes used in addition to mammograms , according to the American Cancer Society .
Trials of women with a high genetic risk of breast cancer have shown that MRI scans are more sensitive than mammograms for finding breast tumors , according to the National Cancer Institute .
Doctors sometimes doctor may recommend genetic testing , which comes only after risk and psychological testing .
If a person is considered to be at risk for hereditary breast cancer , the National Comprehensive Cancer Network recommends more aggressive screening :
If more aggressive screening discovers the presence of breast cancer , patients may be candidates for a prophylactic mastectomy .
The use of torture by the US Government in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in New York on September 11 , 2001 has come under increasing criticism .
In 1863 at the height of the US civil war , president Abraham Lincoln set the principles for interrogation of prisoners with a famous instruction " military necessity does not admit of cruelty " .
It took the September 11 attacks to change those principles and Vice - President Dick Cheney said the US would now have to work through the dark side .
In response , government lawyers drew up the so - called torture memos that would ultimately unleash the abuses at Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib and at a host of secret CIA " black sites " .
In his new book , lawyer Philippe Sands argues that the responsible officials , and the lawyers who advised them , should be charged with war crimes .
Popular TV drama ' 24 ' regularly show terror suspects being tortured so the hero can save the day but does this reflect a new tolerance of torture tactics in the United States ?
At the US - run Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq there was little heroism on display among those who humiliated and tortured Iraqi prisoners .
The US Government blamed rogue soldiers but its own top officials had made it plain that US standards dramatically changed following the September 11 terror attacks .
" We also have to work the the dark side if you will .
We 've got to spend time in the shadows of the intelligence world , " said Mr Cheney shortly after the New York attacks in 2001 .
" A lot of what needs to be done here will have to be done quietly , without any discussion , using sources and methods that are available to our intelligence agencies if we 're going to be successful . "
The former director of the CIA Counterterrorist Centre , Cofer Black , echoed Mr Cheney 's words .
" All you need to know is that there was a before 9/11 and there was an after 9/11 .
After 9/11 the gloves come off , " he said .
As a result , terror suspects held by the US endured what US officials termed " aggressive coercion " .
Former US Navy General Counsel Alberto Mora describes some some of the interrogation techniques .
" [ Guantanamo Bay detainee ]
Al - Qahtani was interrogated for and I 'm illustrating now , not the exact , something like 48 out of 52 days , often for stretches exceeding 12 to 14 or even 16 hours a day , " he said .
" He was kept in cold rooms such that he was shivering uncontrollably , his heart rate would drop ; he was provided fluids intravenously without the opportunity to go to the bathroom .
He was sexually humiliated by female US guards and other treatments of this sort . "
In December 2002 then US defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld signed a now infamous memo which justified these new methods .
The memo detailed a variety of enhanced interrogation techniques such as leaving people standing for up to four hours .
Mr Rumsfeld wrote at the bottom " I stand for 8 - 10 hours a day .
Why is standing limited to four hours ? " .
The US Justice Department declared treatment only amounted to torture if it intentionally resulted in pain equivalent to serious injury , organ failure or death .
Some are now questioning whether the officials who authorised these techniques may be open to being charged with war crimes .
Based on a report by Margot O'Neill for Lateline
Editor 's note : Glenn Beck is on CNN Headline News nightly at 7 and 9 ET and also hosts a conservative national radio talk show .
Glenn
Beck says we should take time to celebrate what 's right with America
NEW YORK ( CNN ) --
A few days before the Fourth of July , I read a column in The Philadelphia Inquirer that said America did n't deserve to celebrate its independence this year .
It claimed that all of our so - called atrocities have shamed the memory of our founding fathers and , as a result , we should cancel our parades , put away our fireworks and all sit quietly while we atone for our sins .
I guess that was one way to go .
Another way to go would be to fire up the grills , bring the kids to the beach , and gather the family on a blanket to watch as your tax dollars ignite into colorful bursts .
I 'm guessing that most of us chose the second option .
But just because I had fun with friends and family does n't mean that I believe America is perfect .
It just means that , for one day , I chose to celebrate the fact that America is still closer to perfect than any other country in the history of the world .
For 364 days a year we talk about high gas prices , crooked politicians , and how much people from one political party allegedly hate everyone from the other .
But for 24 hours we get to put it all aside and marvel at how a few brave men risked their lives to stand up for what they believed in .
Of course , I would prefer we celebrate that every day , but for now , or at least until that Inquirer columnist gets elected president and bans it , I 'll take the one .
As someone who works in the media in New York City , I 'll admit that I am part of the chorus of people who talk about our problems .
But there 's nothing wrong with that , so long as you also occasionally take the time to talk about the other side .
And that 's what I want to do now by asking the question that never seems to be of interest to the mainstream media :
What 's right with America ?
Let 's start with our much maligned economy .
I 'm not trying to sugarcoat it , times are definitely tough for an awful lot of families right now .
But you know what ?
We 've made it through a depression ; we 've made it through wars , oil shocks , and major terrorist attacks and we 're still standing .
In fact , we 're not just standing , we 're towering over the rest of the world .
Our economy is almost as big as the next four largest economies on Earth ( Japan , Germany , China and Great Britain ) combined .
The state of California alone has an economy as large as the entire country of France .
Illinois has the same GDP as all of Mexico .
New York matches the entire GDP of Brazil .
Florida 's economy is as large as South Korea's .
Texas has a GDP roughly equal to Canada's .
Michigan 's economy is as large as the entire country of Argentina .
It takes a lot longer to turn around an aircraft carrier than it does a dinghy , but the problem we have is with our ship 's captain -- the pea-brains in Washington -- not her crew .
What 's right with America ?
How about the way we educate our children .
Sure , I complain a lot about left - wing professors and how some wealthy private universities hoard their billions while charging obscene amounts for tuition , but the truth is that our universities are always ranked among the best in the world .
Students are n't fleeing America to go to college in Japan , India , or China -- it 's the other way around .
We open our colleges and universities to more than 80,000 foreign professors , scholars and educators a year and we have more students in college right now than those three countries combined .
What 's right with America ?
Our world - class universities do n't require you to have an elite family name or Rockefeller - type wealth to get in .
We do n't care about your race , gender or nationality .
You just have to be smart enough and work hard for it .
What a concept , huh ?
What 's right with America ?
How about the way we treat the less fortunate ?
With no help from our government , Americans gave a record $ 306 billion to charities last year alone .
We give twice as much as the next closest country and , relative to the size of our economies , we give 1,000 percent more than the French .
What 's right with America ?
It 's not just the wealthy who are generous .
Two - thirds of American families making under $ 100,000 a year give to charity .
Compassion is ingrained in our culture like no other .
What 's right with America ?
How about our supposedly third - world health care system ?
We spend more on health care per person than Switzerland , Germany , Canada , or any other country you can think of .
Do we still have problems ?
Absolutely , but do n't fall for " the grass is greener " crowd ; every country has health care problems .
What 's right with America ?
We love our country .
World Values Survey found that 77 percent of Americans are very proud of their nationality .
That puts us in a first place tie with the Irish .
Australia was next and no one else was really even close .
I could go on and on , but my point is that we do n't need the so often wished for " change " in this country , we just need perspective .
While most of us inherently know that we 've won the lottery by living here , we do n't often think about the reasons why .
So , for at least that one day , let 's just remember that America still leads the world in the principles that matter most :
The rule of law , freedom of religion , equal rights , freedom from an oppressive government and , fortunately for the Philadelphia Inquirer , freedom of speech .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer
All About Arctic National Wildlife Refuge • Oil Prices • Oil Production and Refining
Mr. Gelber noted that the national library in Jerusalem contained papers of such major Jewish personalities as Einstein and Martin Buber , and so it would be a natural home for Kafka ’s as well .
This is far from a universal view , however .
To many , Kafka ’s novels and stories of existential despair written in German seem more consciously worldly than linked to any nationalist movement .
The claims on Kafka by German or other archives seem to them just as strong .
A new book , which coincides with the 125th anniversary of Kafka ’s birth , “ The Tremendous World I Have Inside My Head : Franz Kafka : A Biographical Essay ” by Louis Begley , argues that Kafka was deeply ambivalent about his Jewish identity , indeed about any collective identity .
“ I admire Zionism and am nauseated by it , ” Mr. Begley quotes from Kafka .
Also : “ What have I in common with Jews ?
I have hardly anything in common with myself , and should stand very quietly in a corner , content that I can breathe . ”
In response , there is a whole scholarly arsenal wielded by Mr. Gelber and others showing that Kafka learned Hebrew ( his exercise books with vocabulary still exist ) , took the Zionist project seriously and had even hoped to move here .
In 1949 , for example , Kafka ’s last lover , Dora Diamant , in whose arms he is said to have died a quarter century earlier , wrote to Mr. Brod saying Kafka ’s lifelong dream was “ to make aliya and come to Israel , ” using the Hebrew word for immigration to Israel .
Some here note that papers as precious as those belonging to Kafka and Mr. Brod may not be legally taken out of Israel without the national archives having a chance to register and make copies of them .
But Ofer Aderet , a reporter for the newspaper Haaretz who has written extensively on the Kafka papers , notes that many suspect that Esther Hoffe successfully evaded the law .
Now the question is how her daughters will act .
Hava Hoffe took care of her mother in the apartment for years and seems to be in charge of the issue .
She is not well loved by most of her neighbors because of the scores of cats she adopted over the decades , giving them free rein to the apartment and front yard .
Peter Hong at the LA Times asks :
Should you buy a home now ?
A few quotes and comments :
The main argument against buying a home now is that values are still spiraling downward .
Stay on the sidelines and you 'll be able to buy that dream home for a much lower price than now -- about 25 % less in Los Angeles County , predicts Celia Chen , director of housing economics for Moody 's Economy.com .
Chen bases that guess on several factors , including the high inventory of unsold homes and the gap between current prices and income .
Los Angeles economist Christopher Thornberg believes that home prices will stabilize when homes are affordable to about 25 % of the adult population .
For that to happen in Southern California , home prices would have to come down 20 % to 35 % from their current levels , Thornberg said .
" There 's no way in hell the house you buy now will be more expensive next year , " he said .
Margaret Smith , a Claremont financial planner and former university economist ... say [s ] that a home is almost always a smart investment , even if values do temporarily decline .
Smith and her husband , Gary Smith , a Pomona College economist , say buying is practically a sure bet when you would pay less for a monthly mortgage and other home costs than what it would cost to rent the home .
They call that monthly savings the " home dividend " and say it will offset a short - term decline in a home 's value .
The monthly rent savings not only is money in your pocket but also can be invested elsewhere .
We show how to estimate the fundamental value of a house and use unique rent and price data for matched single - family homes in ten metropolitan areas to illustrate this approach .
These data indicate that the current housing bubble is not , in fact , a bubble in most of these cities in that , under a variety of plausible assumptions , buying a house at current market prices still appears to be an attractive long - term investment .
In general this is probably correct .
In many of the bubble areas - like Los Angeles County - prices will probably continue to fall for some time .
The question of how much further prices will fall depends on several factors ( even in the bubble areas ) : homes at the low price end , in communities with high foreclosure rates and strong household growth , are probably closer to the price bottom than mid to high prices areas where foreclosures are just starting to increase .
In some of these low end areas , REOs are already selling at 60 % or more off the price peak , and in these few areas , it might actually be cheaper to buy than to rent .
Of course there are probably very few readers interested in buying in these areas , except possibly as a rental property investment .
In general , I agree with Dr. Thornberg - even in the few areas where prices are close to the eventual nominal bottom , there is no reason to expect that prices will increase over the next year .
Sounds good , but remember that the Smiths wrote a paper in 2006 called : Bubble , Bubble , Where ’s the Housing Bubble ? .
Here is an excerpt from that paper : House prices have declined about 30 % in Los Angeles since the Smiths ' paper was published .
Hong concludes with some sound advice :
Do n't buy expecting appreciation , and do n't buy if you are planning on moving soon .
The question " buy now or wait ? " depends on the circumstances and desires of the potential buyer - so there is no general answer .
In general , I expect house prices to continue to fall for some time , especially in real terms ( inflation adjusted ) , and especially in the bubble areas .
Historically , most significant housing price busts lasted 5 to 7 years from peak to trough , and with record inventory , tight lending standards , high price - to - rent , and high price - to - income ratios , I see no reason yet to expect that this price bust will be any shorter .
ASSOCIATED PRESS
This photo provided by the presidential campaign of Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , shows the future Democratic presidential hopeful on the beach with Stanley Armour Dunham , his grandfather on his mother 's side .
Isles shape Obama ’s racial identity
Attention focuses on " melting pot " culture and local experiences
>> Multiracial nation
By becoming the first black presidential candidate to secure the nomination of a major political party , Barack Obama is forcing many voters across the nation to question their views on race .
In Hawaii , the question is particularly pertinent : Census figures show one person in five reports being of more than one race .
With a black father from Kenya and a white mother from Kansas , Obama is described as multiracial , biracial or hapa .
" Calling him ' biracial ' as opposed to black is really beside the point because it 's estimated that between 75 percent and 90 percent of African Americans are also of European descent , " says Elisa Joy White , assistant professor of ethnic studies at the University of Hawaii at Manoa .
" Most African Americans , regardless of being racialized as black , are biracial or multiracial , " White said .
Roosevelt Freeman , office manager for state Rep. Colleen Meyer and a local Republican volunteer since 1996 , says Obama is getting attention in Hawaii just because he was born here .
" I think voters are just excited that he is from here .
I think if he were green and from here and was on the national stage , it would be the same , " said Freeman , who is black .
For others , the idea of Obama encompassing Hawaii 's diversity holds much of the attraction of the young Harvard - trained lawyer .
In a speech before the state Democratic convention last month , U.S. Rep. Neil Abercrombie , who was friends with Obama 's parents at UH , called Obama special .
" The result of this union brought us the first world citizen who can cross over not just this nation but across the world to bring the message of Hawaii , the message of aloha , of togetherness , openness , tolerance and diversity , " Abercrombie said .
White added in an e-mail interview that despite whatever " hapa street cred " Obama has in Hawaii , it does n't displace the prejudice blacks find here .
" Being of African descent is not valued in the same way that other ethnic backgrounds are valued here .
In spite of the many positive aspects of multiethnic , multiracial and multicultural interaction in Hawaii , we still have to realize ... that being black continues to be negatively perceived in Hawaii , " White said .
In a 1999 essay written for Punahou 's school alumni magazine , Obama recalls how his first perceptions of Hawaii as being " the world 's mythical melting pot " changed that by the time he graduated from Punahou , his consciousness of race was much sharper .
" As an African American teenager in a school with few African Americans , I probably questioned my identify a bit harder than most , " Obama wrote .
" As a kid from a broken home and family of relatively modest means , I nursed more resentments than my circumstances justified and did n't always channel those resentments in particularly constructive ways . "
Kathryn Waddell Takara , who designed UH's first black studies program and is black , adds that Obama still grew up in Hawaii , which gave him breathing room and perspective on being a black male in America .
" I think growing up outside of traditional America gave him a certain freedom and optimism .
...
Someone born on the mainland , particularly a male , would have had quite a different experience , " Takara said .
Obama today considers himself both black and " local , " to the point of telling a Hawaii voter during a mainland rally to " vote for the local guy . "
" It is evident that Obama considers himself to be black , prefers this description of his ethnicity , chose a wife who is black and established his career serving the black community of Chicago , " says Miles Jackson , a retired UH professor and author of a history of blacks in Hawaii .
" He appears to be comfortable with himself as a black person , " said Jackson , who is also the former dean of the UH library school .
Freeman , however , says Obama has been able to use his race to his advantage .
" He would not be historical if he were a Caucasian , he would just be the junior senator from Illinois , " Freeman said .
In the end , many wonder if Obama 's campaign will let America set aside the debate on race .
" Race has a very real impact on our lives , but it is not the fixed reality some would like to believe it is , " says White .
" If the reality of race starts to sink in , maybe we 'll be knowledgeable enough to start dealing with the absurdity of its social impact , " White said .
Jackson adds , " As long as people of African ancestry have been in this country and as long as they have been multiracial , you would think people in this country would have gotten used to it by now . "
I ’m not generally a political person , but one of my pet peeves is when people , either intentionally or unintentionally , draw conclusions from statistics that the numbers simply wo n’t support .
Lately the seeming obsession in the media with national polls in the U.S. presidential race has been driving me up a wall .
This poll says McCain is up by 10 points .
That poll says Obama is up by 1 point .
Apart from the obvious problem of wildly divergent results , what no one seems to realize is that national polls are absolutely meaningless in a U.S. presidential election .
That ’s because the president is elected by the Electoral College , not by national popular vote .
Each state is allotted a certain number of electoral votes , and who gets those votes is ( usually ) determined by who wins the popular vote within each state .
A national poll , while it may indicate who is ahead in the popular vote , provides absolutely no information at all as to the number of electoral votes a particular candidate is likely to receive .
The only way to get even remotely useful numbers is to poll state by state , determining who is ahead in each state and then assigning each state ’s alloted number of electoral votes accordingly .
That ’s what this site does .
Given how pervasive this stuff is and how easy it is to manipulate , I ’m beginning to think statistics should be a required course for everyone in school , or may just for freak - out - prone journalists .
Since 1839 , the world inventory of photographs has been accumulating at an accelerating pace , multiplying into a near infinitude of images , into a resemblance of a Borgesian library .
This haunting technology has been with us long enough now that we are able to look at a crowd scene , a busy street , say , in the late 19th century and know for certain that every single figure is dead .
Not only the young couple pausing by a park railing , but the child with a hoop and stick , the starchy nurse , the solemn baby upright in its carriage - their lives have run their course , and they are all gone .
And yet , frozen in sepia , they appear curiously , busily , oblivious of the fact that they must die - as Susan Sontag put it , " photographs state the innocence , the vulnerability of lives heading towards their own destruction ... "
" Photography , " she said , " is the inventory of mortality .
A touch of the finger now suffices to invest a moment with posthumous irony .
Photographs show people being so irrefutably there and at a specific age in their lives ; [ they ] group together people and things which a moment later have already disbanded , changed , continued along the course of their independent destinies . "
We are well used to reflections on individual mortality - it is the shaping force in the narrative of our existence .
It emerges in childhood as a baffling fact , re-emerges possibly in adolescence as a tragic reality which all around us appear to be denying , then perhaps fades in busy middle life , to return , say , in a sudden premonitory bout of insomnia .
One of the supreme secular meditations on death is Larkin 's " Aubade " :
...
The sure extinction that we travel to
And shall be lost in always .
Not to be here ,
Not to be anywhere ,
And soon ; nothing more terrible , nothing more true .
We confront our mortality in private conversations , in the familiar consolations of religion - " That vast moth - eaten musical brocade , " thought Larkin , " Created to pretend we never die . "
And we experience it as a creative tension , an enabling paradox in our literature and art : what is depicted , loved , or celebrated cannot last , and the work must try to outlive its creator .
Larkin , after all , is now dead .
Unless we are a determined , well - organised suicide , we cannot know the date of our demise , but we know the date must fall within a certain window of biological possibility which , as we age , must progressively narrow to its closing point .
Estimating the nature and timing of our collective demise , the end of civilisation , of the entire human project , is even less certain - it might happen in the next hundred years , or not happen in two thousand , or happen with imperceptible slowness , a whimper , not a bang .
But in the face of that unknowability , there has often flourished powerful certainty about the approaching end .
Throughout recorded history people have mesmerised themselves with stories which predict the date and manner of our wholescale destruction , often rendered meaningful by ideas of divine punishment and ultimate redemption ; the end of life on earth , the end or last days , end time , the apocalypse .
Many of these stories are highly specific accounts of the future and are devoutly believed .
Contemporary apocalyptic movements , Christian or Islamic , some violent , some not , all appear to share fantasies of a violent end , and they affect our politics profoundly .
The apocalyptic mind can be demonising - that is to say , there are other groups , other faiths , that it despises for worshipping false gods , and these believers of course will not be saved from the fires of hell .
And the apocalyptic mind tends to be totalitarian - which is to say that these are intact , all - encompassing ideas founded in longing and supernatural belief , immune to evidence or its lack , and well - protected against the implications of fresh data .
Consequently , moments of unintentional pathos , even comedy , arise - and perhaps something in our nature is revealed - as the future is constantly having to be rewritten , new anti-Christs , new Beasts , new Babylons , new Whores located , and the old appointments with doom and redemption quickly replaced by the next .
Not even a superficial student of the Christian apocalypse could afford to ignore the work of Norman Cohn .
His magisterial The Pursuit of the Millennium was published 50 years ago and has been in print ever since .
This is a study of a variety of end - time movements that swept through northern Europe between the 11th and 16th centuries .
These sects , generally inspired by the symbolism in the Book of Revelation , typically led by a charismatic prophet who emerged from among the artisan class or from the dispossessed , were seized by the notion of an impending end , to be followed by the establishing of the Kingdom of God on earth .
In preparation for this , it was believed necessary to slaughter Jews , priests and property owners .
Fanatical rabbles , tens of thousands strong , oppressed and often starving and homeless , roamed from town to town , full of wild hope and murderous intent .
The authorities , church and lay , would put down these bands with overwhelming violence .
A few years or a generation later , with a new leader , and a faintly different emphasis , a new group would rise up .
It is worth remembering that the impoverished mob that trailed behind the knights of the first crusades started their journey by killing Jews in the thousands in the Upper Rhine area .
These days , when Muslims of radical tendency pronounce their formulaic imprecations against " Jews and Cru- saders " , they would do well to remember that both Jewry and Islam were victims of the crusades .
Now , the slaughter has abated , but what strikes the reader of Cohn 's book are the common threads that run between medieval and contemporary apocalyptic thought .
First , and in general , the resilience of the end - time forecasts - time and again , for 500 years , the date is proclaimed , nothing happens , and no one feels discouraged from setting another date .
Second , the Book of Revelation spawned a literary tradition that kept alive in medieval Europe the fantasy , derived from the Judaic tradition , of divine election .
Christians , too , could now be the Chosen People , the saved or the Elect , and no amount of official repression could smother the appeal of this notion to the unprivileged as well as the unbalanced .
Third , there looms the figure of a mere man , apparently virtuous , risen to eminence , but in reality seductive and Satanic - he is the anti-Christ , and in the five centuries that Cohn surveys , the role is fulfilled by the Pope , just as it frequently is now .
Finally , there is the boundless adaptability , the undying appeal and fascination of the Book of Revelation itself , the central text of apocalyptic belief .
When Christopher Columbus arrived in the Americas , making landfall in the Bahaman islands , he believed he had found , and was fated to find , the Terrestrial Paradise promised in the Book of Revelation .
He believed himself to be implicated in God 's planning for the millennial kingdom on earth .
The scholar Daniel Wojcik ( in his brilliant account of apocalyptic thought in America , " The end of the world as we know it " ) quotes from Columbus 's record of his first journey : " God made me the messenger of the new heaven and the new earth of which he spoke in the Apocalypse of St John ... and he showed me the spot where to find it . "
Five centuries later , the United States , responsible for more than four - fifths of the world 's scientific research and still a land of plenty , can show the world an abundance of opinion polls concerning its religious convictions .
The litany will be familiar .
Ninety per cent of Americans say they have never doubted the existence of God and are certain they will be called to answer for their sins .
Fifty - three per cent are creationists who believe that the cosmos is 6,000 years old , 44 per cent are sure that Jesus will return to judge the living and the dead within the next 50 years .
Only 12 per cent believe that life on earth has evolved through natural selection without the intervention of supernatural agency .
In general , belief in end - time biblical prophecy , in a world purified by catastrophe and then redeemed and made entirely Christian and free of conflict by the return of Jesus in our lifetime , is stronger in the United States than anywhere on the planet and extends from marginal , ill - educated , economically deprived groups , to college - educated people in the millions , through to governing elites , to the very summits of power .
The social scientist JW Nelson notes that apocalyptic ideas " are as American as the hot dog " .
Wojcik reminds us of the ripple of anxiety that ran round the world in April 1984 when President Reagan expressed that he was greatly interested in the biblical prophecy of imminent Armageddon .
To the secular mind , the polling figures have a pleasantly shocking , titillating quality - one might think of them as a form of atheist 's pornography .
But perhaps we should enter a caveat before proceeding .
It might be worth retaining a degree of scepticism about these polling figures .
For a start , they vary enormously - one poll 's 90 per cent is another 's 53 per cent .
From the respondent 's point of view , what is to be gained by categorically denying the existence of God to a complete stranger with a clipboard ?
And those who tell pollsters they believe that the Bible is the literal word of God from which derive all proper moral precepts , are more likely to be thinking in general terms of love , compassion and forgiveness rather than of the slave - owning , ethnic cleansing , infanticide , and genocide urged at various times by the jealous God of the Old Testament .
Furthermore , the mind is capable of artful compartmentalisations ; in one moment , a man might confidently believe in predictions of Armageddon in his lifetime , and in the next , he might pick up the phone to inquire about a savings fund for his grandchildren 's college education or approve of long - term measures to slow global warming .
Or he might even vote Democrat , as do many Hispanic biblical literalists .
In Pennsylvania , Kansas and Ohio , the courts have issued ringing rejections of Intelligent Design , and voters have ejected creationists from school boards .
In the Dover case in 2005 , Judge John Jones III , a Bush appointee , handed down a judgment that was not only a scathing dismissal of the prospect of supernatural ideas imported into science classes , but was an elegant , stirring summary of the project of science in general , and of natural selection in particular , and a sturdy endorsement of the rationalist , Enlightenment values that underlie the Constitution .
Still the Book of Revelation , the final book of the Bible , and perhaps its most bizarre , certainly one of its most lurid , remains important in the United States , just as it once was in medieval Europe .
The book is also known as the Apocalypse - and we should be clear about the meaning of this word , which is derived from the Greek word for revelation .
Apocalypse , which has become synonymous with " catastrophe " , actually refers to the literary form in which an individual describes what has been revealed to him by a supernatural being .
There was a long Jewish tradition of prophecy , and there were hundreds , if not thousands of seers like John of Patmos between the second century BC and the first century AD .
Many other Christian apocalypses were deprived of canonical authority in the second century AD .
Revelation most likely survived because its author was confused with John , the Beloved Disciple .
It is interesting to speculate how different medieval European history , and indeed the history of religion in Europe and the United States , would have been if the Book of Revelation had also failed , as it nearly did , to be retained in the Bible we now know .
The scholarly consensus dates Revelation to AD95 or 96 .
Little is known of its author beyond the fact that he is certainly not the apostle John .
The occasion of writing appears to be the persecution of Christians under the Roman emperor Domitian .
Only a generation before , the Romans had sacked the Second Temple in Jerusalem and are , therefore , identified with the Babylonians who had destroyed the First Temple centuries earlier .
The general purpose quite likely was to give hope and consolation to the faithful in the certainty that their tribulations would end , that the Kingdom of God would prevail .
Ever since the influential 12th - century historian Joachim of Fiore , Revelation has been seen , within various traditions of gathering complexity and divergence , as an overview of human history whose last stage we are now in ; alternatively , and this is especially relevant to the postwar United States , as an account purely of those last days .
For centuries , within the Protestant tradition , the anti-Christ was identified with the Pope , or with the Catholic Church in general .
In recent decades , the honour has been bestowed on the Soviet Union , the European Union , or secularism and atheists .
For many millennial dispensationalists , international peacemakers , who risk delaying the final struggle by sowing concord among nations - the United Nations , along with the World Council of Churches - have been seen as Satanic forces .
The cast or contents of Revelation in its contemporary representations has all the colourful gaudiness of a children 's computer fantasy game - earthquakes and fires , thundering horses and their riders , angels blasting away on trumpets , magic vials , Jezebel , a red dragon and other mythical beasts , and a scarlet woman .
Another familiar aspect is the potency of numbers - seven each of seals , heads of beasts , candlesticks , stars , lamps , trumpets , angels and vials ; then four riders , four beasts with seven heads , ten horns , ten crowns , four and twenty elders , twelve tribes with twelve thousand members ... and finally , most resonantly , spawning 19 centuries of dark tomfoolery , " Here is wisdom .
Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast ; for it is the number of a man ; and his number is six hundred , three score and six . "
To many minds , 666 bristles with significance .
The internet is stuffed with tremulous speculation about supermarket barcodes , implanted chips , numerical codes for the names of world leaders .
However , the oldest known record of this famous verse , from the Oxyrhynchus site , gives the number as 616 , as does the Zurich Bible .
I have the impression that any number would do .
One senses in the arithmetic of prophecy the yearnings of a systematising mind , bereft of the experimental scientific underpinnings that were to give such human tendencies their rich expression many centuries later .
Astrology gives a similar impression of numerical obsession operating within a senseless void .
But Revelation has endured in an age of technology and scepticism .
Not many works of literature , not even the Odyssey of Homer , can boast such wide appeal over such an expanse of time .
One celebrated case of this rugged durability is that of William Miller , the 19th - century farmer who became a prophet and made a set of intricate calculations , based on a line in verse 14 of the Book of Daniel : " unto two thousand and three hundred days ; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed . "
Counting for various reasons this utterance to date from 457BC , and understanding one prophetic day to be the equivalent of a year , Miller came to the conclusion that the last of days would occur in 1843 .
Some of Miller 's followers refined the calculations further to October 22 .
After nothing happened on that day , the year was quickly revised to 1844 , to take into account the year zero .
The faithful Millerites gathered in their thousands to wait .
One may not share the beliefs , but it is quite possible to understand the mortifying disenchantment .
One eyewitness wrote :
[ We ] confidently expected to see Jesus Christ and all the holy angels with him ... and that our trials and sufferings with our earthly pilgrimage would close and we should be caught up to meet our coming Lord ... and thus we looked for our coming Lord until the bell tolled twelve at midnight .
The day had then passed and our disappointment became a certainty .
Our fondest hopes and expectations were blasted , and such a spirit of weeping came over us as I never experienced before .
It seemed that the loss of all our earthly friends could have been no comparison .
We wept , and wept , till the day dawned .
One means of dealing with the disillusionment was to give it a title - the Great Disappointment - duly capitalised .
More importantly , according to Kenneth Newport 's impressive account of the Waco siege , the very next day after the Disappointment , one Millerite leader in Port Gibson , New York , by the name of Hiram Edson had a vision as he walked along , a sudden revelation that " the cleansing of the sanctuary " referred to events not on earth , but in heaven .
Jesus had taken his place in the heavenly holy of holies .
The date had been right all along , it was simply the place they had got wrong .
This " masterstroke " , as Newport calls it , this " theological lifeline " removed the whole affair into a realm immune to disproof .
The Great Disappointment was explained , and many Millerites were drawn , with hope still strong in their hearts , into the beginnings of the Seventh Day Adventist movement - which was to become one of the most successful churches in the United States .
In passing , I note the connections between this church and the medieval sects that Cohn describes - the strong emphasis on the Book of Revelation , the looming proximity of the end , the strict division between the faithful remnant who keep the Sabbath , and those who join the ranks of the " fallen " , of the anti-Christ , identified with the Pope whose title , Vicarius Filii Dei ( vicar of the son of God ) apparently has a numerical value of 666 .
I mention Hiram Edson 's morning - after masterstroke to illustrate the adaptability and resilience of end - time thought .
For centuries now , it has regarded the end as " soon " - if not next week , then within a year or two .
The end has not come , and yet no one is discomfited for long .
New prophets , and soon , a new generation , set about the calculations , and always manage to find the end looming within their own lifetime .
The million sellers like Hal Lindsey predicted the end of the world all through the seventies , eighties and nineties - and today , business has never been better .
There is a hunger for this news , and perhaps we glimpse here something in our nature , something of our deeply held notions of time , and our own insignificance against the intimidating vastness of eternity , or the age of the universe - on the human scale there is little difference .
We have need of a plot , a narrative to shore up our irrelevance in the flow of things .
In The Sense of an Ending , Frank Kermode proposes that the enduring quality , the vitality of the Book of Revelation suggests a " consonance with our more naive requirements of fiction " .
We are born , as we will die , in the middle of things , in the " middest " .
To make sense of our span , we need what he calls " fictive concords with origins and ends .
' The End ' , in the grand sense , as we imagine it , will reflect our irreducibly intermediary expectations . "
What could grant us more meaning against the abyss of time than to identify our own personal demise with the purifying annihilation of all that is .
Kermode quotes with approval from Wallace Stevens - " the imagination is always at the end of an era " .
Even our notions of decadence contain the hopes of renewal ; the religious minded , as well as the most secular , looked on the transition to the year 2000 as inescapably significant , even if all the atheists did was to party a little harder .
It was inevitably a transition , the passing of an old age into the new - and who is to say now that Osama bin Laden did not disappoint , whether we mourned at the dawn of the new millennium with the bereaved among the ruins of lower Manhattan , or danced for joy , as some did , in the Gaza Strip .
Islamic eschatology from its very beginnings embraced the necessity of violently conquering the world and gathering up souls to the faith before the expected hour of judgment - a notion that has risen and fallen over the centuries , but in past decades has received new impetus from Islamist revivalist movements .
It is partly a mirror image of the Protestant Christian tradition ( a world made entirely Islamic , with Jesus as Mohammed 's lieutenant ) , partly a fantasy of the inevitable return of " sacred space " , the Caliphate , that includes most of Spain , parts of France , the entire Middle East , right up to the borders of China .
As with the Christian scheme , Islam foretells of the destruction or conversion of the Jews .
Prophecy belief in Judaism , the original source for both the Islamic and Christian eschatologies , is surprisingly weaker - perhaps a certain irony in the relationship between Jews and their god is unfriendly to end - time belief , but it lives on vigorously enough in the Lubavitch movement and various Israeli settler groups , and of course is centrally concerned with divine entitlement to disputed lands .
· Continues : Ian McEwan :
The day of judgment , part two
While a big , juicy steak may indeed be culinary nirvana for many , your taste for beef could be based in part on expectation rather than reality .
On the assumption that meat is associated with social power in some peoples ' minds , researchers rated study participants on what they call a Social Power Value Endorsement measure , to determine their preferences for meat and their cultural perceptions of it .
Participants were then told they would taste either a beef sausage roll or a vegetarian roll .
You can guess where this is headed .
Of course the researchers used one of the oldest tricks in the social scientist 's toolbox :
They lied .
Some participants got what they were told was coming , and others unknowingly ate the other type of roll .
Then they all filled out questionnaires about how they like the food .
" Participants who ate the vegetarian alternative did not rate the taste and aroma less favorably than those who ate the beef product , " the researchers report in August issue of the Journal of Consumer Research .
" Instead , what influenced taste evaluation was what they thought they had eaten and whether that food symbolized values that they personally supported . "
The study was done by Michael W. Allen at the University of Sydney , Richa Gupta from the University of Nashville , and Arnaud Monnier of the National Engineer School for Food Industries and Management , France .
A second test done with a popular , status - heavy soft drink and a dime - store brand yielded similar results .
Other studies have found such perceptual biases in our taste buds .
The color of orange juice , for example , influences what people say they taste , scientists found last year .
In a classic example of how we deceive ourselves , a study in 2004 found people preferred Coke and Pepsi in equal numbers in blind taste tests .
But when told that one of the cups they were drinking was Coke , these same people picked Coke as the more tasty one about 75 percent of the time — even though both cups in this round contained Coke .
( Reuters ) - Mortgage giant Freddie Mac is considering raising capital by selling as much as $ 10 billion in new shares to investors , The Wall Street Journal reported , citing people familiar with the matter .
Mortgage firm Freddie Mac headquarters is pictured in McLean , Virginia July 13 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
The report comes after the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve announced a plan on Sunday to shore up the balance sheets and borrowing capabilities of Freddie Mac and sister company Fannie Mae .
Such a share sale , which has not yet been determined , could forestall a full government rescue , the WSJ said .
Investors , sensing the need for these pillars of the U.S. housing market to raise capital -- and thereby diluting existing shares -- sent their stock prices down more than 60 percent this month alone .
The main buyers for any new - stock issues are likely to be existing shareholders worldwide , the paper said , citing one person involved in the discussion .
Any sale would have to offer a high rate of return to attract buyers , given the near - 14 percent yield on Freddie ’s preference shares , the paper added .
At that rate even a $ 5 billion preferred - stock offering would mean a company payout of $ 690 million a year , reducing the money available to common - stock shareholders , cutting the value of those holdings and putting further pressure on the share price .
Shares in Asia extended losses to fall 1.1 percent on Friday after the newspaper report , which added to worries about the stability of the U.S. financial sector .
Shares of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae have taken a beating this year as the companies face mounting losses due to delinquent borrowers , rising foreclosures and pressure to increase their exposure to the mortgage market as a way of stabilizing housing .
Shares of Fannie and Freddie surged 18 percent and 22 percent , respectively , on Thursday , after Freddie pulled off its second successful debt sale following the announcement of the U.S. rescue plan .
The shares were also helped by an emergency rule issued on Tuesday by U.S. securities regulators to limit certain types of short selling of shares in major financial companies , including Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
While the storm surrounding the companies appears to be easing , they still face mounting losses due to delinquent borrowers , rising foreclosures and pressure to increase their exposure to the mortgage market as a way of stabilizing housing .
Together , the companies own or guarantee more than $ 5 trillion in U.S. mortgages .
They have lost more than $ 11 billion since June , and have predicted more losses to come .
Even if Freddie and Fannie survive in their current form , it is not clear if they will still be as willing to lend as much to the U.S. housing market as home prices continue to slump .
The two companies finance about half of U.S. homes .
recoiledsnake writesComputerWorld has an update to the rejected Podcaster app mentioned above .
It seems the developer has used Apple 's " Ad Hoc " service to begin distributing the software despite the fact that they blocked it from the App Store .
Russia decided on Monday to break off some trade agreements reached during negotiations to join the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) as relations between Moscow and the West grew increasingly tense .
The move to withdraw from some of the accords reached over years of arduous talks came at a meeting of an inner circle of Cabinet ministers chaired by powerful Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
It confirmed Russia ’s disillusionment with the complex negotiations needed to enter the 153 - nation trade body .
“ Russia intends to inform various WTO partners of its withdrawal from accords that contradict its interests , ” First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov told Putin at Monday ’s meeting , quoted by Interfax .
In response , Putin gave his assent , saying : “ That is reasonable . ”
Putin , who stood down as president in May but remains highly influential , went on to reiterate previous Russian objections , notably the effect of WTO rules on agriculture , while affirming that membership remained a goal .
“ It turns out that we do n’t see or feel any pluses from membership and if there are some , we still carry a burden , ” said Putin .
“ We need to get things clear with our partners …
We need to think most seriously about protecting our manufacturers .
“ This does n’t mean we should renounce our strategic course towards the WTO , but there should be some clarifications on this question …
Elementary fairness should prevail , ” said Putin .
Shuvalov said he in any case saw little chance of finishing entry negotiations within the current year .
Russian officials did not specify which accords would be scrapped .
The comments come against a background of deteriorating relations between Moscow and the West over Russia ’s military surge into southern neighbour Georgia and support for separatists there , as well as over US plans for new missile defence facilities in Europe .
Putin made joining the WTO a key objective when he first became president in 2000 , but appeared increasingly frustrated with the process as his second term drew to a close and he had still not achieved membership .
As tensions have mounted over Georgia , German news magazine Der Spiegel this weekend quoted US Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez as saying Washington ’s support for Russia ’s WTO bid could be at stake .
Russia has been trying to join the WTO since its inception in 1995 .
Its failure to become a member makes it the only major economy outside the 153 - nation trade body .
Russia achieved a milestone towards WTO entry in November 2006 when it signed a bilateral trade deal with the US .
Prior to the conflict in Georgia , Washington had insisted it was keen to see Russia join the WTO .
However , the US has yet to repeal a piece of Cold War-era legislation that still restricts trade with Russia and prevents its WTO entry , the Jackson - Vanik amendment .
In June last year , Putin called for a revolution in the world financial architecture , which he described as “ archaic , undemocratic and inflexible ” .
Negotiations on Russia ’s entry have also been bogged down with its current arch - foe Georgia , which is already a member and has refused to sign off on Russia ’s bid .
Another trade dispute has arisen with Finland over Russian export duties on timber , partly intended to encourage production of value - added goods like paper and furniture inside the country .
— AFP
The Way We Were : 10 Crucial Child Psychology Studies
Once upon a time , although it seems barely credible to us now , we were all children .
We gurgled , we cried , we laughed , we explored , we fell down , and we had very little idea about the journey on which we had just embarked .
Barring mishap , over the first few years of our lives we developed memory , language , self - concept , cognitive , social and emotional abilities .
We took our first steps towards our future selves .
Child psychology – or , more broadly , developmental psychology – is not just the study of children , it is the study of you and me and how we came to be this way .
Just as discovering your history can teach you about the future , so child psychology shows us what we once were and even what we will become .
Here are 10 classic studies that have illuminated crucial areas of childhood development .
Each one is a piece in the jigsaw puzzle that is ourselves , and each one reminds us , through examining just one piece , how aspects of experience we now take for granted were once so complex .
[ Image credit : Patrick Q ]
There are long waits for many transplant operations Scientists have found a way to overcome the problem of the human body rejecting animal parts used in transplants .
The work , by the University of Leeds , means the use of animal tissue such as blood vessels , tendons and bladders may become common in surgery .
Human organs for transplant are constantly in short supply , meaning long waits for many patients .
Currently , the use of animal tissue for human transplant is restricted , and of limited effectiveness .
If we have a means of stripping away the first , and most major cause of rejection that is certainly something that requires further investigation
Mr John Forsythe
Edinburgh Royal Infirmary
For instance , chemically treated heart valves from pigs have been transplanted into patients for more than a decade , but have a limited life span as they are inert and cannot be populated by the patient 's own cells , and ruling out any possibility of repair to damage .
This poses a particular problem for young patients , as the valves do not grow with the child , and must be replaced frequently .
The Leeds team used a combination of freezing , chemical baths and ultrasound to strip the animal tissue of the cells and biological molecules that trigger a response from the immune system .
This left a biological scaffold which could then be populated by cells from a patient 's own body , creating a tissue which carries no risk of rejection , which can be repaired , and which can grow with the body .
So far tests have only been carried out on animals , but researcher Professor John Fisher said it was hoped to begin clinical trials on humans next year .
Better alternative Professor Fisher said : " We are talking about relatively simple tissues , such as blood vessels , heart valves , ligaments , tendons , surgical patches for internal repair .
" At the present time the surgeon has only got two choices , either sacrifice some tissue from somewhere else in the patient 's body , or wait for a donor tissue from another human being , and clearly they are in short supply .
" This is a very attractive alternative , because it can be available off the shelf for the surgeon to use . "
The scientists have formed a company , Tissue Regenix , and are working to develop the technique so they can create new heart valves for children .
However , transplant expert John Forsythe , based at the Edinburgh Royal Infirmary , said much work was needed before the use of animal parts was routine in transplant surgery .
He said it was possible that the biological scaffold left behind after cells had been stripped away could still provoke a longer - term immune reaction , as it would still be different to that found in humans .
In addition , using tissue which was not inert carried a potential risk of infection .
However , he added : " If we have a means of stripping away the first , and most major cause of rejection that is certainly something that requires further investigation . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Describing Mrs Jones as " vulnerable " , the barrister said she had suffered mental health problems and even the council 's own estates manager had said at one point she " needed help " rather than court action being taken against her .
“ The manufacturers ca n’t make the tires fast enough , ” said David Pierce , a senior buyer at Quality Bicycle Products , one of the country ’s biggest parts distributors , who reported a 200 - percent increase in sales of the tires this year .
Image Credit ... Natasha Calzatti for The New York Times
Ramona Marks and Ted Liscinski , carless volunteers at a nonprofit bike repair shop in Los Angeles , the Bicycle Kitchen , tested five pairs of tires while commuting and running errands around the Southland .
The tires tested , in the order they appear ( left to right ) in the photo in the photo above :
VITTORIA RUBINO TECH II $ 29.99 www.bikesomewhere.com.
Mr. Liscinski ’s favorite , this tire found the sweet spot amid form , function and economy .
The all - black tire ’s aesthetic was “ nice ” and “ clean . ”
After riding over a “ bunch of potholes , it held up just fine . ”
And “ the tiniest amount of tread ” ensures “ that if you are running over a piece of wet ground , you do n’t have to worry about slipping . ”
CONTINENTAL ULTRA GATORSKIN $ 34.99 , www.downtownbicycles.com.
Mr. Liscinski put the Gatroskin ’s reputation of flat protection to the test by running over glass , and days later reported “ no problems — I have n’t lost any air . ”
With “ not much of a tread ” they were ideal for riders who “ want to go a little faster ” or for commuters who hate changing flats .
His one complaint ?
“ They ’re expensive ” but “ they ’ll last quite a while if you do n’t skid . ”
PANARACER PASELA $ 17.99 , www.nashbar.com.
Ms. Marks prefers a slick tire , but she “ loved ” the Panaracer .
It was “ easy to get on , ” and the Pasela ’s minimal tread provided a “ subtle ” but “ softer ride . ”
“ Going over cracks in the pavement , I ’m not fearful anymore . ”
She also unintentionally rode over “ a lot of glass ” and “ they were fine . ”
And she liked their appearance , which she described as “ pretty and classic . ”
" I had just stopped to help as I saw there had been an accident .
Then another person who had stopped handed me a handbag and I recognised it .
I could n't believe it .
MANCHESTER —
The rare form of muscular dystrophy Clayton Holton suffers from has chipped away at his body to the point where he weighs 80 pounds — even though he's 6 feet , 2 inches tall .
Clayton has been in a wheelchair since he was 10 .
His disease , Duchenne 's syndrome , has robbed him of his ability to walk , shriveled his arms to the size and shape of a baseball bat handle , and burrowed a 6 - inch crater in the center of his chest .
One thing the disease has n't eaten away at is his eyes .
They 're huge , blue , and full .
Holton boarded a plane to California from Manchester - Boston Regional Airport late last monthbecause he refused to die at the Riverside Rest Home in Dover , where the OxyContin he was taking caused him to lose more and more weight ; where he'd sit around all day surrounded by people older than his grandparents ; where , at 22 , he was the youngest nursing home patient in the state of New Hampshire .
He would not die in that situation .
He would not waste away to nothing .
Basically , Clayton went to California so he can legally smoke marijuana .
He and his doctors say it 's the only thing that alleviates his pain .
He does n't smoke marijuana simply for recreational purposes .
He says it takes away the pain in his chest and in his back .
It takes away the fatigue from sitting in a wheelchair all day .
It relaxes him .
It makes him want to eat .
OxyContin does n't do that for him .
The drug , notorious for being abused on the street , takes away his appetite , gives him headaches , drains his energy , changes his personality .
When he's on OxyContin , his eyes are red , his skin is white and he lies in bed for hours because he 's so tired .
He literally can't move .
He does n't want to be around people when he's on OxyContin .
He can't eat anything .
He 's tried other drugs , like Vicodin and Percocet , and says both make him feel the same way .
Tim White , a doctor and medical marijuana advocate , heard about Clayton from Elizabeth Kucinich , the wife of former Democratic presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich .
White paid for Clayton to fly to California and arranged for him to stay at a medical facility in Santa Barbara for the next eight months .
Clayton plans on being a spokesman for a variety of medical marijuana groups while in California , where the drug is legal for medicinal purposes .
" I can't wait to get out of here .
I need to get out of here , " Clayton said from the nursing home two days before he left for California .
" This is actually happening . "
He smiled .
So much has gone wrong in Clayton 's short life — his parents divorced when he was young , he was hit by a car while crossing the street in his wheelchair when he was 16 , he says he and his mother do n't speak anymore — that going to California is one thing that 's finally gone right .
The California trip was the culmination of a four - month personal campaign he started when he moved to Riverside .
Medical marijuana is illegal in New Hampshire , and Clayton wanted to change that .
He sent hundreds of e-mails to medical marijuana groups , presidential candidates , and anyone and everyone who he thought could help .
He started a MySpace page .
He posted videos of himself on YouTube .
He worked with Granite Staters for Medical Marijuana , and a representative drove him around New Hampshire to town hall meetings before the primary so he could ask presidential candidates about their position on medical marijuana .
A now - famous clip of him challenging a flustered Mitt Romney was broadcast on CNN and posted on YouTube .
Clayton was supposed to meet with Dennis Kucinich , but the Ohio Congressman had to fly back to Washington the day he was scheduled to stop at the Riverside nursing home .
Instead , Clayton got to meet his wife , Elizabeth , a tall , striking Englishwoman with movie - star looks .
Clayton talked with her for an hour .
It was one of the best days of his life .
Clayton went to the Kucinich campaign 's New Year 's party , and he has stayed in touch with Elizabeth over the past few weeks .
" She 's the one behind all this , " Clayton said of the California trip .
" She 's smart .
She cares about people .
She 's an amazing woman . "
At 8:30 a.m. Friday morning , the day Clayton went to the airport , his father , Brian , and his cousin picked him up at Riverside .
Clayton was already packed and ready go , and the three of them quickly boarded the elevator .
Before the doors shut , a nurse waved goodbye .
" See you later ... for the last time , hopefully , " she said .
Brian hates that his son had to go to Riverside , but there was no other option .
When Clayton left the home where he had been living , Brian could n't care for him because his home is n't set up to accommodate Clayton and he has to work all the time to get out of debt .
Brian say he has tried to do the right thing for his son , visiting him at the nursing home and supporting his efforts to legalize medical marijuana .
He understands that the drug alleviates his pain , and wishes New Hampshire would legalize it for medicinal use .
He 's proud that Clayton is moving out to California .
" He 's done all this on his own , " Brian said at the airport , as Clayton was going through a security checkpoint .
" ( Going to California ) will help him , if anything .
It could keep him alive longer . "
Brian gave his son a hug and watched as he slowly made his way through the security line .
Brian started to talk about what Clayton was like as a young child , before the disease ravaged his body .
" I bought him a three - wheeler .
He rode that all the time , " Brian said .
" He was a normal kid . "
He said Clayton 's had a tough life , that he 's had to deal with too many awful things .
He knows that getting on that airplane was the best thing he could 've done — that it was the path to a better life .
He wants to see his son live as long as he can , as comfortably as he can .
He said he 's going to furnish his home to accommodate Clayton when he comes back .
Leaning against a railing near the boarding gate , lost in thought , Brian suddenly looked up .
" Do you see Clayton ?
I think he 's gone , " he said , scanning the crowd in the restricted area of the gate .
" Yep , he 's gone . "
RADAR ALERT :
PBS Whitewashes Flawed Documentary
After a month - long review , the Public Broadcasting Service has disappointed thousands of viewers and given its stamp of approval to Breaking the Silence : Children 's Stories .
According to the PBS statement , “ The producers approached the topic with the open mindedness and commitment to fairness that we require of our journalists .
Their research was extensive and supports the conclusions drawn in the program . ”
The entire PBS statement is shown at the end of this Alert .
PBS plans to produce a follow - up documentary on child custody , family courts , and parental alienation syndrome , to be aired in Spring 2006 .
PBS does not indicate that the second program will highlight the concerns or perspectives of fathers ; indeed , the PBS statement does not even include the word , “ father . ”
Of greater concern is the PBS statement that says , “ Additionally , the documentary 's ‘ first - person story telling approach ’ did not allow the depth of the producers ' research to be as evident to the viewer as it could have been . ” [ emphasis added ] .
RADAR is concerned that in Breaking the Silence Part II , PBS will simply present biased experts and one - sided research that will reinforce the propaganda - like conclusions contained in Breaking the Silence Part I .
The PBS statement made no concession to Ken Bode , ombudsman for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting , who wrote on Monday , “ It was precisely the lack of balance and fairness that caused so many viewers to contact PBS and CPB ...
Lasseur now says that [ lack of balance ] was intentional .
Simply put , that amounts to a plea of guilty to violating the fairness and balance standards of PBS . ” [ http://www.cpb.org/ombudsmen/051219bode.html]
The PBS statement also ignored the criticisms by PBS ' own ombudsman , Michael Getler , who wrote on December 2 that the program comes across “ as a one - sided , advocacy program ” and “ there was no recognition of opposing views . ”
[ http://www.pbs.org/ombudsman/2005/12/introduction_and_breaking_the_silence.html]
On December 12 , RADAR sent a letter to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting calling for an Inspector General investigation of the program .
The letter reiterated RADAR 's demands that PBS completely retract Breaking the Silence , and that PBS commission a follow - up documentary that highlights the plight of children endangered by a court system that awards custody to fathers only 15 % of the time .
[ http://www.mediaradar.org/docs/RADAR_letterToCPB_InspectorGeneral.pdf]
A recent column by David Usher reveals how Breaking the Silence is part of a broader campaign to influence public policy that would make it far more difficult for divorcing fathers to gain shared parenting rights of their children .
[ http://www.therealitycheck.org/GuestColumnist/dusher121905.htm]
RADAR will analyze the situation over the upcoming holidays and issue our next Alert on January 2 , 2006 .
PBS Programming Statement on BREAKING THE SILENCE : CHILDREN'S STORIES BREAKING THE SILENCE : CHILDREN'S STORIES chronicles the impact of domestic violence on children and the recurring failings of family courts across the country to protect them from their abusers .
In stark and often poignant interviews , children and battered mothers tell their stories of abuse at home and continued trauma within the courts .
The producers approached the topic with the open mindedness and commitment to fairness that we require of our journalists .
Their research was extensive and supports the conclusions drawn in the program .
Funding from the Mary Kay Ash Charitable Foundation met PBS 's underwriting guidelines ; the Foundation had no editorial influence on program content .
However , the program would have benefited from more in - depth treatment of the complex issues surrounding child custody and the role of family courts and most specifically the provocative topic of Parental Alienation Syndrome ( PAS ) .
Additionally , the documentary 's " first - person story telling approach " did not allow the depth of the producers ' research to be as evident to the viewer as it could have been .
PBS has received a substantial body of analysis and documentation from both supporters of the documentary and its critics .
It is clear to us that this complex and important issue would benefit from further examination .
To that end , PBS will commission an hour - long documentary for that purpose .
Plans call for the documentary to be produced and broadcast in Spring 2006 .
We expect that the hour - long treatment of the subject will allow ample opportunity for doctors , psychologists , judges , parent advocates and victims of abuse to have their perspectives shared , challenged and debated .
Date of RADAR Release : December 20 , 2005
Want to improve the chance that they 'll pay attention to your letter ?
Click here .
R.A.D.A.R. – Respecting Accuracy in Domestic Abuse Reporting – is a non-profit , non-partisan organization of men and women working to improve the effectiveness of our nation 's approach to solving domestic violence .
http://www.mediaradar.org
SPRINGFIELD , Illinois ( CNN ) -- Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama introduced Sen .
Joe Biden to the nation as his running mate Saturday , telling supporters that he is " a leader who is ready to step in and be president . "
" For months , I 've searched for a leader to finish this journey alongside me and join me in making Washington work for the American people .
I searched for a leader who understood the rising costs confronting working people and will always put their dreams first , " Obama said .
" Today , I 've come back to Springfield to tell you I 've found that leader , " he said .
The rally is the pair 's first joint appearance since Obama announced that Biden , the senior U.S. senator from Delaware , would be his running mate on his Web site and in a text message to supporters early Saturday morning .
Watch Obama introduce his running mate »
Democrats hope that Biden 's working - class roots and foreign policy experience will help Obama , who informed Biden of his decision Thursday .
Thousands of cheering supporters gathered Saturday for the rally in Springfield , Illinois , where Obama announced his candidacy last year .
It will be their only public appearance together before next week 's Democratic convention in Denver .
Watch what Biden would bring to an Obama presidency »
As he took to the podium at Saturday 's rally , Biden invoked the 16th U.S. president , Abraham Lincoln , who was from Illinois .
" President Lincoln once instructed us to be sure to put your feet in the right place and then stand firm , " said Biden , a native of Scranton , Pennsylvania .
" Today in Springfield , I know my feet are in the right place , and I 'm proud to stand firm with the next president of the United States of America , Barack Obama . "
Obama stressed those roots , introducing 65 - year - old Biden as " still that scrappy kid from Scranton who beat the odds . "
He noted hardships in Biden 's life , including the deaths of Biden 's first wife and infant daughter in a 1972 car wreck and his struggle to overcome a brain aneurysm in 1988 .
iReport.com : iReporters ask if Biden was really the best choice
" That 's the kind of fighter I want by my side in the months and years to come , " Obama said .
Known for his plain - spoken approach and penchant for speaking from the cuff , Biden wasted little time taking to the traditional vice presidential candidate 's role of political attack dog .
" John McCain ... served our country with extreme courage , and I know he wants to do right by America , " he said of his Senate colleague and the presumptive Republican presidential nominee .
" But the harsh truth is loud and clear :
You can't change America when you supported George Bush 's policies 95 percent of the time . "
He also seized on a McCain comment from this week when he could not remember how many houses he owns and said McCain was out of touch with the " kitchen - table " issues that working families face .
" It 's a pretty hard experience .
He 'll have to figure out which of the seven kitchen tables to sit at , " Biden said .
The McCain campaign quickly pounced Obama for introducing Biden as " the next president of the United States " before quickly correcting himself to say " vice president . "
Watch McCain 's new ad targeting Biden »
" Barack Obama sounded as though he turned over the top spot on the ticket today to his new mentor , when he introduced Joe Biden as the next president , " McCain spokesman Ben Porritt said .
" The reality is that nothing has changed since Joe Biden first made his assessment that Barack Obama is not ready to lead .
He was n't ready then and he is n't ready now . "
Biden , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , brings decades of experience that could help counter GOP attacks on Obama 's lack of experience in foreign policy .
Biden abandoned his own White House run after a poor showing in Iowa 's first - in - the - nation caucuses .
He also ran for the 1988 Democratic presidential nomination but dropped out after charges of plagiarism in a stump speech .
Learn more about Biden
Biden is serving out his sixth term , making him Delaware 's longest - serving senator .
He is married and has three children .
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Delaware and got a law degree from Syracuse .
One of Biden 's grandfathers was a Pennsylvania state senator , according to the Almanac of American Politics .
Biden will make his first big speech as the vice presidential candidate Wednesday , the third night of the Democratic convention .
All About Joseph Biden • Barack Obama • John McCain
Summary : Users expect About
Us sections to be clear , authentic , and transparent .
They compare corporate content with third - party reviews to form a holistic opinion of a company before initiating business or applying for jobs .
Whether users seek company information in a B2B ( business–to–business ) or B2C ( business–to–consumer ) context , effectively explaining a company ’s purpose and what it stands for is important for users and helps the business maintain its reputation .
Most sites offer an About Us section , but the pages often do a poor job of clearly communicating the most important information about the organization .
Additionally , many people now seek out company information not only from the About Us section , but also from third parties who might provide an honest , unbiased perspective about the organization .
Seeking About Us Content : Why and How
Though big or famous organizations may think the About Us section of the site should have low priority , this information is important and accessed by many different types of users in a variety of scenarios :
Professionals who want to interact with business partners and investigate potential vendors
Medical professionals , lawyers , and tradespeople who need quick answers about your company , products , or services
People who take up sports or new hobbies , discover a new genre of literature , music , or home décor , are diagnosed with a new disease , start eating a new type of food , or otherwise become interested in organizations they ’ve never dealt with before
Journalists , influencers , and content creators who need information about your products or services
Individual investors who read something positive about your company or saw it pop out of a page of stock metrics
Job seekers who were attracted by one of your opportunities and want to learn about the organization before applying
When asked to describe the last time she looked up company information on a website , one user seeking a new job said , “ I was being recruited and was just looking into the company as a potential one to work for .
On their website , I looked at their mission , their client base , how they describe their products .
I look at the vibe and feel .
If you hire a high - school kid to do your site , I can tell and I do n’t want to work for a company like that .
The site itself is not going to sell me , but it ’s a good start . ”
She went on to explain that she did this type of research primarily on a desktop computer .
For the companies she was interested in , when she had a question on the go , she would access the site on her mobile device .
In fact , the majority of users in our study stated that they usually try to learn about companies on desktop , rather than on mobile .
Three Rounds of Research and 85 Guidelines
To help designers understand the evolving behaviors and user preferences related to About Us content , we conducted three rounds of research , using two methodologies : expert design reviews and qualitative usability testing .
In total , we observed over 70 users , including business professionals , as they completed common tasks with About Us content on a variety of corporate websites .
Studies primarily took place in the United States , with a few sessions in Hong Kong .
Across the three studies , we tested 100 websites and reviewed an additional 65 sites .
The result is 85 guidelines for designing About Us content to help users easily find and understand your company information .
The guidelines include ways to improve the usability of About Us sections and other corporate website areas , to bolster your company ’s image and maximize its reputation , while garnering interest and trust .
We tested sites in 5 different categories , based on organization size :
Large companies , such as Zappos , General Electric , Citigroup , Eli Lilly , Chevron , and Nestlé
, such as Zappos , General Electric , Citigroup , Eli Lilly , Chevron , and Nestlé Medium - sized companies , such as LogMeIn , Cintas , Slack , and Team Industrial Services
, such as LogMeIn , Cintas , Slack , and Team Industrial Services Small companies , such as Oscar Insurance , ImmunoGen , Uncommon Goods , OneCall , and Squarespace
, such as Oscar Insurance , ImmunoGen , Uncommon Goods , OneCall , and Squarespace Government agencies , such as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , the Department of the Interior , the Federal Trade Commission , and the Small Business Administration
, such as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ) , the Department of the Interior , the Federal Trade Commission , and the Small Business Administration Nonprofits , such as American Refugee Committee , Make - A - Wish Foundation , St. Jude 's Children 's Research Hospital , and Charity Water
Our most recent study included 20 users .
Participants ’ occupations ranged from financial analysts and realtors to city clerks and nurses .
People working in technology or tangential fields were screened out to avoid bias .
All participants had at least 2 years of experience using the web for decision - making tasks related to their jobs .
Their ages ranged from 24 to 65 .
Users attempted to learn the organizations ’ purposes , where companies were located , their missions , values , and history , as well as how to contact them .
Each user was given a unique , open - ended task to attempt on two different websites , specified by the facilitator .
After attempting the open - ended task , users were provided with 8 directed tasks to attempt on each site .
At the end of each testing session , users provided feedback about the most important factors that impacted their perception of an organization .
Most sites were tested on desktop computers ; a small portion were tested on mobile .
Consistent with our previous studies , users appreciated About Us content that was easy to find and understand .
However , users in the most recent study were more skeptical than in the past .
Organizations that stood out from the crowd in favorable ways used tactics that helped them appear authentic and transparent .
Those tactics included :
Storytelling
Using realistic photography
Showcasing unbiased reviews
Offering multiple channels to connect with a real person at the company
About Us in an Age of Transparency and Authenticity
Because we ’ve studied About Us content for over a decade , we have a strong basis on which to assess the major trends surrounding corporate - website design .
Perhaps the most noteworthy trend that emerged in our most recent round of research is that users now expect companies to demonstrate a heightened level of authenticity and transparency not only on their websites , but in every interaction a person may have with the organization .
More than ever , users are skeptical of companies and see right through complex corporate speak , jargon , and stock photography .
People favor companies that showcase themselves as being customer - focused , human , and easy to understand .
When businesses deliver on their promises , users are willing to write them glowing reviews and recommend them to friends , colleagues , and family .
We found that reviews and recommendations from trusted peers are one of the most important criteria used when forming an impression about an organization .
Reviews also influence the decision to conduct business or apply for jobs with a particular organization .
People continue to value plain , easy - to - understand language in About Us sections .
They appreciate copy that makes them feel as though they are having an intentional and mutually beneficial conversation with a human at the company .
Our participants liked to see photos of real employees and products , and looked for content that came directly from happy customers and employees .
Content with an honest and straightforward tone of voice eased fears and skepticism , therefore making users more comfortable with sharing their personal information , reaching out to contact the company , applying for a job , or initiating business with the organization .
What Does Transparency and Authenticity Look Like ?
Elements that make an organization appear transparent and authentic can manifest in many different ways .
Most impactful were those in social - responsibility areas such as Diversity and Inclusion , Sustainability , Culture , and Mission and Values .
For example , Zappos ’ About Us section included a subcategory called Zappos for Good , where it outlined the company ’s position on important social topics such as environmental sustainability and giving back to less - fortunate people .
Zappos ’ main About
Us page also featured elements that contributed to the authentic image of the organization .
Across both of these main - site pages , the authenticity of the company was displayed in many ways , such as :
Realistic photography
Videos that felt compassionate and genuine to users
Stories about its business model , policies , and working at the company
Use of plain language resulting in easy - to - understand headlines and copy
Highlighting of community efforts
All of this showed that Zappos spent time to thoughtfully , clearly , and creatively explain its values to website visitors .
This approach is preferred by users who are tired of seeing company websites full of corporate speak and stock photography .
We also observed elements which demonstrated transparency and authenticity on a few of the government - agency websites that we tested .
For example , on the Small Business Administration ’s website , officials included their social media usernames as a means by which to get in contact .
From a user ’s standpoint , this demonstrated authenticity and transparency because it showed that officials were n’t hiding on social media and that they wanted to engage in conversation with people on these channels .
This transparency shows empathy and a willingness to meet people in places they already are online , rather than dictating a rigid process for interaction .
Beyond the About Us Section
Users do n’t always trust what company websites say , and skepticism often drives people to look beyond the About Us section to piece together what they think is a more accurate perception of a business based on ratings and reviews from others .
In our studies , users turned to social media channels such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , YouTube , and LinkedIn to see what other people were saying about their experiences with the company .
Many people also relied upon user review sites such as Google Reviews , Yelp , and Glassdoor , to get a more realistic picture of the organization they were researching .
While some websites had testimonials in their About Us sections , users remained leery as to whether the company had curated the reviews to show only the most favorable ones .
Despite this cynicism , users still read the testimonials and often compared the information they found on corporate sites with what they discovered on the third - party review sites .
Because of this user behavior , we recommend including honest and balanced testimonials on your corporate website , and also cross-referencing other review sites ; users will take all sources of information into account when forming an opinion about your company .
Finding Answers in Search - Engine Results
If they were pressed for time , users did n’t even navigate to a company ’s About Us section if they could find answers to their questions from the metadata or rich - answer boxes found on search - engine–results pages .
Additionally , people relied on search engines when they were unable to quickly find the information they needed in the About Us sections of corporate websites .
When users were unable to find an answer or piece of information on a corporate website , they often gave up and said , “ At this point , I ’d just Google it . ”
Several users also stated that they prefer to use a search engine to find a quick answer to a question rather than going to the company ’s website .
They ’d often give the search engine the credit for providing the answer , even if the information displayed came directly from the company ’s website .
Because users seek information from external sources , companies must align their content on all their communication channels .
Users expect organizations to tell a consistent and cohesive About Us story .
Also , make sure that metadata and contact information published on third - party sites are accurate and up - to - date , as users rely on those sources when forming perceptions and initiating interactions .
User Satisfaction : Contributing and Detracting Factors
While today ’s websites are getting better at supporting people ’s tasks , standards are much higher than they used to be and organizations must work hard to satisfy users .
The main factors that negatively impacted user satisfaction with About Us content were :
Complex and overwhelming navigation
Hard - to - find critical information ( such as what the company does and whom to contact )
Content that lacked substance
Stock photography
Walls of text and insufficient use of white space
Busy and cluttered interfaces
Poor choice of font size , color , and contrast , proving low consideration for accessibility
Lack of trust and security indicators
Aggressive sales tactics ( e.g. , promotions , banner ads , pushy tones )
Layouts that were not mobile friendly
The main factors that positively impacted user satisfaction were :
Clean graphic designs that complimented the content and were consistent with the company ’s image
Authentic , realistic imagery
Simple layouts and a consistent navigational structure across desktop and mobile
Easy - to - find contact information that included a diversity of options — telephone numbers , physical addresses , email addresses , and chat
Clearly outlined community and social efforts , interest in diversity , inclusion , and environmental sustainability
Endorsements from reputable , external sources
Seemingly good products and services
Empathizing with User Skepticism
An influx of online scams , data breaches , and negative experiences contributed to users ’ increasing skepticism about businesses and their About Us content .
In addition , hearing about other people ’s bad experiences on social media , in the news , or via word of mouth heightened fear among users .
Ecommerce sites , transactional sites , and online services sites need a strong About Us section , because users often wonder who ’s behind a business , how it ’s funded , and whether it ’s credible .
Here are some common questions that users have and that need to be answered in the About Us section :
If I order from an ecommerce site , can I trust the company to ship the package ?
Will the company accept a return if the product arrives in poor condition ?
If I register on a site , will it sell my personal information to anyone who can pay , thus exposing me to endless spam ?
If I donate to this nonprofit , how much of my donation will go to administrative fees versus supporting the cause ?
Due to many recent data breaches , users are also sensitive with their personal information online .
They fear their data might be shared , compromised , or that their privacy could be violated .
In our most recent study , several users were cautious with their email addresses — they thought if an organization had their email , the company would abuse it and spam them with unwanted messages .
With the increased scrutiny companies now face from users , we wondered if this had any impact on users ’ preferences for working with small or large businesses .
As is too often in the field of user experience , the answer is : it depends .
In general , users felt that they would get better convenience , prices , and overall support from big companies than from small ones .
They feared that small businesses will have higher prices and lower reliability than large companies .
At the same time , many participants were skeptical of large businesses and felt these would be less honest and helpful than small companies .
One user said , “ I do n’t have a [ size ] preference , but if I had to pick , I ’d choose a small business over a large one .
I like having direct contact with a person and sometimes , it ’s harder to work with larger companies .
I like to support small businesses ; it ’s easier to get things done when working with a smaller company , in general .
Bureaucracy elongates things . ”
The key takeaway here is that both large and small companies have an opportunity to show users that these assumptions are wrong .
Be thorough and diligent in the About Us section of your website to address these legitimate user concerns .
The Rise of Reviews
In the 20 sessions we conducted during this round of research , the word reviews was used over 40 times .
It ’s important for companies to monitor what ’s being said about them on review sites .
Doing so will ensure the company can either address the issues in its corporate site content or use the feedback to improve .
For example , one user said , “ I would do a Google search for the company name to learn more about them .
I ’d target sites that do company reviews and give info about the company , as well as its competitors .
Google would give me that site along with others .
It ’s validation for what they ’re [ the company ] saying about themselves .
I ’ll be on the lookout for adverse stuff as well ; I look for consistency and trends . "
Another said , “ I ’m very skeptical ; I would not look at just the website .
I would look at blogs and review sites ; these would be my first place .
I ’ve been burned and the website alone wo n’t make the case for me .
I ’m going to Google that company and look for reviews and see what ’s out there .
There ’s all kinds of places you can go to now . ”
This reliance on reviews means that companies also have an opportunity to set themselves apart by including authentic review content in their About Us sections .
Though users will likely still use a search engine to form their final opinions , at least surfacing unadulterated reviews shows you have nothing to hide and that you want people to get the full story on you from real customers .
Structuring and Labeling About Us Content
We recommend that sites always include at least a main About Us page , but depending on the amount of content you have , your users ’ information needs , the size , and tenure of your organization , you may decide to include subcategory pages underneath About Us .
We suggest providing About Us information at 4 levels of detail :
Tagline on homepage : A few words or brief sentences that summarize what the organization does Summary on About Us page : 1 – 2 short , scannable paragraphs at the top of a main About Us page , that offer a bit more detail about the organization ’s goals and main accomplishments Subcategory pages under About Us : Including detailed information on subcategory pages can give users answers to their questions when they want to learn even more about your company .
Examples of appropriate subcategory pages that could live underneath the main About Us category include Mission and Values , Company History , Leadership and Team , Investor Relations , News , Careers , Environmental Sustainability , and Diversity and Inclusion .
For smaller sites and organizations , subcategory content can live directly on a single About Us page , rather than being broken up into individual pages .
In either case , if your organization places a heightened emphasis on any of the subcategory pages we mentioned , these subcategories should be easily findable from links in the main navigation ( instead of just being subcategories underneath About Us ) .
This often happens with pages such as News , Investor Relations , or Careers to name a few .
About Us links in the footer : Users heavily relied on the footer as a fallback .
Anytime people could n’t find the information they needed from the main navigation , they immediately scrolled down to the footer to find it .
Additionally , it ’s important to reiterate from previous studies that most users will rarely click on obscurely named links such as Corporate Governance .
People do n’t understand jargon terms and struggle to decipher meaning from unclear link names .
Use explicit link labels ; they help all users navigate and are less burdensome even for sophisticated users , such as investors or business journalists .
Explain What Your Organization Does
Whether your site includes a single About Us page or an entire About Us section , you must provide a clear explanation of what your company does .
Although this sounds obvious , for many organizations it ’s quite difficult to do .
We saw journalists , investors , and general web users baffled by numerous websites and unable to figure out what the organization did .
Too often , companies erroneously assume that people understand their business and neglect to concisely state their purpose or how they differ from competitors .
Usually , a single phrase or a concise paragraph will do the trick .
Some organizations intentionally convolute this content to keep themselves open to many different types of business partnerships .
In other cases , internal content creators assume the copy describes what the business does , but to an outside user , it means nothing .
No matter the reason , if your About Us content is vague , jargon - laden , or difficult to understand , work with stakeholders to define the company ’s purpose and clearly identify differentiators .
Do competitive analysis and market research before crafting your messaging , and test out different descriptions with real users , to find out which ones make sense to your target audience .
In any conversation , saying who you are and what you do demonstrates good manners .
Explain what you do , your company ’s origins , how you view business , and how you relate to the community .
From our earliest usability studies to now , we ’ve seen that users like getting a sense of the company behind the website and good About Us content helps facilitate this conversation .
Full Report
The new edition of our report on Presenting Company Information on Corporate Websites and in About Us Sections with 85 actionable UX design guidelines is now available for download .
AUGUST 21 -- The next time you forget to return a couple of library books ( and ignore those annoying letters about the overdue status of said volumes ) , think of Heidi Dalibor .
The Wisconsin woman , 20 , was arrested earlier this month in connection with a pair of books overdue for several months .
Dalibor , who made the mistake of ignoring a court citation issued after she failed to respond to letters and phone calls from the Grafton library , was busted August 6 for failing to return copies of Janet Fitch 's best - seller " White Oleander " ( a 1999 Oprah Book Club selection ) and " Angels & Demons , " author Dan Brown 's precursor to " The Da Vinci Code . "
According to a police report , Dalibor was apprehended at her family 's home , cuffed and stuffed in a cruiser , and booked for violating the " overdue library materials " ordinance .
She also had to pose for her mug shot at the Grafton Police Department .
Dalibor subsequently settled with the library by paying her overdue fines and reimbursing it for the cost of the two novels , which totaled around $ 180 .
Dalibor 's mother Patty told TSG that her daughter was " a good kid " who works two jobs .
She is also now the owner of the Fitch and Brown books , which Dalibor got to keep as a result of paying off her library levies .
( 3 pages )
The U.S. military may be 30 percent robotic by the year 2020 , according to Doug Few and Bill Smart of Washington University in St. Louis .
" When the military says ' robot ' they mean everything from self - driving trucks up to what you would conventionally think of as a robot .
You would more accurately call them autonomous systems rather than robots , " says Smart , assistant professor of computer science and engineering .
At present , all of the U.S. Army 's robots are teleoperated .
Current military policy is to leave human beings " in the loop " for important decision - making .
" It 's a chain of command thing .
You do n't want to give autonomy to a weapons delivery system .
You want to have a human hit the button .
You do n't want the robot to make the wrong decision .
You want to have a human to make all of the important decisions , " says Smart .
In the more distant future , though , who knows ?
There has been a considerable amount of development in the area of autonomous vehicles ; see this article on the MULE Autonomous Navigation Vehicle By Lockheed Martin for an example .
Also , autonomous robots with the ability to open fire upon their own initiative are under development in other countries ; see this article on South Korean Intelligent Surveillance and Guard Robot .
Of course , science fiction fans ( and even those merely immersed in popular culture ) are ready for a droid army .
Remember the battle droids lined up in the Battle of Naboo from Star Wars Episode I : The Phantom Menace ( 1999 ) by George Lucas ?
Source : 30 pct of U.S. Army may be robotic by 2020 .
( This Science Fiction in the News story used with permission of Technovelgy.com )
Video : Robot on Mind Control
Buying second - hand products is always green , but it ’s easy to be discouraged by the stories of broken laptops from eBay or Craigslist .
To quell these fears , here is a 10 - step checklist on how to find a used laptop that is n’t just a high - tech lemon .
Most would n’t flinch at the idea of buying a used car , but the thought of a used computer sends them squirming .
The tech industry tries their hardest to keep it that way : they advertise new products in such a way to render the previous models perceptually obsolete ; they block even the simplest hardware upgrades ; and they sell bottom - of - the - line models that simply break within a couple years .
This should n’t scare you away from a used computer purchase , but know that they are imperfect machines ; some research , determination , and basic knowledge is required .
To make this list , I used both my own experience along with some tips from Peter Montesano of Peter ’s PC Repair , one of the most highly regarded repair shops in San Francisco .
Step 1 : The Decision – Finding The Best Used Laptop
Decide what computer you want and then change your mind .
Like most people , you probably dream of the newest , hottest thing on the market — maybe a Macbook Air or Dell ’s new Studio Hybrid ?
No. Instead , check out some of the best computers from last year or earlier this year .
These are the laptops you should choose from in the used market — and generally , they ’ll perform the same tasks that this year ’s models do .
As an added bonus , you can try to find a computer from 2007 with Windows XP installed instead of Vista !
Step 2 : Where to Buy
Determine where you will buy your computer .
There are four options : eBay , Craigslist , local dealers , and straight from the manufacturer .
Buying refurbished models from the manufacturer or a local dealer is often more expensive , but they ’ll come with attached warranties that will calm your worried hearts .
The remaining two options are a bit trickier , but also cheaper .
If you plan to use eBay , make sure to find a seller with no less than 100 % feedback rating .
If the computer arrives broken , a seller with a flawless rating will happily allow a return in order to prevent negative feedback — that ’s the beauty of eBay .
For a Craigslist exchange , make sure to arrange a public meeting spot like a coffee shop where you can inspect the computer fully before purchasing .
Step 3 : Cracks and Imperfections
Now you need to check for damage .
First check for cosmetic issues — and then realize that it does n’t matter whatsoever .
As long as the computer still works , that little chip on the bottom corner will not be a problem .
But if you ’d like , you can try to get a few bucks knocked off the price because of it .
Step 4 : No Purple Haze
One of the most expensive things to replace on a laptop is the screen .
Check for any purple or pink discoloration , and if you find any , send the computer back .
It ’s not worth the hassle or cost of repairs .
Step 5 : Testing the Inputs
Check all plugs , sockets , and wireless connections like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi .
Many of these are attached to the motherboard , which is costly to replace .
If one USB port is broken and you can live with the other three , then do it .
If the headphone jack is broken but you have Bluetooth headphones anyway , then rejoice .
Step 6 : Check for a Faulty Hard Drive .
Test the hard drive(s ) for errors and remember that replacement drives are generally cheap .
Step 7 : Check for a Faulty CD Drive
Try burning all types of media that the drive should support — CD -R , CD-RW , DVD-R , DVD+R DL , etc .
Step 8 : Test the Battery Life
Read as many of my posts on Green Options as you can until the computer ’s battery dies .
If goes out too fast , try to get the seller to discount the price to make up for the cost of a replacement battery , which can often carry a big price tag .
Step 9 : Seek Help
If you do n’t want to do all these tests yourself or you want an expert opinion , most repair places would not charge more than $ 80 for a complete diagnostic check - up .
When your used computer cost less than half the original retail price , $ 80 is n’t much .
Step 10 : Wrap it up
For eBay buyers , do n’t leave feedback until you ’ve checked everything out .
If there are any major problems , do not be afraid to return the computer .
Do n’t get frustrated if everything is n’t perfect right from the start .
Remember that people have problems with their brand new computers pretty often as well .
Even if you have to fork up some money for small repairs or upgrades , rest assured that your decision was environmentally and economically sound .
Photo Credit : Declantm on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Other Posts Relating to Green Computers & Used Laptops :
Blair to follow in the steps of the Clintons , Obama and Musharraf as a guest on US satirical news programme The Daily Show
This is a wild claim , but I think it 's true .
If you 've got More4 , and you 've never heard of Jon Stewart - I 'm about to improve your life .
Watch The Daily Show with Jon Stewart .
In the UK it 's normally on every night , from Monday to Friday , at 8.30 pm , after transmission in the US .
Trust me .
Just watch it .
It really is superb .
And you should definitely tune in this Friday ( or tomorrow , if you live in the US ) because Tony Blair is going to be on and it could be a cracker .
If you know the programme , you 'll probably understand why I 'm raving like a lunatic .
If you have n't seen it , I expect you 're trying to work out why anyone could get so excited about a talk show .
But the point about the Daily Show is that it is n't just a comedy programme .
It is gloriously funny – Stewart was praised in a Guardian leader earlier this month which concluded " no comedian alive offers quite the same joyful , cathartic dose of satire as does the 45 - year - old New Yorker " - but the real reason why it 's become cult viewing is because its analysis is so incisive .
The US journalist Thomas Friedman pointed this out last year , in a column in which he tried to imagine how an Iranian spy would report back to Tehran on life in the US .
We have to note that obtaining open - source intelligence in America has become more difficult , because traditional news shows have become more comedic and more comedic news shows more authoritative .
For instance , CNN 's nightly business report is hosted by a man named " Dobbs " .
Real journalists come on his show and present transparently propagandistic stories about immigration and trade and then he fulminates about them , much the way our ayatollahs used to do about " Satanic Americans " on late - night Iranian TV .
So viewers have no real idea what 's happening in the US economy .
Meanwhile , at 11 pm , something called The Daily Show , which appears on Comedy Central , has fake journalists presenting what turns out to be the real news .
This helps to explain why the New York Times recently described Stewart as " the most trusted man in America " .
It also explains why guests like Barack Obama , John McCain , and Bill and Hillary Clinton are willing to appear , even at the risk of being mocked .
Stewart 's even had a head of state on the show , Pervez Musharraf when he was president of Pakistan .
Blair has never been on the show before and he 's accepted the invitation because it coincides with the start of the faith and globalisation course he 's teaching at Yale University .
Stewart is never overtly offensive to his guests .
But he can expose their weaknesses brilliantly and he 's obsessed with what went wrong in " Mess O'Potamia " .
Blair might have some explaining to do .
As you can guess , I 'll be glued to the screen .
I ’ve never put a campaign yard sign in my lawn , so when a friend offered an Obama sign , I decided to join the campaign ( even though there is a slim chance I may vote for Cynthia McKinney ) .
I envisioned my high school government teacher Mr. Zeigler ’s basement walls covered in plywood signs from Kennedy to Dukakis , as well as a cabin on Southfork Mountain that was sided with these sturdy signs .
I thought maybe I would start a historical collection of campaign signs documenting my children ’s life through the candidates I voted for in their youth .
You can imagine my disappointment when my plastic bag Obama sign arrived .
Oh , my plastic bag Obama sign is not just any old plastic bag banned throughout the world for shoppers , but it is a union - made , recyclable bag .
This bag proudly displays the union USWA label local 3210 , as well as a gentle reminder to “ please recycle ” .
I ’m not sure what steelworkers are doing making plastic bags ( or if I am reading the label correctly , perhaps it is an endorsement ? ) , and I wish the sign was made from post - consumer recycled plastic content .
Will my Obama plastic bag sign withstand the fall wind and rain and make it to the November elections ?
Where will it end up when the election is over ?
Will it be reused in a trash can , taken to the recycling center , upcycled in a weaving project , or used in the garden ?
If you knew what a remote place I live in , you would find it funny I would put a campaign sign in the yard for the non-voting deer population .
I thought of putting the sign at the top of our quarter - mile driveway where five cars a day might see it , but then I worried it would become a place for target practice once rifle hunting season begins in a couple of weeks .
The sign has become something of a joke amongst our “ out - of - town ” friends , and it has been photographed on more than one occasion .
My Obama plastic bag has me thinking … What would be the most eco-friendly campaign sign ?
Yesteryear ’s plywood signs were certainly chock - full of chemicals , such as formaldehyde , and plastic bags are certainly a cheaper option .
What about a hemp canvas sign ?
I ’d like to see the candidate with nerve to campaign on sustainable hemp .
That might truly be an environmental candidate !
Images : Jennifer Lance
Related posts on Obama and the environment :
At the height of popularity of the Bush administration -- the federal government entrapped and subsequently imprisoned Tommy Chong .
Josh Gilbert began documenting the federal case against his long time friend and counter - culture icon for the terrible crime of selling bongs .
This film examines the personal effects on Tommy , the motivations and tactics of the politicized Justice Department under George Bush , set against the back drop of the War on Drugs and the legal issues involved .
Written by Josh Gilbert
By Jennifer Yousfi
Managing Editor
A government - backed rescue of Fannie Mae ( FNM ) and Freddie Mac ( FRE ) could end up costing $ 25 billion in taxpayer money according to a letter released yesterday ( Tuesday ) by the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) .
The letter from the CBO , addressed to Congress , stated there is “ a significant chance — probably better than 50 % — that the proposed new Treasury authority " to lend Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac money or buy their stock would not be needed before the authority ’s expiration date at the end of 2009 .
However , if the authority were exercised , the tab for the government ’s aid could easily top the CBO ’s $ 25 billion estimate .
“ I am well aware that financial market and housing challenges continue to concern America 's families .
Progress will not come in a straight line , and we need to remain patient as we work through these challenges , ” Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said in a speech yesterday during his visit to New York City to drum up Wall Street support for his plan to rescue Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Paulson remains committed to government aid for the struggling lending giants , despite the potential $ 25 billion price tag for taxpayers .
Together , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac secure almost half of the $ 12 trillion U.S. home mortgage market .
“ We need to act in the short - term because the [ government - sponsored entities ] are vital institutions in our capital markets today and are vital to emerging from the housing correction , ” Paulson said in a speech in New York , Bloomberg News reported .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are among the “ most interconnected of all global financial institutions , ” he said , referring to the large number of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities held by financial institutions worldwide .
Lawmakers are expected to vote this week on the Bush Administration ’s plan to help Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac through their current liquidity crisis .
Paulson has been one of the most vocal advocates for government intervention .
“ This is about not only our housing markets , but it 's about our capital markets more broadly , ” Paulson said yesterday in a Bloomberg Television interview .
“ This goes well beyond the two institutions — Fannie and Freddie — it has to do with investors in the United States and investors all over the world . ”
It 's rare indeed when we raise a toast to a failed downtown renovation project .
But where the Duke Studio Condos are concerned , that time has officially and happily come -- with the added bonus of still more good news , the reported transformation of the site to a Sheraton hotel property .
For those who are new to to the matter , we 're talking about the old hotel on Willard St. abutting Duke St. , near American Tobacco -- a one - time Ramada Inn and later Crown Park Hotel that Durham Centre developer Frank Wittenberg promised to redevelop as the Duke Studio Condos .
Surprisingly , the scheme to slap some Estee Lauder on the porcine structure and parcel it off as condos went nowhere ; whether due to the high ( on a per sq. ft. basis ) price or the eyebrow - raising monthly utilities and HOA dues , we 'll never know .
Last time we checked in on this little slice of ugly , the property owner , one DB Durham LLC , seemingly connected to a Florida - based lender , had announced the cancellation of the condo project and the property 's sale , as of November 2007 .
It appears now that most members of the FCC have voted in favor of Mr. Martin 's proposal and that Comcast will be facing some sort of punishment soon .
Comcast is the United States ' largest cable company but has been in the news over the last year for violating net neutrality laws by throttling BitTorrent traffic and not allowing its users free access to the Internet .
Three out of the five commissioners have already voted in favor of the punishment , which is obviously a majority .
However , the remaining two commissioners still need to vote for the decision to be final .
That should be completed by August 1st .
Chairman Martin did note however that any punishment would not include a fine .
It will most likely " require Comcast to stop its practice of blocking ; provide details to the commission on the extent and manner in which the practice has been used ; and to disclose to consumers details on future plans for managing its network going forward .
" Martin said today .
PARIS —
The financial crisis that began in the United States spread to many corners of the globe .
Now , the American bailout looks as if it is going global , too , a move that could raise its cost and intensify scrutiny by Congress and critics .
Foreign banks , which were initially excluded from the plan , lobbied successfully over the weekend to be able to sell the toxic American mortgage debt owned by their American units to the Treasury , getting the same treatment as United States banks .
On Sunday , the Treasury secretary , Henry M. Paulson Jr. , indicated in a series of appearances on morning talk shows that an original proposal introduced on Saturday had been widened .
“ It ’s a distinction without a difference whether it ’s a foreign or a U.S. one , ” he said in an interview with Fox News .
The prospect of being locked out of the bailout set off alarm bells among chief executives of overseas banks whose American affiliates also hold distressed mortgage - related assets , like Barclays and UBS .
The original text provided access to the $ 700 billion bailout for any financial institution based in the United States .
This is one of the first images taken by the DC - 8 aircraft which observed the re-entry of Jules Verne ATV over the Pacific Ocean .
GLASGOW , Scotland — Europe 's unmanned space cargo vehicle successfully reentered theatmosphere over the south Pacific Ocean Sept. 29 , breaking up into dozens offragments that fell into the ocean along a pre-selected path that had beencleared of maritime traffic , European Space Agency ( ESA ) officials said .
Programmanagers expect that photographic data from twoaircraft ESA hired from NASA , and an imager aboard the international spacestation flying overhead at the time , will provide precise data on the amount ofdebris that survived reentry .
The agencyreleased pictures of the reentry Sept. 29 that had been taken from one of theNASA planes .
The photos showed what they said was ATV as it burned up intoseveral pieces .
The reentry had been planned to occur at night to facilitatephotography of the event .
TheAutomated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) undocked from the space station Sept. 5 andthen was guided into position under the station .
It had been launched March 9to deliver food , water , fuel and supplies to the station .
ESAcontracted with NASA to lease twospecially fitted aircraft , a Gulfstream 5 and a DC - 8 , to be in the vicinity ofthe predicted atmospheric reentry .
ATVmanagers had estimated that the vehicle , which had been filled with garbagefrom the space station before undocking , would weigh about 13,400 kilograms onreentry into the atmosphere at an altitude of about 120 kilometers .
Simulationstudies concluded that it would break up into some 600 pieces weighing between10 and 150 kilograms each .
Of these , several dozen were expected to survive thedescent and to fall into the ocean .
Bycomparison , Russia 's Mirspace station weighed more than 100,000 kilograms when it reentered theatmosphere , also in the South Pacific , in 2001 .
ATVcontrollers had advised maritime authorities in the region that a no - go zonemeasuring 2,700 kilometers long and 200 kilometers wide should be established .
ESA is expectedto ask its 17 member governments in November for funds to enhance ATV so thatit is capable of surviving reentry to return space station cargo .
SimonettaDi Pippo , ESA 's director of human spaceflight , said the successful completionof the ATV mission should help persuade ESA governments that it is worth 200 million euros ( $ 300 million ) to transform ATV from a one - way asset into avehicle capable of returning several hundred kilograms of experiments back toEarth .
" Thehardest part of the ATV mission had already been accomplished with therendezvous and docking with the station , " Di Pippo said here at the International Astronautical Congress .
" But we still needed to demonstratethe full mission capability .
We have now done that today . "
Under fire for his assertion that the American economy is fundamentally sound , John McCain moved Tuesday to assure voters of his empathy and accused Barack Obama of attempting to take political advantage of the roiling Wall Street crisis .
Obama on Tuesday castigated McCain as having been “ scornful ” of the very Wall Street regulations he was now espousing , and he launched television ads mocking McCain ’s Monday statement .
The Arizona senator spent seven national TV interviews and two campaign events seeking to make it clear that he understood the depth of concern about the rocky economy .
“ Too many people on Wall Street have been recklessly wagering instead of making the sound investments we expected of them , ” McCain said at a rally in Tampa , Fla. , before he traveled to Ohio for an event with running mate Sarah Palin .
“ And when their companies collapse , it seems only the CEOs escape the consequences .
Advertisement
“ Too many firms on Wall Street have been able to count on casual oversight , ” McCain said .
“ And there are so many of these regulators that the responsibility for oversight is scattered , unfocused and ineffective . ”
In Ohio , he sought to shift attention to the Illinois senator .
“ Sen . Obama is not interested in the politics of hope , ” McCain said .
“ He ’s interested in his political future . ”
Obama , speaking on the Wall Street turmoil , assailed McCain for proposing an inquiry into the regulatory system ’s failures , along the lines of the effort that explored the Sept. 11 attacks .
McCain “ offered up the oldest Washington stunt in the book :
You pass the buck to a commission , ” Obama told supporters in Golden , Colo. , before heading to Los Angeles for two fundraisers .
“ But here ’s the thing , ” he added .
“ This is n’t 9/11 .
We know how we got into this mess .
What we need now is leadership that gets us out .
I ’ll provide it .
John McCain wo n’t . ”
Advertisement
Obama touted his own proposals to tighten regulation of Wall Street firms whose potential collapse could put taxpayers at risk , and he faulted McCain for past statements that disapproved of what the Republican described as excessive regulation of the finance industry .
“ John McCain ca n’t be trusted to reestablish proper oversight of our financial markets for one simple reason :
He has shown time and again that he does not believe in it , ” the Democratic nominee said .
The economy and the fate of financial institutions took control of the campaign for the second consecutive day Tuesday , with both tickets trying to assert dominance .
Dual ads aired in key states .
Obama ’s asked : “ How can John McCain fix our economy if he does n’t understand it ’s broken ? ” McCain ’s said : “ Your savings , your jobs .
I ’ll keep them safe . ”
But McCain was operating from a defensive posture , after his expression of confidence in the economy at a rally Monday in Jacksonville , Fla. , on the same day the stock market slid more than 500 points .
Advertisement
“ There ’s been tremendous turmoil in our financial markets on Wall Street .
And there is -- people are frightened by these events , ” McCain said Monday .
“ Our economy , I think , still , the fundamentals of our economy are strong .
But these are very , very difficult times . ”
By Tuesday morning , McCain was in damage - control mode in TV interviews .
On CBS , interviewer Harry Smith noted McCain ’s rosier Monday assessment , and his Tuesday ad that said “ the economy is in crisis . ”
“ Which is it ? ” Smith asked .
“ Well , the economy ’s in crisis , ” McCain said .
Advertisement
--
michael.finnegan@latimes.com
noam.levey@latimes.com
Finnegan reported from Colorado and Levey from Ohio .
Times staff writers Cathleen Decker and Faye Fiore contributed to this report .
When I was 9 or so , I was convinced I could write my own operating system in GW - BASIC .
After all , I had written programs that played Mary Had a Little Lamb on the PC speaker while displaying CGA graphics .
How much harder could an operating system be ?
One thing had me stumped .
How would I get my OS to multitask ?
After giving it some thought , the best idea I could come up with was to write the programs for my “ OS ” in such a way that they would occasionally perform a GOSUB or GOTO to parts of other programs .
By using a lot of mental handwaving to myself , I was convinced I could somehow make it work .
But the details came back to bite me .
I never pulled it off .
I put it aside and worked on other things .
I just assumed that something magical happened under the covers .
My bedtime reading of magazines like PC / Computing convinced me that the magical solution to the problem included buzzwords like “ preemptive multitasking ” and “ multithreading . ”
Both of these ideas were in the upcoming Windows NT 3.1 design .
I did n’t really understand what these buzzwords meant , but at least they sounded impressive .
Even though I ’ve learned a bit more about writing programs that can do more than one thing at a time since those early days , I still have points where I do n’t understand exactly what is going on .
Recently , I decided that I wanted to stop my handwaving about locks and do whatever it took to find out how they , well … lock .
A View from the Top
Locks let you express your belief that something bad might happen if two threads go through a section of code at the same time .
Locks are present in many languages .
Here ’s an example of one in C# :
object syncRoot = new object ( ) ; private void MyFunction ( ) { lock ( syncRoot ) { // only one thread can enter this locked gate at a time .
} }
The above lock creates a “ gate ” that only allows one thread at a time regardless of what that thread is doing .
This is often too pessimistic and inefficient .
In a lot of cases , it does n’t matter if multiple threads are reading a piece of data at the same time .
However , we want to make sure that there is only one writer at a time .
Furthermore , we want to make sure that the readers do n’t see corrupted garbage .
A lock that is optimized for allowing multiple readers at a time while still being consistent in the face of writers is called a reader / writer lock .
Here ’s an example of some typical code you might see in an application that has to cache objects that take a long time to create :
private readonly Dictionary < string , ReallyExpensiveObject > expensiveObjectCache = new Dictionary < string , ReallyExpensiveObject >( ) ; private readonly ReaderWriterLock rwl = new ReaderWriterLock ( ) ; public ReallyExpensiveObject GetExpensiveObject ( string key ) { ReallyExpensiveObject expensiveObject ; rwl .
AcquireReaderLock ( Timeout .
Infinite ) ; try { if ( this .
expensiveObjectCache .
TryGetValue ( key , out expensiveObject ) ) { //
Cache hit return expensiveObject ; } //
Cache miss LockCookie cookie ; cookie = rwl .
UpgradeToWriterLock ( Timeout .
Infinite ) ; try { expensiveObject = new ReallyExpensiveObject ( ) ; expensiveObjectCache [ key ] = expensiveObject ; return expensiveObject ; } finally { rwl .
DowngradeFromWriterLock ( ref cookie ) ; } } finally { rwl .
ReleaseReaderLock ( ) ; } }
This code will allow more than one reader at a time and will handle the case of upgrading the read lock to a write lock if it needs to insert an item into the cache .
The code is a bit long and tedious to write . [ 1 ]
Even worse , it has a very subtle bug in it that we ’ll look at later .
We first need to understand what is going on inside a lock .
Since reader / writer locks are usually more interesting than a normal lock , we ’ll focus on the details of a reader / writer lock implementation . [ 2 ]
Entering an Internal Lock
Locks themselves have internal data that they must protect from corruption by competing threads .
This internal data includes the number of active readers and how many threads are waiting to write data .
In order to provide this protection , locks must enter an internal lock .
For simplicity , locks usually have a single variable that indicates if a thread has acquired the internal lock .
I ’ll illustrate this and other concepts by posting snippets from Vance Morrison ’s excellent reader - writer lock sample : [ 3 ]
private void EnterMyLock ( ) { if ( Interlocked .
CompareExchange ( ref myLock , 1 , 0 ) != 0 ) EnterMyLockSpin ( ) ; }
In Vance ’s code , a member variable named “ myLock ” is set to 1 if the lock is held , otherwise it is 0 .
The Interlocked .
CompareExchange function is interesting because it does two things .
If “ myLock ” is 0 , then it is set to 1 .
If “ myLock ” does n’t equal 0 , then we know that someone else has the internal lock .
The documentation says that “ the compare and exchange operations are performed as an atomic operation . ”
I was curious how this actually worked , so I looked at .
NET ’s source code and eventually hit this wall :
[ MethodImplAttribute ( MethodImplOptions.
InternalCall ) ]
[ ReliabilityContract ( Consistency.WillNotCorruptState , Cer.Success ) ] public static extern int Exchange ( ref int location1 , int value ) ;
In my earlier .NET days , I would have given up at this point .
The “ InternalCall ” attribute indicates that the CLR handles the call internally .
It seemed like I would never quite know what happened inside this mysterious internal call .
And then I met Rotor .
Inside an InternalCall
Rotor lets you look at the CLR ’s internals that are mostly written in C++ with a small amount of assembly code . [ 4 ]
If you navigate through several layers of function calls , you ’ll see that Interlocked .
CompareExchange ultimately reaches this function in clr / src/vm/i386/asmhelpers.asm that is written in x86 assembly : [ 5 ]
FASTCALL_FUNC CompareExchangeMP , 12 _ASSERT_ALIGNED_4_X86 ecx mov eax , [ esp + 4 ] ; Comparand cmpxchg [ ecx ] , edx retn 4 ; result in EAX FASTCALL_ENDFUNC CompareExchangeMP
By far , the most interesting aspect of this is the “ lock cmpxchg ” line .
Besides giving gamers power to play DOOM , the 486 chip introduced a “ cmpxchg ” instruction that will both compare a value and exchange it with a new value if the comparison succeeds .
It does this in a single CPU instruction .
This is how the documentation can claim that it is an “ atomic ” operation .
We ’ll see why it ’s very important to do this in a single instruction a bit later .
The “ lock ” prefix is used to tell the CPU to assert a physical signal so that no other core can access memory at the same time . [ 6 ]
This hardware locking is how the “ myLock ” variable can remain safe from simultaneous access by other cores .
But now what happens if another thread already had the internal lock ?
Spinlocks
When locks need to wait on the internal lock , they typically use a spinlock .
This tells the processor to essentially spin around in circles in order to waste a little bit of time so that the thread that has the internal lock can possibly finish what it is doing and exit the lock .
Here ’s an example from Vance ’s code of how a spinlock is performed :
private void EnterMyLockSpin ( ) { for ( int i = 0 ; ; i ++ ) { if ( i < 3 && Environment .
ProcessorCount > 1 ) Thread .
SpinWait ( 20 ) ; //
Wait a few dozen instructions to let another processor release the lock .
else Thread .
Sleep ( 0 ) ; //
Give up my quantum .
if ( Interlocked .
CompareExchange ( ref myLock , 1 , 0 ) == 0 ) return ; } }
It ’s a basic for loop that has a few interesting bits .
The first thing to notice is that this loop will keep going until the CompareExchange succeeds .
That is , until we acquire the internal lock .
On a multiprocessor system , it will try a Thread .
SpinWait for 3 times .
The documentation for SpinWait is a bit confusing about what it does with the “ 20 ” argument :
SpinWait essentially puts the processor into a very tight loop , with the loop count specified by the iterations parameter .
The duration of the wait therefore depends on the speed of the processor .
What exactly is it doing ?
Looking at Rotor ’s clr /src/vm/comsynchronizable.cpp gives us the reality :
FCIMPL1 ( void , ThreadNative :: SpinWait , int iterations ) { WRAPPER_CONTRACT ; STATIC_CONTRACT_SO_TOLERANT
; for ( int i = 0 ; i < iterations ; i ++ ) YieldProcessor ( ) ; } FCIMPLEND
Further diving shows that “ YieldProcessor ” is this macro :
# define YieldProcessor ( ) __asm { rep nop }
This is a “ repeat no - op ” assembly instruction .
It ’s also known in the Intel instruction set manual as “ PAUSE - Spin Loop Hint . ” [ 7 ]
This means that the CPU knows about the spin waiting that we ’re wanting to accomplish .
As the documentation hinted , the time spent waiting is dependant upon the clock rate of the machine .
In my case , I have an EE6600 Core 2 Duo where each core runs at 2.4 GHz , and it ’s about 3.4 nanoseconds for each “ YieldProcessor ” call . [ 8 ]
This means it takes approximately 70 nanoseconds for 20 iterations .
Three unsuccessful passes through this loop will cost about 210 nanoseconds .
I ’m sure that if reader / writer locks had cheerleaders inside of them , they would be shouting in hope that the spin wait used enough time so that the thread that had the internal lock that is protected by the “ cmpxchg ” will have released it .
Why does the lock try so hard to get by with only a spin wait ?
In a word : speed .
By not being able to satisfy the request with a spin wait , the thread gives up and goes to sleep .
This requires intervention by the OS to potentially swap it out and run a different thread that that has been waiting .
By letting another thread run , there is a chance that the CPU will have to toss out its onboard cache only to fetch it back when the thread gets swapped back in .
All of this could potentially add up to hundreds of thousands of CPU cycles that are n’t being used to get “ real ” work done . [ 9 ]
How Does a Thread Sleep ?
How Does it Know When to Wake Up ?
Windows keeps track of the state of each thread in your system . [ 10 ]
Here ’s a simplified thread state chart from the excellent Windows Internals book :
When your thread is “ Running ” and is interrupted because its time - slice ran out or it voluntarily gave up its time slice by using a Sleep ( 0 ) request , the OS will save the state of what it is doing by performing a context switch .
The fact that this switch can occur at any time is why it was critical that the CompareExchange code execute in a single CPU instruction that cannot be interrupted .
If it did n’t , it would be possible to put the lock in an inconsistent state between the compare and the exchange .
When the Sleep ( 0 ) call is made , the thread is put in a “ Ready ” queue meaning that it ’s “ ready ” to run and not waiting on anything . [ 11 ]
While we ’re at this chart , it ’s important to note that one of the possible thread states is “ waiting . ”
Windows will keep track of the events that a thread is waiting on .
Events are useful for signaling between threads .
For example , a reader / writer lock can “ signal ” other threads by informing the OS that an event has been “ set . ”
What happens next inside of the thread scheduler / dispatcher depends on the type of event that was set : [ 12 ]
AutoResetEvent :
In this case , only a single thread that is waiting for the event will be put into the “ ready ” queue .
Anyone else that is waiting for the event stays in the waiting queue .
This is useful for releasing exactly one writer .
ManualResetEvent :
When signaled , Windows will update all of the threads that are waiting on the event to be moved into the ready queue .
Effectively , it releases them all .
This is useful for releasing all waiting readers .
What ’s important to realize is that we have the cooperation of the thread dispatcher in the OS to obey the thread states .
By simply being in the waiting queue , the threads are n’t even considered to be scheduled to run and thus consume no real CPU time .
Putting It All Together
It ’s been a long journey , but we now have all the background information we need in order to understand how a reader / writer lock actually locks :
Acquiring a Read Lock :
Enter the internal lock ( spin wait or sleep as necessary )
Look to see
If there is anyone writing
If no one is writing and no writers are waiting , just increase the number of readers .
This is the happy path .
If a writer is writing , tell the OS that we want to wait until the “ ready for readers ” event is set .
Exit the internal lock .
Exiting a read lock :
Enter the internal lock Decrement the total number of readers .
Check the total number of readers remaining
If there are still readers remaining , then make sure that all waiting readers have been released so they can run .
If there are no readers left and there is at least one writer waiting , signal the appropriate event so that exactly one of the waiting writers wakes up and will get the lock .
Exit the internal lock .
Acquiring a write lock :
Enter the internal lock Check the number of readers or if there is an active writer in progress .
In addition , check to see if there are any in line waiting to do either .
If there are no readers or writers , record that we ’re writing .
This is the happy path .
Otherwise wait for our turn in line on the write queue by waiting on the “ ready for writing ” event .
Exit the internal lock
Exiting a write lock :
Enter the internal lock Check how many readers or writers are waiting
If there are no waiting writers , immediately signal all readers at once .
Alternatively , release one writer that has been waiting .
Exit the internal lock .
As it turned out , the locks themselves are fairly simple .
They just had a few pieces that came together in interesting ways .
The Problem of the Upgrades
There ’s a subtle problem with reader / writer locks :
Imagine that two threads are both in a read lock and then they both decide that they need to upgrade to a write lock .
Because a writer must wait for all readers to finish before acquiring a write lock , there seems to be a deadlock scenario since neither one wants to give up its read lock .
The secret trick is that they indeed must give up their read lock if there are any other active readers .
This forces a correct implementation to do something like this when performing an upgrade :
// Cache miss LockCookie cookie ; int writerSeqNum = rwl .
WriterSeqNum ; cookie = rwl .
UpgradeToWriterLock ( Timeout .
Infinite ) ; try { if ( rwl .
AnyWritersSince ( writerSeqNum ) ) { //
Since another writer snuck in , we might no longer need // to create a new object .
Let 's check again to see if we // need to do this .
if ( this .
expensiveObjectCache .
TryGetValue ( key , out expensiveObjectCache ) ) { //
The other writer (s ) must have created it return expensiveObjectCache ; } } //
Other writers did n't sneak in , so we know we need to create // the object .
expensiveObject = new ReallyExpensiveObject ( ) ; expensiveObjectCache [ key ] = expensiveObject ; return expensiveObject ; } finally { rwl .
DowngradeFromWriterLock ( ref cookie ) ; }
Each time a writer lock is acquired , the WriterSeqNum is incremented .
The “ AnyWritersSince ” function will check to see if any writers have occurred since the moment just before we upgraded .
If this is true , then it means that another writer might have come in and thus we need to recheck our assumptions .
This is just one way to handle the upgrade problem . [ 13 ]
As Joe Duffy explained on his blog , the new ReaderWriterLockSlim gets around the upgrade problem by introducing an “ UpgradeableRead . ”
When a thread enters an upgradeable read , the lock will force all subsequent readers to wait until the thread decides if it wants to upgrade .
In the mean time , existing readers are allowed to finish .
If an upgrade is requested , the lock will wait until no more readers are present .
This preserves the integrity of the data .
Here ’s a full example :
private ReaderWriterLockSlim slimLock = new ReaderWriterLockSlim ( ) ; public ReallyExpensiveObject GetExpensiveObjectSlim ( string key ) { ReallyExpensiveObject expensiveObject ; bool upgraded = true ; this .
slimLock . EnterUpgradeableReadLock ( ) ; try { if ( this .
expensiveObjectCache .
TryGetValue ( key , out expensiveObject ) ) { //
Cache hit upgraded = false ; return expensiveObject ; } //
Cache miss this .
slimLock .
EnterWriteLock ( ) ; try { expensiveObject = new ReallyExpensiveObject ( ) ; expensiveObjectCache [ key ] = expensiveObject ; return expensiveObject ; } finally { this .
slimLock .
ExitWriteLock ( ) ; } } finally { slimLock .
ExitUpgradeableReadLock ( ) ; } }
While showing the full syntax needed , it ’s a bad example of using a ReaderWriterLockSlim since it does n’t allow for multiple readers .
The code might perform better by just entering a read lock if reads occur much more frequently than writes .
If the a write is actually needed , then a subsequent write lock can be acquired and a double check can occur to see if a write is still needed .
Alternatively , a classic Monitor style lock can be used .
Conclusion : Why Should I Care About the Details ?
Our journey has taken us from the high level of using a reader / writer lock to the low level of a single signal on the processor bus .
Knowing this low level “ goo ” is helpful for a few reasons :
Ideally , lock sections should be kept small so that no lock contention occurs in the first place so that we do n’t need to “ spin wait ” at all ( to acquire the internal lock ) .
Since readers are released all at once via an event , it shows how a reader / writer lock gets its performance benefit over a normal Monitor lock that would force waiting readers to wait in a line to get released one - by - one .
We now can see that locks are n’t magic at all .
They just have a few moving parts .
With a better understanding of locks , I ’ll focus my handwaving on other concepts … like building a work - stealing thread pool .
UPDATE 30 Sep 2008 : I fixed the footnote links and updated conclusion # 1 based off comments .
UPDATE 3 Oct 2008 : I updated the paragraph discussing why spin waits can be helpful based off some good discussion in the comments .
Notes
( This article had a few places where I made some claims .
I ’m sure I probably got some things wrong or might have misunderstood something in my explorations .
I ’m putting notes here to give background of what I was thinking when I wrote the post .
Please feel free to correct me and keep me honest via comments for the benefit of others )
[ 1 ]
If performance is n’t insanely critical , you can create your own lock and have helper methods like “ EnterScopedRead ” that return an IDisposable object that will automatically release the lock when it ’s disposed .
Then , you can use a C# “ using ” statement with it to reduce some of the code clutter .
[ 2 ] I still think that reader / writer locks are more interesting than normal Monitor type locks .
However , if you have a relatively balanced number of readers and writers ( e.g. no clear readers majority ) , then Monitors make more sense since they ’re slightly faster .
However , the code that Monitors uses a lot more assembly code for performance reasons and thus is often harder to understand .
[ 3 ]
Even a cursory look at the source code of .NET 3.5 ’s new ReaderWriterLockSlim in Reflector shows that Vance ’s lock code was the basis for it .
ReaderWriterLockSlim is slightly more complex to handle cases like a recursive lock ( e.g. acquiring a read lock when you have a write lock ) , but the core ideas remain the same .
[ 4 ]
To be technically correct , Rotor is n’t exactly what the commercial CLR is .
Some of the aspects like the garbage collector and the Just In Time ( JIT ) compiler are different due to trade secrets .
However , I do n’t think the parts I ’ll be mentioning here are different between the reference implementation and the actual commercial implementation .
For more details on Rotor , I recommend reading Joel Pobar and Ted Neward ’s new book on Rotor 2.0 .
[ 5 ]
Things are n’t quite that simple .
The first thing to realize is that the CLR has a Platform Adaptation Layer ( PAL ) that handles all architecture specific code .
Thus , there can be equivalent assembly code for other chips like the PowerPC which is located in clr / src /vm / ppc .
Furthermore , the actual x86 code can be one of these two functions :
FASTCALL_FUNC CompareExchangeUP , 12 _ASSERT_ALIGNED_4_X86 ecx mov eax , [ esp + 4 ] ; Comparand cmpxchg [ ecx ] , edx retn 4 ; result in EAX FASTCALL_ENDFUNC CompareExchangeUP
or
FASTCALL_FUNC CompareExchangeMP , 12 _ASSERT_ALIGNED_4_X86 ecx mov eax , [ esp + 4 ] ; Comparand lock cmpxchg [ ecx ] , edx retn 4 ; result in EAX FASTCALL_ENDFUNC CompareExchangeMP
If you look at cgenx 86.cpp , you ’ll see that CompareExchangeUP is the default and the CompareExchangeMP is used if your system has more than one processor :
CmpXchgOps FastInterlockCompareExchange = ( CmpXchgOps ) CompareExchangeUP
; //
Adjust the generic interlocked operations for any platform specific ones we // might have .
void InitFastInterlockOps () { ... if ( g_SystemInfo .
dwNumberOfProcessors != 1 ) { ... FastInterlockCompareExchange = ( CmpXchgOps ) CompareExchangeMP ; ... } ... }
From this , I was able to determine that “ CompareExchangeUP ” is for uniprocessor machines and “ CompareExchangeMP ” is for multiprocessor machines .
If you look at the code carefully , you ’ll notice that the only difference is that the uniprocessor version does n’t bother locking the processor bus .
This is safe because there is no chance of simultaneous memory access .
[ 6 ]
The truth is a little bit more complicated , but more interesting .
The Intel 64 and IA - 32 Architectures Software Developer ’s Manual - Volume 3A : System Programming Guide , Part 1 tells us :
7.1.4 Effects of a LOCK Operation on Internal Processor Caches .
For the Intel486 and Pentium processors , the LOCK # signal is always asserted on the bus during a LOCK operation , even if the area of memory being locked is cached in the processor .
For the P6 and more recent processor families , if the area of memory being locked during a LOCK operation is cached in the processor that is performing the LOCK operation as write - back memory and is completely contained in a cache line , the processor may not assert the LOCK # signal on the bus .
Instead , it will modify the memory location internally and allow [ its ] cache coherency mechanism to insure that the operation is carried out atomically .
This operation is called “ cache locking . ”
The cache coherency mechanism automatically prevents two or more processors that have the same area of memory from simultaneously modifying data in that area .
( emphasis added )
Here we learn that the P6 and newer chips are smart enough to determine if they really have to block off the bus or can just rely on intelligent caching .
I think this is a neat optimization .
[ 7 ]
I think the “ PAUSE ” instruction is an interesting example of how Intel allows for backwards compatibility .
Its opcode of “ F3 90 ” makes it identical to “ REP NOP ” which will cause older processors to still do nothing , however newer chips use this odd opcode as a clear hint to do more efficient things .
[ 8 ]
If you ’re curious about where I came up with the numbers , look at this discussion on the Intel forums .
It ’s a bit hard to measure since context switches might skew the results .
My lowest run yielded numbers that indicate a nop took 0.34 clocks per instruction and that “ PAUSE ” took 8.21 clocks per instruction .
I did ( 2,400,000,000 clocks / second ) * ( 1 PAUSE / 8.21 clocks ) to get 292,326,431 PAUSEs / second or 3.42 ns / PAUSE .
[ 9 ]
UPDATE :
The original statement made a statement that this was 100,000 times slower .
After some good discussion in the comments , I ’m not going to claim specifics since it depends a lot on the machine ’s workload and a thread ’s working set .
It ’s interesting to note that Vance ’s original code gives up after only three tries of around 70ns each .
The ReaderWriterLockSlim that was ultimately derived from it keeps up the fight a little longer .
It does something like “ Thread .
SpinWait ( 20 * ( i + 1 ) ) ” which leads to a geometric back - off over time for a total of up to 10 iterations which yields the equivalent of 1100 “ YieldProcessor ” calls or approximately 3.76 microseconds .
This means it stays in the fight 1100 / 210 or 5.2 times longer .
( See the comments for more discussion on this )
[ 10 ]
It ’s important to realize that processes do n’t run on Windows , but threads do .
Although processes provide isolation boundaries , they require a thread to execute code .
[ 11 ] The Thread .
Sleep (0 ) call ultimately reaches the SleepEx API that has this documentation :
A[n argument value of ] zero causes the thread to relinquish the remainder of its time slice to any other thread of equal priority that is ready to run .
If there are no other threads of equal priority ready to run , the function returns immediately , and the thread continues execution .
It ’s interesting that ReaderWriterLockSlim does a Sleep ( 0 ) for 5 times before finally doing Sleep ( 1 ) until it reaches success .
I ’m assuming it does the Sleep ( 1 ) in order to protect users from themselves in the event that the thread that has the lock and then goes into a state where it ’s waiting on something ( e.g. I/O ) to occur .
Lock sensitive code should not be doing this , but it does n’t hurt to provide this forced 1 ms minimum delay .
If they did n’t do this , the thread that had the lock would remain on the waiting queue while waiting for I/O and this would potentially have the thread that needs the lock to immediately be put back on the run queue without burning much CPU time .
Finally , I ’m assuming that SleepEx ( 0 ) performs a software interrupt .
This is like a GOTO that jumps to a well known address that that handles the scheduling / dispatching of threads in the kernel .
[ 12 ]
I ’m simplifying things a bit here .
Threads can wait on multiple events at one time .
Therefore , setting one event might still mean that a thread is waiting on other events .
As an aside , it was only while researching this post that I realized why the WaitForMultipleObjects API is so useful .
By using it , you can eliminate a very costly process of putting your thread back on the ready queue and getting scheduled only to find out that it still needs to wait and thus go back on a the wait queue .
[ 13 ]
While the ReaderWriterLockSlim handles things properly , the early version that Vance posted will throw an error on a simultaneous upgrade .
This is technically another way to handle the upgrade problem :-) .
But that was before the canon came under fire from a pair of dive - bombing seagulls . [>
[>
A builder ’s hard hat is now an essential part of his clerical garb along with a trusty umbrella as he runs the gauntlet of angry birds . [>
[>
The two gulls built a nest and raised a chick in the grounds of St Petroc ’s Church in Bodmin , Cornwall .
Now they are vigilant sentries , keeping watch from the church roof , and anyone approaching will feel their wrath . [>
[>
Members of the congregation and mourners in the graveyard have been attacked , as well as the long - suffering Rev Minors , 63 . [>
AMK Reporting is pleased to announce our new specialization in tax law .
Whether we like it or not , taxes are an aspect of life we all must fulfill .
Because of that , tax law attorneys are at high demand– fulfilling work for clients who underwent fraud , or businesses in ...
Every Saturday , Cracked asks one of our favorite writers to fill in for us .
Our readers get to learn about an awesome site , and we get to take a day off to pursue our career goal of finding a big bag of money .
This week Cracked contributor Robert Brockway brings you a column from his honestly titled site I Fight Robots .
_______________________________
Like almost every other being on this planet with functional eyes and opposable thumbs , I 've spent the last month playing Grand Theft Auto IV and neglecting my loved ones .
I 've only just now gotten beyond the novelty factor of Liberty City enough to honestly consider the game itself , and I have reluctantly come to this conclusion :
It is shit .
It 's repetitive , poorly implemented , riddled with design flaws , awkward , and above all , glitchy .
Yet I understand every word of gushing praise .
Everything the reviewers say about the city and its scale is absolutely true .
It 's the little things that do it to you :
Like how the fast food workers at the various restaurants actually have different duties .
They come out from behind the counter and clean the tables .
They sweep the sidewalks out front and wash the windows .
Cars actually break down -- even when they 're not yours .
I 've driven by several random civilians causing massive traffic jams , standing in front of their overheated vehicles completely befuddled .
This city is the closest gaming has ever come to a real place , a real New York .
The flyers , the newspaper stands , and the grime -- all of these aspects pile up to make a truly living , breathing environment .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It is indeed one of the single most impressive achievements in gaming ... so it 's just too bad that Rockstar layered an irreparably flawed game on top of it .
It should n't surprise anyone .
The actual gameplay in Grand Theft Auto IV is nearly identical to every GTA before it , and gameplay has never been their strong suit .
They 've added and tweaked , to be sure , but it 's almost universally for the worse .
Or maybe the flaws just stand out more this time because of how great it could have been .
In any case , here are the five most infuriating :
LUXOR Egypt
Tomb of Ramses IV
in Valley of the Kings
The Valley of the Kings inis one of the most visited tourist site in Egypt ..
The tomb of Ramses IV is one of the best preserved .
It is is almost intact and with large decorations with scenes from the Litany of Ra , Book of Caverns , Book of the Dead , Book of Amduat and the Book of the Heaven .
The panorama is from the burial chamber with the sarcophagus painted with scenes from the Book of the Gates and the Amduat .
Ubiquity is an experimental Firefox plugin .
It 's a " graphical command line " similar to QuickSilver on the Macintosh .
You can easily add your own commands to Ubiquity .
The following article shows how to create a Hoogle search command that looks up Haskell functions by name or by type signature .
You can press Return or click on one the links in the preview .
Installing the easy way : Subscribing to the command
First , install Ubiquity .
Then visit the command 's web page , and click Subscribe ... when prompted by Firefox .
You 'll see a scary warning screen , complete with source code .
The button to install the command is at the bottom .
You can bring up Ubiquity by typing Option - Space ( on the Mac ) or Control - Space ( everywhere else ) .
Installing manually : Creating the command
If you 'd prefer to hack on your new command a bit , you also have the option of installing it manually .
Bring up the Ubiquity interface , and type in command - editor , press Return , and paste in the following code :
// Search Hoogle .
Based on Ubiquity 's standard " Google " command .
makeSearchCommand ( { name : " Hoogle " , url : " http://www.haskell.org/hoogle/?hoogle={QUERY} " , icon : " http://www.haskell.org/hoogle/res/favicon.png " , description : " Searches Hoogle for Haskell functions and types . " , preview : function ( pBlock , directObj ) { if ( ! directObj . text || directObj .
text .
length < 1 ) { pBlock .
innerHTML = " Searches Hoogle for the given function or type . " ; return ; } pBlock .
innerHTML = " Searches Hoogle for < code > " + directObj . text + " </ code > " ; var url = " http://www.haskell.org/hoogle/ " ; var params = { hoogle : directObj .
text , mode : " suggest " } ; jQuery .
get ( url , params , function ( data ) { var preview = " Searched Hoogle for < code > " + directObj . text + " </ code > : " ; var results = data [ 1 ] ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < results .
length ; i ++ ) { var name = results [ i ] ; var url = " http://www.haskell.org/hoogle/?hoogle= " + escape ( name ) ; preview += " < br />< code > < u >< a href= \ " " + url + " \ " > " + name +
" </a></u></code > " ; } pBlock .
innerHTML = preview ; } , " json " ) ; } } ) ;
You do n't need to save the code .
Ubiquity will do that for you automatically .
Searching for identifiers
Bring up Ubiquity , and start typing hoogle .
The first two or three letters will generally be enough .
Now start typing the identifier you want to search for :
Note that you can click on putStr or putStrLn in the window above , or simply press Return .
Searching for selected strings
You can also select a string anywhere on a web page and look it up using Hoogle .
Searching for types
You can search for Haskell functions by type signature .
This does n't show any search results until you press Return , because Hoogle does n't offer search suggestions for type signatures .
What 's next ?
Right now , this search command offers a very limited previews .
With a bit of help from Hoogle , it would be easy to display type signatures , documentation , and other information in the preview window .
To do this , Hoogle would need a mode=preview command that returned the necessary information using JSON .
Many thanks to Neil Mitchell for Hoogle , and to the Ubiquity team for a useful new plugin !
Updated : Added new section on subscribing to the command .
Samak Sundaravej was appointed Thailand 's prime minister in January Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej has said he will not resign , despite mounting anti-government protests .
Mr Samak earlier held an unexpected meeting with King Bhumibol Adulyadej , who normally stays above politics .
Thousands of protesters continue to occupy government offices in Bangkok , two provincial airports remain closed , and rail travel has been disrupted .
The protesters accuse the government of being a front for the exiled former Prime Minister , Thaksin Shinawatra .
See a map of key protest areas in Bangkok Mr Thaksin was ousted by a military coup in 2006 and has fled the country to avoid facing trial over corruption charges .
' Threats '
As the political unrest continued across Thailand on Friday , Mr Samak flew to the coastal town of Hua Hin to brief King Bhumibol on the political situation .
The protest has already developed into a people 's revolution
Protest leader Sondhi Limthongkul
Q&A : Bangkok protests Rifts behind the political crisis Profile : Samak Sundaravej
The BBC's Jonathan Head in Bangkok says the king normally keeps out of political squabbles , but what started as a last - ditch attempt to force out the prime minister by a die - hard group of protestors , has in the space of 24 hours turned into a national crisis .
Earlier , military and government sources told the BBC that the army commander , Gen Anupong Paochinda , who until this week had stood by the prime minister , had told him he had no choice but to resign .
But in a televised ceremony honouring the royal family on Saturday , Mr Samak again reiterated his refusal to step down , saying he had " come to office in the appropriate way " when his People Power Party ( PPP ) was elected .
" I will never resign in response to these threats , " he said .
" I came to this job under a legal mandate .
I will only go if the law does not allow me to stay and not simply because someone issues threats and puts pressure on me , " he added .
Later , one of the protest leaders repeated a promise that they would not to relent until Mr Samak had been forced out of office .
" The protest has already developed into a people 's revolution , " Sondhi Limthongkul told the Associated Press news agency .
Airports closed
The protests against Mr Samak 's government are being led by a conservative group called the People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) .
On Tuesday , thousands of PAD supporters took to the streets of Bangkok and forced their way into government buildings .
KEY EVENTS
Sept 2006 : Bloodless coup by military sees PM Thaksin Shinawatra removed from office April 2007 : New military - drafted constitution approved Dec 2007 : General election won by People Power Party ( PPP ) , seen as reincarnation of Thaksin 's now banned Thai Rak Thai party Jan 2008 : Samak Sundaravej chosen as PM Feb 2008 : Thaksin returns from exile May 2008 : PAD protests against Samak begin July 2008 : Thaksin goes on trial for corruption ; his wife is found guilty of fraud .
By mid-August the family has fled to the UK August 2008 : PAD protests escalate Mr Samak was initially praised for his restraint in dealing with the protests , but he suddenly found his position weakened on Friday when the police pulled back and the triumphant protest leaders were left in control of the government complex .
About 2,000 protesters then besieged the city 's police headquarters , prompting the police to fire what appeared to be tear gas to disperse them .
Although the atmosphere was calmer on Saturday , the demonstrations continued outside police headquarters and thousands remained camped out at the prime minister 's official compound , Government House .
For a second day , demonstrations also closed two major airports - Phuket and Krabi - in the south of the country , where protesters prevented planes from landing and taking off by occupying the runways .
A third regional airport , Hat Yai , reopened on Saturday .
The PAD was originally formed in the months before the 2006 coup , to demand Mr Thaksin 's resignation .
It has re-emerged now that the country is being led by his former ally Mr Samak .
It has a passionate following in various parts of the country , especially Bangkok , and some powerful backers among the elite , our correspondent says .
But it has little support in most of rural Thailand , which voted strongly for Prime Minister Samak , and Mr Thaksin before him .
Click to return
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Israel 's secret police are pressuring Palestinians in Gaza to spy on their community in exchange for urgent medical treatment , according to a report released today by an Israeli human rights organisation .
Physicians for Human Rights says the Shin Bet began interrogating Palestinian patients seeking permission to travel from Gaza to Israel for crucial medical help after Israel blockaded and then declared the tiny territory an enemy entity more than a year ago .
Typically , patients are taken to a small , windowless room , underground , beneath the security terminal at Erez , the only passenger crossing that remains open between Gaza and Israel , where they are questioned by Shin Bet agents for hours , the report says .
Refusal to cooperate often results in the denial of medical treatment .
Based on the testimonies of more than 30 Palestinians - 11 of which are published - the report says the Shin Bet is using coercion and extortion to force patients to collaborate .
" They took me through underground passages and made me sit in another waiting room for almost 45 minutes .
A man approached me and called me to another room for interrogation .
He asked me to sit down and presented himself as Moshe , " Bassam al - Wahidi , a Fatah - aligned journalist , said in his affidavit to Physicians for Human Rights .
" After all my responses he said to me : ' I want to talk to you openly when you return from Israel so that you will have an acceptable reputation on the Israeli side .
Either you make contact with me and agree to my demands , or you will not get any medical treatment which will cause you to be blind and you will become a burden to your family and friends , ' " Wahidi said in his affidavit .
But he said he refused and was forced to return to Gaza without receiving any treatment .
Now the 28 - year - old , who married a year and a half ago , is completely blind in his right eye and losing the vision in his overstrained left eye .
" I might divorce because I can't stand in front of my wife as a disabled person , " Wahidi said .
He is one of an unknown number of patients from Gaza who have been denied medical treatment after refusing to inform on their friends , neighbours and relatives .
Many patients feel they are being forced to choose between preserving their life or protecting their community .
Physicians for Human Rights says such pressure amounts to coercion and extortion .
International law forbids the use of civilians in conflict to damage an enemy state and collaboration in the Palestinian community is a crime punishable by death .
" The patient knows that refusal to respond to the interrogator 's questions and demands will ruin his chances to access medical treatment , " the report says .
While some patients are turned back after they refuse to collaborate , others arrive at the security interview only to be detained and locked in jail , it says .
Applications for help in Israel jumped sharply with Israel 's blockade on Gaza .
Decrepit and deficient hospital services in the besieged territory coupled with the closure of Gaza 's crossing into Egypt forced Palestinians in the besieged territory to increasingly seek help in Israel .
As a result , the number of requests for medical assistance in Israel - which is funded by the Palestinian Authority - jumped from about 600 a month at the beginning of 2007 to about 1,000 a month by the end of the year .
As a result , the proportion of sick Gazans permitted to cross into Israel has dropped sharply from 90 % in early 2007 to 62 % by the end of the year .
Israel 's security services insists that patients are denied entry only on security grounds .
It also says that holding Israel responsible for the health of Palestinians in Gaza is " wholly inappropriate and misleading " , arguing that it no longer occupies the coastal territory , having withdrawn its troops and settlers from the area in 2005 .
However , in a letter to Physicians for Human Rights in June , Colonel Shlomi Muchtar said : " The state 's obligations are derived , among other things , from the rules of war and from the scope of its control over border crossings between it and the Gaza Strip . "
London 's
Oyster card has been cracked , and the final details will become public in October .
NXP Semiconductors , the Philips spin - off that makes the system , lost a court battle to prevent the researchers from publishing .
People might be able to use this information to ride for free , but the sky wo n't be falling .
And the publication of this serious vulnerability actually makes us all safer in the long run .
Here 's the story .
Every Oyster card has a radio - frequency identification chip that communicates with readers mounted on the ticket barrier .
That chip , the " Mifare Classic " chip , is used in hundreds of other transport systems as well — Boston , Los Angeles , Brisbane , Oslo , Amsterdam , Taipei , Shanghai , Rio de Janeiro — and as an access pass in thousands of companies , schools , hospitals , and government buildings around Britain and the rest of the world .
The security of Mifare Classic is terrible .
This is not an exaggeration ; it 's kindergarten cryptography .
Anyone with any security experience would be embarrassed to put his name to the design .
NXP attempted to deal with this embarrassment by keeping the design secret .
The group that broke Mifare Classic is from Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands .
They demonstrated the attack by riding the Underground for free , and by breaking into a building .
Their two papers ( one is already online ) will be published at two conferences this autumn .
The second paper is the one that NXP sued over .
They called disclosure of the attack " irresponsible , " warned that it will cause " immense damages , " and claimed that it " will jeopardize the security of assets protected with systems incorporating the Mifare IC . "
The Dutch court would have none of it : " Damage to NXP is not the result of the publication of the article but of the production and sale of a chip that appears to have shortcomings . "
Exactly right .
More generally , the notion that secrecy supports security is inherently flawed .
Whenever you see an organization claiming that design secrecy is necessary for security — in ID cards , in voting machines , in airport security — it invariably means that its security is lousy and it has no choice but to hide it .
Any competent cryptographer would have designed Mifare 's security with an open and public design .
Secrecy is fragile .
Mifare 's security was based on the belief that no one would discover how it worked ; that 's why NXP had to muzzle the Dutch researchers .
But that 's just wrong .
Reverse - engineering is n't hard .
Other researchers had already exposed Mifare 's lousy security .
A Chinese company even sells a compatible chip .
Is there any doubt that the bad guys already know about this , or will soon enough ?
Publication of this attack might be expensive for NXP and its customers , but it 's good for security overall .
Companies will only design security as good as their customers know to ask for .
NXP 's security was so bad because customers did n't know how to evaluate security : either they do n't know what questions to ask , or did n't know enough to distrust the marketing answers they were given .
This court ruling encourages companies to build security properly rather than relying on shoddy design and secrecy , and discourages them from promising security based on their ability to threaten researchers .
It 's unclear how this break will affect Transport for London .
Cloning takes only a few seconds , and the thief only has to brush up against someone carrying a legitimate Oyster card .
But it requires an RFID reader and a small piece of software which , while feasible for a techie , are too complicated for the average fare dodger .
The police are likely to quickly arrest anyone who tries to sell cloned cards on any scale .
TfL promises to turn off any cloned cards within 24 hours , but that will hurt the innocent victim who had his card cloned more than the thief .
The vulnerability is far more serious to the companies that use Mifare Classic as an access pass .
It would be very interesting to know how NXP presented the system 's security to them .
And while these attacks only pertain to the Mifare Classic chip , it makes me suspicious of the entire product line .
NXP sells a more secure chip and has another on the way , but given the number of basic cryptography mistakes NXP made with Mifare Classic , one has to wonder whether the " more secure " versions will be sufficiently so .
· Bruce Schneier is a security technologist and author : schneier.com/blog
WALLACE : ( Voiceover ) People who know McCain well say he can hold a grudge .
He also has a legendary temper .
But if McCain can be hard on his friends and even harder on his enemies , he can also be very hard on himself .
Sen. McCAIN : I m--made serious , serious mistakes and did things wrong when I was in prison , OK ?
WALLACE : What did you do wrong in prison ?
Sen. McCAIN : I wrote a confession .
I was guilty of war crimes against the Vietnamese people .
I intentionally bombed women and children .
WALLACE : And you did it because you were being tortured ...
Sen. McCAIN : I ...
WALLACE : ... and you 'd reached the end of the line .
Sen. McCAIN : Yes .
But I should have gone further .
I should have -- I-- I never believed that I would -- that I would break , and I did .
Top Democrats skeptical of Bush bailout package Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday September 20 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON 
Two powerful Democrats in the US Congress expressed skepticism Saturday over the 700 - billion - dollar plan President George W. Bush has proposed to rescue the country 's beleaguered financial sector .
The top Senate Democrat , Majority Leader Harry Reid , blamed the crisis on Bush 's laissez - faire policies , then called on the president to better explain why such a sweeping program was needed as the country prepared for a presidential vote in less than six weeks ' time .
And while House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that Democrats would work with Republicans to craft a bailout measure , she insisted that the interests of common Americans must be kept in mind .
" It is now self - evident that the Bush administration 's extreme hands - off policies have been disastrous , " Reid said in a statement .
" The American people have every right to be outraged that we are at this point . "
Yet " from all indications " the threat to the world economy " is real , and the consequences of inaction could be catastrophic . "
Reid called on Bush , whose term ends in January 2009 , " to better explain to the public the severity of the threat all Americans face , and why he believes his approach is needed . "
He also called on his Republican colleagues to work with Democrats " to provide real relief to working families . "
In her statement , Pelosi said the Bush administration " has requested that Congress authorize , in very short order , sweeping and unprecedented powers for the Treasury Secretary to confront a financial crisis of historic proportions . "
Democrats will work with Bush officials to address the crisis , " but we must insulate Main Street from Wall Street and keep people in their homes by reducing mortgage foreclosures , " she said .
Pelosi vowed to strengthen the Treasury proposal " by ensuring that the government is accountable to the taxpayers in any future actions under this broad grant of authority , implementing strong oversight mechanisms , and establishing fast - track authority for the Congress to act on responsible regulatory reform . "
Pelosi also vowed to " protect lower - and middle - income Americans , who need to be protected from the fallout of the ongoing Wall Street crisis , by enacting an economic recovery package that creates jobs and returns growth to our economy . "
The Republican Senate Minority Leader , Mitch McConnell , issued a statement calling for the bailout plan to remain free of " partisan plans or pet projects . "
" This proposal is , and should be kept , simple and clear , " McConnell said .
" We have the opportunity here to help protect Americans on Main Street . "
Americans " are looking for economic security and want us to stand up for them in a bipartisan way , " he said .
Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , said that Democrats and Republicans are " working as expeditiously as we can to help stabilize the economy in a manner that protects taxpayers and promotes home ownership . "
According to Dodd , " the stakes could not be higher , and there is no time to waste , but I am hopeful that we will be able to achieve these important objectives . "
House Majority Leader Steny
Hoyer said lawmakers should act fast , but with care , and vowed to bring the legislation to the House floor " in the coming days . "
" While we must act quickly , we also need to act prudently .
And , we must ensure that the average working American benefits from this action , " Hoyer said .
The Nuclear Threat Initiative , a private group in Washington led by Mr. Nunn , is setting up the new organization , known as the World Institute for Nuclear Security , or WINS .
The institute is starting with $ 6 million in donations and plans to expand in the next two years to an annual budget of perhaps $ 8 million and a staff in Vienna of a dozen or so nuclear specialists .
The institute intends to provide a forum where nuclear security professionals can meet and share information about how to keep dangerous materials out of unfriendly hands .
Its focus will be less on locks and cameras than on such management issues as how to keep guards alert and how to foil sophisticated attackers .
“ These are common concerns , ” said Corey Hinderstein of the Nuclear Threat Initiative .
“ But , until now , these professionals have had no way to talk to their peers about how to handle these kinds of challenges . ”
The institute ’s first director is to be Roger Howsley , who until recently was director of security for British Nuclear Fuels , which employs about 10,000 people .
The institute is being set up in Vienna mainly because of its proximity to the headquarters of the International Atomic Energy Agency , which provides some nuclear security advice to United Nations member states .
Mohamed ElBaradei , the agency ’s director , is expected to be at the unveiling on Monday and has strongly endorsed the institute .
Weight loss queen is a place to ‘ get the goss ’ on weight loss .
The focus will be on women ’s health & hormones - we know a lot about it here !
Over 10 years ago we helped to begin a revolution in weight loss that continues to this day .
We know that to successfully lose weight , you must identify the underlying causes .
Why does this matter to you ?
Because the revolution in women ’s health care happens one woman at a time .
To make a change in your life & take control of your health requires courage .
We ’ve helped thousands of women do just that .
We hope you will soon decide that now , it ’s your turn .
Thank you for visiting !
We are currently performing a maintenance and updates on the website .
We will be back online to serve you soon
Thank you for your patience !
This article was originally published on August 25 , 2008 .
The protest group Unconventional Denver promised to disrupt what it called a “ capitalist fundraising orgy ” Monday night after official events at the Democratic National Convention .
The protesters got only as far as across the street .
A group of perhaps 100 protesters , trailed by onlookers , ran from Civic Center and down 15th Street toward the Wellington Webb Municipal Building before police in riot gear blocked their path to the 16th Street Mall .
Police surrounded the group and moved up reinforcements , including at least two armored vehicles .
Jacki Kelley of the Jefferson County Sheriff ’s Office said police made about 100 arrests , by far the largest number since visitors began arriving for the convention .
Honey Traiman , 55 , of Denver , said it all started at Civic Center near city hall , but , like most in the crowd , she had no idea what started it .
“ The thing that was crazy was no one was doing anything , ” she said .
“ And then they used the pepper spray . ”
Unconventional Denver had made no secret of its plan to have protesters meet at Civic Center and then disperse to downtown hotels in an effort to disrupt DNC parties or fundraisers .
A police spokesman said police were aware of the group ’s plans and had massed their forces in the park based on intelligence about the protesters ’ actions .
Downtown hotels went on alert , and when protesters started moving to the mall , police stopped them .
As Michelle Obama took the stage at the Pepsi Center , police had the protesters bottled up on the streets bordering the Webb building .
Protesters chanted for the release of those who were briefly detained , and police complied , releasing some of those initially held .
A photographer for The Denver Post was among those detained for a time , though he had credentials identifying himself as a journalist .
Denver Police Chief Gerry Whitman had previously told the media that they would be allowed to cover protests and stay in front of or behind police , but officers did not adhere to that Monday night .
Throughout the standoff , bands playing at Recreate 68 ’s “ Festival of Democracy ” continued the music , giving the events a surreal air .
The standoff had calmed by 10 p.m. , but more than 100 officers on foot and horseback were still blocking 15th Street as 28 protesters were splayed out on two patches of grass before them .
“ This is what a police state looks like .
You ’re worried about Beijing ?
This is repression , ” shouted Trish Gallagher , a Boston woman who is part of the activist group Code Pink .
The clash began after protesters and police had lined up across from one another in front of the City and County Building about 7 p.m. , the police wearing their full riot gear and holding batons , chanting “ move back , move back . ”
When protesters would n’t move , police blocked them and used pepper spray .
Larry Hales with the activist group Recreate 68 said his group did nothing wrong Monday and had a permit for the Civic Center gathering when police closed in and created havoc .
Hales said that if they are not released by the morning , the activists will protest outside the police headquarters .
“ I ’m a little in shock , ” said Joey - Kenzie , 21 , of Denver , after spending about 90 minutes in the crowd of people pinned in by officers in SWAT gear .
Kenzie said she wanted to leave but police had surrounded the group and there was no way out .
“ At one point we did n’t know what we were going to do , we were going to get arrested or maced , ” said the recent Community College of Denver graduate .
Kenzie said police never asked for her identification .
“ I have n’t been able to vote for a president yet , but this was an epiphany , ” she said .
“ My freedom of speech was suppressed . ”
Protesters and police had originally lined up across from one another in front of City and County Building about 7 p.m. , the police wearing their full riot gear and holding batons , chanting “ move back , move back . ”
Police used pepper spray before the mass of marchers moved back across the park and were cut off by police behind the Sheraton Hotel .
One protester said police had used the spray “ like a supersoaker ” in front of the City and County Building .
Pepper spray was used again on 15th Street .
A police spokesman said that they had massed their forces in the park based on intelligence about the protesters ’ actions .
One demonstrator , who would not give his name , said the confrontation began when “ a bunch of us were supposed to have a direct action march . ”
Paralyzed anti-war activist Ron Kovic , who was not part of the march , had talked to protesters on the mall outside of the police parimeter .
” I came out here for my concern for you , ” Kovic told them .
“ We ’re not going to let them stop you .
We ’re not going to let them intimidate you .
But we are emphasizing peace and nonviolence .
We do n’t want trouble in Denver tonight . ”
Curiousity seekers stood outside the police cordon , outnumbering the marchers .
Protestors told reporters they were a mix of Tent State participants and those identifying themselves as anti-capitalist , anti-fascist , anti-war individuals .
The group split , with officers surrounding and detaining the group on 15th Street , while others were pushed back by police toward Civic Center .
Once the police organized their lines , the distance widened .
Police officials asked RTD to shut the 16th Street Mall bus shuttle service shortly after 7 p.m. , said RTD spokesman Scott Reed .
The mall service resumed around 9:30 p.m .
Sam Harper , 36 , of Eufaula , Okla. , said he was here to protest the war , but he was n’t prepared to be injured .
“ When I saw the tear gas , I split .
I do n’t need to get beat down , ” Harper said .
The detained grouped chanted in unison : “ Who screams ?
We scream . ”
Some in the crowd outside the police lines , which included onlookers and media , chanted : “ Cops here .
Bombs there .
U.S. out of everywhere . ”
“ Speech is free .
Let them be . ”
“ Show me what the First Amendment looks like . ”
“ Let them go . ”
“ Watch out !
They ’re gearing up , ” some in the crowd shouted , as officers donned gas masks and other protective equipment .
A girl warned anyone with contact lenses to get out of the area .
“ The spray will fuse your contact lenses to your eyeballs , ” she said .
A protester named Timmy said he had slipped out of his all - black outfit and then slipped outside the police cordon .
“ We want freedom from oppression , ” he said .
“ We want direct democracy where communities are allowed to make decisions based on our own abilities .
It takes bottom - up organizing to make change ; it does n’t take a leader .
We want cooperations , not capitalism . ”
Meanwhile , in Skyline Park near 18th and Arapahoe , about a dozen people sat surrounded by police , apparently in custody .
Denver Post Staff Writers Jeffrey Leib , Electa Draper , Karen Auge and Jeremy P. Meyer and MediaNews Group reporters George Watson , Greg Mellen and Jay Hamburger contributed to this report .
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
On a cigarette break from washing dishes in the French Quarter , Michael Kennedy swung open the door of Café Maspero , and the briny smell of raw shrimp followed him outside .
" You gotta make as much money as you can , because when we shut down -- and we 're gonna shut down -- that 's it for a long while , " the 26 - year - old said , exhaling , a dribble of sweat rolling into his mouth .
" The thing is , " he continued , " most people do n't have cars to leave , do n't have money for gas .
Pay for a hotel for that long ?
I mean , you have to do whatever you have to do , and I guess I 'm gonna stay and work . "
Though Maspero was n't doing half the business it usually does , customers were still coming in for $ 2 clam buckets .
A few packs of tourists , identifiable by their slightly off - kilter walk and gigantic hot pink test tubes of booze , ambled down St. Louis Street , peeking into bars and asking , " You still open ? "
Most were , up until the hour that Mayor Ray Nagin told the public to run for their lives .
" It 's the storm of the century , " he said .
But Kennedy can't and others just wo n't leave .
They are the few residents who did not make the tortoise crawl down Interstate 10 on Saturday .
iReport.com : Do you plan to evacuate ?
Tell us
" If I left , I 'll probably lose my job , " said Jeremiah O'Farrell , another dishwasher who is staying put .
" I really do n't have anywhere to go if I could leave .
I could go home , but that does n't seem like the thing to try .
Too far , I guess . "
Wrestling out of his white apron , he explained that he moved from Chicago to work a construction job during efforts to rebuild New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
" Our boss was into playing his trumpet down here more than he was into running a business , so that all kinda went to hell , and now I 'm working here . "
Sure in his choice , O'Farrell still feels a hurricane newbie 's nervousness .
" Really , how bad do you think it 's gonna get ? " he asked .
" I 've never been through one , and I 'm not sure what to believe .
You see the national weather people , and they 're telling you it 's gonna be really bad . "
" Aw , it 's gonna turn ! "
That confident pronouncement comes from Russell " I 've - seen - some - hurricanes - so - don't - tell - me- nothing " Gonzalez .
He 's been making muffaletas at Maspero since 1985 .
" I do n't leave for nothing .
I did n't even leave for Katrina , " he said , letting that fact hang in the air for a beat for the benefit of several other young men who have gathered for a smoke .
" I mean , look at the local weather guys , they know what they 're doing , not those Weather Channel people .
The local people say it 's gonna move north , and that 's enough for me . "
Before Gonzalez goes back inside , he turns and mutters , " Too expensive , anyway . "
Across town in the 9th Ward , a neighborhood decimated by Katrina , Sidney William climbs slowly out of his truck .
He 's 49 but moves like he 's 20 years older .
" My legs hurt ; my feet hurt a lot , " he said .
" It 's not easy . "
William wants desperately to leave his native New Orleans to avoid Gustav .
He did n't leave for Katrina because he did n't have the money .
He wo n't talk about what happened to him during that storm .
" I wish I had the money to go . "
Rejected for disability subsidies , he depends on his 23 - year - old daughter , Gloria , to support the family .
" Lot of folks around here are gonna make do with what they have , and you wo n't hear a terrible amount of complaining , " he said .
" You ca n't just come in here and expect to hear people fussing about how they do n't have nothing .
People just be used to not having much , and so you do n't even think too hard about it until someone starts asking you questions . "
A neighbor , Victoria , says she has two Rottweilers who she 's not willing to leave behind .
" Now , what do you think that would look like , me and my little car sitting there in traffic with two big old Rottweilers , " she said , laughing .
Money is tight for her , too .
" Guess I 'm just gonna wait .
I just do n't know .
It 's all stressful . "
A woman who would only give her name as Bette , owner of an antiques store in the French Quarter , says outsiders can't understand .
" It 's hard to explain to someone who 's not from here why anyone would choose to stay . "
Bette has the means to leave New Orleans .
She and her husband could jump in their car and take off .
During Katrina , she briefly relocated to Houston , and while happy she made that choice , she could n't stay .
She had to return to her city .
Like a relationship that suffers a bad break - up and is stronger after a reunion , she worries that she has n't got the heart to leave and then return a second time .
" When you stand out there by that river and look at that levee , " she said , " you are just so blessed to live here .
I am in love , and so I make my choice . "
All About New Orleans • Hurricane Katrina • Hurricane Gustav
Arrays
There are four kinds of arrays :
int * p ;
These are simple pointers to data , analogous to C pointers .
Pointers are provided for interfacing with C and for specialized systems work .
There is no length associated with it , and so there is no way for the compiler or runtime to do bounds checking , etc. , on it .
Most conventional uses for pointers can be replaced with dynamic arrays , out and ref parameters , and reference types .
int [ 3 ] s ;
These are analogous to C arrays .
Static arrays are distinguished by having a length fixed at compile time .
The total size of a static array cannot exceed 16 Mb .
A dynamic array should be used instead for such large arrays .
A static array with a dimension of 0 is allowed , but no space is allocated for it .
It 's useful as the last member of a variable length struct , or as the degenerate case of a template expansion .
Static arrays are value types .
Unlike in C and D version 1 , static arrays are passed to functions by value .
Static arrays can also be returned by functions .
int [ ] a ;
Dynamic arrays consist of a length and a pointer to the array data .
Multiple dynamic arrays can share all or parts of the array data .
Array Declarations
There are two ways to declare arrays , prefix and postfix .
The prefix form is the preferred method , especially for non-trivial types .
Prefix Array Declarations
Prefix declarations appear before the identifier being declared and read right to left , so :
int [ ] a ; int [ 4 ] [ 3 ] b ; int [ ] [ 5 ] c ; int *[ ] *[ 3 ] d ; int [ ] * e ;
Postfix Array Declarations
Postfix declarations appear after the identifier being declared and read left to right .
Each group lists equivalent declarations :
int [ ] a ; int a [ ] ; int [ 4 ] [ 3 ] b ; int [ 4 ] b[ 3 ] ; int b [ 3 ] [ 4 ] ; int [ ] [ 5 ] c ; int [ ] c [ 5 ] ; int c [ 5 ] [ ] ; int *[ ] *[ 3 ] d ; int * [ ] * d[ 3 ] ; int * ( * d [ 3 ] ) [ ] ; int [ ]* e ; int ( * e ) [ ] ;
Rationale :
The postfix form matches the way arrays are declared in C and C++ , and supporting this form provides an easy migration path for programmers used to it .
There are two broad kinds of operations to do on an array - affecting the handle to the array , and affecting the contents of the array .
C only has operators to affect the handle .
In D , both are accessible .
The handle to an array is specified by naming the array , as in p , s or a :
int * p ; int [ 3 ] s ; int [ ] a ; int * q ; int [ 3 ] t ; int [ ] b ; p = q ; p = s.ptr ; p = a.ptr ; s = ... ; a = p ; a = s ; a = b ;
Slicing an array means to specify a subarray of it .
An array slice does not copy the data , it is only another reference to it .
For example :
int [ 10 ] a ; int [ ] b ; b = a [ 1..3 ] ; foo ( b [ 1 ] ) ; a [ 2 ] = 3 ; foo ( b [ 1 ] ) ;
The [ ] is shorthand for a slice of the entire array .
For example , the assignments to b :
int [ 10 ] a ; int [ ] b ; b = a ; b = a[ ] ; b = a [ 0 .. a.length ] ;
are all semantically equivalent .
Slicing is not only handy for referring to parts of other arrays , but for converting pointers into bounds - checked arrays :
int * p ; int [ ] b = p [ 0..8 ] ;
When the slice operator appears as the lvalue of an assignment expression , it means that the contents of the array are the target of the assignment rather than a reference to the array .
Array copying happens when the lvalue is a slice , and the rvalue is an array of or pointer to the same type .
int [ 3 ] s ; int [ 3 ] t ; s [ ] = t ; s [ ] = t[ ] ; s[ 1..2 ] = t [ 0..1 ] ; s[ 0..2 ] = t [ 1..3 ] ; s[ 0..4 ] = t [ 0..4 ] ; s[ 0 ..2 ] = t ;
Overlapping copies are an error :
s [ 0..2 ] = s [ 1..3 ] ; s[ 1..3 ] = s [ 0..2 ] ;
Disallowing overlapping makes it possible for more aggressive parallel code optimizations than possible with the serial semantics of C .
If a slice operator appears as the lvalue of an assignment expression , and the type of the rvalue is the same as the element type of the lvalue , then the lvalue 's array contents are set to the rvalue .
int [ 3 ] s ; int * p ; s [ ] = 3 ; p[ 0..2 ] = 3 ;
The binary operator ~ is the cat operator .
It is used to concatenate arrays :
int [ ] a ; int [ ] b ; int [ ] c ; a = b ~ c ;
Many languages overload the + operator to mean concatenation .
This confusingly leads to , does :
" 10 " + 3 + 4
produce the number 17 , the string " 1034 " or the string " 107 " as the result ?
It is n't obvious , and the language designers wind up carefully writing rules to disambiguate it - rules that get incorrectly implemented , overlooked , forgotten , and ignored .
It 's much better to have + mean addition , and a separate operator to be array concatenation .
Similarly , the ~= operator means append , as in :
a ~= b ;
Concatenation always creates a copy of its operands , even if one of the operands is a 0 length array , so :
a = b ; a = b ~ c [ 0..0 ] ;
Appending does not always create a copy , see setting dynamic array length for details .
Many array operations , also known as vector operations , can be expressed at a high level rather than as a loop .
For example , the loop :
T[ ] a , b ; ... for ( size_t i = 0 ; i < a.length ; i++ ) a [ i ] = b[ i ] +
4 ;
assigns to the elements of a the elements of b with 4 added to each .
This can also be expressed in vector notation as :
T[ ] a , b ; ... a [ ] = b[ ] + 4 ;
A vector operation is indicated by the slice operator appearing as the lvalue of an = , += , -= , *= , /= , %= , ^= , &= or |= operator .
The rvalue can be an expression consisting either of an array slice of the same length and type as the lvalue or an expression of the element type of the lvalue , in any combination .
The operators supported for vector operations are the binary operators + , - , * , / , % , ^ , & and | , and the unary operators - and ~ .
The lvalue slice and any rvalue slices must not overlap .
The vector assignment operators are evaluated right to left , and the other binary operators are evaluated left to right .
All operands are evaluated exactly once , even if the array slice has zero elements in it .
The order in which the array elements are computed is implementation defined , and may even occur in parallel .
An application must not depend on this order .
Implementation note : many of the more common vector operations are expected to take advantage of any vector math instructions available on the target computer .
int [ 3 ] abc ; int [ ] def = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; void dibb ( int * array ) { array [ 2 ] ; *( array + 2 ) ; } void diss ( int [ ] array ) { array [ 2 ] ; *( array + 2 ) ; } void ditt ( int [ 3 ] array ) { array [ 2 ] ; *( array + 2 ) ; }
Experienced FORTRAN numerics programmers know that multidimensional " rectangular " arrays for things like matrix operations are much faster than trying to access them via pointers to pointers resulting from " array of pointers to array " semantics .
For example , the D syntax :
double [ ] [ ] matrix ;
declares matrix as an array of pointers to arrays .
( Dynamic arrays are implemented as pointers to the array data . )
Since the arrays can have varying sizes ( being dynamically sized ) , this is sometimes called " jagged " arrays .
Even worse for optimizing the code , the array rows can sometimes point to each other !
Fortunately , D static arrays , while using the same syntax , are implemented as a fixed rectangular layout :
double [ 3 ] [ 3 ] matrix ;
declares a rectangular matrix with 3 rows and 3 columns , all contiguously in memory .
In other languages , this would be called a multidimensional array and be declared as :
double matrix [ 3,3 ] ;
Within the [ ] of a static or a dynamic array , the symbol $ represents the length of the array .
int [ 4 ] foo ; int [ ] bar = foo ; int * p = & foo [ 0 ] ; bar [ ] bar [ 0 .. 4 ] bar [ 0 .. $ ] bar [ 0 .. bar.length ] p[ 0 .. $ ] bar [ 0 ] +$ bar [ $ - 1 ]
Static array properties are :
Static Array Properties Property Description .init Returns an array literal with each element of the literal being the .init property of the array element type .
. sizeof Returns the array length multiplied by the number of bytes per array element .
. length Returns the number of elements in the array .
This is a fixed quantity for static arrays .
It is of type size_t .
. ptr Returns a pointer to the first element of the array .
. dup Create a dynamic array of the same size and copy the contents of the array into it .
.idup Create a dynamic array of the same size and copy the contents of the array into it .
The copy is typed as being immutable .
D 2.0 only .reverse Reverses in place the order of the elements in the array .
Returns the array .
. sort Sorts in place the order of the elements in the array .
Returns the array .
Dynamic array properties are :
Dynamic Array Properties Property Description .init Returns null .
. sizeof
Returns the size of the dynamic array reference , which is 8 in 32 - bit builds and 16 on 64 - bit builds .
. length Get / set number of elements in the array .
It is of type size_t .
. ptr Returns a pointer to the first element of the array .
. dup Create a dynamic array of the same size and copy the contents of the array into it .
.idup Create a dynamic array of the same size and copy the contents of the array into it .
The copy is typed as being immutable .
D 2.0 only .reverse Reverses in place the order of the elements in the array .
Returns the array .
. sort Sorts in place the order of the elements in the array .
Returns the array .
For the . sort property to work on arrays of class objects , the class definition must define the function : int opCmp( Object ) .
This is used to determine the ordering of the class objects .
Note that the parameter is of type Object , not the type of the class .
For the . sort property to work on arrays of structs or unions , the struct or union definition must define the function : int opCmp( ref const S ) const .
The type S is the type of the struct or union .
This function will determine the sort ordering .
Examples :
int * p ; int [ 3 ] s ; int [ ] a ; p.length ; s.length ; a.length ; p.dup ; s.dup ; a.dup ;
The .length property of a dynamic array can be set as the lvalue of an = operator :
array.length = 7 ;
This causes the array to be reallocated in place , and the existing contents copied over to the new array .
If the new array length is shorter , the array is not reallocated , and no data is copied .
It is equivalent to slicing the array :
array = array [ 0..7 ] ;
If the new array length is longer , the remainder is filled out with the default initializer .
To maximize efficiency , the runtime always tries to resize the array in place to avoid extra copying .
It will always do a copy if the new size is larger and the array was not allocated via the new operator or resizing in place would overwrite valid data in the array .
char [ ] a = new char [ 20 ] ; char [ ] b = a [ 0..10 ] ; char [ ] c = a [ 10..20 ] ; char [ ] d = a ; b.length = 15 ; b [ 11 ] = 'x ' ; d.length = 1 ; d.length = 20 ; c.length = 12 ; c [ 5 ] = 'y ' ; a.length = 25 ; a [ 15 ] = 'z ' ;
For example :
To guarantee copying behavior , use the .dup property to ensure a unique array that can be resized .
Also , one may use the phobos .capacity property to determine how many elements can be appended to the array without reallocating .
These issues also apply to appending arrays with the ~= operator .
Concatenation using the ~ operator is not affected since it always reallocates .
Resizing a dynamic array is a relatively expensive operation .
So , while the following method of filling an array :
int [ ] array ; while ( 1 ) { c = getinput ( ) ; if ( ! c ) break ; ++array.length ; array[array.length - 1 ] = c ; }
will work , it will be inefficient .
A more practical approach would be to minimize the number of resizes :
int [ ] array ; array .
length = 100 ; for ( i = 0 ; ; i++) { c = getinput ( ) ; if ( ! c ) break ; if ( i == array.length ) array.
length *= 2 ; array [ i ] = c ; } array.
length = i ;
Picking a good initial guess is an art , but you usually can pick a value covering 99 % of the cases .
For example , when gathering user input from the console - it 's unlikely to be longer than 80 .
Also , you may wish to utilize the phobos reserve function to pre-allocate array data to use with the append operator .
If the first parameter to a function is an array , the function can be called as if it were a property of the array :
int [ ] array ; void foo( int [ ] a , int x ) ; foo ( array , 3 ) ; array.foo( 3 ) ;
It is an error to index an array with an index that is less than 0 or greater than or equal to the array length .
If an index is out of bounds , a RangeError exception is raised if detected at runtime , and an error if detected at compile time .
A program may not rely on array bounds checking happening , for example , the following program is incorrect :
try { for ( i = 0 ; ; i++) { array [ i ] = 5 ; } } catch ( RangeError ) { }
for ( i = 0 ; i < array.length ; i++) { array [ i ] = 5 ; }
The loop is correctly written :
Implementation Note : Compilers should attempt to detect array bounds errors at compile time , for example :
int [ 3 ] foo ; int x = foo [ 3 ] ;
Insertion of array bounds checking code at runtime should be turned on and off with a compile time switch .
Pointers are initialized to null .
. Static array contents are initialized to the default initializer for the array element type .
Dynamic arrays are initialized to having 0 elements .
Associative arrays are initialized to having 0 elements .
Void initialization happens when the Initializer for an array is void .
What it means is that no initialization is done , i.e. the contents of the array will be undefined .
This is most useful as an efficiency optimization .
Void initializations are an advanced technique and should only be used when profiling indicates that it matters .
Static initalizations are supplied by a list of array element values enclosed in [ ] .
The values can be optionally preceded by an index and a :.
If an index is not supplied , it is set to the previous index plus 1 , or 0 if it is the first value .
int [ 3 ] a = [ 1:2 , 3 ] ;
This is most handy when the array indices are given by enums :
enum Color { red , blue , green } ; int value [ Color.max +
1 ] = [ Color.blue :6 , Color.green:2 , Color.red :5 ] ;
These arrays are statically allocated when they appear in global scope .
Otherwise , they need to be marked with const or static storage classes to make them statically allocated arrays .
A string is an array of characters .
String literals are just an easy way to write character arrays .
String literals are immutable ( read only ) .
char [ ] str1 = " abc " ; char [ ] str2 = " abc " .dup ; immutable ( char ) [ ] str3 = " abc " ; immutable ( char ) [ ] str4 = str1 ; immutable ( char ) [ ] str5 = str1.idup ;
The name string is aliased to immutable ( char ) [ ] , so the above declarations could be equivalently written as :
char [ ] str1 = " abc " ; char [ ] str2 = " abc " .dup ; string str3 = " abc " ; string str4 = str1 ; string str5 = str1.idup ;
char [ ] strings are in UTF - 8 format. wchar [ ] strings are in UTF - 16 format . dchar [ ] strings are in UTF - 32 format .
Strings can be copied , compared , concatenated , and appended :
str1 = str2 ; if ( str1 < str3 ) ... func ( str3 ~ str4 ) ; str4 ~= str1 ;
with the obvious semantics .
Any generated temporaries get cleaned up by the garbage collector ( or by using alloca ( ) ) .
Not only that , this works with any array not just a special String array .
A pointer to a char can be generated :
char * p = &str [ 3 ] ; char * p = str ;
Since strings , however , are not 0 terminated in D , when transferring a pointer to a string to C , add a terminating 0 :
str ~= " \0 " ;
or use the function std.string .toStringz .
The type of a string is determined by the semantic phase of compilation .
The type is one of : char [ ] , wchar [ ] , dchar [ ] , and is determined by implicit conversion rules .
If there are two equally applicable implicit conversions , the result is an error .
To disambiguate these cases , a cast or a postfix of c , w or d can be used :
cast ( immutable ( wchar ) [ ] ) " abc " " abc " w
String literals that do not have a postfix character and that have not been cast can be implicitly converted between string , wstring , and dstring as necessary .
char c ; wchar w ; dchar d ; c = ' b ' ; w = ' b ' ; w = ' bc ' ; w = " b " [ 0 ] ; w = " \r " [ 0 ] ; d = 'd ' ;
printf ( ) is a C function and is not part of D. printf ( ) will print C strings , which are 0 terminated .
There are two ways to use printf ( ) with D strings .
The first is to add a terminating 0 , and cast the result to a char * :
str ~= " \0 " ; printf ( " the string is ' %s '
" , cast ( char *) str ) ;
or :
import std.string ; printf ( " the string is ' %s '
" , std.string.toStringz(str ) ) ;
String literals already have a 0 appended to them , so can be used directly :
printf ( " the string is ' %s '
" , cast ( char *) " string literal " ) ;
So , why does the first string literal to printf not need the cast ?
The first parameter is prototyped as a const ( char ) * , and a string literal can be implicitly cast to a const ( char ) * .
The rest of the arguments to printf , however , are variadic ( specified by ... ) , and a string literal is passed as a ( length , pointer ) combination to variadic parameters .
The second way is to use the precision specifier .
The length comes first , followed by the pointer :
printf ( " the string is '% .*s '
" , str.length , str.ptr ) ;
The best way is to use std.stdio. writefln , which can handle D strings :
import std.stdio ; writefln ( " the string is ' %s ' " , str ) ;
A pointer T* can be implicitly converted to one of the following :
void *
A static array T[ dim ] can be implicitly converted to one of the following :
T [ ]
const ( U ) [ ]
void [ ]
A dynamic array T[ ] can be implicitly converted to one of the following :
const ( U ) [ ]
void [ ]
Where U is a base class of T .
TSA Fires Back : Blames Airline for ' Security Violation '
Inspector was able to gain access to planes , but caused nine to be grounded .
August 21 , 2008  --
Even though its inspector 's actions caused nine American Eagle planes to be grounded in Chicago this week , the Transporatation Security Administration says it may pursue action against the airline for security lapses .
A TSA inspector , as part of a spot security check , used a sensitive aircraft probe as a handhold to gain access to parked American Eagle planes at Chicago 's O'Hare airport .
American Eagle Airlines said the " unorthodox inspection techniques " led to additional maintenance inspections of the planes , causing " delays to approximately 40 flights and inconveniencing hundreds of customers . "
TSA , however , strongly defended its inspector 's actions , noting in a statement that he was able to gain interior access to seven of the nine aircraft he inspected , which was an " apparent violation of the airline 's security program . "
TSA said it encourages its inspectors to look for such vulnerabilities and after reviewing the inspection results , the agency " could take action against the airline , up to and including levying civil penalties . "
In a statement , American Eagle Airlines said it was " confident that it followed all proper security procedures for securing aircraft overnight at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . "
The airline also noted that " if not observed by vigilant Eagle employees in Chicago , the actions of this inspector would have been unknown and could have jeopardized the safety of our customers and crew . "
TSA acknowledged that its inspector pulled himself up the side of the aircraft by using a Total Air Temperature ( TAT ) probe as a handhold .
The TAT probe , which measures outside air temperature and connects to key computer systems inside the aircraft , is considered critical to flight safety .
TSA said it was not its intent to " cause delays or potential damage to aircraft as a result of our inspections , " and that the agency acted quickly to " re-enforce education about sensitive equipment located on the exterior of a plane . "
Meanwhile , Aero - News Network ( ANN ) , a leading source of aviation industry news , reported that the O'Hare TSA inspector had apparently used the same technique previously to gain access to parked planes .
In a memo obtained by ANN , an airline flight crew member complained that " this was not the first time that this same TSA agent had done this .
After one of our ORD ( O' Hare ) mechanics caught him doing this he explained that he could damage the TAT sensor .
The agent then admitted that he used the sensors many times in the past doing the same thing . "
The memo also stated that in a previous incident , a damaged TAT probe caused a flight delay of an American Eagle plane on August 16th that " the mechanics suspect was caused by the same agent . "
ANN editor Jim Campbell told ABC
News that the flight crew member who sent the memo had been a reliable source of information in the past .
TSA was unavailable for comment on the inspector 's alleged past actions .
In its statement , however , the agency defended the qualifications of its inspectors , noting that they " undergo a 4 - week basic training course that consists of security regulations overview , inspection procedures , and safety briefings , " and receive additional safety training at each local airport .
Campbell said such training would be considered inadequate under federal aviation regulations because personnel whose actions " could impact the airworthiness of an aircraft must undergo aircraft specific training programs . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
On March 29 , between the hours of 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. , hundreds of thousands of people , and countless more businesses across Canada , shut off their lights as a symbolic gesture of concern over global warming .
It was perhaps one of the most successful environmental awareness campaigns in recent history .
While organizers of the event correctly pointed out that Earth Hour was mostly about raising awareness , that did n't stop proud proclamations about drops in electricity demand during that hour .
Some reports showed electricity demand was down 8.7 per cent for Toronto and 3.5 per cent in Vancouver .
The inconvenient truth , however , is that despite falling energy use , CO2 emissions actually rose during Earth Hour relative to comparable days in the past three years .
The flaw of Earth Hour 's publicity campaign is that it fell into the fallacy of equating energy use with greenhouse gas emissions .
The two are indeed related , but the relationship is more complex than the simple act of flicking the light switch would suggest .
Turning off a light bulb does not in itself reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Whether or not using electricity produces greenhouse gases depends on which kind of power plant is providing the electricity .
If the power grid is predominantly being powered by nuclear fuel or hydroelectricity , there will be little greenhouse gas produced .
However , if the power is coming from a coal - fired plant , there will be much more greenhouse gas produced .
In Ontario , power predominantly comes from a mix of nuclear , coal or hydroelectric power while in British Columbia and Quebec over 90 per cent of power comes from clean hydroelectricity .
For every megawatt - hour of electricity produced from a coal power plant , a little over 1 tonne of CO2 is emitted .
When comparing power or electricity demand across days , it is important to control for things like weather , the amount of daylight , how many nuclear reactors are running and other possible factors .
Using more than four years of hourly data , I estimated how much power would be expected to come from each source , and electricity consumption in each region of Ontario .
In Ontario , the total amount of electricity from coal and the subsequent CO2 emissions were higher during Earth Hour than on any last Saturday in March during the past four years .
According to the Independent Electricity System Operator , 3,759 megawatt - hours of electricity were produced from coal in Ontario during Earth Hour , meaning approximately 4,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide were emitted from coal plants in Ontario during the hour .
Compared to the same hour of Saturdays in late spring with similar weather , nuclear operations , and so on , CO2 production was between 5 and 39 per cent higher during Earth Hour than in previous years .
A comparison to only the previous Saturday would be misleading , because March 22 , 2008 , was much colder than the 29th , and weather is a major component in electricity demand .
Regardless of what days are examined , the conclusion is that the mix of production sources , and not electricity consumption itself , has the most to do with emissions .
Furthermore , essentially all of the reductions in power production on March 29 came from hydroelectricity power production , and not from coal or natural gas .
That is because when demand changes fairly quickly during the course of the day it is usually hydroelectric power that changes output to meet demand , while coal and nuclear remain unchanged .
Again , compared to what power production for all of Ontario normally would have been during Earth Hour , hydroelectricity production in Ontario was 24 per cent below what would be expected , while coal was up 18 per cent .
Total power production was in fact above predicted for the entire night partly because power exports to the U.S. were high that night .
Likewise , in British Columbia or Quebec any reduction likely came from largely emission - free hydroelectric power .
Even if power production did decline during Earth Hour , the fact remains that this drop did not come from power sources that contribute to global warming .
What really happened to electricity demand in Toronto and Ontario as whole on March 29 , 2008 and during Earth Hour ?
Controlling for other factors , electricity consumption in Ontario as a whole and Toronto was down 5.6 per cent and 6 per cent respectively .
What do these numbers mean ?
When compared to the general fluctuations in electricity demand over any given day , Earth Hour was not meaningful in the statistical sense .
So far this year , there were more than 120 different hours where electricity demand was lower than predicted , by a greater degree than during Earth Hour .
Earth Hour was successful as a symbolic campaign to raise awareness about tackling climate change , but the exercise encourages the mistaken belief that we must reduce electricity consumption in radical ways to cut greenhouse gases .
So what did we really accomplish ?
( Guest blogged by NonnyMouse )
It probably comes as no surprise to regular C&L readers to learn that I grew up in a liberal - minded household ; although at the time , being a kid , I did n't especially realize just how liberal such attitudes were .
Our house was filled with books , magazines and newspapers , everything from a revered set of encyclopedias ( the Google of the 1960 's ) to stacks of ratty romance paperbacks .
We had at least forty years worth of National Geographic magazines , from which I gleaned juicy facts for hundreds of school reports .
I learned to read from Humpty - Dumpty magazines at the age of three and had read Ivanhoe by the time I was seven , although I have to admit I did n't understand much of it at the time .
It did n't matter .
What mattered was that nothing ... nothing ... was off - limits in our house when it came to the written word .
I read Shakespeare and Oscar Wilde and the complete works of Jonathan Swift , the back of cereal boxes , A Little Princess and Mein Kampf and Uncle Tom 's Cabin and Black Beauty , Dr. Seuss and Archie comics , a huge box of pulp science - fiction novels from a garage sale , Jehovah 's Witness Biblical tracts that got shoved in the letterbox , the perpetual Cherry Ames , Army Nurse novels my grandmother inevitably sent us every Christmas , every book ever written by Philip Wylie , several year 's worth of a wonderful science magazine for teens to which my Aunt Ruth gave me a subscription ( ‘ Build a Working Computer from Empty Matchboxes ! ) , until the magazine went bust and folded .
The written word , from high - brow to no -brow , was sacrosanct .
That liberal attitude toward the freedom of the written word was severely tested when at twelve I found a rather dog-eared paperback tucked behind some cans of paint in the garage - my father did a rather comical ( and horrified ) double - take when he found me lying on the sofa , legs dangling over one side , and puzzling over the nuances of what was an out - and - out hardcore pornographic novel .
He nervously asked if I had any questions about what I was reading .
‘ Do people really do this ? '
Um , sometimes .
‘ Yuuuck !
But you and Mom , you do n't ...?'
Um , sometimes .
‘ Double yuuuuuck ! '
Which probably did more to ease my dad 's mind about my prepubescent proclivities than any euphemistic harangue on sex could ever have achieved .
( My vast childhood reading habits also endowed me with this nifty erudite and comprehensive vocabulary , which comes in pretty handy now that I 've grown up to be a published novelist ) .
So the idea that books , any book , should be banned - for any reason - is a complete anathema .
Fahrenheit 451 is fiction .
Censorship , unfortunately , is not .
That there is actually a week reserved for the championing of banned books , in America of all places , both saddens and heartens me .
Saddens me because of the necessity , heartens me because it fights back against narrow - minded intolerance .
This , then , the last week of September , from September 27th to October 4th , is Banned Books Week , a time when libraries and bookstores in every state put up displays of books to highlight the problem of censorship and celebrate our nation 's right to the freedom to read whatever we damned well please .
Since Banned Book
Week was launched in 1982 , more than a thousand books have been under pressure by those who would suppress the works of my fellow novelists and writers , because of sexual content , or slang , or violence , or profanity , or racial or religious objections , or political issues ; from time - honoured classics to trashy airport novels .
In the top ten books to be challenged last year alone , it is absolutely ludicrous that one of them should be The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain .
Some of the books challenged bugger belief :
An illustrated edition of Little Red Riding Hood was banned in two California school districts in 1989 , because the book shows the heroine taking food and wine to her grandmother , the school board citing concerns about alcohol consumption by children .
Roald Dahl 's wonderful classic James and the Giant Peach was removed from a school in Florida because it contained the word ‘ ass ' , and placed in restricted access in libraries in Virginia because the book encouraged children to ‘ disobey their parents ' .
In Eureka , Illinois , Geoffrey Chaucer 's 600 - year - old masterpiece , Canterbury Tales , was dropped from an advanced literature course in a senior preparatory high school class for ... get this ... objectionable ‘ sexual content . '
How insane is that ?
In Gainesville , Hall County , Georgia , the Chestatee Public Library board had n't even taken a final vote on whether or not to remove Nancy Friday 's Women on Top from the shelves when someone decided to take the matter into their own hands , borrowed it and ‘ accidently ' destroyed it .
The board did , however , vote not to replace it .
Me , I 'm tempted to send them a replacement copy , gratis .
It 's not just schools and libraries ; bookstores are also deciding what you , the customer , should and should not be allowed to read .
Tim C. Leedom's
The Book Your Church Does n't Want You To Read was banned from Barnes & Noble in San Diego in 1995 because it was ‘ too controversial for the bookstore 's conservative clientele . '
And now , in the age of the Internet , the problem of book censorship has become more complex ; the US government is doing its best to impose restrictions on both reader and writer of any kind of written word , including these you are reading right now , on this blog .
In Loudoun County , Virginia , libraries were required to use filter programs to access the Internet that blocked certain sites such as , well , Banned Books Online .
Despite a lawsuit that struck down this policy , in 2000 , Congress compelled libraries across the country to filter all Internet connections or lose public assistance .
Three years later , the US Supreme court upheld that decision , leaving our public libraries to choose between censorship and funding .
This is not just a liberal versus conservative issue , or religion versus science , or morality versus depravity , or even quality versus trash .
There is a fine line between suppressing an author 's work and suppressing the author .
In a free and democratic society , everyone - absolutely everyone - should have the Constitutionally guaranteed right to think for themselves rather than have someone else dictate what they are allowed to read .
Oh wait , we do .
It 's called the First Amendment .
So please , during Banned Book Week , support your local writers , dead or alive .
I 'd love to say go buy my books , God knows I could use the sales .
But my work has n't been banned .
Yet .
However , if we all do not actively defend the rights of others in my profession who have found themselves opposed by those who would censor our right to read , I could very well find myself joining the list of such esteemed writers as George Orwell , Maya Angelou , Judy Blume , William Faulkner , Alex Haley , Sylvia Plath , Toni Morrison , James Baldwin , Aldous Huxley , Mike Royko , Voltaire , Joseph Heller , J. D. Sallinger , Anne Rice , Jean Auel , Anthony Burgess , Alice Walker , the Grimms Brothers , Arthur Miller , Anne Frank , Stephen King , John Steinbeck , Margaret Atwood , Isabelle Allende , Allen Ginsberg , Sir Thomas Malory , C. S. Lewis , Laura Ingalls Wilder , William Golding , E. M. Forster , Philip Pullman , Kurt Vonnegut , Jr. , William Shakespeare ...
... and the American Heritage Dictionary .
I kid you not .
What term do you want to search ?
Search with google
About Me
Name : heather Location : Colorado , originally by way of California , United States
FUEL / FRIENDS HAS MOVED !
Please visit http://fuelfriendsblog.com...
" I love the relationship that anyone has with music : because there ’s something in us that is beyond the reach of words , something that eludes and defies our best attempts to spit it out .
It ’s the best part of us , probably , the richest and strangest part .... "
- Nick Hornby , Songbook - .......................................
Got something I should hear ?
Email me at browneheather@gmail.com .
Each comment left here is also emailed to my inbox , regardless the age of the post .
Music submissions etc. can be sent to : Fuel / Friends , PO Box 64011 , Colorado Springs , CO 80962-4011
View my complete profile
If we were designing men and women to deliver maximum sexual satisfaction to one another , we would not start from here .
The reason , as Shere Hite noted , has to do with the position of a tiny , but neglected organ – the clitoris .
Conventional sexual intercourse , in which the penis is inserted into the vagina , may be an efficient method of reproduction but is doomed to failure when it comes to maximising sexual pleasure – at least for the woman .
The author of the Hite report , one of the most detailed surveys of sexual behaviour ever carried out , says doctors , therapists and the public share a collective blindness about this simple anatomical fact which determines the way in which most women achieve orgasm .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The key , according to Ms Hite , is that women have orgasms more easily when masturbating than when having intercourse .
This is because the clitoris , the stimulation of which leads to orgasm , is situated above the entrance to the vagina , where it is mostly inaccessible to the thrusting movement of the penis .
" The overwhelming majority of women , according to my research , can have orgasms easily during masturbation .
So why not also during coitus ?
The answer is that during masturbation women choose to stimulate the clitoral area .
Only rarely , in 2 per cent of cases , does it involve vaginal penetration , " she said .
This difference between men and women is fundamental but not widely recognised .
For men the stimulation they give themselves when masturbating is similar to that which they receive when having intercourse .
For women it is completely different .
So it is not at all surprising that the rate of orgasm for women during intercourse is low .
That old cliché about men being from Mars and women from Venus applies not only to their psychology but to their anatomy , too .
Despite the importance of clitoral stimulation to women , the definition of sex is focused on intercourse .
This is fine for men , but not at all fine for women , and may account for the high proportion of women that research suggests suffer from " sexual dysfunction " .
Ms Hite says it is this limited definition of sex , not women 's bodies , that is at fault .
Sex should be composed not only of intercourse but also of clitoral stimulation , by hand or mouth .
But the sad reality is that although women know how to have orgasms , they rarely feel free to express this during sex with men .
Their inhibition not only denies them pleasure but has also put researchers trying to treat female sexual dysfunction on the wrong track .
The fundamental error was committed by Freud who said that the source of sexual excitement transferred from the clitoris to the vagina at puberty .
This view was later entrenched by psychiatrists who defined a lack of orgasm during intercourse in women as a disorder .
Now drug companies are trying to solve the problem by looking for a female equivalent of Viagra .
But by focussing on women 's readiness to participate in intercourse rather than helping them to experience pleasure , they risk making matters worse .
Ms Hite said : " The pharmaceutical industry has misunderstood the basics of female sexuality .
Putting money into supposed treatments that do n't work could mean financing unhappiness and divorce , leaving women 's feelings invisible or unexplained , and placing men on insecure ground .
" It risks fostering an atmosphere of fear and confusion in which love , including intense sexual intimacy and experimentation , needlessly becomes an area of conflict rather than pleasure . "
" It is not arousal pills we need , but a whole new set of physical relations with each other , " she says .
Critics have challenged her analysis on the grounds that it neglects another part of the female anatomy – the G - spot .
The G - spot is said to lie a third to halfway inside the vagina , on the upper ( front ) wall and is claimed to enable some women to experience a vaginal orgasm , in addition to the conventional clitoral one .
Unlike the clitoris , however , the existence of the G - spot has been contested ever since it was first suggested by German gynaecologist Ernst Grafenberg in 1944 ( after whose surname it became known in the 1980s ) .
Earlier this year , Italian researcher Professor Emmanuele Jannini claimed to have located it using ultrasound .
That was the good news .
The bad news was that , according to Professor Jannini , not all women had one .
His study , involving 20 women , suggested those who claimed to experience vaginal orgasms had an area of thicker tissue on the front wall of their vagina , which he identified as the G - spot , while those who had not climaxed in this way had not .
Others disputed the findings , reported in the Journal of Sexual Medicine , suggesting the thicker tissue was actually part of the clitoris which , in some women , extends far beyond its visible tip .
MRI scans have shown that the clitoris is in the form of an inverted V , extending from the tip , back and along the vagina , raising the possibility that , in some women at least , it may be stimulated internally as well as externally .
Sexual failure , as all couples know , is not confined to women .
If for females it is the location of the clitoris that causes problems , in males it is the performance of the penis .
Almost all men experience impotence on some occasions or at some time in their lives .
Masters and Johnson , the American gynaecologist and psychologist who revolutionised sex research 40 years ago with their detailed laboratory studies of the physiology of sexual arousal , described how the human sexual response fell into four distinct phases , for both men and women – excitement , plateau , orgasm and resolution .
The excitement stage is marked by increased blood flow to the genitals causing them to swell .
In men , the tissues of the penis become engorged with blood , so that it stands erect , while in women the tissues surrounding the vagina swell and fluid seeps through the vaginal walls , increasing lubrication .
The glans of the clitoris enlarges and hardens in a process similar to male erection .
While successful penetration and intercourse depends on the arousal of both sexes , it is the male erection – or its absence – that is the most frequent cause of problems .
A common difficulty is that men can get an erection but cannot hold it long enough to have sex .
In 75 per cent of men with impotence who have normal neurological and hormonal function , blood flows into the penis normally but flows out too rapidly .
Treatments for impotence have been painful , cumbersome and of limited effectiveness in the past – until the arrival of Viagra in 1997 .
An effective therapy in an oral tablet , it transformed the approach to male impotence .
The Government was so worried by the potential demand that it immediately restricted its availability on the NHS to men with diabetes , multiple sclerosis and other chronic conditions .
Even so , it rapidly became a global best seller .
Viagra works by increasing the blood flow to the penis , boosting performance when sexual arousal occurs .
Male journalists lucky enough to be asked to test the drug in its early days wrote almost universally enthusiastic reports , proving that it is a rare erection that cannot be improved , even in relatively young men .
A recent study suggested that Viagra has transformed the sex lives of the over - 70s who have found themselves able to continue having intimate relations for years , or even decades , longer than in the past .
But while men are performing better they are enjoying themselves less .
It is women who are reaping the benefits , reporting increased satisfaction with their sex lives , while in men satisfaction has declined .
The study was conducted in Sweden and published in the British Medical Journal in July .
Viagra 's success prompted drug companies to search for its female equivalent .
Could a similar drug do the same for women ?
Millions have been invested , but women are proving more complicated than men .
Female sexual dysfunction is a more diverse condition than male impotence .
Researchers have pointed out that it has four distinct categories : lack of desire , lack of arousal , pain on intercourse and lack of orgasm and that only one of these – lack of arousal – corresponds to impotence in men .
Trials have shown that Viagra can help some women with lack of arousal by increasing blood flow to the genitals .
But it cannot help the other three components of female sexual dysfunction .
A female testosterone patch , called Intrinsa , launched in the UK in 2007 , is claimed to restore the sex drive of women with low libido .
It has been shown to boost sexual desire in post - menopausal women , but it is currently only licensed for those with premature menopause caused by surgical removal of the ovaries , of whom there are one million in the UK .
Although testosterone is a male hormone , it is also produced in women at a lower level and plays a crucial role in sexual desire .
Levels of testosterone fall after the menopause as do levels of oestrogen .
There has been a fierce debate in recent years about the extent of female sexual dysfunction with one widely quoted study suggesting as many as 43 per cent of women may be affected .
Drug companies have been accused of stoking the issue to create new markets .
But some experts say the problem is under - recognised and under - treated .
They describe clinics packed with post - menopausal women worried about loss of libido .
" My patients complain bitterly of the loss of sex drive and satisfaction , and of difficulty in achieving orgasm .
The drug companies have not invented it , we need to have a treatment that is safe , reliable and cheap , " said one gynaecologist .
Critics say there is a danger of seeing problems where they do n't exist .
Lack of desire may be widespread , but it is not perceived as a problem by many women – and men – who may feel relief as advancing years bring freedom from the need , or the demand , to have sex .
This was borne out by a survey of 1,000 women and 450 men in north London , published in the British Medical Journal in 2003 , which revealed that 40 per cent of the women and 22 per cent of men reported at least one sexual problem .
But those who mentioned " lack of sexual desire " were much less likely to have visited their doctor for treatment than those with other problems .
The implication , the researchers from the Royal free Hospital said , was that lack of desire was not necessarily an " obstacle to satisfactory sexual relations " .
" For many people reduced sexual interest may be a normal adaptation to stress or an unsatisfactory relationship , " they added .
As they age , men and women may hope to achieve some kind of sexual accommodation with one another .
Along the way there is certain to be tension , reflecting in part their differing physiology and needs .
Men are still expected to make sex happen , and women to respond .
That causes some to question the whole notion of female sexual dysfunction .
The clinical psychologist , Dorothy Rowe , expresses the cynical view .
It is , she says , " something men dream up when women wo n't do what they want " .
The facility would be similar to the Resolution Trust Corporation , which was set up in the late 1980s to take on all the failed thrift assets during the savings and loan crisis , these sources said .
Paulson is said to be shopping the proposal to lawmakers in Congress , a congressional aide told Reuters .
Such a move , according to its advocates , would allow banks to shovel bad debt off their balance sheets and send them back to business as usual .
In turn , that could allow the housing market to recover because it would restore banks willingness to lend .
" This will bring real trust back into the market . "
Donald Marron , chairman of Lightyear Capital , said on CNBC .
" It would free up real , spendable capital in these organizations .
They can use that to make loans , to make transactions and to build confidence in the system .
This is a confidence crisis . "
The news sparked a big rally in stocks after a day in which investors remained nervous about the spreading effects the global credit crisis .
Europe and Asiaclosed lower .
Stocks also got a lift after Britain announced Thursday that it would bar short - selling until January .
Meanwhile , Calpers , the nation 's biggest pension fund , said it would no longer lend out Morgan Stanley or Goldman Sachs shares to short - sellers , who profit from stock declines , the Wall Street Journal said .
Both stocks have been pummeled recently by heavy short - selling .
Both decisions came after U.S. securities regulators reimposed tightener rules on short - sellers .
Meanwhile , U.S. asset manager Putnam Investments said it had closed its $ 15 billion Prime Money Market Funddue to redemption pressures .
That followed Tuesday 's news that another big money - market fund , Reserve Primary Fund , fell below $ 1 a share in net asset value .
For Investors
Overnight , the Federal Reserve announced coordinated moves with five of the world 's major central banks to add up to $ 180 billion in liquidity to global money markets , which had virtually frozen up this week after upheaval on Wall Street .
The move gave some reassurance to panicked investors and sparked rallies , though stocks later lost ground amid concern about more failures of big financial institutions .
Morgan Stanley topped the list of major financial firms scrambling to find a buyer , with CNBC reporting that the No. 2 Wall Street investment bank was in advanced merger talks with Wachovia .
Morgan , whose shares are down 50 percent this month , has also approached Chinese sovereign wealth fund China Investment Corp about boosting its stake in Morgan Stanley , following a $ 5 billion investment late last year .
CNN reports on the madness that is John McCain .
Transcript below .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ss_54lAXrDA]
WOLF BLITZER : Meanwhile , John McCain has been drawing some harsh criticism from conservatives over his plans for social security and a fresh hint , just a hint right now , that he possibly would even consider raising taxes in order to help save social security .
As they say .
Mary snow has been working this story for us .
It ’s generated some unusual criticism from the — for the Republican candidate from some conservatives out there , has n’t it Mary ?
MARY SNOW : It has , wolf , because senator McCain is drawing fire from one group that supports his economic proposals over rival Barack Obama .
The anti-tax group says McCain is sending a mixed message and needs to not blur any lines .
MCCAIN : First person –
SNOW : High on John McCain ’s to - do list should the Republican presidential hopeful be elected – fix Social Security .
MCCAIN : Sit down with the Democrats and say , look , let ’s fix social security .
We cannot mortgage our children ’s future .
SNOW : But exactly how McCain plans to save the system is gaining scrutiny .
In an interview with ABC ’s “ This Week ” he left open the possibility he may raise payroll taxes for social security .
GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS :
So that means payroll tax increases are on the table as well ?
MCCAIN : There is nothing that ’s off the table .
I have my positions and I ’ll articulate them , but nothing is off the table .
SNOW : That statement drew fire from the fiscal conservative group the Club for Growth .
It wrote a letter to McCain saying it ’s shocking as McCain has been vocal about not raising taxes .
MCCAIN : The choice in this election is stark and simple .
Senator Obama will raise your taxes .
I wo n’t .
ANDREW ROTH : John McCain is trying to have his cake and eat it , too .
He ’s trying to appeal to both conservatives saying that he will be against tax hikes , and then he ’s trying to appeal to independents saying that he ’ll work with Democrats in order to reform social security .
He needs to get off the fence and pick a side , basically .
SNOW : We asked an economic adviser for McCain to clarify , is there a contradiction between saying he does n’t want to raise taxes but saying he ’ll leave open the possibility for higher payroll taxes for social security ?
KEVIN HASSET : I know that he does n’t want to increase taxes .
He thinks social security can be fixed without raising tax rates .
And he also wants to sit down at the table and negotiate in good faith with Democrats .
So — so I do n’t see how those are inconsistent at all .
SNOW : But adding to the confusion , the McCain campaign spokesman earlier today said in an interview , quote , there is no imaginable circumstance where John McCain would raise payroll taxes , adding it ’s absolutely out of the question .
Separately today in Sparks , Nevada , McCain was asked by a young girl if he would raise taxes if elected .
He said flat - out , ‘ no ’ .
Wolf ?
Thanks ,
Mary , for that update .
Mary
Snow working this sensitive story for us .
Jenna Fischer Hosts The Fur Ball For Kitten Rescue
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
The Office ’s Jenna Fischer played host Sunday evening for the first annual “ Fur Ball ” in Los Angeles .
The event was held to celebrate 10 years for the non-profit Kitten Rescue and the more than 9,000 lives they ’ve helped save .
Celebrity guests included Emily Deschanel ( Bones ) , Wendi McLendon - Covey ( Reno 911 ) , Daniela Sea ( The L Word ) and Kent King ( General Hospital ) .
One of my new favorite television actresses , Tricia Helfer ( Burn Notice ) , received the Kitten Rescue Advocacy Award .
Fischer said that her love for cats is very similar to that of a character from The Office .
“ In the show , Angela has all these elaborate procedures for her cat .
I ’ve done all that – the eye drops and ear swabs .
I ’ve checked their poop and massaged their tummy . ” said Fischer , who has fostered 9 cats .
All of the money raised from the Fur Ball will go directly to Kitten Rescue — whose larger goal is to help the city of Los Angeles become a no-kill city .
For more information , please visit their official site here .
Check out the gallery below for additional snaps .
For pastors to endorse McCain is kind of hilarious because they hate him almost as much as liberals do , but something should be done about this .
Defying a federal law that prohibits U.S. clergy from endorsing political candidates from the pulpit , an evangelical Christian minister told his congregation Sunday that voting for Sen.
Barack Obama would be evidence of " severe moral schizophrenia . "
Johnson and 32 other pastors across the country set out Sunday to break the rules , hoping to generate a legal battle that will prompt federal courts to throw out a 54 - year - old ban on political endorsements by tax - exempt houses of worship .
The ministers contend they have a constitutional right to advise their worshipers how to vote .
As Johnson put it during a break between sermons , " The point that the IRS says you can't do it , I 'm saying you 're wrong . "
They want this to be an issue .
Just remove their tax free status ( preceded by a lengthy , expensive audit ) and be done with it for all those that break the law .
More at Project Fairplay , which specifically targets these abuses by churches and pastors .
AUGUST 15 -- Following an undercover operation , Colorado police this month broke up a prostitution business running out of a massage parlor known as Tokyo Sauna .
Broomfield Police Department officers arrested a 54 - year - old woman on a prostitution charge and a 65 - year - old male customer for patronizing a hooker .
But the big catch was the 48 - year - old woman who allegedly ran the prostitution operation .
She was charged with pimping , pandering , and keeping a place of prostitution .
Mi Sook
You is her name .
Honest .
She is pictured in a mug shot taken following her August 6 arrest .
( 2 pages )
It is my first and last day at sewage school .
The premises are nothing much to look at , consisting of a Portakabin in the car park of Barston , a small sewage - treatment works near Birmingham .
This classroom is one of five run by Severn Trent , one of the 10 utilities that supply clean drinking water and remove dirty water for the people of England and Wales .
The education programme is fully funded by the utility in an attempt to reveal its vital job to a public that does n't pay it mind .
They think it 's a good investment .
Today 's class comes from a nearby primary school .
After a brief trot through the water cycle and some green lessons - washing a car with a hosepipe uses nine litres of water a minute , children , so use buckets - the sewage pupils put on their wellies for the tour .
First , the influent , brown water rushing in from the sewers , visible through a hole in the ground .
Then the compactor that crunches up objects screened by grills .
It 's not moving , sir , they say , but it is , spitting out in slow - motion rags and pen caps and hundreds of the yellow sweetcorn kernels that humans can't digest , prized by picnicking birds .
Wastewater treatment is much - tinkered - with - 1,000 works will have 999 different processes , a worker tells me - but the basics are unchangeable .
Solids are removed from sewage first by filtering and letting them sink .
This is primary treatment .
Secondary treatment involves micro-organisms , bolstered by added oxygen , that break down any organic content still in the wastewater .
The bacteria - cleaned effluent goes into a nearby stream .
The children lean over obediently to look at its colour .
It 's clear !
Not brown !
And then it 's time to make sewage soup .
It has been a long time since sewage consisted of pure human faecal material .
Into sewage , anything goes .
An enterprising American sewage - treatment manager once expressed this by producing water bottles supposedly made from sewage effluent .
Their labels listed the ingredients : water , faecal matter , toilet paper , hair , lint , rancid grease , stomach acid and trace amounts of Pepto Bismol , chocolate , urine , body oils , dead skin , industrial chemicals ( aluminium , copper , zinc , lead , chromium , nickel , molybdenum , selenium , silver , arsenic , mercury ) ammonia , soil , laundry soap , bath soap , shaving cream , sweat , saliva , salt , sugar .
So the ingredients of sewage soup are a tankful of water and whatever else the class might have put down the sink , toilet , gutter or drain that day .
The children suggest shampoo , soap , toothpaste , washing powder , rice and salt , which the teacher adds into a tankful of water .
" Number one " is lime cordial .
" Number two " is soggy Weetabix .
The rest of the lesson involves filtering the filth out of the water , in an attempt to impart the difficulty - and dubious sanity - of the paradigm of waterborne waste treatment in modern industrialised societies , whereby you take clean drinking water , throw filth into it , then spend millions to clean it again .
My team gets a passable liquid from the filtering .
They are pleased .
But no one has considered the stuff that 's been filtered .
No one mentions the sludge .
When sewage is cleaned and treated , the dirt that is removed is called sewage sludge .
The UK produces 1.44 m tonnes of it a year , and it has to go somewhere .
The most common options consist of incineration , landfill , application to farmland and dumping at sea .
The EU banned ocean dumping in 1998 , as the nutrients in human waste - nitrogen and phosphorous , for a start - can , in great quantities , suffocate the life from water .
The public does n't much like incineration , and landfill space is running out .
So 68 % of our sludge is applied to fields , a fact that translated into newspaper headlines last month as " human sewage [ is ] used for our cereals , " beside a photograph of a woman eating cornflakes .
Reader reaction was predictable .
One commenter swore never to shop at supermarkets again .
Another pronounced the practice " disgusting " .
But on the forum of Farmers Weekly , the farmers let rip .
" It 's great stuff , " wrote one , " and probably better than the raw cow muck that goes on . "
The public 's horror was yet another reason that " the general public , and the media , should not be allowed out on farms ... without serious education beforehand " .
In fact , sludge used as fertiliser is n't news .
Nor is it going away , given the rising price of artificial fertilisers .
Severn Trent reports a 25 % increase in demand from farmers since January .
Anglian Water has a waiting list .
And why not ?
Sludge contains nitrogen and phosphorous , which farmers and crops love .
It 's often given away free , and it saves farmers about £ 450 per hectare that they would otherwise spend on fertiliser .
Water UK , an association of the water utilities , reckons 3,000 farmers - out of 146,000 in total - use sludge each year , applying it to all kinds of arable land .
Nor is it unusual .
Human waste has been used to fertilise fields for thousands of years .
China 's willingness to use untreated sewage on its fields is probably the reason its soil is still fertile after 4,000 years of cultivation , when other civilisations such as the Maya watched their crops wither and their soil erode .
A recent report by the International Water Management Institute calculated that 200 million farmers worldwide were using raw sewage to irrigate their crops .
Properly treated , sewage could have a place in the nutrient cycle .
Food feeds humans whose waste feeds food .
And sludge is not raw sewage , which can carry at least 50 communicable diseases .
It is treated and regulated ( the better stuff has to have 99.9999 % of pathogens , including salmonella , removed ; the lower - quality sludge has to have 99 % ) .
Heavy metals are also regulated , as are harvesting and sowing times ( farmers must wait 30 months before sowing vegetables after using lower - quality sludge , for example ) .
In principle , it makes perfect sense .
The British government considers sludge as fertiliser " the best practicable environmental option " .
Steve Ntifo of Water UK is convinced that sludge is safe " subject to regulation " .
But in the US , where 3 m tonnes of sludge are applied to farmland , an increasingly vocal anti-sludge movement does n't agree .
Though sludge has been rebranded " biosolids " ( after a naming competition that also produced " bioslurp " and " black gold " ) , the debate over its use has become controversial and bitter .
It has involved lawsuits , high politics , secret settlements and scores of allegations of illness .
Some of those allegations have come from a quiet corner of North Carolina , from a picture - postcard small white bungalow opposite unremarkable brown fields .
The house is owned by Nancy Holt , a retired nurse , whose family have farmed in this area for 250 years .
The fields ,
Holt thinks , are killing her .
I visited Holt on a hot August day last year .
She greeted me with a hug and a cold flannel for my head , then sat me down at the kitchen table and prepared the weapons of the grassroots protester : piles of files , dossiers , reports and a scientific vocabulary that she has accumulated along with frustration and disbelief .
The year before , she told me , sludge was applied for 33 days straight to the fields .
" Based on the number of 6,000 - gallon tankers that came to apply it , we came up with the best guess that 9.75 m gallons [ were ] spread on 160 acres .
They were doing it 12 hours a day and a truck would arrive every 10 minutes . "
That was when Holt went blind .
She was n't a well woman to begin with .
When I 'd called to make the appointment , she 'd apologised for misunderstanding something by saying , " I have holes in my head . "
I took it as a joke , but she does have holes in her head , after surgery which left her with metal clamps in her brain .
One time when the sludge was applied - it 's been arriving twice a year , spring and summer , for 13 years - the arteries in her brain swelled , pressed on her optic nerve and temporarily took away her sight .
The diagnosis was the blood - vessel disorder , giant cell arteritis , but no cause was proven .
Holt is sure the cause was the sludge , and she now spends much of her life trying to prove it .
The trouble began in the creeks .
In 2001 , Holt 's grandson and great - nephew were diagnosed with staphylococcus aureus ( " staph " ) , a bacterial infection usually associated with dirty hospitals , and most famous for its antibiotic - resistant superbug strain MRSA .
She noticed that they fell sick after playing in the streams running behind the house .
Then a local dog fell ill to flesh - eating bacteria .
Then someone organised a fundraiser for a couple who both had cancer , and people started taking a tally of incidents .
The Cook family : three daughters with breast cancer .
The Hoffmans : a mother with colon cancer , a father with prostate cancer and a 13 - year - old son with testicular cancer .
Five cases of brain cancer in a community of 38 families .
Holt started to keep records .
She made a list of health problems associated with exposure to applied sludge that included " increased respiratory distress or breathing difficulties ; diarrhoea ( chronic during sludge applications , all ages ) ; chronic and acute headaches ( persistent after exposure to odours , relieved by leaving residence ) ; staph infections ( children covered by staph sores after playing in creeks or streams after significant rains ) ; presumed neurotoxin sensitivity ( seizures , nausea , elevated blood pressure , and rash ) . "
In this , she was n't alone .
Another sludge activist called Helane Shields had compiled a dossier of complaints 500 pages thick .
The Waste Management Institute at Cornell University , directed by Professor Ellen Harrison , has gathered 350 sludge - related health complaints , and lists characteristic symptoms as : asthma , flu - like symptoms , eye irritations , lesions , immuno - deficiency , nosebleeds , burning eyes , throat or nose .
Nancy began to read the literature , including news stories about the work of Dr Tyrone Hayes , who found that frogs were being deformed by mixtures of pesticides , even when individual pesticides were well within legal limits .
She handed me articles about the transmission of prions - infectious agents linked to BSE - from funeral - home waste , and about outbreaks of e-coli in Californian spinach .
She talked at top speed about antibiotics in the sewage , and how only the strongest and fittest survive and that if we wanted to create superbugs , we could n't do better .
She did n't let up for two hours , and by the end was still running on indignation .
People who promote and supply biosolids , depending on how courteous they are , tend to dismiss opponents such as Holt as anything from over - emotive to hysterical .
Cranks .
Nimbyists .
The problem , they say , is about smell , not science .
Humans have learned to avoid what is dangerous , and faeces can be lethal .
Faecal aversion , one wastewater treatment manager told me , is clouding risk perception .
He showed me a bottle of vitamins which contained the heavy metal selenium .
" You 'd have to eat 212 pounds of our biosolids to get what your body needs . "
But criticism of sludge has come from quarters that no one could call over - emotive .
Robert Swank , a senior Environmental Protection Agency official , testified to the US Senate in 2000 that US regulations " do n't pass scientific muster " .
In 2002 , a senior EPA microbiologist called Dr David Lewis led a University of Georgia study that analysed 53 incidents where health issues had been reported near sludge sites , and found a puzzlingly high incidence of staph infections .
Lewis thought chemical irritants in sludge may be causing lesions that allowed staph easy access to the bloodstream .
He told reporters : " In my opinion , the land - spreading of sludge is a serious problem .
We have mixed together pathogens with a wide variety of chemicals that are known to enhance the infection process .
It makes people more susceptible to infections . "
Taking excrement from hundreds of thousands of people , mixing it and spreading it on land is simply " not a good idea " .
Not long afterwards , he was fired .
The Harper - Collins Dictionary of Environmental Science defines sludge as " a viscous , semi - solid mixture of bacteria and virus - laden organic matter , toxic metals , synthetic organic chemicals and settled solids removed from domestic industrial wastewater at a sewage - treatment plant " .
The Clean Water
Act keeps it simple and calls it a pollutant .
Critics do n't just object to possible risks to human health : Ellen Harrison of Cornell University , a soil scientist by training , also worries about the health of soil .
In a paper entitled " The Case for Caution " , she pointed out that " lead used by Romans persists in the soil two millennia later " .
Of course soil science is extremely complex , and long - term tests run by Defra looking at metals in sludge - applied land have found no cause for concern .
Even so , Switzerland - which used to land - apply 40 % of its sludge - has banned the practice because of fears from farmers that it was harming their soil .
The Netherlands has banned agricultural use of sludge , and national farmers ' associations in France , Germany , Sweden , Luxembourg and Finland are against it , partly because of concerns about organic contaminants such as PCBs and brominated flame retardants ( linked to liver and neurodevelopmental toxicity and hormone disruption ) , which some research has shown persist in sludge .
Food retailers Del Monte , Kraft and Heinz wo n't accept produce grown on sludge - fertilised fields .
EU organic regulations - which are followed by all UK organic certification bodies - wo n't allow it , even though the principle of closing the nutrient cycle is one that is dear to organic hearts .
Ntifo attributes the Swiss ban to " a powerful incineration lobby " .
Opposition from food retailers , meanwhile , is about " a perception of perceptions " .
Food retailers worry what their customers think .
" They are calculating their commercial risk .
It 's not about the science . "
Water UK states that " there has never been a recorded outbreak of human ill health in the UK as a result of the practice of recycling biosolids to land . "
I do n't know who is right .
But I see the certainty of the sludge industry , and I think of a different century when engineering and science began to have inordinate confidence , which was expressed by Sir Joseph Bazalgette during an 1870 inquiry into the pollution of the Thames .
The vicar of Barking and 123 of his neighbours had objected to Bazalgette 's practice of discharging all London 's sewage into the river .
Bazalgette , called to the inquiry , showed himself to be as sure of himself as the biosolids promoters of today .
The possibility that the river was being polluted was , he asserted , " entirely imaginary and contrary to the fact " .
Eight years later , the Princess Alice steamboat collided with a dredger near the outfall , and more than 600 people died .
Survivors reported that they could not swim in such noxious waters , and that they vomited copiously .
The outfalls were closed 20 years later .
It is not recorded whether Bazalgette ever admitted he had been wrong .
PCBs were considered safe for decades .
So was DDT .
In the US , the most authoritative document on sludge is still a 2002 report by the National Academy of Sciences , which concluded that " there is no documented scientific evidence that the Part 503 rules [ which govern biosolids use ] have failed to protect public health " .
But opponents quote the following sentence instead because it reads : " However , additional scientific work is needed to reduce persistent uncertainty about the potential for adverse human health effects from exposure to biosolids . "
The sentences are quoted endlessly because , in Harrison 's view , " there is a dearth of investigation in this area " .
Those two sentences are the scraps that each side fights the other over .
In between , there is space for speculation and fear .
In the US , the fate of the biosolids industry may be decided by lawyers .
Though three deaths of young men allegedly from sludge - linked staph infections did n't reach court ( one was settled by Synagro , a sludge - applying giant now owned by the Carlyle Group ) , those of cows have .
In 2006 , a Georgia court awarded damages to a dairy farmer when 30 % of his cattle died after eating sludge - applied hay , 10 times the normal mortality rate .
An Associated Press investigation found that levels of thallium - a metal that can cause nerve damage - in the herd 's milk were 120 times those allowed in drinking water ( and that the milk was still sold for human consumption ) .
This year , Judge Anthony Alaimo of Georgia found that another dairy farm had been acutely contaminated by sludge .
Scientific data supplied by the municipality of Augusta that claimed to prove the safety of biosolids was , the judge declared , " unreliable , incomplete and in some cases fudged " .
Are biosolids safe ?
" I am always hesitant to answer that , " says Eric Davis , the land application manager for Burlington , North Carolina , which supplies the biosolids that are spread on the fields near Holt , " because safe means something to some folks and something else to others .
That does n't mean we 're trying to hide anything .
If safety means compliance with the letter of the law , then our biosolids are safe .
There are a finite number of constituents we can test for : outside those , you 're in the realm of unknowns .
We 're always trying to figure out the next step .
We 're willing to change as technology changes . "
This would n't comfort the lone voice of opposition on the Farmers Weekly forum .
Though in the minority , he was forthright .
" I wo n't have sludge on my land .
The heavy metals just sit in the plough layer waiting until someone realises there are long - term problems for animals , crops and us .
I honestly believe that all those who [ use sludge ] will live to regret it . "
• Rose George is the author of The Big Necessity : Adventures in the World of Human Waste , published by Portobello Books on Monday priced £ 12.99
· This article was amended on Wednesday October 22 2008 .
Nancy
Holt lives in North Carolina rather than South Carolina as we originally said in the article above .
This has been corrected .
I ’m surprised to see people still looking for this blog and some of the older entries .
Regulars to my writing will know that I ’ve moved to the more neutral ...
8 years ago
Two research teams are announcing this month that they have successfully converted sugar - potentially derived from agricultural waste and non-food plants - into gasoline , diesel , jet fuel and a range of other valuable chemicals .
Chemical engineer Randy Cortright and his colleagues at Virent Energy Systems of Madison , Wisc. , and researchers led by NSF - supported chemical engineer James Dumesic of the University of Wisconsin at Madison are now announcing that sugars and carbohydrates can be processed like petroleum into the full suite of products that drive the fuel , pharmaceutical and chemical industries .
The physical properties of Virent 's Biogasoline product spontaneously separate from water .
This requires very little energy for processing compared with the energy - intensive process of distillation required for ethanol purification .
( Photo Credit : Virent Energy Systems , Inc. Contact Virent for image permissions and use . )
The process Virent discovered in early 2006 , and announced at the Growing the Bioeconomy conference sponsored by Iowa State University on Sept. 9 , 2008 , is the subject of patent applications published last week .
That announcement was followed this month by the publication of a separate discovery of the same process in the Dumesic laboratory .
Dumesic and his colleagues announced their findings in the Sept. 18 , 2008 online ScienceExpress .
The key to the breakthrough is a process developed by both Dumesic and Cortright called aqueous phase reforming .
In passing a watery slurry of plant - derived sugar and carbohydrates over a series of catalysts - materials that speed up reactions without sacrificing themselves in the process - carbon - rich organic molecules split apart into component elements that recombine to form many of the chemicals that are extracted from non-renewable petroleum .
According to Dumesic , a key feature of the approach is that between the sugar or starch starter materials and the hydrocarbon end products , the chemicals go through an intermediate stage as an organic liquid composed of functional compounds .
" The intermediate compounds retain 95 percent of the energy of the biomass but only about 40 percent of the mass , and can be upgraded into different types of transportation fuels , such as gasoline , jet and diesel fuels , " said Dumesic .
" Importantly , the formation of this functional intermediate oil does not require the need for an external source of hydrogen , " he added , since hydrogen comes from the slurry itself .
As part of a suite of second generation biofuel alternatives , green gasoline approaches like aqueous phase reforming are generating interest across the academic and industrial communities because they yield a product that is compatible with existing infrastructure , closer than many other alternatives in their net energy yield , and most importantly , can be crafted from plants grown in marginal soils , like switchgrass , or from agricultural waste .
While several years of further development will be needed to refine the process and scale it for production , the promise of gasoline and other petrochemicals from renewable plants has led to broad industrial interest .
Virent 's process , called BioForming , is allowing the company to address one of the key goals of NSF 's SBIR program , commercialization , and a broader NSF target , American competitiveness .
A recent alliance with one of the world 's largest energy companies aims to bring these alternative fuels to market , and investment from major automotive and agricultural companies from around the world are broadening the company 's impact .
" The early support of NSF helped lay the groundwork for our technical , and subsequent industrial , successes , " said Cortright , chief technology officer at Virent .
" Our scientists now have years of expertise with our BioForming process and are rapidly moving the technology to commercial scale .
We are quickly working to put our renewable , green gasoline and other hydrocarbon biofuels in fuel tanks all over the world . "
Added Rose Wesson , the NSF program officer who oversaw Virent 's grant , " The technology developed by Virent is extremely promising , and has been refined over the last six years .
The aqueous phase reforming process used by both research is an innovative approach that may yield an important , positive impact on the energy demands of the U.S. and worldwide . "
joobz Tergiversator
Join Date : Aug 2006 Posts : 17,998
A Christian Sceptic Originally Posted by
Apparently it 's one of their lines .
The thread where I questioned some of their conclusions / beliefs on hell is still live - although once they accused me of spreading one of the greatest damnations one of them had ever heard ( I said I believe all people are God 's children , in case you 're wondering what the greatest damnation is ) and once they told me my doctrine ( doctrine ?
I just shared some hopes I had that hell might not be eternal for some ) was severely twisted they stopped posting in the thread .
At least it was n't deleted .
Apparently it 's one of their lines .
The thread where I questioned some of their conclusions / beliefs on hell is still live - although once they accused me of spreading one of the greatest damnations one of them had ever heard ( I said I believe all people are God 's children , in case you 're wondering what the greatest damnation is ) and once they told me my doctrine ( doctrine ?
I just shared some hopes I had that hell might not be eternal for some ) was severely twisted they stopped posting in the thread .
At least it was n't deleted .
He was also Bhuddist .
Anyway , I remember learning in Sunday school about how christ is the only way ...
I asked what about those who lead good decent lives but were n't christian .
Well , they are going to hell , according to the teacher .
I asked , " What about those who never heard of Christ "
" well , they will have a chance on judgement day , but if they are exposed to christ and deny Christ ... then they will go to hell . "
And this bothered me completely .
Even at that age I knew that had I been brought up bhuddist , I would be bhuddist .
There is no way I would convert and hurt my family .
This seemed so horrible and unfair .
Why would people love and worship a god who would be so unfair .
When I was 10 years old , I had a friend who I completely admired .
He was the smartest in the class , the nicest guy , polite and funny .
While he would easily fit the nerd stereotype , no one really picked on him .
He was also Bhuddist .
Anyway , I remember learning in Sunday school about how christ is the only way ...
I asked what about those who lead good decent lives but were n't christian .
Well , they are going to hell , according to the teacher .
I asked , " What about those who never heard of Christ " " well , they will have a chance on judgement day , but if they are exposed to christ and deny Christ ... then they will go to hell .
" And this bothered me completely .
Even at that age I knew that had I been brought up bhuddist , I would be bhuddist .
There is no way I would convert and hurt my family .
This seemed so horrible and unfair .
Why would people love and worship a god who would be so unfair .
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
Scientists have produced the cells that make up delicate inner ear hairs in mouse embryos , a step that could point the way to reversing hearing loss and curing congenital deafness .
Sensory hair cells inside the cochlea , the auditory portion of the inner ear , convert sound waves into electrical impulses that are delivered to the brain .
The loss of these minute hairs , or the nerves that control them , is the most common cause of hearing impairment and so - called nerve deafness [ ABC Science ] .
Researchers used gene therapy to create the crucial cells :
They used a virus to introduce a gene into the mice embryos , which caused non-sensory cells to turn into cochlear hair cells .
While this preliminary experiment was done on normal - hearing mice , the discovery that the engineered cochlear cells functioned as well as natural cells was an important step .
Says lead researcher John Brigande :
" One approach to restore auditory function is to replace defective cells with healthy new cells ....
Our work shows that it is possible to produce functional auditory hair cells in the mammalian cochlea " [ Reuters ] .
Humans are born with about 30,000 inner ear hair cells , which are fairly fragile ;
loud noises can damage the hair cells and age can deplete them , resulting in hearing loss [ ScienceNOW Daily News ] .
Humans , like other mammals , can't regenerate these sensory cells naturally , so people who experience hearing loss try to get get around the problem in another way .
Currently , people can have a cochlear implant which works by bypassing the damaged cochlear hair cells and stimulating the auditory nerve directly .
An implant cannot restore hearing to normal but it does give the sensation of sounds [ BBC News ] .
The new study , published in the journal Nature [ subscription required ] , suggests that deafness could be entirely reversed by creating new cells .
But researchers say the current study is only the first step in that direction .
As for human tests , Dr Brigande says that the work is at too early a stage to say when they can start : " There is no present plan for tests in humans .
The next step is to restore hearing in a deaf mouse [ Telegraph ] .
Image : flickr / sutefani in orlando
Practical Fluid Dynamics : Part 1
By Mick West
[ In this technical article originally printed in Game Developer magazine , Neversoft co-founder Mick West looks at how to efficiently implement fluid effects - from smoke to water and beyond - in video games , with example code . ]
Fluid effects , such as rising smoke and turbulent water flow , are everywhere in nature but are seldom implemented convincingly in computer games .
The simulation of fluids ( which covers both liquids and gases ) is computationally very expensive .
It 's also mentally expensive , with even introductory papers on the subject relying on the reader to have math skills at least at the undergraduate calculus level .
In this two - part article , I will attempt to address both these problems from the perspective of a game programmer who 's not necessarily conversant with vector calculus .
I 'll explain how certain fluid effects work without using advanced equations and without too much new terminology .
I 'll also describe one way of implementing the simulation of fluids in an efficient manner without the expensive iterative diffusion and projection steps found in other implementations .
A working demonstration in ZIP form with source code accompanies this article ; example output from this can be seen in Figure 1 .
FIGURE 1 Smoke output is shown from the accompanying code .
Grids and Particles
There are several ways of simulating the motion of fluids , but they all generally divide into two common styles : grid methods and particle methods .
In a grid method , the fluid is represented by dividing up the space a fluid might occupy into individual cells and storing how much of the fluid is in each cell .
In a particle method , the fluid is modeled as a large number of particles that move around and react to collisions with the environment , interacting with nearby particles .
Let 's focus first on simulating fluids with grids .
The simplest way to discuss the grid method is in respect to a regular two - dimensional grid , although the techniques apply equally well in three dimensions .
At the most basic level , to simulate fluid in the space covered by a grid you need two grids : one to store the density of liquid or gas at each point and another to store the velocity of the fluid .
Figure 2 shows a representation of this , with each point having a velocity vector and containing a density value ( not shown ) .
The actual implementation of these grids in C / C++ is most efficiently done as one - dimensional arrays .
The amount of fluid in each cell is represented as a float .
The velocity grid ( also referred to as a velocity field , or vector field ) could be represented as an array of 2D vectors , but for coding simplicity it 's best represented as two separate arrays of floats , one for X and one for Y .
FIGURE 2
The fluid density moves over a field of velocities , with a density stored at each point .
In addition to these two grids , we can have any number of other matching grids that store various attributes .
Again , each will be stored as a matching array of floats , which can store factors such as the temperature of the fluid at each point or the color of the fluid ( whereby you can mix multiple fluids together ) .
You can also store more esoteric quantities such as humidity , for example , if you were simulating steam or cloud formation .
Advection
The fundamental operation in grid - based fluid dynamics is advection .
Advection is basically the moving of things on the grid , but more specifically , it 's moving the quantities stored in one array by the movement vectors stored in the velocity arrays .
It 's quite simple to understand what 's happening if you think of each point on the grid as an individual particle , with some attribute ( density ) and a velocity .
Then you are familiar with the process of moving a particle by adding the velocity vector to the position vector .
On the grid , however , the possible positions are fixed , so all we can do is move ( advect ) the quantity ( density ) from one grid point to another .
In addition to advecting the density value , we also need to advect all the other quantities associated with the point .
This would include additional attributes such as temperature and color , but also the velocity of the point itself .
The process of moving a velocity field over itself is referred to as self - advection .
The grid does not represent a series of discrete quantities , density or otherwise ; it actually represents ( inaccurately ) a smooth surface , with the grid points just being sample points on that surface .
Think of the points as being X , Y vertices of a 3D mesh , with the density field being the Z height .
Thus , you can pick any X and Y position on the mesh , and find the Z value at that point by interpolating between the closest four points .
Similarly while advecting a value across the grid , the destination point will not fall directly on a grid point , and you 'll have to interpolate the value into the four grid points closest to the target position .
FIGURE 3 Forward advection :
The value in P moves forward to A , B , C , and D .
This dissipates it when moving diagonally .
In Figure 3 , point P has a velocity V , which , after a time step of t , will put it in position P´=P+t* V .
This point falls between the points A , B , C , and D , and so a bit of P has to go into each of them .
Generally , t*V will be significantly smaller than the width of a cell , so one of the points A , B , C , or D will be P itself .
There are various inaccuracies when advecting an entire grid like this , particularly that quantities dissipate when moving in a direction that is not axis - aligned .
But this inaccuracy can be turned to our advantage .
Stam 's Advection
Programmers looking into grid - based fluid dynamics for the first time will most often come across the work of Jos Stam and Ron Fedkiw , particularly Stam 's paper " Real - Time Fluid Dynamics for Games , " which he presented at the 2003 Game Developers Conference .
He describes a very short procedure for making a grid - based fluid simulator .
In particular , he shows how to implement the advection step using what he calls a " linear backtrace , " which simply means that instead of moving the point forward in space , he inverts the velocity and finds the source point in the opposite direction , essentially back in time .
He then takes the interpolated density value from that source ( which , again , will lay between four actual grid points ) , and moves the value into the point P. See Figure 4 for an example .
FIGURE 4 Reverse advection :
The new value in P is gathered from E , F , G , and H , one of which ( H ) is usually the same point as P .
Stam 's approach produces visually pleasing results , yet suffers from a number of problems .
First , the specific collection of techniques discussed may be covered by an existing patent ( U.S. # 6,266,071 ) , although as Stam notes , backtracing dates back to 1952 .
Check with a lawyer if this is a concern to you .
On a more practical note , the advection alone as Stam describes it simply does not work accurately unless the velocity field is smooth in a way termed mass conserving , or incompressible .
Consider the case of a vector field in which all the velocities are zero except for one .
The velocity cannot move ( advect ) forward through the field , since there 's nothing ahead of it to " pull " it forward .
Instead , the velocity simply bleeds backward .
The resultant velocity field will terminate at the original point , and any quantities moving through this field will end up there .
We can solve this particular problem by adding a step to the algorithm termed projection .
Projection essentially smooths out the velocity by making it incompressible , allowing the backtracing advection to work perfectly and making the paths formed by the velocity " swirly , " as if it were real water .
The problem with this approach is that projection is quite expensive , requiring 20 iterations over the velocity field in order to " relax " it to a usable state .
Another performance problem with Stam 's approach is that he uses a diffusion step , which also involves 20 iterations over a field .
It 's necessary to allow the gas to spread out from areas of high density to areas of low density .
If the diffusion step were missing , solid blocks of the fluid would remain solid as they moved over the velocity field .
Diffusion is an important cosmetic step .
Accounting Advection
If a velocity field is not mass conserving , then some points will have multiple velocity vectors from other points pointing toward them .
If we simply move our scalar quantities ( like density ) along these vectors , there will be multiple quantities going to ( or coming from ) the same point , and the result will be a net loss or gain of the scalar quantity .
So , the total amount of something such as the density would either fade to zero or gradually ( or perhaps explosively ) increase .
The usual solution to this problem is to make sure the vector field is incompressible and mass conserving .
But as mentioned before , it 's computationally expensive to implement .
One partial solution is to make the advection step mass conserving , regardless of whether the velocity field is actually mass conserving .
The basis of this solution is to always account for any movement of a quantity by subtracting in one place what is added in another .
Advection uses a source and destination buffer to keep it independent of update order .
In Stam 's implementation , the destination buffer is simply filled one cell at a time by combining a value from four cells in the source buffer and placing this value into the destination buffer .
To properly account for compressible motion , we need to change this copying to accumulating , and initially make the destination buffer a copy of the source buffer .
As we move quantities from one place to another , we can subtract them in the source and add them in the destination .
With the forward advection in Figure 3 , we 're moving a quantity from point P to points A , B , C , and D .
To account for this , we simply subtract the original source value in P from the destination value in P , and then add it ( interpolated appropriately ) to A , B , C , and D .
The net change on the destination buffer is zero .
With the reverse advection in Figure 4 , as used by Stam , the solution would initially seem to be symmetrically the same : Subtract the interpolated source values in E , F , G , and H from the destination buffer , and add them to P .
While this method works fine for signed quantities such as velocity , the problem here is that quantities such as density are positive values .
They cannot drop below zero , as you cannot have a negative quantity of liquid .
Suppose that point E was one source point for two destinations P1 and P2 , both of which wanted 0.8 of E .
If we follow our initial plan and subtract 0.8 * E from E and add 0.8 * E to both P1 and P2 , the net effect is zero , but now the value at E is negative .
If we clamp E to zero , then there is a net gain of 0.6 * E .
If we subtract 0.8 * E from the source value of E after updating P1 , then when we update P2 , it will only get 0.8* 0.2*E , when clearly both P1 and P2 should get equal amounts .
Intuitively , it seems they should both get 0.5*E , and the resulting value in E should be zero , leading to a net zero change .
To achieve this result , we create a list that for each point , noting the four points of origin for each and the fraction of each point they want .
Simultaneously , we can accumulate the fractions asked of each source point .
In an ideal world , this would add up to one , as the entire value is being moved somewhere ( including partially back to where it started ) .
But with our compressible field , the amount of the value in each point that is being moved could be greater than or less than one .
If the total fraction required is greater than one , then we can simply scale all the requested fraction by this value , and the total will be one .
If less than one , the requesting points can have the full amount requested .
We should not scale in this case , as it will lead to significant errors .
With the mass conservation of advection fully accounted for in both directions , it turns out that neither forward nor backward linear advection alone will produce smooth results .
After some experimentation , I determined that applying forward advection followed by backward advection worked very well and gives a smooth and artifact - free flow of fluid over a compressible velocity field .
Now What ?
We can now perform both forward and reverse advection in a mass - conserving manner , meaning we can move fluid around its own velocity field .
But even though our velocity field does not need to be mass - conserving , we actually still want it to be , since the velocity fields of real world fluids generally are incompressible .
Stam solves this problem by expensively forcing the field to be fully mass conserving after every change .
It 's necessary , since the reverse advection requires it .
The key difference is that since our advection step does not require the field to be mass - conserving , we 're really only doing it for cosmetic purposes .
To that end , any method that rapidly approaches that state over several time steps will suit our purpose .
That method , and the method of diffusion , can be found in the accompanying code , and I will discuss how they work in the next instalment of the article .
[ EDITOR'S NOTE :
This article was independently written and commissioned by Gamasutra 's editors , since it was deemed of value to the community .
Its publishing has been made possible by Intel , as a platform and vendor - agnostic part of Intel 's Visual Computing microsite . ]
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Some U.S. motorists sick of getting clobbered at the pump seem willing to do just about anything for free fuel , from giving up the right to name their children to stealing from day - care centers to donating blood .
A gas station owner holds on to the money given to him by a customer to prepay for fuel at his station in Arlington , Virginia , June 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jim Young
In Orlando , Florida , David Partin pledged to name his son after local radio hosts to win a $ 100 gas card as part of a contest .
Partin will collect the card in December , when his son is born , if he can produce a birth certificate proving the baby is named Dixon Willoughby Partin , after the hosts .
“ ( His wife said ) this is his problem to explain when the child is older , ” Greg Stevens , WHTQ - FM program director told Reuters .
At the Shady Lady Ranch brothel in Beatty , Nevada , clients who spend $ 300 or more this month will receive $ 50 gas vouchers as part of a promotion to beat the summer slump in business .
“ It ’s rocking along .
We ’re doing quite well .
June and July historically are not big months , ” said James Davis , who co-owns the ranch with his wife , Bobbi .
The first $ 1,000 in gas cards were given out within a week , he added .
In Mesquite , Texas , thieves drained $ 100 worth of gasoline from buses used by the Higher Ground Church day - care center and have hit four or five other church center fleets in the area .
“ It was someone who was desperate , ” said James Green , the church ’s pastor .
“ All he had to do was come and ask us and we would have bought him a tank of gas . ”
The American Red Cross , meanwhile , is running a summer raffle where blood donors are eligible to win a year ’s supply of fuel .
At St. Ann ’s Parish in West Bridgewater , Massachusetts , the Rev. Edward McDonagh has decided to institute a drawing for a $ 50 gasoline card at weekly mass .
The drawings are symbolic gestures and not intended to boost attendance , he said .
“ When Jesus was at the wedding feast of Cana , the groom ran out of wine , he produced the wine for them , ” he said .
“ In that spirit , we feel that this might be comparable . ”
British chef Gordon Ramsay attends " GQ Men Of The Year Awards " at Royal Opera House in London on September 4 , 2007 .
( UPI Photo / Rune Hellestad ) | License Photo
REYKJAVIK , Iceland , July 28 ( UPI ) -- Scottish celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay admits he thought he was a " goner " when he fell off a cliff in Iceland while hunting puffins to cook on TV .
Ramsay was treated at his hotel for a leg gash he sustained during the incident on the Westman Islands .
He later went to London 's Cromwell Hospital where he received three stitches for a puffin bite he sustained on his nose , The Daily Telegraph reported Monday .
Advertisement
Ramsay reportedly slipped and fell into freezing water as he climbed down a 280 - foot drop while filming footage for his show " The F Word . "
" I thought I was a goner , " he told the British newspaper .
" I remember thinking : ' Oh , ( expletive . )
My boots and my waterproofs were dragging me down .
I 'm an extremely good swimmer , but I could n't get to the surface .
I was panicking and my lungs were filling with water .
When I got to the top after getting my boots off I was dazed and my head was totally numb . "
Ramsay 's crew threw him a line and pulled him to safety when he failed to surface after about 45 seconds , the Telegraph said .
As for the puffin peck , Ramsay told the newspaper : " I keep saying one of my kids punched me .
I 'm too embarrassed to say it was a puffin . "
Understanding How Glass - Steagall Act Impacts Investment Banking and the Role of Commercial Banks
Introduction to the Glass - Steagall Act [ Return to Top ]
The Glass - Steagall
Act has remained one of the pillars of banking law since its passage in 1933 by erecting a wall between commercial banking and investment banking .
In effect , the law keeps banks from doing business on Wall Street , and vice versa .
In actuality , there are two Glass Steagall measures .
The first was the Glass - Steagall Act of 1932 , a bookkeeping provision that allowed the Treasury to balance its account .
And what is commonly known today as the Glass - Steagall law is actually the Bank Act of 1933 , containing the provision erecting a wall between the banking and securities businesses .
It also laid the groundwork for legislation that would allow the Federal Reserve to let banks into the securities business in a limited way .
Causes For and Brief History of Glass - Steagall Act [ Return to Top ]
Fundamental to an understanding of the passage of the Glass - Steagall Act is the fact that by 1933 the U.S. was in one of the worst depressions of its history .
A quarter of the formerly working population was unemployed .
The nation 's banking system was chaotic .
Over 11,000 banks had failed or had to merge , reducing the number by 40 per cent , from 25,000 to 14,000 .
The governors of several states had closed their states ' banks and in March President Roosevelt closed all the banks in the country .
Congressional hearings conducted in early 1933 seemed to show that the presumed leaders of American enterprise -- the bankers and brokers -- were guilty of disreputable and seemingly dishonest dealings and gross misuses of the public 's trust .
Looking back , some historians have come to a different conclusion about the role such abuses played in bringing down banks .
Some historians now say the chief culprit of bank failures was the Depression itself , which caused real estate and other values to fall , undermining bank loans .
Securities abuses played a minimal role in the collapse of banks , these historians say , and caused few failures among the New York banks with the largest Wall Street operations .
The Banking Act of 1933 was probably the newly - elected Roosevelt administration 's most important response to the perceived shambles of the nation 's financial and economic system .
But the Act did not change the most important weakness of the American banking system -- unit banking within states and the prohibition of nationwide banking .
This structure is considered the principal reason for the failure of so many U.S. Banks , some 90 percent of which were unit banks with under $ 2 million in assets .
( In contrast , Canada , which had nationwide banking , suffered no bank failures and only a few of the over 11,000 U.S.
Banks that failed or merged were branch banks . )
Instead , the Act established new approaches to financial regulation -- particularly the institution of deposit insurance and the legal separation of most aspects of commercial and investment banking ( the principal exception being allowing commercial banks to underwrite most government - issued bonds ) .
Carter Glass and Henry Steagall [ Return to Top ]
The primary force behind the law was Mr. Glass , a 75 - year - old senator who stood 5 feet 4 inches .
A former Treasury secretary , he was a father of the Federal Reserve System and a critic of banks that engaged in what he considered the risky business of investing in stocks .
He wanted banks to stick to conservative commercial lending , and he exploited the antibank sentiment to push through the changes he wanted .
But just two years after Glass - Steagall was enacted , Mr. Glass helped lead an effort to have it repealed , as " he thought it was a mistake and an overreaction . "
Mr. Glass passed on in 1946 at the age of 88 .
Mr. Steagall ( pronounced stee - GAHL ) , a Democratic who was chairman of the House Banking and Currency Committee , developed a passion for helping farmers and rural banks from growing up in Ozark , Alabama .
He had little interest in separating banking from Wall Street , but signed on to the bill after Mr. Glass agreed to attach Mr. Steagall 's amendment , which authorized bank deposit insurance for the first time .
For several years before 1933 Senator Glass had wanted to restrict or forbid commercial banks from dealing in and holding corporate securities .
He strongly believed that bank involvement with securities was detrimental to the Federal Reserve system , contrary to the rules of good banking , and responsible for stock market speculation , the Crash of 1929 , bank failures , and the Great Depression .
It is generally accepted that he was unable to achieve the goal of separating commercial and investment banking until revelations concerning National City Bank were brought forth in the Senate Committee on Banking and Currency 's Stock Exchange Practices Hearings .
Disillusionment with speculators and securities merchants carried over from investment bankers to commercial bankers ; the two were often the same , and an embittered public did not care to make fine distinctions .
The Banking Act of 1933 was passed and quickly signed into law .
Restrictions and Repeals in the Bank Holding Company Act [ Return to Top ]
Curbing banks ' ability to grow too large has been a common theme in legislation through the years .
During the 1930s and 1940s , banks stuck to the basics of taking deposits and making loans .
Congress did n't intervene again until 1956 , when it enacted the Bank Holding Company
Act to keep financial - services conglomerates from amassing too much power .
That law created a barrier between banking and insurance in response to aggressive acquisitions and expansion by TransAmerica Corp. , an insurance company that owned Bank of America and an array of other businesses .
Congress thought it improper for banks to risk possible losses from underwriting insurance .
While many banks today ( 1990s ) sell insurance products provided by insurers , banks can't take on the risk of underwriting .
Several attempts since 1933 by commercial bankers , and at times regulators , to repeal or draft exceptions to those sections of the law that mandate separation of commercial and investment banking -- usually referred to alone as ' Glass - Steagall Act ' -- generally have not been successful .
As a result , the United States and Japan ( which was forced to adopt laws similar to the U.S. Banking statues after the Second World War ) , alone among the world 's important financial nations , legally require this separation .
( Japanese banks can engage in many securities activities , however , including underwriting and dealing in commercial paper and ownership of up to 5 percent of non-bank enterprises . ) .
The Provisions Within the Sections of the Glass - Steagall Act [ Return to Top ]
The Glass - Steagall
Act has come to mean only those sections of the Banking Act of 1933 that refer to banks ' securities operations -- sections 16 , 20 , 21 , and 32 .
These four sections of the Act , as amended and interpreted by the Comptroller of the Currency , the Federal Reserve Board and the courts , govern commercial banks ' domestic securities operations in various ways .
Sections 16 and 21 refer to the direct operations of commercial banks .
Section 16 and 21 refer to the direct operations of commercial banks .
Section 16 , as amended by the Banking Act of 1935 , generally prohibits Federal Reserve member banks from purchasing securities for their own account .
But a national bank ( chartered by the Comptroller of the Currency ) may purchase and hold investment securities ( defined as bonds , notes , or debentures regarded by the Comptroller as investment securities ) up to 10 per cent of its capital and surplus .
Sections 16 and 21 also forbid deposit - taking institutions from both accepting deposits and engaging in the business of ' issuing , underwriting , selling , or distributing , at wholesale or retail , or through syndicate participation , stock , bonds , debentures , notes or other securities ' , with some important exceptions .
These exceptions include U.S. Government obligations , obligations issued by government agencies , college and university dormitory bonds , and the general obligations of states and political subdivisions .
Municipal revenue bonds ( other than those used to finance higher education and teaching hospitals ) , which are now of greater importance than general obligations , are not included in the exceptions , in spite of the attempts of commercial banks to have Congress amend the Act .
In 1985 , however , the Federal Reserve Board decided that commercial banks could act as advisers and agents in the private placement of commercial paper .
Section 16 permits commercial banks to purchase and sell securities directly , without recourse , solely on the order of and for the account of customers .
In the early 1970 , the Comptroller of the Currency approved Citibank 's plan to offer the public units in collective investment trusts that the bank organized .
But in 1971 the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that sections 16 and 21 prohibit banks from offering a product that is similar to mutual funds .
In an often quoted decision discussed at length in section IV of this chapter and in Chapters 2,3,4 and 5 , the Court found that the Act was intended to prevent banks from endangering themselves , the banking system , and the public from unsafe and unsound practices and conflicts of interest .
Nevertheless in 1985 and 1986 the Comptroller of the Currency decided that the Act allowed national banks to purchase and sell mutual shares for its customers as their agent and sell units in unit investment trusts .
In 1987 , the Comptroller also concluded that a national bank may offer to the public , through a subsidiary , brokerage services and investment advice , while acting as an adviser to a mutual fund or unit investment trust .
Since 1985 the regulators have allowed banks to offer discount brokerage services through subsidiaries , and these more permissive rules have been upheld by the courts .
Thus , more recent court decisions and regulatory agency rulings have tended to soften the 1971 Supreme Court 's apparently strict interpretation of the Act 's prohibitions .
Sections 20 and 32 refer to commercial bank affiliations .
Section 20 forbids member banks from affiliating with a company ' engaged principally ' in the 'issue , flotation , underwriting , public sale , or distribution at wholesale or retail or through syndicate participation of stocks , bonds , debentures , notes , or other securities ' .
In June 1988 the U.S. Supreme Court ( by denying certiorari ) upheld a lower court 's ruling accepting the Federal Reserve Board 's April 1987 approval for member banks to affiliate with companies underwriting commercial paper , municipal revenue bonds , and securities backed by mortgages and consumer debts , as long as the affiliate does not principally engage in those activities .
' Principally engaged ' was defined by the Federal Reserve as activities contributing more than from 5 to 10 per cent of the affiliate 's total revenue .
In 1987 , the DC Court of Appeals affirmed the Federal Reserve Board 's 1985 ruling allowing a bank holding company to acquire a subsidiary that provided both brokerage services and investment advice to institutional customers .
In 1984 and 1986 the Court held that affiliates of member banks can offer retail discount brokerage service ( which excludes investment advice ) , on the grounds that these activities do not involve an underwriting of securities , and that ' public sale ' refers to an underwriting .
Section 32 prohibits a member bank from having interlocking directorships or close officer or employee relationships with a firm ' principally engaged ' in securities underwriting and distribution .
Section 32 applies even if there is no common ownership or corporate affiliation between the commercial bank and the investment company .
Sections 20 and 32 do not apply to non-member banks and savings and loan associations .
They are legally free to affiliate with securities firms .
Thus the law applies unevenly to essential similar institutions .
Furthermore , securities brokers ' cash management accounts , which are functionally identical to cheque accounts , have been judged not to be deposits as specified in the Act .
Commercial banks are not forbidden from underwriting and dealing in securities outside of the United States .
The larger money center banks , against whom the prohibitions of the Glass - Steagall Act were directed , are particularly active in these markets .
Five of the top 30 leading underwriters in the Eurobond market in 1985 were affiliates of U.S. Banks , with 11 per cent of the total market .
These affiliates include 11 of the top 50 underwriters of Euronotes .
Citicorp , for example , has membership in some 17 major foreign stock exchanges , and it offers investment banking services in over 35 countries .
In 1988 , it arranged for its London securities subsidiary to cooperate with a U.S. Securities firm to make markets in securities in the United States .
The Chase Manhattan Bank advertises that it 'has offices in almost twice as many countries as ten [ major listed ] investment banks combined .
Furthermore , commercial banks ' trust departments can trade securities through their securities subsidiaries or affiliates for pension plans and other trust accounts .
In summary , commercial banks can offer some aspects of investment advisory services , brokerage activities , securities underwriting , mutual fund activities , investment and trading activities , asset securitization , joint ventures , and commodities dealing , and they can offer deposit instruments that are similar to securities .
The Generally Accepted Rationale for the Separation of Commercial and Investment Banking [ Return to Top ]
The generally accepted rationale for the Glass - Steagall Act is well expressed in the brief filed by the First National City Bank ( 1970 ) in support of the Comptroller of the Currency ( William Camp ) , who had given the bank permission to offer commingled investment accounts .
For this case ( Investment Company Institute v. Camp , 401 US 617 , 1971 ) , which the Supreme Court decided in favor of the Investment Company Institute , FNCB 's attorneys described the rationale for the Act thus : ( First National City Bank , 1970 , pp. 40 - 2 ) :
The Glass - Steagall Act was enacted to remedy the speculative abuses that infected commercial banking prior to the collapse of the stock market and the financial panic of 1929 - 1933 .
Many banks , especially national banks , not only invested heavily in speculative securities but entered the business of investment banking in the traditional sense of the term by buying original issues for public resale .
Apart from the special problems confined to affiliation three well - defined evils were found to flow from the combination of investment and commercial banking .
Provisions of the Glass - Steagall
Act were directed at these abuses : [ Return to Top ]
Banks were investing their own assets in securities with consequent risk to commercial and savings deposits .
The concern of Congress to block this evil is clearly stated in the report of the Senate Banking and Currency Committee on an immediate forerunner of the Glass - Steagall Act .
Unsound loans were made in order to shore up the price of securities or the financial position of companies in which a bank had invested its own assets .
A commercial bank 's financial interest in the ownership , price , or distribution of securities inevitably tempted bank officials to press their banking customers into investing in securities which the bank itself was under pressure to sell because of its own pecuniary stake in the transaction .
A Summary of the Rationale Leading up to the Enactment of the Glass Steagall Act [ Return to Top ]
The original ( and in some measure , continuing ) reasons and arguments for legally separating commercial and investment banking include :
Risk of loses ( safety and soundness ) .
Banks that engaged in underwriting and holding corporate securities and municipal revenue bonds presented significant risk of loss to depositors and the federal government that had to come to their rescue ; they also were more subject to failure with a resulting loss of public confidence in the banking system and greater risk of financial system collapse .
Conflicts of interest and other abuses .
Banks that offer investment banking services and mutual funds were subject to conflicts of interest and other abuses , thereby resulting in harm to their customers , including borrowers , depositors , and correspondent banks .
Improper banking activity .
Even if there were no actual abuses , securities - related activities are contrary to the way banking ought to be conducted .
Producer desired constraints on competition .
Some securities brokers and underwriters and some bankers want to bar those banks that would offer securities and underwriting services from entering their markets .
The Federal ' safety net ' should not be extended more than necessary .
Federally provided deposit insurance and access to discount window borrowings at the Federal Reserve permit and even encourage banks to take greater risks than are socially optimal .
Securities activities are risky and should not be permitted to banks that are protected with the federal ' safety net ' .
Unfair competition .
In any event , banks get subsidized federal deposit insurance which gives them access to ' cheap ' deposit funds .
Thus they have market power and can engage in cross-subsidization that gives them an unfair competitive advantage over non-bank competitors ( e.g. Securities brokers and underwriters ) were they permitted to offer investment banking services .
Concentration of power and less - than - competitive performance .
Commercial banks ' competitive advantages would result in their domination or takeover of securities brokerage and underwriting firms if they were permitted to offer investment banking services or hold corporate equities .
The result would be an unacceptable concentration of power and less - than - competitive performance .
Universal v. Specialized Banking .
If the Glass - Steagall Act were repealed , the U.S. Banking system would come to resemble the German universal system , which would be detrimental to bank clients and the economy .
[ Return to Top ]
Enlarge By Nashanuddin Khan , AP
Two dead bodies of suicide bombers are seen by local residents in the site where they detonated themselves in Khost city , eastern Afghanistan .
SUROBI , Afghanistan ( AP ) 
Insurgents ambushed a group of elite French soldiers as they climbed a mountain pass , killing 10 troops in a militant stronghold outside the capital , officials said Tuesday .
Soldiers from the paratroops and Foreign Legion were among the dead Monday — the biggest single combat loss for international forces in Afghanistan in more than three years .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy announced that he would immediately fly to Kabul to reassure French troops and that " France is at their sides . "
The soldiers were on a reconnaissance mission in the Surobi district , about 30 miles ( 50 kilometers ) east of the Afghan capital , when they were ambushed Monday afternoon .
NATO sent backup and said a " large number " of the attackers were killed in the three - hour gunbattle .
France 's top military official , Gen. Jean - Louis Georgelin , said most of the French casualties came in the minutes after the team was climbing a mountain pass .
The fighting lasted into nightfall , he said .
" In its fight against terrorism , France has just been struck severely , " Sarkozy said in a statement .
He added : " My determination remains intact . "
The attack , which also wounded 21 French troops , could heighten domestic opposition to Sarkozy 's plan to boost the French contingent by some 700 troops by the end of this month for a total of 2,600 .
U.S. President George W. Bush , who was briefed at his Texas ranch about the deaths , sent his condolences to the families of the dead and wounded French soldiers .
White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said Bush offered " heartfelt thanks for the sacrifice that they are making and the commitment that the French are making to help secure Afghanistan . "
Qazi Suliman , the district chief in Surobi , said 13 militants were reported killed .
One Western official described the attacks on the French as " complex . "
Georgelin denied a statement from an Afghan security official that four French soldiers were kidnapped by insurgents and then killed .
The Afghan official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not supposed to release the information .
The French patrol , which also had Afghan army troops attached to it , was ambushed around 3 p.m. on Monday near Uzbin , the area that straddles the provinces of Kabul and Laghman , said Abdul Jalil Shamal , the district police chief .
French troops in armored vehicles drove toward the scene of the battle on Tuesday , while other troops blocked civilian traffic from accessing the area .
Witnesses reported many helicopter flying over the region 's mountainous peaks .
The area is known as a militant redoubt , and there has been a number of clashes in recent months .
France will have some 2,600 troops in Afghanistan by the end of this month , after President Nicolas Sarkozy pledged in April to send 700 more troops to eastern Afghanistan .
The French troops have been mostly based in Kabul up to now .
The deaths of 10 soldiers would be the deadliest attack against international troops since June 2005 , when 16 American troops were killed in Kunar province when their helicopter was shot down by a rocket - propelled grenade .
In July of this year nine U.S. troops died when insurgents attacked a base on the Kunar - Nuristan border in eastern Afghanistan .
The Surobi battle was the highest French military death toll in an attack since clashes in Bouake , Ivory Coast , in 2004 .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
New York City 's health tsar , who has already waged war against tobacco , trans fats , and calories , appears to have chosen his next public enemy : salt .
Voicing cautionary tales about high blood pressure that can be caused by eating too much salt , officials from the city 's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene in recent months have used editorials , public testimony , and educational campaigns to mount a push for regulation of sodium levels in food .
" In many ways , high blood pressure is a forgotten killer .
It 's the leading cause of early death in New York City and nationally , " the city 's health commissioner , Dr. Thomas Frieden , told The New York Sun .
He cited a study by the health department , published last week in the journal Circulation : Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes , which found that one in four New Yorkers , or 26 % of adults , has high blood pressure , compared to 30 % nationally .
The rate among New Yorkers older than 65 is 71 % .
" We 've done some health education on salt , but the fact is that it 's in food and it 's almost impossible for someone to get it out , " Dr. Frieden said .
" Really , this is something that requires an industry - wide response and preferably a national response . "
As health commissioner , Dr. Frieden has made a name for himself by enacting measures such as a ban on smoking in restaurants and bars , and for passing laws targeting unhealthy foods and eating habits .
Since May , fast - food and chain restaurants in New York City have been required to post calorie information on their menus .
In July , health officials began enforcing a ban on artificial trans fats , a type of fat derived from partially hydrogenated vegetable oil .
Restaurants that violate either law can be fined $ 2,000 .
In an editorial published in the August 27 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association , city health officials promoted New York City 's efforts so far regarding trans fats and calories , and they set their sights on new areas of health policy .
" It is more challenging  but even more important  to reduce consumption of sodium and sugar , " the authors , the assistant commissioner for chronic disease prevention at the health department , Dr. Lynn Silver , and the department 's deputy commissioner for health promotion and disease prevention , Dr. Mary Bassett , wrote .
Citing data showing that Americans consume nearly twice the recommended daily allotment of sodium of 2,400 milligrams , according to the Food and Drug Administration , Drs. Bassett and Silver argued that reducing the sodium content of food would save more lives than treating all hypertensive individuals with blood pressure medication .
" Processed and restaurant foods account for 77 % of salt consumption , so it is nearly impossible for consumers to greatly reduce their own salt intake , " they wrote .
Similarly , regarding sugar , they wrote : " Reversing the increasing intake of sugar is central to limiting calories , but governments have not done enough to address this threat . "
For their part , health officials last year launched a " Cut the Salt ! " campaign to educate Brooklyn residents about the harmful effects of consuming too much salt .
However , their efforts are largely focused on a national solution .
Last November , city health officials testified at an FDA hearing , urging the federal government to lower the sodium content of restaurant and processed foods .
They also recommended a national labeling system to warn consumers about high sodium in certain food products .
Such comments prompted some critics to speculate that the health department will move forward with local regulation .
" Yes , I do believe this is the first foray in the department of health 's camp to turn sodium into the next trans fats , " the medical director of the American Council on Science and Health , Dr. Gilbert Ross , said .
Dr. Ross questioned whether city health officials would be satisfied with petitioning the food industry to offer lower sodium choices , because in the past their efforts to persuade restaurants to voluntarily adopt a certain health measure resulted in new laws .
" The New York City department of health is looking for food hobgoblins everywhere , " Dr. Ross said .
Critics said the city seems to be taking cues from an advocacy group , the Center for Science in the Public Interest , which advised the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene on its calorie labeling law .
The group has petitioned the FDA to characterize salt as an " additive " that is subject to limits , instead of something that is " generally recognized as safe , " and is not subject to limitations .
" If the government were serious about this , it could force industry to cut the salt , " the center 's executive director , Michael Jacobson , said .
He pointed to a public education campaign in Britain that was designed to pressure the salt industry to lower sodium content in food , and called on the FDA to mount a similar campaign .
Absent federal action , Mr. Jacobson said local governments could find powerful roles .
" Cities and states could certainly threaten warnings on the labels or on supermarket walls , " he said .
" Even New York City on its own is a little scary because they 've seen menu labeling and trans fat , " he said .
To be sure , medical doctors said salt is associated with increased blood pressure in many patients .
The American Heart Association recommends that adults consume less than 1 teaspoon of salt daily , or about 2,300 milligrams .
Doctors said most Americans consume far more sodium than the recommended allotment , and that foods high in salt also tend to have high calorie counts .
" The end result is whatever reason you have high blood pressure , and it 's untreated , you 're at a higher risk for heart attack and stroke .
You 're also at risk for kidney disease and eye problems , " a New York City cardiologist who is the author of " The Women 's Healthy Heart Program , " Dr. Nieca Goldberg , said .
In 2006 , the American Medical Association called for a 50 % decrease over the next decade in the amount of sodium in processed foods and meals served in restaurants .
The group also encouraged the FDA to develop warning labels for foods that are high in sodium .
Dr. Frieden said the AMA and others with similar stances " have it right . "
" We should look for a steady , gradual salt reduction , " he said .
He also hinted that regulating salt consumption would be trickier than passing laws banning trans fats or requiring restaurants to post calorie information .
Sodium is considered to be an essential mineral , necessary for helping the body absorb major nutrients .
" The problem is not putting salt on at the table , " Dr. Frieden said .
" The problem is salt that 's mixed in . "
Indeed , some doctors said putting the entire population on a low - salt diet could be harmful .
" Of the environmental factors , salt is one of the factors that clearly and significantly affects blood pressure in many , " a professor of clinical medicine at NewYork - Presbyterian Hospital / Weill Cornell Medical Center , Dr. Samuel Mann , said .
He urged restraint .
" The other question is , ' Can you do harm by salt - restricting everyone ? ' and the answer is , ' Yes . '
Most people need little salt , but some need more , particularly those who tend to run a relatively low blood pressure , and as a result tend to crave salt , " he said .
He recommended moderate , rather than severe , reduction in the salt content of foods .
Critics of efforts to regulate salt voiced opposition to restrictions of any kind .
" We do n't want to be blamed for a problem that we do n't feel we 're causing , " the president of the Salt Institute , Richard Hanneman , said .
The group represents major salt corporations , and on its Web site it said the industry produces 1.5 million tons of food - grade salt each year , with annual sales topping $ 286 million .
According to Mr. Hanneman , science has not shown there is a health benefit to widespread salt reduction , a view held by a minority of doctors .
He further called for a federally funded study of the impact of salt reduction .
" We 're not saying if your doctor says to go on a low - salt diet that you should n't do it , " he said .
" We 're saying for a healthy population , it 's a mistake to ask everyone to reduce their salt . "
In New York , the executive vice president of the New York State Restaurant Association , Charles Hunt , said his group has known for some time that the city 's health department was eyeing salt as a possible target .
He said any efforts to limit salt consumption should take place at home , as only about 25 % of meals are consumed outside the home .
" I 'm concerned in that they have a tendency to try to blame all these health problems on restaurants , " he said , stressing that his members are concerned about the health of their customers .
" This nanny state that has been hinted about , or even partially created , where the government agencies start telling people what they should and should n't eat , when they start telling restaurants they need to take on that role , we think its beyond the purview of government , " Mr. Hunt said .
BEIJING , China ( CNN ) --
A former Chinese government official has been sentenced to death after a leaky toilet led police to a stash of cash he'd collected in bribes , state media reported .
Yan Dabin was the former director of transportation for Wushan County in southwest China .
He was sentenced Friday for accepting bribes totaling 22.3 million yuan ( $ 3.2 million ) in exchange for awarding contracts for road and bridge construction , the news agency Xinhua said .
He was arrested after a resident called a police station to complain that water was leaking through the ceiling from the vacant apartment above .
Yan owned the unit .
A police officer sent to help a maintenance worker enter the property discovered the cause of the overflowing toilet : eight soaked cardboard boxes containing 9.39 million yuan ( $ 1.3 million ) , Xinhua said .
Yan 's wife was sentenced to three years in prison after she was found guilty of laundering more than 9 million yuan ( $ 1.3 million ) in a series of house purchases , the news agency said .
Beijing has been trying to rein in corruption after a series of several highly - publicized corruption cases involving officials who steal .
All About China
Sometimes the notes are ferocious ,
skirmishes against the author
raging along the borders of every page
in tiny black script .
If I could just get my hands on you ,
Kierkegaard , or Conor Cruise O'Brien ,
they seem to say ,
I would bolt the door and beat some logic into your head .
Other comments are more offhand , dismissive -
' Nonsense . ' ' Please ! ' ' HA ! ! ' -
that kind of thing .
I remember once looking up from my reading ,
my thumb as a bookmark ,
trying to imagine what the person must look like
why wrote ' Do n't be a ninny '
alongside a paragraph in The Life of Emily Dickinson .
Students are more modest
needing to leave only their splayed footprints
along the shore of the page .
One scrawls ' Metaphor ' next to a stanza of Eliot's .
Another notes the presence of ' Irony '
fifty times outside the paragraphs of A Modest Proposal .
Or they are fans who cheer from the empty bleachers ,
Hands cupped around their mouths .
' Absolutely , ' they shout
to Duns Scotus and James Baldwin .
' Yes . ' ' Bull 's - eye . '
' My man ! '
Check marks , asterisks , and exclamation points
rain down along the sidelines .
And if you have managed to graduate from college
without ever having written ' Man vs. Nature '
in a margin , perhaps now
is the time to take one step forward .
We have all seized the white perimeter as our own
and reached for a pen if only to show
we did not just laze in an armchair turning pages ;
we pressed a thought into the wayside ,
planted an impression along the verge .
Even Irish monks in their cold scriptoria
jotted along the borders of the Gospels
brief asides about the pains of copying ,
a bird signing near their window ,
or the sunlight that illuminated their page -
anonymous men catching a ride into the future
on a vessel more lasting than themselves .
And you have not read Joshua Reynolds ,
they say , until you have read him
enwreathed with Blake 's furious scribbling .
Yet the one I think of most often ,
the one that dangles from me like a locket ,
was written in the copy of Catcher in the Rye
I borrowed from the local library
one slow , hot summer .
I was just beginning high school then ,
reading books on a davenport in my parents ' living room ,
and I cannot tell you
how vastly my loneliness was deepened ,
how poignant and amplified the world before me seemed ,
when I found on one page
A few greasy looking smears
and next to them , written in soft pencil -
by a beautiful girl , I could tell ,
whom I would never meet -
' Pardon the egg salad stains , but I 'm in love . '
For other people named William Wallace , see William Wallace ( disambiguation )
Sir William Wallace ( Scottish Gaelic : Uilleam Uallas [ ˈɯʎam ˈuəl̪ˠəs̪ ] ; Norman French : William le Waleys ; [ 2 ] died 23 August 1305 ) was a Scottish knight who became one of the main leaders during the Wars of Scottish Independence . [ 3 ]
Along with Andrew Moray , Wallace defeated an English army at the Battle of Stirling Bridge in September 1297 .
He was appointed Guardian of Scotland and served until his defeat at the Battle of Falkirk in July 1298 .
In August 1305 , Wallace was captured in Robroyston , near Glasgow , and handed over to King Edward I of England , who had him hanged , drawn , and quartered for high treason and crimes against English civilians .
Since his death , Wallace has obtained an iconic status far beyond his homeland .
He is the protagonist of Blind Harry 's 15th - century epic poem The Wallace and the subject of literary works by Sir Walter Scott and Jane Porter , and of the Academy Award - winning film Braveheart ( 1995 ) .
Background
Personal seal of Sir William Wallace , found on a letter written on 11th day of October 1297 , to the mayor of Lübeck , Germany .
Statue of Wallace at Edinburgh Castle
William Wallace was a member of the lesser nobility , but little is definitely known of his family history or even his parentage .
Blind Harry 's late - 15th - century poem gives his father as Sir Malcolm of Elderslie ; however William 's own seal , found on a letter sent to the Hanse city of Lübeck in 1297 , [ 4 ] gives his father 's name as Alan Wallace . [ 5 ] [ 6 ]
This Alan Wallace may be the same as the one listed in the 1296 Ragman Rolls as a crown tenant in Ayrshire , but there is no additional confirmation . [ 7 ]
Blind Harry 's assertion that William was the son of Sir Malcolm of Elderslie has given rise to a tradition that William 's birthplace was at Elderslie in Renfrewshire , and this is still the view of some historians , [ 8 ] including the historical William Wallace Society itself . [ 9 ]
However , William 's seal has given rise to a counter claim of Ellerslie in Ayrshire .
There is no contemporary evidence linking him with either location , although both areas had connections with the wider Wallace family .
[ 10 ]
Records show early members of the family as holding estates at Riccarton , Tarbolton , and Auchincruive in Kyle , and Stenton in East Lothian . [ 11 ]
They were vassals of James Stewart , 5th High Steward of Scotland as their lands fell within his territory .
Wallace 's brothers Malcolm and John are known from other sources . [ 12 ]
The origins of the Wallace surname and its association with southwest Scotland are also far from certain , other than the name 's being derived from the Old English wylisc ( pronounced " wullish " ) , meaning " foreigner " or " Welshman " .
It is possible that all the Wallaces in the Clyde area were medieval immigrants from Wales , but as the term was also used for local Cumbric - speaking Strathclyde Welsh , it seems equally likely that the surname refers to people who were seen as being " Welsh " due to their Cumbric language .
Political crisis in Scotland
Coronation of Alexander
When Wallace was growing up , King Alexander III ruled Scotland .
His reign had seen a period of peace and economic stability .
On 19 March 1286 , however , Alexander died after falling from his horse .
The heir to the throne was Alexander 's granddaughter , Margaret , Maid of Norway .
As she was still a child and in Norway , the Scottish lords set up a government of guardians .
Margaret fell ill on the voyage to Scotland and died in Orkney on 26 September 1290 .
The lack of a clear heir led to a period known as the " Great Cause " , with several families laying claim to the throne .
With Scotland threatening to descend into civil war , King Edward I of England was invited in by the Scottish nobility to arbitrate .
Before the process could begin , he insisted that all of the contenders recognize him as Lord Paramount of Scotland .
In early November 1292 , at a great feudal court held in the castle at Berwick - upon - Tweed , judgment was given in favour of John Balliol having the strongest claim in law .
Edward proceeded to reverse the rulings of the Scottish Lords and even summoned King John Balliol to stand before the English court as a common plaintiff .
John was a weak king , known as " Toom Tabard " or " Empty Coat " .
John renounced his homage in March 1296 and by the end of the month Edward stormed Berwick - upon - Tweed , sacking the then - Scottish border town .
In April , the Scots were defeated at the Battle of Dunbar in East Lothian and by July , Edward had forced John to abdicate .
Edward then instructed his officers to receive formal homage from some 1,800 Scottish nobles ( many of the rest being prisoners of war at that time ) .
Silent years prior to the Wars of Independence
Wallace depicted in a children 's history book from 1906
Some historians , such as Andrew Fisher , believe Wallace must have had some earlier military experience in order to lead a successful military campaign in 1297 .
Campaigns like Edward I of England 's wars in Wales might have provided a good opportunity for a younger son of a landholder to become a mercenary soldier . [ 13 ]
Wallace 's personal seal bears the archer 's insignia , [ 14 ] so he may have fought as an archer in Edward 's army .
Walter Bower states that Wallace was " a tall man with the body of a giant ... with lengthy flanks ... broad in the hips , with strong arms and legs ... with all his limbs very strong and firm " .
[ 15 ]
Blind Harry 's Wallace reaches seven feet . [ 16 ]
Start of the uprising
Wallace statue by D. W. Stevenson on the Scottish National Portrait Gallery , Edinburgh
The first act definitely known to have been carried out by Wallace was his assassination of William de Heselrig , the English High Sheriff of Lanark , in May 1297 .
He then joined with William the Hardy , Lord of Douglas , and they carried out the raid of Scone .
This was one of several rebellions taking place across Scotland , including those of several Scottish nobles and Andrew Moray in the north . [ 8 ]
The uprising suffered a blow when the nobles submitted to the English at Irvine in July .
Wallace and Moray were not involved , and continued their rebellions .
Wallace used the Ettrick Forest as a base for raiding , and attacked Wishart 's palace at Ancrum .
Wallace and Moray met and joined their forces , possibly at the siege of Dundee in early September . [ 8 ]
Battle of Stirling Bridge
The later Stirling Bridge
On 11 September 1297 , an army jointly led by Wallace and Andrew Moray won the Battle of Stirling Bridge .
Although vastly outnumbered , the Scottish army routed the English army .
John de Warenne , 6th Earl of Surrey 's feudal army of 3,000 cavalry and 8,000 to 10,000 infantry met disaster as they crossed over to the north side of the river .
The narrowness of the bridge prevented many soldiers from crossing together ( possibly as few as three men abreast ) , so , while the English soldiers crossed , the Scots held back until half of them had passed and then killed the English as quickly as they could cross .
The infantry were sent on first , followed by heavy cavalry .
The Scots ' schiltron formations forced the infantry back into the advancing cavalry .
A pivotal charge , led by one of Wallace 's captains , caused some of the English soldiers to retreat as others pushed forward , and under the overwhelming weight , the bridge collapsed and many English soldiers drowned .
Thus , the Scots won a significant victory , boosting the confidence of their army .
Hugh Cressingham , Edward 's treasurer in Scotland , died in the fighting and it is reputed that his body was subsequently flayed and the skin cut into small pieces as tokens of the victory .
The Lanercost Chronicle records that Wallace had " a broad strip [ of Cressingham ’s skin ] ... taken from the head to the heel , to make therewith a baldrick for his sword " . [ 17 ]
After the battle , Moray and Wallace assumed the title of Guardians of the Kingdom of Scotland on behalf of King John Balliol .
Moray died of wounds suffered on the battlefield sometime in late 1297 .
The type of engagement conducted by Wallace was characterized by opportunistic tactics and the strategic use of terrain .
This was in stark contrast to the contemporary views on chivalric warfare which were characterized by strength of arms and knightly combat .
Therefore , the battle embittered relations between the two antagonistic nations , whilst also perhaps providing a new departure in the type of warfare which England had hitherto employed .
The numerical and material inferiority of the Scottish forces was later mirrored by that of the English in the Hundred Years '
War , who , in turn , abandoned chivalric warfare to achieve decisive victory in similar engagements such as Crécy and Poitiers .
Around November 1297 , Wallace led a large - scale raid into northern England , through Northumberland and Cumberland . [ 8 ]
In a ceremony , at the ' Kirk o' the Forest ' ( Selkirk ) , towards the end of the year , Wallace was knighted . [ 18 ]
This would have been carried out by one of three Scottish earls — Carrick , Strathearn or Lennox . [ 8 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ]
Battle of Falkirk
William Wallace Statue , Aberdeen
In April 1298 , Edward ordered a second invasion of Scotland .
Two days prior to the battle 25,781 foot soldiers were paid .
More than half of them would have been Welsh .
There are no clear cut sources for the presence of cavalry , but it is safe to assume that Edward had roughly 1500 horse under his command . [ 21 ]
They plundered Lothian and regained some castles , but failed to bring William Wallace to combat ; the Scots shadowed the English army , intending to avoid battle until shortages of supplies and money forced Edward to withdraw , at which point the Scots would harass his retreat .
The English quartermasters ' failure to prepare for the expedition left morale and food supplies low , and a resulting riot within Edward 's own army had to be put down by his cavalry .
In July , while planning a return to Edinburgh for supplies , Edward received intelligence that the Scots were encamped nearby at Falkirk , and he moved quickly to engage them in the pitched battle he had long hoped for .
Wallace arranged his spearmen in four schiltrons — circular , defensive hedgehog formations , probably surrounded by wooden stakes connected with ropes , to keep the infantry in formation .
The English , however , employed Welsh longbowmen , who swung strategic superiority in their favour .
The English proceeded to attack with cavalry and put the Scottish archers to flight .
The Scottish cavalry withdrew as well , due to its inferiority to the English heavy horse .
Edward 's men began to attack the schiltrons , which were still able to inflict heavy casualties on the English cavalry .
It remains unclear whether the infantry shooting bolts , arrows and stones at the spearmen proved the deciding factor , although it is very likely that it was the arrows of Edward 's bowmen .
Gaps in the schiltrons soon appeared , and the English exploited these to crush the remaining resistance .
The Scots lost many men , including John de Graham .
Wallace escaped , though his military reputation suffered badly .
By September 1298 , Wallace resigned as Guardian of Scotland in favour of Robert the Bruce , Earl of Carrick and future king , and John III Comyn , Lord of Badenoch , King John Balliol 's nephew .
Details of Wallace 's activities after this are vague , but there is some evidence that he left on a mission to the court of King Philip IV of France to plead the case for assistance in the Scottish struggle for independence .
There is a surviving letter from the French king dated 7 November 1300 to his envoys in Rome demanding that they should help Sir William . [ 22 ]
It also suggests that Wallace may have intended to travel to Rome , although it is not known if he did . [ 23 ]
There is also a report from an English spy at a meeting of Scottish leaders , where they said Wallace was in France . [ 24 ]
By 1304 Wallace was back in Scotland , and involved in skirmishes at Happrew and Earnside .
Capture and execution
Wallace 's trial in Westminster Hall .
Painting by Daniel Maclise
Wallace evaded capture by the English until 5 August 1305 when John de Menteith , a Scottish knight loyal to Edward , turned Wallace over to English soldiers at Robroyston near Glasgow .
Letters of safe conduct from Haakon V of Norway , Philip IV of France , and John Balliol , along with other documents , were found in Wallace 's possession and delivered to Edward by John de Segrave . [ 25 ]
Wallace was transported to London , lodged in the house of William de Leyrer , then taken to Westminster Hall , where he was tried for treason and for atrocities against civilians in war , " sparing neither age nor sex , monk nor nun . "
He was crowned with a garland of oak to suggest he was the king of outlaws .
He responded to the treason charge , " I could not be a traitor to Edward , for I was never his subject . " [ 26 ] [ 27 ]
Plaque marking the place of Wallace 's execution
Following the trial , on 23 August 1305 , Wallace was taken from the hall to the Tower of London , then stripped naked and dragged through the city at the heels of a horse to the Elms at Smithfield . [ 28 ]
He was hanged , drawn and quartered — strangled by hanging , but released while he was still alive , emasculated , eviscerated and his bowels burned before him , beheaded , then cut into four parts .
His preserved head ( dipped in tar ) was placed on a pike atop London Bridge .
It was later joined by the heads of the brothers , John and Simon Fraser .
His limbs were displayed , separately , in Newcastle , Berwick , Stirling , and Perth .
A plaque stands in a wall of St. Bartholomew 's Hospital near the site of Wallace 's execution at Smithfield .
In 1869 the Wallace Monument was erected , very close to the site of his victory at Stirling Bridge .
The Wallace Sword , which supposedly belonged to Wallace , although some parts were made at least 160 years later , was held for many years in Dumbarton Castle and is now in the Wallace Monument .
Historiography of Wallace
Although there are problems with writing a satisfactory biography of many medieval people , the problems with Wallace are greater than usual .
Not much is known about him beyond his military campaign of 1297 – 1298 , and the last few weeks of his life in 1305 .
Even in recent years , his birthplace and his father 's name have been disputed .
To compound this , the legacy of subsequent ' biographical ' accounts , sometimes written as propaganda , other times simply as entertainment , has clouded much scholarship until relatively recent times .
Some accounts have uncritically copied elements from the epic poem , The Acts and Deeds of Sir William Wallace , Knight of Elderslie , written around 1470 by Blind Harry the minstrel .
Harry wrote from oral tradition describing events 170 years earlier , and is not in any sense an authoritative descriptor of Wallace 's exploits .
Much of the poem is clearly at variance with known historical facts and records of the period and is either fabricated using traditional chivalric motifs or ' borrowed ' from the exploits of others and attributed to Wallace . [ 29 ]
In popular culture
Film
A well - known account of Wallace 's life is presented in the film Braveheart ( 1995 ) , directed by and starring Mel Gibson as Wallace , written by Randall Wallace , and filmed in Scotland and Ireland .
The film was criticised for inaccuracies regarding Wallace 's title , love interests , and attire . [ 30 ]
Literature
Gaming
Wallace is the subject and protagonist of the tutorial campaign in realtime strategy game Age of Empires II .
.
Wallace is the protagonist of the Britain campaign in realtime strategy game Medieval II : Total War : Kingdoms .
See also
Auchenbathie Tower – Wallace 's Knowe
Wallace 's Heel Well - an imprint of Wallace 's heel in stone
Clan Wallace
Notes
Hello : I'm Chris Poole .
I 'm an IBM Developer Advocate , and Master Inventor .
I work on IBM Cloud Hyper Protect Services .
On Saturday , while speaking at the opening of the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History ’s new ocean exhibit , President Bush announced that California ’s Monterey Bay Marine Sanctuary would be expanded by 585 nautical miles .
It will now include an underwater volcano that in its surroundings is home to a diverse spectrum of ocean life , including corals .
Bush also said that he would like to create several new marine sanctuaries in the Pacific Ocean .
His actions to protect oceans might be one of the few positive environmental legacies from his presidency .
[ social_buttons ]
After the environmental actions and record of the Bush Administration were hammered last week in the Senate , we can only wonder if Bush ’s speaking appearance at the opening of Smithsonian ’s Sant Ocean Hall was made with more urgency .
Unfortunately for Bush , he chose to make his important conservation announcement on the same day as the first presidential debate of the 2008 U.S. election ( or was this intentional ? ) .
If you were not aware already , you might be surprised to know that in 2006 Bush created the world ’s largest ocean protected area in an area northwest of Hawaii .
The areas he now envisions protecting in the Pacific would likewise be of huge scale in comparison to other ocean protected areas .
According to the White House ’s webpage , Bush said the following earlier this year :
We have a solemn responsibility to care for our seas and show concern for the plant and animal life that inhabit them .
Oceans bring enjoyment and prosperity to countless people , from boating and fishing , to transporting goods , to traveling the waterways .
By being good stewards of the oceans , we can ensure that future generations are able to enjoy the great blessings of our natural heritage .
Science is showing that oceans are now more threatened than ever , and so conservation efforts are consequentially more crucial than ever .
A coalition recently proposed for the creation of what would become the world ’s largest protected ocean area in Australia ’s spectacular , pristine Coral Sea .
The efforts of Bush to protect oceans would likewise be welcome , especially given his administration ’s lack of regard and disdain for other environmental issues .
Read More About Oceans on the Green Options Network :
Photo Credit : Agencia Brasil via Wikimedia Commons under a Creative Commons license
An arial image of damage to the site around the ziggurat of Ur .
Enlarge Courtesy of Joanne Farchakh - Bajjaly Thisterra cotta statue of a lion was destroyed by looters of the Iraq National Museum in April 2003 .
The sculpture is from circa 1800 BC .
The armed men were the good news on a recent archaeological tour of pillaged digs in Iraq .
They were guards .
Arriving by British Army helicopter on June 7 , a British Museum team was surveying Lahm , an ancient settlement dating back to 1000 B.C. , when the Iraqi Special Protection Force guards arrived to check out the visitors .
" I was reasonably encouraged by what I saw at the limited number of sites , " says archaeologist Elizabeth Stone of Stony Brook ( N.Y. ) University .
Stone accompanied the team and three Iraqi archaeologists on a survey of eight archaeological sites organized by the British Army .
The team found looting holes at five sites , but also guards at others .
And there are signs that the pillaging had peaked in 2003 when U.S. forces entered the country .
" This does not mean that there is not still looting going on , " Stone says by e-mail from a site in Turkey .
" But these major sites were OK . "
Guards can't stop it all More than five years after the fall of Baghdad , the fate of Iraq 's antiquities still torments archaeologists .
The looting of the National Museum garnered headlines in April 2003 .
But the widespread pillaging of archaeological sites — 10,548 sites are registered , with perhaps 100,000 actually buried there — bewilders and saddens scholars .
They believe they are witnessing the ransacking of the cradle of civilization , a calamity " almost impossible to overstate for the destruction of history that has taken place , " says Patty Gerstenblith of DePaul University College of Law in Chicago .
The Iraqi government employs about 1,200 guards to keep an eye on all its sites , according to a July 18 Iraqi Crisis Report .
A satellite image analysis , published earlier this year in the journal Antiquity by Stone , concluded that since 2003 , looters have dug 6 square miles of holes in archaeological sites across Iraq .
The looting " must have yielded tablets , coins , cylinder seals , statues , terra cotta , bronzes and other objects in the hundreds of thousands , " Stone reported .
But where are these treasures ?
Scholars and customs officials have only murky notions about where the looted artifacts have been transported .
" That 's the really big question , " says archaeologist McGuire Gibson of the University of Chicago .
Archaeologists widely believe artifacts are traveling to collections in Gulf States , Iran and Lebanon , he adds .
" I suspect dealers are warehousing items for later sales , " he says .
" We 've seen cases of looted objects turning up for sale decades later . "
In April , the U.S. outlawed sales of archaeological treasures from Iraq .
And in recent months , customs officials worldwide have made high - profile returns : • In June , U.S. customs officials returned 11 looted agate and alabaster seals to Iraq after discovering them in Philadelphia .
• Jordan returned 2,466 looted items , gold coins , jewelry and manuscripts to Iraq that same month .
• Syria returned 40 items looted from the National Museum in April , following the return of about 700 smaller items the month before .
In Europe , the online auction website eBay has moved to quash sales of suspect artifacts , although Gerstenblith warns that sales of Sumerian or Mesopotamian items have increased as dealers try to evade sanctions .
The Sumerians were the ancient people who lived in Mesopotamia , now known as Iraq .
" The customs announcements are helpful , but the key thing is keeping law enforcement interested in protecting antiquities , " Gerstenblith says .
Abdel - Amir Hamdani , an Iraq antiquities inspector , told Science magazine in July that two Iraqi villages , El Fajir and Albhagir , still serve as centers of a thriving black market .
Looters knew where to look
In her satellite study , Stone concluded looters concentrate on two eras in Iraq 's history : the Ur III and Babylonian empires dating back to 2100 B.C. , which produced cylinder seals and cuneiform tablets ; and Parthian sites of the Roman era , which produced gold coins and glass bottles after 50 B.C.
These small items are valued by collectors and are easy to store , indicating " considerable selectivity in the sites that were targeted , " says the study .
" It was organized crime , with people who knew what they were looking for directing the looting , " Gibson says .
" The real pity is that for every item that looters pull from the ground , another hundred are smashed . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
The Giove - B demonstrator was launched earlier this year Eleven industrial groups will compete for the contracts to build Europe 's much - delayed satellite - navigation system , Galileo .
They were chosen from an initial list of 21 that had indicated an interest in participating in the project .
Galileo will rival but also complement the US GPS network .
The European Commission has set aside more than two billion euros to build 26 satellites , buy launch rockets and set up the ground control centres .
The Commission 's partner , the European Space Agency ( Esa ) , is running the procurement contest with the aim of having Galileo fully operational by 2013 .
GALILEO UNDER CONSTRUCTION
A European Commission and European Space Agency project 30 satellites to be launched in batches by end of 2013 Will work alongside US GPS and Russian Glonass systems Promises real - time positioning down to less than a metre Guaranteed under all but most extreme circumstances Suitable for safety - critical roles where lives depend on service
Q&A : Europe 's Galileo project
As anticipated , the shortlist contains many of Europe 's top aerospace , telecom and IT concerns .
They will now have to convince the Commission and Esa that they can deliver the right technical solutions at a competitive price .
Galileo is expected to improve substantially the availability and accuracy of timing signals delivered from space .
Users should get quicker , more reliable fixes and be able to locate their positions with an error of one metre compared with the current GPS error of several metres .
But the project has been hit by delays and cost overruns .
The original procurement plan involving a partnership between the public and private sectors collapsed ; and the Commission was forced to start again , turning Galileo into an initiative that will be wholly financed from the public purse .
Nonetheless , many of the companies that were included in the original partnership are present in the shortlist of competing groups now hoping to win construction contracts .
The 11 pre-selected candidates are : System Support ( to bring all the elements of the project together ) : ThalesAleniaSpace ( Italy ) ; Logica ( The Netherlands ) Ground Mission System ( to look after the timing and navigation data ) : ThalesAleniaSpace ( France ) ; Logica ( UK ) Ground Control System ( to monitor the satellite constellation ) : Astrium ( UK ) ; G - Nav grouping represented by Lockheed Martin IS&S ( UK ) Space segment ( to build the satellites themselves ) : Astrium ( Germany ) ; OHB ( Germany ) Launch Services ( the rockets that will loft the network ) : Arianespace ( France ) Operations ( the day - to - day running of Galileo ) : Nav-up grouping represented by Inmarsat ( UK ) ; DLR ( Germany ) and Telespazio ( Italy )
Some work on Galileo is already under way - four operational satellites and some ground control systems are in the process of being built .
The " six work packages " now open to competition have strict rules governing how much work can go to each company and how much of that work must then be sub -contracted to partners .
This means a lot of the work will be spread around Europe ; and if work segments are split to ensure speed , the spread could be wider still .
This is quite likely to happen for the preparation of the satellites , for example .
In any event , it looks now as though the spacecraft will be a team effort between Germany and the UK , with the satellite payloads ( their electronic brains ) being prepared in Britain and the chassis construction and final integration being done in Germany .
This comes about through any division of the space segment - because Astrium Germany will use UK colleagues on the payload ; and OHB will use its UK partner , SSTL in Guildford , for the same job .
" This is really great for UK industry , " said Phil Davies from SSTL .
" It gives us a key role far into the future . "
Timescales are tight .
The first four constellation spacecraft are expected to be launched in 2010 , with the remaining 26 put in orbit by the end of 2013 .
In April this year , a test satellite dubbed Giove - B was launched from Baikonur in Kazakhstan .
Giove - B contains key technologies - such as atomic clocks - which will eventually be built into the 30 operational platforms that form the Galileo network .
Europe has already spent 1.6bn euros ( $ 2.5 bn ; £ 1.3 bn ) on the project and ministers and the European Parliament have warned that the additional 3.4bn euros ( $ 5.3bn ; £ 2.7 bn ) recently approved for all sat-nav investments will be the limit on expenditure .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Statement From SEC Chairman Christopher Cox FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
2008 - 210 Washington , D.C. , Sept. 18 , 2008 — Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher
Cox today made the following statement : " While I have great respect for Senator McCain , we have sometimes disagreed , and this is one such occasion .
The SEC has made plain that we have zero tolerance for naked short selling .
In this market crisis , the men and women of the SEC have responded valiantly as they always do — with the utmost dedication and professionalism .
Addressing the extraordinary challenges facing our markets , the independent and bipartisan SEC has taken the following decisive actions :
We adopted a package of measures to strengthen investor protections against naked short selling , including rules requiring a hard T+3 close - out , eliminating the options market maker exception of Regulation SHO and expressly targeting fraud in short selling transactions .
We issued an emergency order to enhance protections against naked short selling in the securities of primary dealers , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac .
We announced emergency plans for a rule to ensure public disclosure of short selling positions of hedge funds and other institutional money managers .
We have undertaken sweeping enforcement measures against market manipulation .
We provided guidance to banks about how to account for credit support of money market funds .
We 've written rules to strengthen the regulation of credit rating agencies , and performed examinations that have led to new rules to reduce rating agency conflicts - of - interest .
We brought a landmark enforcement action against a trader who spread false rumors designed to drive down the price of stock .
We have initiated exams of the effectiveness of broker - dealers ' controls to prevent the spread of false information intended to manipulate securities prices .
Our Enforcement Division announced what will be the largest settlements in the history of the SEC for investors in auction rate securities who bought auction rate securities from Merrill Lynch , Wachovia , UBS and Citigroup .
We entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the Federal Reserve , to make sure key federal financial regulators share information and coordinate regulatory activities in important areas of common interest .
" There is much more work to be done , and the current crisis is presenting new challenges on an hourly basis .
What America and the world needs now is steadiness and reduction of uncertainty .
History will judge the quality of our response to this economic crisis , but now is not the time for those of us in the trenches to be distracted by the ebb and flow of the current election campaign .
And it is precisely the wrong moment for a change in leadership that inevitably would disrupt the work of the SEC at just the wrong time .
I have long made clear my intention to leave the SEC after the end of this Administration .
The next President will have an opportunity to look at the major structural questions so important to the regulation and oversight of our financial markets .
" I very much appreciate the strong and immediate support of the President .
As someone who has been in public life for over 20 years , I know as well as anyone that occasionally this sort of thing can come with the territory .
The best response to political jabs like this is simply to put your head down and not lose a step doing the best job you can possibly do on behalf of those you serve .
For my part , I plan to do just that .
I leave the political campaigns to pursue their own course . "
# # # http://www.sec.gov/news/press/2008/2008-210.htm
Modified : 09/18/2008
I hack C++ at work .
When it comes to collections , this means using the Standard Template Library , which can be frustrating , because STL was designed with efficiency in mind , and convenience decidedly not in mind .
For instance , many of STL 's collection operations are defined not on collections but on pairs of iterators , which are to arbitrary collections as pointers are to arrays .
That 's so STL can handle arrays in the familiar , efficient way , but the extra abstraction makes them even more inconvenient than pointers .
Iterator code is full of things like if ( find( collection.begin ( ) , collection.end ( ) , x ) != collection.end ( ) ) ... , but there are no versions that simply take collections instead , even though they 're easy to define and they make for much clearer code .
That 's just not considered important in C++ culture .
Sometimes the obsession with efficiency makes for some strange omissions .
STL includes a stack class , but it does n't support pop .
It has a pop method , but that just removes the top element ; it does n't actually return it , which is almost always what you want .
What 's going on ?
The STL documentation explains :
One might wonder why pop ( ) returns void , instead of value_type .
That is , why must one use top ( ) and pop ( ) to examine and remove the top element , instead of combining the two in a single member function ?
In fact , there is a good reason for this design .
If pop ( ) returned the top element , it would have to return by value rather than by reference : return by reference would create a dangling pointer .
Return by value , however , is inefficient : it involves at least one redundant copy constructor call .
Since it is impossible for pop ( ) to return a value in such a way as to be both efficient and correct , it is more sensible for it to return no value at all and to require clients to use top ( ) to inspect the value at the top of the stack .
This is a peculiar inversion : stack does n't have the most useful form of pop , not because the language is too weak to express it , but because it 's too powerful .
Since C++ has types with copy constructors , which might be inefficient to return from pop , nothing can be returned - not even the primitive types which can be returned efficiently , and which ( especially pointers ) are most common in collections anyway .
Most folks do n’t realize it – even people who know me fairly well – but I used to be a Republican .
Back when I was younger and , one supposes , more naïve about the relevance of certain kinds of economic theory , I was a pretty mouthy GOPper .
I voted for Reagan twice and Bush the Elder once , and while I can defend myself by saying things like “ Jimmy Carter , Walter Mondale and Mike Dukakis , ” I think it ’s now clear that history will regard those voting decisions as , at best , insufficiently considered .
As time passed and I grew more … educated … I became more and more conflicted .
There were things about Republican philosophy that appealed to me : fiscal responsibility was one , and also a live - and - let - live approach to how people pursued their own lives .
Social libertarianism , in other words .
And while most now regard me as pretty darned progressive , the fact is that I remain committed to fiscal responsibility and am more socially libertarian than I ever was .
I recall the point where I realized that I could n’t be a Republican anymore .
In 1988 I was in Iowa , getting my MA in English at Iowa State .
I went to my neighborhood GOP caucus and supported , quite vocally , a man who was n’t even running : former Tennessee Senator and White House Chief of Staff Howard Baker , an old - style moderate who ’d made his mark as – dare I even use the word ?
– a statesman .
When it came time to vote , Baker scored three of us : me , this girl I was dating , and another guy I somehow won over through silver - tongued rhetoric .
The majority of the votes , of course , went to Jack Kemp and Pat Robertson .
Doubt began to nip at the heels of my consciousness , as I took a good hard look at the drooling pack of evangelical mouthbreathers I was in bed with .
Something remarkable happened next : I got elected to be one of the precinct ’s representatives to the county convention .
How remains a mystery .
Maybe everybody else was busy with animal husbandry chores that day .
Not really sure .
In any case , I showed up for the convention and within a couple votes had identified and hooked up with the rest of the moderate delegates .
All four of them .
Here ’s how the day proceeded , pretty much .
Drooling evangelicals present a variety of plank proposals , 99 % of which are alternately worded approaches to banning abortion .
Me and the rest of the moderates debate intelligently and passionately while the social conservatives stared blankly – if you ’ve ever watched a herd of cattle as they all watch you back , you have a pretty good idea of the level of the intellectual engagement in the room that day .
Motion passes , next item .
Oh , look – they moved the comma in this one .
Periodically one of us unwashed moderate types would offer an amendment .
I ’ll let you see if you can figure out how that went .
Throughout the day we did n’t talk about education .
We did n’t talk about the real impact on working people that the Reagan / Bush / voodoo / supply side policies were having .
We did n’t talk about … well , hell , we did n’t talk about much other than abortion .
Ban abortion .
Repeal Roe.
Establish a litmus test for judicial appointments that they ’ll work to overturn Roe .
Ban funding for anybody that does n’t condemn abortion .
Lather , rinse , repeat .
And there was precious little attempt to pretend that the rationale for banning it had anything to do with anything besides Jesus .
I voted for Bush I in that election , mainly out of disgust for Dukakis , but also out of some faint , desperate hope that Bush the President would more closely resemble the guy who cracked off “ voodoo economics ” on Reagan than he did Reagan ’s bitch .
Maybe he ’s just been pandering to get elected , went the thinking , and once he does he ’ll revert and be his own man again .
Yes , there are problems with my rationalizations .
Lots of them .
I did n’t know then what I know now .
In any case , I do n’t recall being much of a Republican after the 1988 Story County GOP Convention .
Whatever I was or had been , whatever the party was or had been , it was now painfully clear that me and them did n’t agree on much , if anything , past “ Dukakis looked like an idiot riding in that tank . ”
The Jesus Problem
I grew up Southern Baptist .
In the rural South .
So I knew what I was looking at and dealing with when I started encountering the Robertson crowd .
I had long since parted company with any Christian organization , and I was instinctively troubled by the Religious Right ’s co-option of the GOP .
I knew all I wanted or needed to know about conservative preachers and their whatever - preacher - says followers .
Robertson .
Swaggart .
Bakker .
Falwell .
A legion of ambitious lesser lights .
Something was going powerfully wrong , and while the evangelicals were n’t the whole problem , they were a big part of it .
Conservativism no longer seemed to have any room for live - and - let - live .
This virulent new Crusader ethic did n’t trust people to act on their own relationships with God .
If you prayed and God told you that having an abortion ( or voting for a Democrat ) was the right thing to do , then you had n’t been listening to God at all .
It seemed to me that Protestantism , which was built on that individual and personal relationship with the divine , had been hijacked by an institutional , political dynamic that pronounced a collective , organizational Truth that was every bit as Catholic in its thinking as the Inquisition .
If you took that whole separation - of - church - and - state thing literally , as I did , these new developments were even more troubling .
The vast majority of people at the Story County Convention were n’t there to help select a president .
They were bent on electing a Preacher - in - Chief , and their present - day analogues have only been emboldened by 20 + years of being taken way too damned seriously .
Some people are probably reading this and thinking that I hate Christians , which is pure silliness .
My issue is n’t with honest Christians , whether I agree with them theologically or not .
It ’s with the theocratic agenda .
I have no real concern with what a person believes .
I ’m equally fine with a person living in accordance with those beliefs so long as they lead him or her down a better path .
But when the decision is made to project those beliefs on the larger culture via political means , we ’re no longer talking about religion .
We ’re talking about strongarm , despotic politics of the most arrogant sort imaginable .
And there I draw a hard line .
For people like me , the last 25 - 30 years have been distressing .
Which brings us to Election 2008 .
John McCain and the Wide Right
The uneasy dance between Sen. McCain and the GOP ’s social conservatives over the past few months has been a lot of fun to watch – kinda like seeing Larry Flynt and Phyllis Schlafly being forced at gunpoint into an arranged marriage .
Put simply , they really do n’t seem to much care for each other , but neither sees a viable alternative .
A lot has been written about this tension of late , too .
Have a look at the Google :
And so on , and so on , and so on … .
The Los Angeles Times takes a good hard look at how all this is playing out in Ohio , a key battleground state , and what they find is bad news for McCain .
As the architect of Ohio ’s ballot measure against gay marriage , Phil Burress helped draw thousands of conservative voters to the polls in 2004 , most of whom also cast ballots to reelect President Bush .
So Burress was not surprised when two high - level staffers from John McCain ’s campaign dropped by his office , asking for his help this fall .
What surprised Burress was how badly the meeting went .
He says he tried but failed to make the McCain team understand how much work remained to overcome the skepticism of social conservatives .
Burress ended up cutting off the campaign officials as they spoke .
“ He does n’t want to associate with us , ” Burress now says of McCain , “ and we do n’t want to associate with him . ”
That meeting and other run-ins with conservatives , some Republicans say , have revealed the depth of the challenge facing McCain : mollifying Republican constituencies that have distrusted many of his policy positions , in order to build the machinery needed to push voters to the polls in November .
If McCain tried to gather his volunteers in Ohio , “ you could meet in a phone booth , ” said radio host Bill Cunningham , who attacks the Arizona senator regularly on his talk show .
“ There ’s no sense in this part of Ohio that John McCain is a conservative or that his election would have a material benefit to conservatism . ”
In some ways , though , the “ Ohio disconnect ” pales to another story bubbling up in the press – that McCain has refused to meet with Rev. Billy Graham .
Conservative news outlet Newsmax is reporting that its attempts to facilitate a meeting between John McCain and longtime pastor - to - the - presidents Billy Graham have been rebuffed by the McCain campaign .
Here is Newsmax writer Doug Wead :
In recent weeks I have been involved with Brian Jacobs , a Fort Worth , Texas , minister and consultant to the Billy Graham Association , to broker a meeting between McCain and Graham .
In May , we contacted the McCain campaign with an offer to arrange such a meeting , as we had done between candidate George W. Bush and Graham during the 2000 election .
In response to their overtures , McCain ’s director of scheduling sent Wead and Jacobs an emailing saying , “ Senator McCain appreciates your invitation and the valuable opportunity it represents .
Unfortunately , I must pass along our regrets and do not foresee an opportunity to add this event to the calendar . ”
The hesitance on the part of the McCain campaign may be because of McCain ’s past experiences with pastors this campaign season : he ’s had to dump endorsements from John Hagee and Rod Parsley after controversial statements from both men made it politically impossible for McCain to stay associated with them .
( Caveat : there may be no hesitance at all ; Newsmax may have gotten this story wrong . )
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot ?
As the story goes on to note :
Billy Graham is n’t Hagee or Parsley .
He has had a relationship with every president since Eisenhower , Republicans and Democrats alike .
He has been thoroughly and completely vetted ; no one would blame McCain for meeting with him .
The campaign ’s reported decision to avoid Graham may be part of a novel strategy for a modern Republican presidential candidate , one that jettisons the Religious Right in favor of moderates .
Now , there ’s some question about the validity of this story , as a Mother Jones update explains .
In this version , McCain did n’t rebuff Graham , he blew off the two men who were trying to broker the meeting , which is a different thing entirely .
This is plausible , especially given the statement of Graham ’s representative .
But it ’s also possible that we ’re seeing nothing more in the response than damage control .
If you ’re inclined to believe this theory , you ’d certainly take as evidence the fact that McCain has been the nominee for quite some time now , that during the entirety of his campaign he ’s had a serious evangelical problem , and yet despite all this he still has n’t reached out to the man who ’s pretty much been the nonpartisan , noncontroversial gold standard of American evangelical Protestantism for decades .
A sit -down with Graham might not solve all McCain ’s Jesus problems , but it damned sure would n’t hurt anything .
The Fracturing of the GOP ?
All of this is potentially very good news , because anything that separates church from state is in the best interests of the Republic .
The Wide Right does n’t have a candidate they trust and respect ( unless you count Mickey Mouse ) and the only candidate they have is , at best , pursuing their support with something less than his entire heart and soul .
I suppose this gives us a number of scenarios to contemplate , but let ’s look at a couple of the more obvious ones .
First , say the evangelicals sit things out in November and McCain loses .
Good news , because now they ’re in no place to influence to the conduct of government for at least a couple years .
These could be very important years as Obama does things like appoint judges who have read the Constitution .
Second – say they sit things out and McCain wins anyway .
While McCain winning would be a Very Bad Thing® in most every way , what would be the lasting impact on the American political scene if it became clear that you do n’t need the Unwashed Trailer Park Bible Thumping Legion in order to win ?
Hmmm …
Interesting question , that , and if you could permanently extract from the political process those who do not believe in the Constitution it might almost be worth enduring four years of a faux maverick presidency .
Operative words there : “ if ” and “ almost . ”
In any case , the unholy bedfellowship of Trailer Park and Country Club has been horrible for the country , and if McCain can be the crowbar that pries them apart , even if only temporarily , we will owe him a debt .
This does n’t mean we should vote for him or love him or believe a word of his hypocritical bullshit , of course , but we ’ll take our victories however we can get them .
And a revised Republican Party that ’s marginally more focused on our nation ’s real problems would hopefully be better for us all in the long run .
It would potentially make the Democrats stronger , smarter and more responsive and the new GOP would perhaps be a little less dangerous than it has been .
Some of the country ’s better ideas historically have either come from Republicans or been helped along by the party .
Getting back to those days would n’t be the worst thing imaginable , would it ?
The credit meltdown has spawned a few false villains , and one is “ mark - to - market ” accounting .
Too many observers — including Congress ’s Republican Study Committee — think that if we just suspend the accounting rule that requires financial firms to report certain investments at fair market value , then the crisis will go away .
But accounting is n’t the culprit here .
You may ask :
What the heck is “ mark - to - market ” accounting ?
The people who write and enforce our national accounting standards mandate that publicly traded financial companies must report some of their assets ( things like mortgage - backed securities ) and liabilities ( like money they ’ve borrowed from other institutions ) at “ marked - to - market ” values .
That is , if you bought a certain security at $ 100 last year , but you ca n’t find anyone to buy it this year for more than $ 40 , you ’ve got to report its worth as $ 40 , since , unless you plan to build a time machine , that ’s the “ fair - value market price ” it would command .
Contrary to popular belief , mark - to - market accounting is n’t new .
Financial institutions have reported many financial instruments this way for decades , usually because they wanted to .
Their desire makes intuitive sense .
If much of your business is borrowing huge amounts of money and then buying and selling securities to exploit and magnify small price changes in those securities , then you ’ve got to have a way of telling the world how much money you ’ve made this quarter doing just that .
Informing your investors that Joe ’s mortgage is still worth the same $ 250,000 it was 10 years ago ( when somebody else lent him the money ) , minus Joe ’s previous payments , does n’t advance that goal .
But telling them that you made $ 50 million on Joe ’s mortgage and thousands of others like it this month by exploiting small changes in interest - rate expectations does .
Financial institutions even fought for , and eventually won , the right to report some of their really long - term assets at day - to - day “ fair values . ”
Firms like Macquarie report the value of toll roads on such a basis so that they can take regular profits from them .
Enron won the right to report long - term energy contracts on a “ fair - value ” basis , allowing it to do much the same thing , with a big dose of fraud mixed in .
This stuff sounds crazy ( and it might be ) , but it ’s what the industry wanted .
Especially over the past decade or so , banks thought that anything — whether it ’s a toll road in the first world or a power plant in India — could be monetized and treated as a perfectly liquid , instantly tradable financial instrument , like 100 shares of Exxon stock .
But contrary to another popular belief , no financial firm has to report all of its assets at “ fair value . ”
What must be reported that way are things like derivative securities , securities purchased temporarily — or what an institution hoped was temporarily — through constant trading techniques , and securities that companies have designated as “ available for sale . ”
This , too , makes sense : if a bank always planned to sell a particular security pretty fast , and was , in fact , depending on the money from that sale to continue funding its operations and churning out profits , it should value that security at what it ’s worth right now .
When it comes to most long - term investments , financial firms have more discretion .
If a bank had always planned to hold a security “ to maturity ” — that is , hang onto a mortgage - backed security for the entire life of all of the mortgages bundled into it , for example — it does n’t have to pay much attention to those fair values .
There is a big exception , though : if the bank believes that that long - term investment is permanently impaired , it must subtract that impairment from the long - term value .
A security could go bad like this for many reasons : if the market thinks that 40 percent of the borrowers in a mortgage - backed security are going to default , that ’s a permanent impairment , because the institution holding the security will suffer those losses even if it holds the security until maturity .
But even then , an institution does n’t have to write these long - term securities down to immediate market values ; it only has to write them down to , say , the expected value of the remaining good mortgages in the security .
So what ’s all this talk about fair - value rules being new and somehow precipitating or at least exacerbating the current crisis ?
In truth , the only new wrinkle came last November , when the accounting - standards people issued new guidelines for how to measure fair value .
First , they reminded people that though companies usually have a choice about whether to report an asset in a “ fair - value ” category , once they decide to do so for a particular investment , they ca n’t change their minds .
Second , the standards folks told companies how they should mark affected assets to “ fair values ” when there was n’t much of a market for them .
The board assigned three simple categories .
“ Level one ” denoted assets that financial institutions could accurately compare with identical assets trading in active liquid markets , meaning that investors could feel confident that the “ fair value ” prices were current and reasonable .
“ Level two ” contained assets whose fair values were harder to determine , but for which institutions could still find somewhat comparable assets trading in somewhat active markets .
This designation gave companies a way to warn investors that they should treat those prices with some skepticism .
“ Level three ” designated assets for which there was no market activity — like lots of mortgage - backed and derivative securities , starting last year .
If a company labeled an asset “ level three , ” it was a signal to investors that it was next to impossible to assign a fair value to that asset .
The companies did n’t have to report such values as zero , though .
They could still provide their best guess as to the securities ’ value , as well as the reasoning behind that guess .
But the accounting board clearly meant for investors to treat any such “ level three ” asset values with a large helping of salt .
Around the same time , of course , the markets for the most opaque , complex securities were seizing up , and hundreds of billions of dollars ’ worth of residential mortgage securities , commercial mortgage securities , and the like have moved straight from the sterling “ level one ” corner office to the dreaded “ level three ” basement .
Whereas once you could instantly find thousands of buyers for mortgage - backed securities close to the prices at which the securities were issued , nobody wants them anymore — at least not without weeks of scrutiny , and certainly not at the price the banks want to sell them .
In demonizing fair - value rules , critics say that the standards have spawned write - down after write - down , causing yet more losses at financial institutions that use their peers ’ values as guidelines , and causing more investors to flee , escalating the losses and causing big firms to fail .
No one doubts that we ’re experiencing a crisis in confidence in asset values , but fair - value accounting did n’t cause it .
It could have been stopped only by the banks themselves .
They could have chosen , starting more than two decades ago , to be in the long - term investment business rather than in the short - term , exotic - security creation and trading business .
People who say that it ’s not proper to value a long - term asset at today ’s value miss the point .
Most such assets were never meant to be long - term investments for the banks that had just issued them or still held them when the credit crisis struck .
Moreover , fair - value accounting is n’t exacerbating the crisis , and suspending the rules wo n’t slow it .
First , the problem for investors is n’t that banks are blindly , slavishly adhering to some arbitrary rules .
It ’s that with or without the rules , nobody knows what certain securities are worth .
Investors did n’t short Lehman Brothers ’ stock because it had written its “ level three ” securities down to zero ( it had n’t ) .
They shorted Lehman partly because they did n’t think that it had written such securities down far enough — some were still valued at 70 percent of original value , while Merrill Lynch had sold what seemed to be similar securities at 22 percent of their original value .
As for the charge that it ’s ridiculous to value some mortgages at 22 percent on the dollar , and that fair - value accounting helps to create the absurdity : maybe , maybe not .
The stark truth is that when you consider that banks wrote mortgages against houses that may have been more than 100 percent overvalued , and when you consider how much it costs such institutions to foreclose on a house and maintain it for a few months or longer before sale in a tough market , it ’s easy to see how values get down to less than half .
Subtract some more money for uncertainty — which markets do all the time — and you ’re down to 22 percent , more or less .
Finally , even if standard bearers and regulators suspended fair - market rules today , banks would still be wedded to fair - market principles , at least until all of today ’s complex securities are unwound .
Consider credit - derivative securities , a form of insurance against debt default .
AIG , which holds half a trillion dollars in such obligations , would have gone bankrupt last week without government help .
But AIG ’s problem was n’t some accounting rules .
Even without them , AIG ’s trading partners would have demanded higher cash collateral from the firm as ratings agencies downgraded the firm , due in part to their own private assessment of the chance that AIG would actually have to pay out on those claims .
The same was true at firm after firm : risks increased and counterparties demanded more cash , as called for in private contracts .
Changing the accounting rules midstream ca n’t change that .
In the end , the only thing that was wrong with “ fair value ” accounting was that it was a mirror of the modern financial industry .
Financial institutions thought that they could trade anything , anywhere , at any time , safely and virtually risk - free and for an instant profit .
It turns out that they could n’t .
Fair value ’s sin was in exposing that failure spectacularly .
But the anti -“ mark - to - market ” crowd may well get its wish , not because the accounting and regulatory world will throw away fair - value rules , but because investors will regard the business behind such rules much more carefully .
After all , financial institutions needed money from the outside world to create all of those fair - value investments in everything from mortgages to toll roads ; it ’s unlikely they ’ll replenish their now - depleted coffers in the future , because investors now understand what complex securities and assets structured to trade instantaneously do not only on their way up — but on their way down .
' War on Terror ' poll for BBC World Service [ 2MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here US - led efforts to tackle the al - Qaeda group are not regarded as successful , an opinion poll carried out for the BBC World Service suggests .
Some 29 % of people said the " war on terror " launched by President George W Bush in 2001 had had no effect on the Islamist militant network .
According to 30 % of those surveyed , US policies have strengthened al - Qaeda .
The most commonly held view of al - Qaeda in the 23 nations polled was a negative one - except in Egypt and Pakistan .
Terror stalemate Asked who is winning " the conflict between al - Qaeda and the US " , 49 % said neither side while 22 % believed the US had gained the upper hand .
Just 10 % said al - Qaeda was winning .
The US made al - Qaeda a prime target in its " war on terror " BBC defence analyst Rob Watson said the overall verdict across the world appeared to be that the war on terror had produced something of a stalemate .
The next question the pollsters asked was : " Do you think what US leaders refer to as the ' war on terror ' has made al - Qaeda stronger , weaker or has had no effect either way ? "
Just 22 % said US action had made the organisation weaker - that figure rising to 34 % in the US itself .
Losing hearts and minds ?
Our correspondent says there is plenty in this survey to worry the governments of Egypt and Pakistan .
When asked " overall would you say your feelings about al - Qaeda are positive , negative or mixed " , some 60 % of Egyptians said they had either a positive or mixed view .
Analysts say the group continues to have many Egyptians among its leaders .
Meanwhile in Pakistan , where much of the battle against al - Qaeda is being fought , just 19 % said they had a negative view of Osama Bin Laden 's organisation .
Doug Miller , from polling agency Globescan , said the findings from Egypt and Pakistan were " yet another indicator that the US ' war on terror ' is not winning hearts and minds " .
Some 24,000 adults across 23 countries were polled for the BBC World Service between 8 July and 12 September .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
DETROIT ( Reuters ) - General Motors Corp on Tuesday announced a plan to cut costs by $ 10 billion , suspend its common stock dividend and sell up to $ 4 billion in assets in a bid to shore up cash and survive a deep industry slump .
The hurried restructuring , GM ’s second in just six weeks , was forced by high fuel prices , a consumer shift away from low - mileage trucks , the weakest U.S. auto sales in a decade , and growing investor doubts about the automaker ’s ability to ride out the downturn .
GM , which has lost $ 51 billion over the past three years as it has cut jobs and closed plants , said the steps were aimed at addressing deepening concerns that have driven its stock price to 54 - year lows and raised the cost of insuring its debt against default .
“ What we saw was an even decidedly more hostile environment in the capital markets , ” GM President and Chief Operating Officer Fritz Henderson told reporters .
“ You saw financial markets almost seize up . ”
The automaker said it would cut white - collar costs by 20 percent , a step expected to mean the loss of thousands of jobs among the 40,000 salaried workers GM employs in North America .
GM shares rose nearly 7 percent on the restructuring news but remain down about 60 percent this year .
Since Chief Executive Rick Wagoner took over in 2000 , the shares have fallen in value about 80 percent .
Analysts said GM ’s plan , intended to raise $ 15 billion in liquidity through 2009 , addressed the most urgent Wall Street concerns about pressure on its $ 24 billion in remaining cash .
But they cautioned that the company ’s turnaround still hinged on a recovery in the U.S. economy and on GM ’s ability to sell more fuel - efficient passenger cars , a market now dominated by foreign makers led by Toyota Motor Corp .
GM has also faced criticism for restructuring steps since 2005 that have consistently fallen short of what was required given the downward spiral in its results .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ We have to see better demand for automobiles , for cars and trucks , in order for the liquidity crisis to be put to bed , ” said Tim Ghriskey , chief investment officer at Solaris Asset Management in New York .
“ They ’re burning through about $ 3 billion in cash a quarter .
The cash drain has to stop at some point or GM has larger problems . ”
GM said it would save $ 10 billion in cash through 2009 through a series of steps including cuts to white - collar jobs and retiree health - care and an elimination of executive bonuses for 2008 .
Capital spending would be cut by $ 1.5 billion , and GM would accelerate plant closures announced last month , as it aims to move its vehicle line - up away from a reliance on SUVs and light trucks .
Lehman Brothers analyst Brian Johnson called the cost- cutting targets “ relatively credible ” but said the overall plan fell short of a vision for renewal .
“ The announcements offered little sense of a ‘ new ’ GM strategy or shift in the organizational culture that might set the stage for a more dramatic reinvention , ” he said in a note to clients .
GM , which has not given a timeline for returning to profitability , warned it would post a “ substantial ” second - quarter loss , including charges related to supplier American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings Inc and 49 percent owned finance company GMAC .
PRESSURE , STAKES ON THE RISE
GM has been under intensifying pressure to cut costs and raise capital because of the slump in U.S. auto sales that drove its first - half sales down 16 percent .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
In early June , GM Chief Executive Rick Wagoner announced the company would close four North American truck plants and try to sell its Hummer SUV brand in response to higher gasoline prices .
But market sentiment has darkened on GM in the weeks since that announcement , with most analysts no longer expecting a recovery in U.S. auto sales in 2009 .
By identifying $ 10 billion in cost - cutting as the central element in its restructuring , GM believes it can rely mostly on “ self - help ” rather than the capital markets to shore up liquidity , executives said .
At the same time , GM set an initial target of raising just $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion in new financing -- far more limited than some analysts had expected .
Wagoner said the automaker could borrow more if debt markets recovered .
But Goldman Sachs analyst Patrick Archambault said the structure of GM ’s plan puts pressure squarely on Wagoner and his leadership team to deliver .
“ GM ’s current plan puts a lot of emphasis on delivering cash savings from operating measures , and in the current environment investors remain skeptical on GM ’s ability to execute , ” he said .
Wagoner said GM ’s steps would provide it with ample liquidity through 2009 , even assuming a continued weak U.S. market crimped by high oil prices .
GM said it had retained advisers to look at asset sales expected to raise $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion .
Executives said potential buyers had already expressed interest in the military - derived Hummer brand , but they gave no details .
GM will begin capturing savings from a cost- cutting deal with the United Auto Workers union in 2010 .
In a significant concession , union leadership quietly approved a deferral of $ 1.7 billion that had been scheduled for payment to a health care trust aligned with the UAW in 2008 and 2009 , GM said .
That deferred payment means GM ’s major union will be effectively loaning it money at 9 percent interest until the deferred payments to the health care account are made .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Europe's " Jules Verne " space freighter has destroyed itself in a controlled burn - up over the southern Pacific .
The 13.5 - tonne cargo ship had completed a six - month mission to the space station and was packed with the orbiting platform 's rubbish .
Two engine firings were required to slow the freighter sufficiently to pull it into the atmosphere .
The European and US space agencies had chase planes in the air to try to capture the fireball on video .
Astronauts on the space station reported seeing the light from the falling freighter .
It 's been a fantastic ride
John Ellwood , ATV project manager " Everything went correctly , nominally , smoothly .
This was the last section of the chain , " said Simonetta di Pippo , head of human spaceflight at the European Space Agency ( Esa ) .
Most of the vehicle was expected to burn up in the descent ; only fragments should have made it down to the ocean water .
Computer modelling of the re-entry had put the impact time at 1346 GMT .
Events were overseen from Esa 's freighter control centre in Toulouse , France .
John Ellwood , the agency 's vehicle project manager , said all the data would need to be assessed before it was known conclusively how the re-entry went ; but the early indications were that everything had proceeded as expected .
And summing up the past six months , he told BBC News : " It 's been a fantastic ride ; everything has worked nominally .
Although there are mixed emotions at the end , there is a lot of satisfaction after having had such a fantastic mission . "
Jules Verne - also known by the generic name Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) - cost about 1.3bn euros to develop .
Although Esa has produced many complex scientific satellites , none match the scale of the freighter .
JULES VERNE - THE FIRSTS
The ATV is the first completely automated rendezvous and docking ship to go to the ISS The ATV is the largest and most powerful space tug going to the ISS over its mission life
It provides the largest refuelling and waste elimination capability for the space station
It is the only vehicle on the current timeline able to de-orbit the ISS when it is retired
Berlin unveils ' crewed spaceship '
Manned spaceship design unveiled Key moment for Europe After launch , the space truck can work out where it needs to go in space , and then makes a fully automatic docking once it arrives at its destination .
It was developed as part of Esa 's ISS membership agreement , to haul cargo , propellant , water and oxygen to the space station ; and also to provide propulsion capacity at the station .
But such has been the performance of Jules Verne that Esa officials and industry chiefs are already talking about upgrading the ship 's design - potentially to carry astronauts .
The first step , however , would be to develop technologies that enable the safe return of cargo to Earth .
European space ministers will discuss the issue at their meeting in The Hague in November .
Cost : Total bill was 1.3bn euros ( at least 4 more ATVs will be built )
Total cargo capacity : 7.6 tonnes , but first mission flew lighter Mass at launch : About 20 tonnes depending on cargo manifest Dimensions : 10.3 m long and 4.5 m wide - the size of a large bus Solar panels :
Once unfolded , the solar wings span 22.3 m
Engine power : 4 x 490 - Newton thrusters ; and 28 x 220N thrusters Mission timeline : Launch - 9 March ; Docking - 3 April ;
Undocking - 5 September ; De-orbit - 29 September
Mission Guide : Jules Verne
Under the agreement Esa has with its international partners , at least four more ATVs will be flown to the space station in the coming years .
The next is due to launch in 2010 .
And , ultimately , it is likely that an ATV will be tasked with destroying the space station when the partners have decided the platform is beyond servicing , perhaps towards the end of the next decade .
A freighter will be commanded to drive the whole structure into a similar region of the south Pacific .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
My new book is titled Jobs with Equality .
It ’s available from Oxford University Press ( the publisher ) , Amazon , Barnes and Noble , and others .
I ’ve put the introductory chapter online .
Here ’s a summary :
Income inequality has been rising in many of the world ’s affluent countries , due to a variety of economic and social shifts .
Redistribution can help , but government revenues are threatened by globalization and population aging .
Like a growing number of observers , I see an increase in the employment rate as a way out of this impasse ; it enlarges the tax base , allowing tax revenues to rise without an increase in tax rates .
The question is : Can egalitarian institutions and policies be coupled with employment growth ?
In the book I assess the experiences of rich nations since the late 1970s .
I examine the impact on employment of six key policies and institutions : wage levels at the low end of the labor market , employment protection regulations , government benefit generosity , taxes , skills , and women - friendly policies .
It turns out that there is no parsimonious set of institutions and policies that have been key to good ( or bad ) employment performance .
The comparative experience features multiple paths to employment success , including low - inequality ones .
This suggests reason for optimism about possibilities for a high - employment , high - equality society .
" Houston ... Tranquility Base here ... the Eagle has landed . "
And with those words , mankind changed forever .
We were no longer bound to one planet , one place , troglodytes adhering to the surface of Earth .
We became a space - dwelling species .
Future historians will divide humanity 's time on Earth into two eras , and the demarcation between them was that moment .
Five more times we'd go to the Moon .
The next four decades were spent in low - Earth orbit , limited circles with an inevitable return to the bottom of the gravity well .
But we can't help looking up , looking out , toward the stars .
We 've already begun our preparation to return to where we need to go , to space , to the Moon , to the planets .
We 're still arguing over how to do it , and even if we should .
But I know we will .
We have to .
Millions of years of evolutionary pressure have made us explorers , engraving the need to seek things out in our genes and in our brains .
We 'll go back .
We 'll go to stay , and settle , and then move out again .
The sky is full of places to go , enough to satisfy the needs and desires of a thousand generations .
It 's just a matter of time .
Happy anniversary , Apollo 11 .
And we thank you .
The " halo " area around Apollo 15 landing site observed by Terrain Camera on SELENE ( KAGUYA )
The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) reported on the " halo " generated by the Apollo 15 * lunar module engine exhaust plume that was detected in the data from Terrain Camera ( TC ) image .
This was an image processed by the SELENE mission instrument team from the observation data of the Apollo 15 landing site on the moon ( the foot of the Apennine Mountains encircling the Mare Imbrium close to Hadley Rille ) .
This is the world 's first report on the detection of the " halo " through observations after the end of the Apollo program .
Through the produced three - dimensional image of the same landscape as that of the picture taken by the Apollo 15 crew , the spatial accuracy of the TC observation was verified .
The three dimensional view of the TC clearly shows the layers of lava flows that erupted approximately about 3.2 billion years ago in the upper part of the Hadley Rille .
* The Apollo 15 was the ninth manned mission , and fourth lunar landing mission of the Apollo program .
The Apollo 15 was launched on July 26 , 1971 ( JST ) , landed on the Moon on July 31 , 1971 , and then landed back on Earth on August 8 , 1971 .
This mission was the first " J mission " and was primarily concerned with scientific research , and stayed longer on the Moon than previous Apollo missions .
( Fig1 ) 3D view image of the Apollo 15 landing site obtained by TCThe " Falcon " Lunar Module of the Apollo 15 landed on the moon on July 31 , 1971 ( JST ) near the Hadley Rille , at the foot of the Apennine Mountains encircling the Mare Imbrium .
The Hadley Rille is a sinuous Rille with a length of 80 km and depth of 300m .
One of the missions of the Apollo 15 was to study the origin of this Rille .
The Rille and the towering mountains near the Rille make this a place of scenic beauty .
This three - dimensional ( 3D ) image was produced from stereo pair image data of the Terrain Camera ( TC ) .
The view point was set to show the Rille from the west at a height of 15 km . ( Fig 2 ) Topographic map of the Apollo 15 landing site .
( The star mark is the landing site , and the red arrow stands for the view direction of Fig 1 ) ( reference : http://www.lpi.usra.edu/
( Fig 3 ) The enlarged image where the area of the potential " halo " exists .
( left image : 1 square kilometer in size .
The inside of the red circle includes the potential " halo " ) .
The reflectivity of the " halo " area became brighter than the original one by the Apollo 15 * lunar module engine exhaust plume and the probable " halo " area was confirmed . ( Fig 4 ) The lunar surface reflectivity change from before and after the landing ( provided from NASA ( left image : AS15-87-11719 , right image : AS15-9430 ) ) Figure 4 shows the reflectivity change of the surface before and after the landing of the Apollo 15 .
The left image was taken obliquely from the descending lunar module .
The right image was taken from the command service module from an altitude of 110 km on the second orbit of the Moon after the landing .
The circle area includes the landing site , and the " halo " can be seen in the right image .
( Fig 5 ) TC 3D image and the picture taken by Apollo 15 astronaut .
( left image : TC , right image : Apollo ) The viewpoint of the 3D image produced from TC stereo - pair data can be freely changed .
The 3D image from TC data shows quite a similar landscape ( left image ) to the picture taken by the Apollo 15 crew ( right image ; provided from NASA : AS15-82-11122HR ) .
Although the small objects ( e.g. rocks ) cannot be shown in this TC image because their respective sizes are less than the spatial resolution of the TC of 10 meters , the shape of the mountains and hills is almost the same , indicating the spatial observation accuracy of the TC is very high . ( Fig.6 ) This still image is a cutout from the movie taken by the SELENE ( KAGUYA ) HDTV ( telephoto camera ) on January 29 , 2008 ( JST . ) .
The Apollo 15 landing site , as well as the Montes Apenninus , Hadley Rille ( in the left ) and Archimedes crater ( in the center ) are seen in this image . ( Fig 7 ) 3D view image around the Hadley Rille obtained by TCDuring the Apollo 15 mission , astronauts also collected samples of mare basalt near the Hadley Rille .
They confirmed that the Mare Imbrium was composed of many layers of lava flows , from several to ten meters in depth .
The 3D view of the TC looking at the southeast direction from the northwest clearly shows the layers of lava flows on the upper parts of the Rille 's wall .
These layers were probably formed approximately about 3.2 billion years ago .
From Politico :
“ I am grateful for the fact that I have a wonderful life , ” McCain said .
“ I spent some years without a kitchen table , without a chair , and I know what it ’s like to be blessed by the opportunities of this great nation .
Cindy ’s father , who barely finished high school , went off and distinguished himself in World War II in a B - 17 and came back with practically nothing and realized the American dream , and I am proud and grateful for that , and I think he is a role model to many young Americans who serve in the military and come back and succeed .
McCain seems to be saying that the American people do not have the right to ask any questions of Johim , about any topic , because he was a POW .
Just as interesting , McCain himself is now playing the POW card , something the media routinely claimed he was loathe to do .
Politico and TIME have warned that McCain is entering risky territory by so over - using his former POW status to deflect any and all discussion of any topic , even those topics totally unrelated to his POW experience .
How McCain ’s former POW status is related to the fact that he can’t remember how many homes he owns , how his wife ’s father being a Vet somehow exonerates McCain from the hypocrisy of accusing Obama of being an elitist when McCain ’s the far richer of the two , remains a mystery .
What is not a mystery is the fact that McCain will continue to inject his former POW status to deflect questions about any topic .
It remains to be seen if Americans accept this tactic , or reject it .
This video , that we posted earlier , is an example of some of the backlash that may be building :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LW4msHu_9EQ]
We heavily rely on JavaScript which is disabled in your browser .
Please , turn it on , and refresh the page .
" Use more psychedelic drugs , " is not advice you would expect from your GP , but that is the call from an influential UK medical journal to researchers .
An editorial in the Lancet says that the " demonisation of psychedelic drugs as a social evil " has stifled vital medical research that would lead to a better understanding of the brain and better treatments for conditions such as depression .
The journal 's editor Richard Horton said he was not advocating recreational drug use , but championed the benefits of researchers studying the effects of drugs such as LSD and Ecstasy by using them themselves in the lab .
" The blanket ban on psychedelic drugs enforced in many countries continues to hinder safe and controlled investigation , in a medical environment , of their potential benefits , " said the editorial , " ... criminalisation of these agents has also led to an excessively cautious approach to further research into their therapeutic benefits . "
Dr Horton told Guardian Unlimited that important advances were made by researchers using psychedelic drugs on themselves , but that these studies were stifled by the post - 1960s anti-drug backlash .
" Our very earliest understanding of the neurochemistry of the brain came from studying LSD - like compounds .
Those same researchers were also taking those drugs , not recreationally , but as experiments on themselves .
This was immensely important work . "
" The whole taboo around recreational drug use can make the study of these drugs very difficult , " he said , " We need to get a balance between these social taboos and what 's best for patients . "
Dr Horton 's comments echo those from psychiatrist Ben Sessa on the 100th birthday of Albert Hoffmann , who discovered LSD .
" It is as if a whole generation of psychiatrists have had this systematically erased from their education , " he told the Guardian in January .
" But for the generation who trained in the 50s and 60s , this really was going to be the next big thing .
Thousands of books and papers were written , but then it all went silent .
My generation has never heard of it .
It 's almost as if there has been an active demonisation . "
Some anti-drug charities and politicians argue that medical research on illegal drugs should remain taboo because it risks sending a confused message to potential users .
Rick Doblin of the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies in Sarasota , Florida rejects this argument .
" The idea that by contradicting the exaggerated propaganda you are somehow sending the wrong message is false , " he said , " Kids know when they are being told something that is way exaggerated , but then they do n't know what is the truth . "
The journal 's call comes at a crucial moment , he said , because several small studies of the medicinal effects of illegal drugs are under way .
" I think it is a tremendously courageous step . "
MDMA , the active ingredient in ecstasy , has shown promise in treating post - traumatic stress disorder and anxiety in cancer patients , while LSD and psylocibin - the active ingredient in magic mushrooms - are being investigated as treatments from cluster headaches .
Sativex , a treatment for multiple sclerosis derived from cannabis , is already available in Canada .
Talking as part of a keynote Q&A at the Paris Game Developers Conference , Blizzard SVP Rob Pardo has been discussing the history of world - leading MMO , revealing the game was originally planned as a free - to - play title .
Speaking as part of an in - depth conversation with GDC executive director Jamil Moledina , Pardo commented : " When were first going to make , we wanted to make it free and advertising supported .
" However , the Blizzard exec noted : " We did n't want to charge a subscription , but as we researched market conditions , we realized that would n't support us .
" Elsewhere in the talk , Pardo discussed how the firm powered forward into the MMO genre with the PC MMO .
He quipped : " Very naively , or else we might not have done it . "
Early inspirations were , and then - but Blizzard felt they could see the elements that made those games less accessible .
The full Pardo conversation at GDC Paris is now available on Gamasutra , including the Blizzard exec thoughts on a whole host of major issues , from user - generated content through the Activision / Vivendi merger and beyond .
Update :
The original website with its digitally - altered ‘ miniworld ’ pics seems to have been taken down .
I ’ve constructed a few of my own ‘ miniworld ’ pics to give the reader an idea of what I ’m talking about :
From now on , I save an archive of all photos I use from the internet !
While stumbling through the ‘ tubes the other day , I came across a very cute series of photos , an example of which is pictured below :
Is it a picture of a real place , or a picture of a miniature model ?
All the pictures are apparently of real places , digitally modified via Photoshop to make them look tiny !
If you are skeptical , you can see the original picture of Stonehenge in the snow here , and what looks to be the original of Tokyo Tower here .
I ’m not a digital photo expert , but it looks like a number of ‘ tricks ’ were used to make the pictures look miniature , including the simple psychological effect of always having views from above .
The most significant modification , though , is of the focus : in the modified pictures , the foregrounds and backgrounds are out of focus , and this alone can fool the eye .
Why is this ?
This effect is a clever exploitation of the concept of depth of field , and its related ‘ cousin ’ , depth of focus .
I thought I ’d do a short post about the idea ( my friend Personal Demon suggested the topic months ago , actually ) and the related mathematics .
Along the way we ’ll introduce a few simple lens topics from geometrical optics .
Without going into too much detail , according to the theory of geometrical optics , in free space light travels along straight line paths called rays .
One can see how this idea came about : light passing through gaps in a cloud or through gaps in the foliage of trees appears as a continuous line of light .
A lens can be used to focus light through the process of refraction .
Light rays passing through the glass of the lens are deflected at different angles depending on the angle at which the ray approaches and the thickness of the glass at the point of entry .
For instance , the image below shows the effect of a lens upon a collection of parallel rays :
For our purposes we only need two numbers to characterize the properties of a lens : its focal length and its - number .
The focal length is the distance between the center of the ( presumably thin ) lens and its focal point , as illustrated above .
The - number is the diameter of the usable part of the lens , usually expressed in units of focal lengths .
In other words , a lens whose diameter is half of a focal length has an - number of , while a lens whose diameter is an eighth of a focal length has an - number of .
The distance at which a lens forms an image is characterized entirely by the aptly - named thin lens equation , given by
,
where is the distance of the object to be imaged from the front of the lens and is the distance at which the image appears behind the lens .
This is illustrated below :
For this example , the object is placed at , which by the thin lens equation results in an image at .
For the picture , the - number is , though it is important to note that the - number has no effect on the axial position of the image .
It will , however , play an important role in the discussion of depth of field and depth of focus .
The thin lens model can be used to understand the operation of simple cameras and the human eye .
In a camera , a lens ( or , usually , a system of lenses ) projects an image onto photographic film or a CCD sensor .
In the human eye , a lens projects an image onto the retina in the back of the eye , where the image information is converted into neuron signals :
It is to be noted , however , that the thin lens equation suggests that every object distance is imaged to a different image distance .
In other words , the image of an object which is 15 feet away will appear at a different location behind the lens than the image of an object which is 10 feet away .
If a camera ( or an eye ) is to be useful , it must be able to image objects at different distances .
In a camera , one can adjust focus by changing the distance between the lens and the film ; in the human eye , muscles in the eye change the focal length of the lens by distorting its shape .
What happens if our film ( or retina ) is not placed at the ideal image distance ?
The image will be increasingly blurry the further we move from the ideal image distance .
There will be , however , a range of distances around the ideal distance where the blur will not be noticeable .
This range of distances is known as the depth of focus .
We may also ask what happens to the images of objects which are not located at the ideal object distance .
Again , there will be a range of distances around the ideal distance where the blur will not be noticeable .
This range of distances is known as the depth of field .
We can summarize both this ideas as follows :
1. Depth of focus .
For a given object distance , the depth of focus is the range of image distances for which the object is in focus .
2. Depth of field .
For a given image distance , the depth of field is the range of object distances for which the object is in focus .
Both of these concepts are illustrated below .
The ideas of depth of focus and depth of field both concern the ability of an image - forming device to make sharp images , but under different circumstances .
When we are focusing on a single object and want to know the range of positions within the camera which are effectively in focus , we are referring to depth of focus .
When we are imaging a collection of objects at different distances and want to know how many of these objects will be in focus at a given image plane , we are referring to depth of field .
Neither of these concepts are ‘ absolute ’ properties of an imaging system : they both depend on the resolution requirements at the end of the system .
For instance , a high - resolution digital camera requires its images to be in much sharper focus than my 20/200 near - sighted eyes do .
A point object which is being improperly imaged will produce a circular spot , rather than a point image , as illustrated below .
It can be seen that the object on axis at A will produce a point image at the point I ; the object on axis at B , however , will produce a point image at an earlier location .
At I , object B produces a circular spot .
It is important to note , and one can see from the diagram below , that the size of the circular spot depends upon the size of the lens aperture ( - number ) .
We define the circle of confusion as the largest diameter circular spot we are willing to tolerate in our imaging system .
Now we can do some math to quantify these concepts !
We ’ll restrict ourselves to studying depth of field , as it is directly relevant to the ‘ miniature ’ pictures listed earlier .
Let ’s start by looking at the behavior on the imaging side of the lens , as shown below :
The lens is taken to have an aperture , and we assume for future sanity that all objects lie at distances greater than the focal length .
We choose an image plane which lies at distance ; images which focus at distances ( red lines ) and ( blue lines ) both produce a circular spot at the image plane ; it is assumed that this spot is of diameter , equal to the circle of confusion .
A little bit of geometry gives us the following formulas for and ,
,
.
Now we can transform this to the object side of the lens ; we have the corresponding figure :
It is to be noted that lies closer to the lens than , because lies closer to the lens than .
We can transform our equations for the image locations into their corresponding object locations using the thin lens formula .
After a bit of work , one finds that
,
,
where is the - number of the lens .
The total depth of field is simply the difference of these values , .
What can we learn from these formulas ?
The formulas for and are identical except for a minus sign which appears in the denominator of .
This sign makes all the difference , however , because that denominator can therefore go to zero , which means that becomes infinite .
This happens when the lens is focused onto an object at a distance such that
.
This distance is known as the hyperfocal distance .
When a lens is focused at or beyond the hyperfocal distance , everything beyond that distance is always in focus .
Herein lies the key to understanding the ‘ miniature ’ pictures mentioned at the beginning of this post .
When we focus our eyes on an object that is extremely close to us , we have a relatively narrow depth of field : objects immediately in front of and behind the object we ’re looking at are out of focus .
When we focus our eyes on a distant subject , we are looking past the hyperfocal distance and see almost everything in focus .
Incidentally , one of the things that happens when you turn a digital camera onto ‘ landscape ’ mode is that the focus is set at or beyond the hyperfocal distance .
Though you probably do n’t consciously realize it , your brain is taking some of its distance cues from this depth of focus behavior .
The ‘ miniature ’ pictures help make big objects appear small by simulating a narrow depth of field .
Can we ‘ fake it ’ the other way , and make miniature objects appear larger ?
In principle this could be done by taking pictures of miniatures with a pinhole camera .
I ’ve talked about the image - forming abilities of the camera obscura in a previous post ; a figure of this is shown below :
The image of a camera obscura ( or , with film , the pinhole camera ) is created by simple geometric projection .
A perfect image is formed regardless of object or image location relative to the pinhole , which means that the pinhole camera has infinite depth of focus .
Of course , if you try to use a pinhole camera to make a miniature scenery look real , you had better have some extremely well - detailed miniatures !
" With council tax so high , the last thing people want to pay for is an army of busybodies peering through their net curtains at their neighbours as they put out their rubbish . "
Abstract : ' Good ' means having qualities that are desirable and distinguishing .
From a developer 's perspective , these qualities are both technical as well as non-technical .
Here are some qualities that a developer should possess if he / she aims at becoming a ' good ' developer .
Are You A Good Developer ?
' Good ' means having qualities that are desirable and distinguishing .
From a developer 's perspective , these qualities are both technical as well as non-technical .
Here are some qualities that a developer should possess if he / she aims at becoming a ' good ' developer .
1. Good Communication skills -
In the software world , people usually define good communication skills as fluency in a spoken language .
That 's not really what it is .
It is how effectively you are able to communicate with others .
As a ' good ' developer , you should be able to express yourself well , listen well , as well as manage the communication process well .
2. Positive Attitude - ' Your attitude determines your altitude ' .
I am sure you must have heard that phrase .
From a developer 's context , this means believe in you , stop blaming others and adapt to changes without fretting .
Remember that you always get what you want because you always want what you get .
3. Read Books - Read plenty of them to get a good idea of different technologies .
Reading books gives you quick and handy insight into a technology .
You should choose books that are usually written by known professionals who recommend best practices and different methods of solving a business problem using the technology .
During the course of time , you will learn to develop your own methods .
Who knows you may one day write a book !!
4. Practice , Practice and Practice - I have seen a lot of developers having good amount of theoretical knowledge .
They read a lot of books and technical material .
However when it comes to applying that knowledge , they take a back foot .
That is because they do not practice .
Efficiency and effectiveness in your work can only be attained if you practice code .
The only way you can make a good developer of yourself is to practice , and then practice some more .
5. Follow Patterns and Best Practices - Patterns & practices reflect technical guidance , technical problem domain and engineering practices based on real - world experiences .
The process to learn it is gradual , but once done ; it can save you a lot of time and efforts and enable you to work smartly .
Follow a Code Design Guideline .
Always use a code analysis tools that will evaluate and analyze your code .
6. Discussion / Newsgroup - Participating in communities develops the quality of leadership and contribution , both ingredients of success .
Having participated in a good technical discussion on the community leaves you with a feeling of self - satisfaction .
It also increases your knowledge , as you find smart people who can validate your solutions , as you validate theirs .
It also teaches you to appreciate suggestions .
Do not forget to ' pat someone on the back ' if he / her has made a positive contribution .
Believe me it makes all the difference .
7. Knowledge of Networking and Databases - People may contradict this point , but during my career as a developer , I have realized that a good developer should know the basics of networking and databases .
Almost all the solutions that we create , involve interactions with networks and databases .
Having knowledge of these two , helps you write better code and saves you on a lot of time too .
8. Blog / Write Articles -
How many of us can remember everything ?
I cannot .
So I document them .
It helps me to reference stuff when I need them .
Over and above , it also helps me get some good feedback from readers and shows me multiple approaches to do the same stuff .
I have received a lot of feedback about my work , some good and some not so good .
However , I do validate them and learn from this process .
It develops the developer in you .
9. KISS - Keep Implementations / Approaches Short and Simple .
Do not over complicate things by using jargons , which people find it hard to understand .
The key is to simplify your designs and avoid over - engineering things .
10 .
Think as a Tester - Developers and Testers ; two sets of people from different camps , ready to take on each other .
I have observed that the intersection of the two produces good results .
It does not harm taking off the developer 's hat for some time and putting on the tester 's hat .
In fact , in the long run it helps you reduce bugs / defects in your code .
You develop a mindset of about breaking your code , when you are creating one .
11 . Consistency is the name of the game - Do you hop jobs too often or are bitten by the ' salary ' bug ?
If yes , then it ’s time for you to sit down , relax and plan .
Invest time in thinking and let your decisions not be spontaneous .
To move ahead , you need a solid foundation and that comes with consistency .
12 . Attend technology seminars and events -
If there is one hosted in your city , make sure you take out time to attend one .
Most of them are free and provide a valuable source of information about new technologies .
13 . Jack of all or Master of One ? -
Well that 's a difficult one to answer .
In today 's scenario , you have to master more than one technology .
Practically it is quite difficult to do so , but the good ones do it .
However the key is adaptability over here .
If you are good at any one technology and confident in it , given an opportunity , it would be easier for to relate to a new technology in a short period of time .
Try it out as it enables you to compare technologies and make decisions , once you have worked with them .
14 . Stop complaining - Did the software fail or are the testers giving you a tough time by finding a lot of bugs ?
A natural tendency for a lot of developers is to react and then overreact in such situations .
While the reaction is natural , it may not be desirable .
Analyze why the software failed or why was the bug reported .
It is going to be a learning experience and will help you in your future projects .
At the end , just remember that you are not going to remain a programmer for ever .
So once you are satisfied and get a feeling that you have proven yourself as a good programmer , it ’s time to re-program yourself .
Expand your interests .
Development is just a part of the process .
Understanding the users and business is in itself an art , one should aim for and should master over a period of time .
I hope you liked the article and I thank you for viewing it .
This article has been editorially reviewed by Suprotim Agarwal .
jQuery , Microsoft , and Nokia
Posted on by
We have two pieces of fantastic , albeit serendipitous , news today : Both Microsoft and Nokia are taking the major step of adopting jQuery as part of their official application development platform .
Not only will they be using it for their corporate development but they will be providing it as a core piece of their platform for developers to build with .
Microsoft is looking to make jQuery part of their official development platform .
Their JavaScript offering today includes the ASP.
NET Ajax Framework and they ’re looking to expand it with the use of jQuery .
This means that jQuery will be distributed with Visual Studio ( which will include jQuery intellisense , snippets , examples , and documentation ) .
Additionally Microsoft will be developing additional controls , or widgets , to run on top of jQuery that will be easily deployable within your .NET applications .
jQuery helpers will also be included in the server - side portion of .NET development ( in addition to the existing helpers ) providing complementary functions to existing ASP .
NET AJAX capabilities .
Nokia is looking to use jQuery to develop applications for their WebKit - based Web Run-Time .
The run-time is a stripped - down browser rendering engine that allows for easy , but powerful , application development .
This means that jQuery will be distributed on all Nokia phones that include the web run-time .
To start Nokia will be moving a number of their applications to work on the run-time ( such as Maps ) and building them using jQuery .
jQuery will become part of their widget development platform , meaning that any developer will be able to use jQuery in the construction of widgets for Nokia phones .
Microsoft and Nokia are n’t looking to make any modifications to jQuery ( both in the form of code or licensing ) – they simply wish to promote its use as - is .
They ’ve recognized its position as the most popular JavaScript library and wish to see its growth and popularity continue to flourish .
In fact their developers will begin to help contribute back to the jQuery project by proposing patches , submitting test cases , and providing comprehensive testing against their runtimes .
As with any contribution that comes in to the jQuery project it ’ll be closely analyzed , reviewed , and accepted or rejected , based upon its merits , by the jQuery development team – no free ride will be given .
A significant level of testing will be added to the project in this respect .
The jQuery test suite is already integrated into the test suites of Mozilla and Opera and this move will see a significant level of extra testing being done on Internet Explorer and WebKit – above - and - beyond what is already done by the jQuery team .
The whole jQuery team is quite excited by these prospects and wishes to take this opportunity to welcome both companies to the jQuery community .
It ’s phenomenal to see these two , major , corporations take the large step of using jQuery as a base for their , and their developers , future development .
They will join a long list of happy jQuery users , including Google , Intel , IBM , Intuit , Reuters , and many others .
Update : Blogs posts by Scott Guthrie and Scott Hanselman , both at Microsoft , have posts on the subject matter from their perspective .
The Biofuel Industry Could be Revolutionized by…a Bug
August 15th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
The world of biofuels might just be changed forever by a bug that is found in nearly every compost heap .
Unlike traditionally used yeasts , the bug is very tolerant of tough plant matter .
That means it could help convert a variety of raw materials — including willow , forest waste , and wheat stalks — into fuel .
The bug , dubbed TM242 , is a Geobacillus bacterium that has been genetically altered so that it stops converting food into waste products besides ethanol .
It also has a boosted metabolism .
The company spearheading the compost bug project , UK - based TMO Renewables , has already built a trial plant to demonstrate the process .
According to the company , a plant fed into the TMO process could create 15 % more ethanol and reduce its energy consumption by 35 % to 50 % .
To the dismay of many people ( including myself ) , TMO ’s technology will initially be used in bioethanol production from corn .
However , they do plan to eventually use their process with so - called second - generation biofuels that are not created from foodstuffs .
More Posts on Biofuels :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The ease of working with Collections in Ruby is an attractive feature and one that often contributes to making prototyping in Ruby a pleasurable experience .
Jason Clinton shows you how .

In Ruby and other dynamic languages , “ Collection ” is an umbrella term for general - use lists and hashes .
The ease of working with these data structures is an attractive feature and one that often contributes to making prototyping in Ruby a pleasurable experience .
The implementation details of lists and hashes and their underlying mechanisms are mostly hidden from the programmer leaving him to focus on his work .
As you browse this section , keep in mind that underpinning everything you see here are traditional C - based implementations of lists and hashes ; Ruby is attempting to save you the trouble of working with C — but be sure , that trouble saving can come at performance cost .
Slicing an Array
This section has a lot of analogs to the earlier section “ String to Array and Back Again , ” in Chapter 1 , “ Converting Between Types . ”
You can slice an Array a number of ways :
[ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 4 ] # => 5 ( a Fixnum object ) [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 4,1 ] # = > [ 5 ] ( single element Array ) [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 4,2 ] # = > [ 5 , 6 ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ - 4,4 ] # = > [ 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 2..5 ] # = > [ 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ - 4.. - 1 ] # = > [ 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 2...5 ] # = > [ 3 , 4 , 5 ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ - 4 ... - 1 ] # = > [ 6 , 7 , 8 ] [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] [ 4..200 ] # => [ 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] ( no out of range error ! )
Array Ranges Positions ( Counting Starts at 0 , Negative Numbers Count Position from the End ) A[{start}..{end} ] {start} includes the element ; {end} includes the element A[ {start} ... { end} ] {start} includes the element ; {end} excludes the element A[ {start} , { count} ] {start} includes the element ; {count} positions from start to include
You might also like to select elements from the Array if certain criteria are met :
[ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 ] . select { |element| element % 2 == 0 } # = > [ 2 , 4 , 6 , 8 ] ( all the even elements )
By the Venezuela Information Office
On September 18 , 2008 Human Rights Watch released a report entitled " Venezuela : Rights Suffer Under Chávez . "
The report contains biases and inaccuracies , and wrongly purports that human rights guarantees are lacking or not properly enforced in Venezuela .
In addition , while criticising Venezuela 's human rights in the political context , it fails to mention the many significant advancements made by the government on other essential human rights , such as access to education , healthcare , nutritious food , clean water and housing .
MYTH : " Discrimination on political grounds has been a defining feature of the Chávez presidency . "
FACT : Human Rights
Watch deems the 2002 coup against the elected government " the most dramatic setback " for human rights in Venezuela in the last decade , but criticises President Chavez 's own public condemnations of the unconstitutional overthrow as examples of " political discrimination " against the opposition .
On the contrary , President Chávez last year pardoned political opponents who backed a failed 2002 coup against his democratically elected government .
" It 's a matter of turning the page , " Chávez said .
" We want there to be a strong ideological and political debate -- but in peace . " [ i ]
In this spirit , the government has often welcomed input from the opposition , for example , inviting the leaders of student protests to address the National Assembly .
MYTH : The Chávez administration has an " open disregard for the principle of separation of powers - specifically an independent judiciary . "
FACT : Human Rights
Watch wrote in an earlier report that " When President Chávez became president in 1999 , he inherited a judiciary that had been plagued for years by influence - peddling , political interference , and , above all , corruption ...
In terms of public credibility , the system was bankrupt . "
Under Chávez though , Human Rights
Watch admitted that access to justice in Venezuela was improved by the expansion of the court system . [ ii ]
Also , the World Bank found that " the [ judicial ] reform effort has made significant progress - the STJ [ Supreme Court ] is more modern and efficient . " [ iii ]
Testament to the strength of democratic institutions in Venezuela is the ability of the National Electoral Council to uphold decisions unfavorable to lawmakers , such as the " no " victory in the December 2007 referendum on constitutional reforms .
MYTH : " [ Chávez ] has significantly shifted the balance of the mass media in the government 's favor ... by stacking the deck against critical opposition outlets . "
FACT : As was true at the time of the 2002 coup against Chávez , Venezuela 's media is dominated by opposition voices .
The " anti- government " media mentioned by Human Rights Watch still maintains the largest share of the nation 's public airwaves , and their frequently extreme criticisms of the government have included calling for the overthrow of elected leaders ( as in 2002 ) .
There are no major pro-government newspapers in Venezuela .
The new government - funded television and radio outlets , such as TVes - Venezuela 's first public broadcaster - and TeleSur - a regional network with support from multiple countries - have a much smaller reach than the private outlets .
Furthermore , the government has never censored or " shut down " opposition media .
The private channel RCTV faced a non-renewal of its broadcast license due to persistent legal violations including inciting political violence , but the station easily made the switch to cable .
MYTH : The Chávez government " has sought to remake the country 's labor movement in ways that violate basic principles of freedom of association . "
FACT : The Chavez government has actively promoted the formation of labour unions and bargaining by organised labour , but has not co-opted this sector .
The National Workers ' Union ( UNT ) was founded in April 2003 by workers supportive of government policies .
In 2008 , the government responded to an ongoing labour dispute between steelworkers and the foreign - owned firm Sidor by intervening to negotiate a settlement , and when this was found to be impossible , the government reasserted state control over the Sidor plant in response to workers ' demands .
The steelworkers themselves were also allowed to purchase a share of the business themselves and thereby assert more control over the company .
MYTH : The Chávez government has pursued an " aggressively adversarial approach to local rights advocates and civil society organizations . "
FACT : The Chávez administration has encouraged local leaders to create community councils that let localities identify and address their own problems -- from garbage collection to school construction .
The concept comes from the belief that local groups know what is lacking and know what they want for their communities .
Community councils democratise local government and give people the funding and capacity to make decisions for themselves .
Also subject to local decision making are many of the social missions that are designed to help reduce poverty in the most marginalised areas of the country .
Health clinics , educational centres , subsidised food markets and other initiatives rely on local volunteers and are accountable to these communities .
CONCLUSION
The Human Rights Watch report " Venezuela : Rights Suffer Under Chávez , " provides an incomplete and biased account of Venezuela 's human rights record during the last decade .
It overstates the issue of political discrimination , accusing the Chávez government of targeting opponents , when in fact it has pardoned supporters of the coup and promoted open dialogue .
The report is also wrong on the separation of powers and the media .
The branches of government provide strong checks and balances , and institutions have improved since Chávez was first elected .
No censorship of the media occurs , and the opposition still dominates the airwaves .
In terms of civil society , labour organisations and community groups enjoy more support from this administration than ever before .
Venezuela has a strong record on human rights .
Many of the important guarantees set out in the 1999 Constitution have indeed been enforced , particularly those relating to the fundamental needs of citizens , such as food , shelter , healthcare , access to education , employment , social security and the right to participation in cultural life .
Human Rights
Watch details none of the impressive progress made in these areas .
For example , the UN Development Program has found that Venezuela has already achieved some of the Millennium Development Goals , and is on track to complete the others by 2015 .
Notably , the country has seen a 54 % drop in the number of households living in extreme poverty since 1998 , and its overall poverty has fallen by 34 % .[ iv ]
Facts such as these provide a much more complete picture of the human rights situation in Venezuela .
[ i ] " Chávez pardons accused coup backers " Ian James , Associated Press , December 31 , 2007 .
http://www.usatoday.com/news/topstories/2007-12-31-1482318110_x.htm
[ ii ] Human Rights Watch , " Rigging the Rule of Law : Judicial Independence Under Siege in Venezuela , " June 2004 , http://www.hrw.org/reports/2004/venezuela0604/
[ iii ] World Bank , Project Information Document , Report AB510 , December 9 , 2003 , http://www-wds.worldbank.org/servlet/WDS_IBank_Servlet?pcont=details&eid=000104615_20040226144554
[ iv ] Instituto Nacional de Estadística http://www.ine.gob.ve/pobreza/LIgrafico2sem.asp
The full Human Rights Watch report on Venezuela can be found here .
[ The Venezuela Information Office is dedicated to informing the American public about contemporary Venezuela , and receives its funding from the government of Venezuela}
Our friend Larry White at Division of Labor puts it succinctly :
On greed , let me repeat :
If unusually many airplanes crash during a given week , do you blame gravity ?
No .
Greed , like gravity , is a constant .
It ca n’t explain why the number of crashes is higher than usual .
And let me add :
This is n’t a morality play .
What we ’re seeing are the consequences of monetary - policy distortions of interest rates and regulatory distortions of incentives , amplified in some degree by private imprudence , not the consequences of blackheartedness .
And what all of this points out is that laying the finger of blame on " the free market " is utterly in error , but it 's an error that 's going to get made continually over the months and years to come .
If there 's one thing those of us on this side of the battle of ideas can do as this all unfolds , it 's to do whatever we can to remind people that the interventionist economy that caused the problems and led to privatized profits and socialized losses ( and the " solutions " that will further socialize losses ) are NOT " the free market . "
Asking why anyone would think bigger government will solve these problems when it was the major cause is another public service we can provide .
Even though I firmly believe that the fundamentals of the US economy remain strong and that this is not the start of another Great Depression , it is disconcerting to be apparently living through the start of a round of the Higgsian ratchet .
DENVER , Colorado ( CNN ) -- Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton likely will release her delegates to Sen. Barack Obama , a Democratic official said Sunday , the eve of the Democratic National Convention .
Sen .
Hillary Clinton will meet with her delegates on Wednesday before that night 's roll call , a spokesman says .
more photos »
Also Sunday , the Democratic Party decided delegates from Michigan and Florida -- states that had been penalized for moving their 2008 presidential primaries to January -- will get full voting rights at the event .
The moves answer some questions that lingered ahead of the convention , which starts Monday in Denver .
Clinton , who suspended her presidential campaign in June after Obama secured enough delegates to win the party 's nomination , will meet with her delegates at a reception in Denver on Wednesday afternoon -- before that evening 's delegate vote on the nominee , said a Democratic official who asked not to be named .
" [ The reception is ] an opportunity for Sen .
Clinton to see her delegates -- many for the first time since the primaries ended -- thank them for their hard work and support and most importantly , to encourage them to support and work for Sen .
Obama as strongly as she has , in order to elect him in November , " Clinton spokesman Philippe Reines said .
Because Clinton suspended her campaign instead of dropping out , she kept the pledged delegates she earned in the primaries and caucuses .
Earlier this month , Obama 's campaign said it agreed to put Clinton 's name in nomination at the convention " in recognition of the historic race she ran and the fact that she was the first woman to compete in all of our nation 's primary contests . "
Watch a preview of the convention
Clinton already has urged the 18 million people who voted for her in the primaries to get behind Obama .
Meanwhile , the Democratic National Committee unanimously voted to end sanctions against Florida and Michigan .
The party initially stripped Florida and Michigan of their delegates for holding presidential primaries earlier than the party had wanted .
However , in late May , the DNC 's rules and bylaws committee voted to reinstate the delegates but give them each a half - vote .
Sunday 's decision gives the delegates a full vote at the convention .
Ending the sanctions had been a goal of Clinton , who won Florida and Michigan in her unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Obama endorsed lifting the sanctions after Clinton 's withdrawal from the race .
Between Monday 's convention opening and Thursday night 's acceptance speech by Obama at Denver 's Invesco Field , delegates are expected to ratify his nomination and that of his vice presidential pick , Sen. Joseph Biden , another former primary rival .
Obama faces Republican Sen. John McCain in November in the contest for the presidency .
McCain 's campaign has poked at the old Obama - Clinton splits with a campaign ad claiming Clinton was passed over for the No. 2 spot because she was too honest about Obama 's perceived weaknesses .
" The truth hurt , and Obama did n't like it , " McCain 's ad says .
But Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois , an Obama supporter , told CBS ' " Face the Nation " on Sunday : " This campaign is not about Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton . "
" His campaign is about George Bush and four more years of George Bush under John McCain , " Jackson said .
" That message is going to echo clearly from this platform . "
A new CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll released Sunday night showed that Obama 's lead over McCain has evaporated .
Forty - seven percent of those questioned are backing Obama , with an equal amount supporting McCain .
Taken after Biden 's selection , the poll showed that the number of Clinton Democrats who said they would vote for McCain increased 11 points since June , enough to account for most of the support McCain gained .
Clinton fared better than Obama among working - class voters in many states during the primaries .
Obama on Sunday suggested the convention would help give those voters " a sense of who I am . "
Obama said he hopes voters will conclude that he is " sort of like us .
He [ Obama ] comes from a middle - class background .
He went to school on scholarships , he had to pay off student loans .
He and his wife had to worry about child care . "
" You 'll find out : ' He 's pretty much like us , ' " Obama told supporters about himself , while campaigning in Wisconsin on his way to Denver .
Obama hammered at McCain on the economy and on McCain 's perceived strong suit , national security .
Obama told supporters at a barbecue in Eau Claire , Wisconsin , " The Republican track record on national security has not been particularly good . "
" My job in this campaign is to explain that talking tough and acting dumb is not a way to keep you safe and secure , " he said .
" We need somebody who talks tough , who 's going to act smart and be tough .
That 's how we 're going to look after the safety of the American people . "
Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , viewed as a potential McCain running mate , said Obama 's decision to pick Biden -- the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee -- was an acknowledgment that Obama lacked to national security chops to be president .
" I do n't think he 's ready to be president .
And when you 're commander - in - chief , you should n't be having to select a mentor to help you with that role , " Pawlenty told CNN 's " Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer . "
CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Democratic Party • Hillary Clinton • Joseph Biden
Reported incidents of mortgage fraud in the United States jumped 42 % in the first quarter of 2008 from a year earlier , with Florida reporting the highest number of cases , according to industry data released Monday .
Florida properties accounted for nearly a quarter of all mortgage fraud incidents , the Mortgage Asset Research Institute said .
California ranked second , followed in a three - way tie by Illinois , Maryland and Michigan .
The report is based on data submitted by institute subscribers about loans that were originated in the first quarter and have since been classified as fraudulent .
Advertisement
The most common mortgage fraud cases included misrepresented income , employment history , debt and assets .
In Maryland , for example , an unusually high proportion of cases -- 69 % -- involved tax return and financial statement misrepresentation .
Mortgage fraud has represented about $ 1 billion in losses over the last decade , the Mortgage Bankers Assn. has said .
The increase in reported incidents comes as lenders raise credit standards in the face of rising foreclosures .
Critics charge the industry with being too lax in vetting risky borrowers during the boom , which fueled an overheated housing market .
But the stricter requirements have done little to curb fraud .
Advertisement
“ Tightening credit standards by itself does n’t eliminate fraud , ” said Merle Sharick , vice president and national manager of business development for the Mortgage Asset Research Institute , especially in markets that typically attract a lot of speculators such as Florida and California .
A team of London scientists have found clues for the potentially therapeutic benefits of nicotine on learning , memory and attention while minimising the risk of addiction .
The research announced in Geneva today will assist the search for new drugs for dementia .
The pharmaceutical industry has striven to discover nicotine - like substances for conditions such as Alzheimer ’s disease .
Nicotine itself is difficult to administer by conventional means .
The differences between doses that produce cognitive and toxic effects are small and , most significantly , there is also high risk of addiction .
The balance , however , between costs and benefits is much more favourable for people with serious illnesses such as dementia .
“ Nicotine , like many other drugs , has multiple effects some of which are harmful whereas others may be beneficial , ” said Professor Ian Stolerman from the Institute of Psychiatry , King ’s College London .
Previous research has revealed these cognitive effects in humans and in laboratory animals .
“ They are small effects and , ” he warned , “ for healthy people they do not outweigh the harmful effects . ”
Speaking at Europe ’s biggest neuroscience conference , Professor Stolerman explained that newer substances are based upon the chemical structure of the nicotine molecule .
Research in rats has shown a nicotine - induced improvement in sustained attention to visual stimuli .
The King ’s College team studied the underlying mechanisms that produced this change and have helped to identify the roles of nicotinic receptors – the proteins on cells that respond to nicotine - as well as the involvement of several chemicals in the brain , including dopamine , noradrenaline , glutamate and serotonin .
“ We found several similarities and only small differences between the cognitive mechanisms and those involved in the addictive effects of nicotine , ” said Professor Stolerman .
“ The cognitive ‘ boost ’ that many smokers experience from nicotine probably contributes to the reason people smoke cigarettes , so it may not be possible to totally prevent addiction .
Nevertheless , the potential for abuse of a medicine based on a pure nicotine - like substance is likely to be very small . ”
The new knowledge about mechanisms of nicotine action may speed the discovery of agents that are more effective as cognitive enhancers than nicotine itself , with longer - lasting effects .
“ This is a promising stage in the years of research that have endeavoured to separate the beneficial from the harmful effects of nicotine , ” Professor Stolerman concluded .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Parts of one of Scotland 's most influential religious and historic buildings have been uncovered for the first time in centuries .
Archaeologists have been digging at Scone Palace and believe they have found the walls of the lost abbey .
Despite the site 's significance , there is very little sign of the 12th century building above ground .
The team is also examining the Moot Hill - where kings , including Macbeth and Robert the Bruce , were crowned .
The first time the early monastery was referred to was in 906 AD when King Constantine II met the Bishop of St Andrews on the Moot Hill .
Scone developed from an early medieval royal settlement into a great 12th century Augustinian Abbey , before the palace was created in the years around 1600 .
' Extended pedigree ' Archaeologist Peter Yeoman said : " We worked here last year to look at the radar and did remote sensing across the whole area .
" From the plot we got from that we 've now laid out these trenches and are starting to investigate and find parts of the medieval abbey .
Pottery , oyster shells and an old coin have been found " We 've found a range of artefacts which tell us quite a lot about both the nature of the physical remains of the abbey church , but also the kinds of economic activities and food and so on that were being brought in here in fairly large quantities to keep the monastic house going . "
The team have unearthed skeletons , bits of pottery , oyster shells and an old coin .
Archaeologist Oliver O'Grady said : " One of the important things about the site is it has such an extended pedigree , an extended history and we 're also trying to understand the evocative Moot Hill .
" We 've put some trenches across what we think is a large buried ditch around the site in order to gather environmental information and dating evidence to answer some of the questions about whether this was a pictish centre , which then led on to become the inaugural site of the kings of Scotland . "
The trenches will be filled in at the end of this week and the artefacts taken away for a thorough examination .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
WASHINGTON ( IPS ) - New arguments by analysts close to Israeli thinking in favor of US strikes against Iran cite evidence of Iranian military weakness in relation to the US and Israel and even raise doubts that Iran is rushing to obtain such weapons at all .
The new arguments contradict Israel ’s official argument that it faces an “ existential threat ” from an Islamic extremist Iranian regime determined to get nuclear weapons .
They suggest that Israel , which already has as many as 200 nuclear weapons , views Iran from the position of the dominant power in the region rather than as the weaker state in the relationship .
The existence of a sharp imbalance of power in favor of Israel and the US is the main premise of a recent analysis by Patrick Clawson and Michael Eisenstadt of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( WINEP ) suggesting that a US attack on Iranian nuclear facilities is feasible .
Chuck Freilich , a senior fellow at Harvard University ’s Belfer Center on Science and International Affairs , has also urged war against Iran on such a power imbalance .
All three have close ties to the Israeli government .
WINEP has long promoted policies favored by Israel , and its founding director , Martin Indyk , was previously research director of the leading pro-Israel lobby , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
Freilich is a former Israeli deputy national security adviser .
These analysts , all of whom are pushing for a US , rather than an Israeli attack , argue that Iran ’s power to retaliate for a US attack on its nuclear facilities is quite limited .
Equally significant , they also emphasize that Iran is a rational actor that would have to count the high costs of retaliation .
That conclusion stands in sharp contrast to the official Israeli line that Iran cannot be deterred because of its alleged apocalyptic Islamic viewpoint on war with Israel .
Clawson summed up the argument for a US attack from Iranian weakness in an interview with the Israeli daily Haaretz last week .
“ My assessment , ” he said , “ is that contrary to the impression that has been formed , Iran ’s options for responding are limited and weak . ”
Freilich made a similar point in an article in The Jerusalem Post last week .
“ Instead of unwarranted , self - deterring risk aversion , ” he wrote , “ let us not forget who wields the incalculably greater ‘ stick ’ : Iran certainly will not . ”
A paper by Clawson and Eisenstadt published by WINEP earlier this month not only acknowledges but bases its argument for aggressive war on the fact that Israel holds a decisive edge over Iran militarily .
“ A nuclear - armed Iran could dangerously alter the strategic balance in the region , ” write the WINEP authors , “ handcuffing Israel ’s room to maneuver on the Palestinian and Lebanese front … ”
The WINEP co-authors thus highlight the degree to which Israel now has virtually complete freedom to use military force in the region as long as it does not attack Iran directly .
Israel ’s bombing and ground campaign against Hizballah in Lebanon in 2006 and its destruction of an unidentified target in Syria — an ally of Iran — last September , evidently to make the point that Israeli warplanes could also hit targets in Iran , demonstrate how Israel has been able to use airpower at will without fear of an Iranian military response .
Israel has been accustomed to such an extreme disparity in military power for decades .
Ray Close , who was CIA station chief in Saudi Arabia at the time , recalls that after the 1973 War , the Israeli Air Force frequently made very low - level runs over Saudi airbases in northern Saudi Arabia .
The Israeli warplanes would drop empty fuel tanks on the runways near Saudi fighter plains to remind the Saudis that they could have been just as easily dropping 500 - pound bombs on the Saudi planes , according to Close .
Clawson and Eisenstadt conclude that a military strike against Iran by the US could be successful , but they acknowledge that such a strike “ might cause Iran ’s leadership to conclude that the country needed nuclear weapons to deter and defend against the United States … ”
The authors contradict the official Israeli position that Iran is hell - bent on acquiring a nuclear weapon , observing that the Iranian nuclear program has not actually been pursued with the urgency that has been publicly attributed to it by Israel and the US .
They write that Iran “ has been engaged in less of a nuclear race than a nuclear saunter . ”
Contrary to the explicit anti-Israel objective attributed to the Iranian nuclear program by the Israeli government , moreover , they assess the motive of the Iranians as being “ the desire for prestige and influence ” — aspirations that could be fulfilled without having nuclear weapons , as other analysts have observed .
Clawson and Eisenstadt argue that Iranian threats of retaliation against a naval blockade should not be taken at face value , because Iran has demonstrated great caution in response to past attacks on its own population by foreign states .
They cite the US shoot - down of an Iranian passenger airliner in 1988 , when Iran threatened retaliation but agreed to a ceasefire with then Iraqi President Saddam Hussein out of fear of a US entry into the Iran - Iraq war .
The pro-Israel analysts further minimize the threat that Hizballah would unleash its thousands of rockets against cities in northern Israel , which has long been regarded by Israel as Iran ’s single most important deterrent to a US attack on its nuclear program .
In September 2006 , after the Israeli war in Lebanon , Freilich wrote that Hizballah ’s rocket arsenal had already “ lost much of its deterrent value . ”
The Israeli population , Freilich observed , had already borne the brunt of a Hizballah rocket attack and had been “ willing to pay the price . ”
Clawson and Eisenstadt suggest that the US could reduce the likelihood of Hizballah rocket attacks on Israel in retaliation for an attack on its nuclear sites by “ quietly indicating that , as in 2006 , it would support a tough Israeli response to Hizballah rocket attacks . ”
Clawson even contradicted the official Israeli and US line that Hizballah is simply a proxy of Iran , asserting in his interview with Haaretz that there is “ no guarantee ” Hizballah ’s leaders would “ react automatically ” to a US strike against Iran .
Instead , he suggested , they would act on their own interests “ as they understand them . ”
Hizballah is “ very aware of Israel ’s strength , and of the harsh reaction that may result if Hizballah attacks , ” Clawson said .
As for the Iranian threat to attack US naval targets or otherwise use its navy to stop shipping through the Strait of Hormuz , Clawson and Eisenstadt express confidence that “ the US response would almost certainly cripple or destroy Iran ’s navy . ”
They clearly imply that Iran would have to weigh its options for such retaliation against that loss .
Their argument that Iran is too militarily weak to mount a significant retaliation reflects expert opinion within Israel .
In a paper for the Institute for National Security Studies at Tel Aviv University last February , Ephraim Kam , widely regarded as the leading Israeli academic specialist on Iran , wrote , “ Iran ’s retaliatory capability against Israel is yet limited . ”
In basing the case for aggressive war against Iran on the weakness of the target state rather than the threat of its military power and aggressiveness , the pro-Israeli analysts are following a familiar pattern in dominant power policy - making toward war on weaker states .
The main argument made by advocates of US air attacks against North Vietnam within the US government in 1964 was that both North Vietnam and its socialist ally China were too weak to credibly threaten an aggressive military response .
Gareth Porter is an investigative historian and journalist specializing in US national security policy .
The paperback edition of his latest book , Perils of Dominance : Imbalance of Power and the Road to War in Vietnam , was published in 2006 .
Related Links
( or part of name )
OR
----------- state ------------
Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona American Samoa California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Federated States of Micronesia Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Marshall Islands Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Palau Island Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Virgin Islands Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming
More from Money Magazine Correcting your credit report gets easier
Cut your cooling costs by 30 % or more
After Obamacare 's launch , a look ahead
( Money Magazine ) --
In May , more than 20,000 spectators gathered under blue skies at Wesleyan University in Middletown , Conn. to hear Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama deliver the commencement address .
After recalling his days as a low - paid community organizer , Obama urged the graduates to consider careers in public service .
" I ask you to seek these opportunities when you leave here , " Obama declared .
" The future of this country - your future - depends on it . "
His message was received with enthusiastic applause .
Calls to " give back " always seem to resonate at elite schools like Wesleyan , a picture postcard of academic abundance on its 360 - acre wooded campus , complete with state - of - the - art film center , 7,500 - square - foot fitness facility , skating rink , 11 - building arts complex and a new $ 47 million student center offering everything from Mongolian grill entr�es to organically grown coffee .
As for actually entering a career in public service , Graduate , good luck with that .
Given the steep price tag for a Wesleyan degree ( $ 200,000 for four years ) and the substantial amount you may have borrowed to pay those bills ( $ 21,500 for the average student , with some families carrying loans of $ 50,000 or more ) , choosing a profession that often pays less than $ 30,000 a year might be , well , let 's just say a bit of a financial challenge .
For more than two decades , colleges and universities across the country have been jacking up tuition at a faster rate than costs have risen on any other major product or service - four times faster than the overall inflation rate and faster even than increases in the price of gasoline or health care ( see the chart to the right ) .
The result : After adjusting for financial aid , the amount families pay for college has skyrocketed 439 % since 1982 .
Granted , the fact that college costs are spiraling wildly out of control is not exactly a news flash .
The real eye - opener is why .
College finance experts point to a record number of applicants in recent years as the baby boomlet comes of age ( many of the more selective schools reported double - digit increases for 2008 ) ; that trend , coupled with growing demand for degrees ( undergraduate enrollment has jumped more than 20 % over the past decade ) , puts heavy upward pressure on prices .
Dwindling support for higher education from cash - strapped federal and state governments does n't help the situation .
Normal supply and demand can't begin to explain cost increases of this magnitude , though .
If the usual rules applied , tuition would eventually stop rising because families would cut back enrollment , especially at the most expensive private schools , just as they curtailed consumption of gas once prices hit $ 4 a gallon .
Colleges would then be forced to cut costs or entrepreneurs would flood the market with lower - cost alternatives .
But for the most part - all those invitations you see to get your degree online notwithstanding - that has n't happened .
Instead , prices for college have begun to follow their own peculiar logic .
In the absence of any objective measure of the value of an education , price becomes the default yardstick .
The more expensive a college is , the better the education it presumably provides .
( After all , if other families were willing to pay this much to send their kids here , it must be worth it . )
And the better the education is presumed to be , the higher the price the college can charge .
In that respect , it 's like home values during the housing boom or dotcom stocks during the late - '90s tech frenzy : Prices go up on sheer momentum .
But families do n't shell out money for college in the belief that their investment will someday bring them riches , as they did with real estate and tech stocks .
Rather , the perceived payoff is that going to a brand - name school will one day make their children richer .
Even if the financial value of a degree is hard to measure , however , one thing 's for sure :
It 's not infinite .
Already a backlash is brewing in Congress about the spending and pricing policies of the wealthiest schools , and some parents may soon join in .
Says Charles Miller , who chaired the U.S. Department of Education 's Commission on the Future of Higher Education : " If college costs continue to escalate at this rate , you may reach a point where the investment simply is n't worth it . "
The critical question for you to ask :
When it comes to college , will you and your child get what you think you 're paying for ?
Here are the facts .
You decide .
Send feedback to Money Magazine
A Russian general says the recently negotiated deal to allow the United States to place a missile interceptor base in Poland " cannot go unpunished . "
Gen . Anatoly Nogovitsyn , deputy chief of the Russian general staff , made the comment to reporters on Friday .
Nogovitsyn was quoted by the Interfax news agency as saying Poland was risking attack by agreeing to the deal .
" Poland , by deploying [ the system ] is exposing itself to a strike — 100 per cent , " he said .
It is the strongest language so far from Russian officials in reaction to plans to install a missile defence battery in a former Soviet satellite nation .
Poland and the U.S. reached the agreement Thursday to base American missile interceptors in Poland in exchange for augmenting Polish forces with U.S. Patriot missiles .
The agreement comes in the wake of increasing tensions involving Russia and its former satellite states .
Poland and other republics in eastern Europe have been unsettled by Russia 's recent military incursion into Georgia .
The White House said the system , which is not yet running , is needed to protect the U.S. and Europe from possible attacks by missile - armed " rogue states " like Iran .
But the Kremlin is convinced it is aimed at Russia 's missile force .
Referring to the " mutual commitment " part of the agreement , Poland 's Prime Minister Donald Tusk said that NATO would be too slow in coming to Poland 's defence if Poland were threatened , and that the bloc would take " days , weeks to start that machinery . "
The U.S. has also reached an agreement with the Czech Republic to place a radar component of the missile defence system in that country .
The deal still needs approval from the Czech parliament .
Information Warfare : Opinion - Spam August 17 , 2008
Posted by olvidadorio in Advertising Tags : georgia
This is the first time I ’ve seen something like this ; I received a spam - email ( in German ) that did n’t want to sell anything , it wanted to shape my opinion :
Ein kleines Mädchen spricht die Wahrheit über georgische Angriffe :
http://youtube.com/watch?v=H8XI2Chc6uQ
( You Tube manipuliert den Aufrufzähler und lässt dieses Video nicht populär werden ) 2000 Tote innerhalb von 2 Tagen durch georgischen Angriff – RIP
Für alle Kinder , Frauen , Männer die durch georgische Angriffe umgekommen sind starten wir diese Aktion .
Wir sind gegen Propaganda in deutschen Medien !
Wir sind keine Medien - Marionetten .
Wir wollten die WAHRHEIT !
Wir sind das Volk !
Verbreite diese Nachricht wie ein Lauffeuer !
( Emails , Blogs , Foren , ICQ )
Zusammen sind wir stark .
English summary : “ A small girl speaks the truth about the Georgian invasion ; Atrocities by Georgian military .
We are against propaganda in German media .
Spread this news like wildfire ! ”
I guess that someone who ’s strongly interested in promoting the Russian government ’s views just bought a list of email - addresses off some spam - base .
The fun thing is that I personally actually do n’t need to be convinced to view the Georgian version rather critically .
Incidents such as these however do underline the creepyness - factor of the Putin - controlled aparatus .
Has anyone had experience with this ?
Maybe it ’s connected to this Botnet - buildup ?
Propaganda party .
( NewsTarget ) Leading mental health researcher Gordon Parker says that psychiatrists are too quick to diagnose and treat people for depression .
Parker made his claims in an article in the British Medical Journal .
Criticizing the current diagnosis guidelines as overly broad , Parker says that the term has now become a " catch - all " for a variety of normal emotional conditions .
" Over the last 30 years , the formal definitions for defining clinical depression have expanded into territory of normal depression , and the real risk is that the milder , more common experiences risk being pathologized , " Parker writes .
A clinically depressed person feels so low that they are unable to carry out normal daily functions .
Parker is a professor at the University of New South Wales in Australia , and the director of the Black Dog Institute at Prince of Wales Hospital in Randwick , an institution that focuses on treating mood disorders .
In his article , he expresses concern that too many people are being prescribed medication for normal mood lows that have no biological basis .
In these cases , he says , drugs may be less effective and might even raise false hopes among patients .
Parker says that in a 15 - year study of 242 teachers that he conducted , more than 75 percent met the criteria for clinical depression .
One in four Australian women and one in six men are thought to suffer depression at some point in their lives .
In an article in the same issue , Professor Ian Hickie argues that increased diagnosis is a positive thing , and has led to fewer suicides and a lessened stigma on mental illness .
According to Marjorie Wallace , chief executive of the mental health charity SANE , " Depression can be a complex and challenging condition ranging from feeling low to being so disabled that the person may be unable to get out of bed in the morning , sustain relationships or work .
It is not surprising that with such a wide range of symptoms , identification varies from one doctor to another .
" According to SANE , it is safer to err on the side of over - diagnosing , in order to reduce suicide risk .
But the charity , not surprisingly , openly accepts donations from the very drug companies that profit from the over diagnosis of mental health disorders .
" There is no question , " said Mike Adams , the Health Ranger , " that the current trend of diagnosing nearly every human emotion , condition and experience as a disease requiring chemical treatment is little more than a marketing scheme intended to sell more drugs . "
WARSAW , Poland ( CNN ) --
The United States and Poland on Wednesday signed an agreement to base U.S. ballistic missile interceptors in Poland , a move that angered Russia .
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice .
Polish Foreign Minister Radek Sikorski and U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice signed the deal and hailed it as a breakthrough in international cooperation .
They said the missiles would be used only for defense .
" It will help both the [ NATO ] alliance and Poland and the United States respond to the coming threats , " Rice said .
" Missile defense , of course , is aimed at no one .
It is in our defense that we do this . "
Moscow says the missile - defense system is aimed at blunting Russia 's nuclear deterrent .
It has warned the deal could open Poland to attack .
Rice called Russia 's remarks " pathetic , " the same term used by NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer a day earlier to describe the threats .
She vowed that Poland 's NATO allies will come to its defense .
She said Wednesday that Russia 's aggression toward Europe has been going on for a while , with Georgia the latest example .
Russian troops remain inside Georgia -- after fighting that flared nearly two weeks ago -- despite a cease - fire agreement that included a pledge to withdraw .
Although it pushed for the missile system , Poland had made demands that had stalled negotiations .
The pace of the talks accelerated , however , after Russia invaded Georgia in the dispute over South Ossetia , a region that broke away from Georgia .
Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said the missile system strengthens the two countries ' strategic partnership and improves security .
The agreement will put a ground - based ballistic missile defense facility with 10 interceptor missiles in Poland close to the Russian border , according to the declaration .
The United States will begin deploying the Patriot air and missile defense system next year , with a garrison to support it by 2012 .
Explainer :
The basics of missile defense »
The countries will negotiate a separate agreement for the status of U.S. forces in Poland to support the system , the declaration says .
The United States will also provide training to Poland and provide real - time information about missiles tracked by a radar array in the Czech Republic .
Tusk said the Patriot battery and U.S. installation are a " practical and measurable element of this breakthrough " agreement .
" Missile defenses , including an interceptor base in Poland , provide a necessary and critical capability that can be used to defend both nations and other NATO allies from long - range missile threats " launched from the Middle East , the declaration says .
The system will be linked to other missile defense facilities in Europe and the United States , the declaration says .
Do n't Miss NATO , Russia in war of words over Georgia
NATO , Russia in war of words over Georgia Time : Why Poland is defying Russia
Time : Why Poland is defying Russia Special : Georgia crisis
Without referring to Russia , the declaration notes that the U.S. - Poland relationship is governed by the NATO charter " which provides that an armed attack against one NATO country shall be considered an armed attack against them all . "
Speaking of the cease - fire between Georgia and Moscow , Rice said that Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is not keeping his word and is ignoring international demands to get out of Georgia .
Russia 's intervention has strained Washington 's relations with Moscow , Rice said .
She said she does n't foresee any meetings of the G - 8 , in which Russia is a member , or NATO - Russia council anytime soon .
The United States will help Poland modernize its armed forces as part of the deal .
The two countries also agreed to deepen cooperation on political - military issues , information - sharing and defense technology research and development .
Polish President Lech Kaczynski said the deal is strategically necessary for Poland and for Europe
Are you a famous musician who desperately wants your music mashed up and re-presented to the public ?
It 's simple : just kick off a tabloid - baiting feud against another rapper or rockstar , and remixers will crawl out of the woodwork to put both of you into the same song as means of forcible reconciliation .
Witness OJayZis : Jay - Z vs. Oasis , a collection of mash - ups by three Spaniards who comprise the Cookin ' Soul collective .
The ten -song album capitalizes on the recent war of words between Jay - Z with Oasis .
It 's done well , although The Gray Album , which mashed Jay - Z's Black Album with The Beatles ' White Album , remains the gold standard to these ears .
Plus , these new Jay - Z / Oasis tracks are streaked with an annoying sample that stamps them as the work of Cookin ' Soul .
Here 's how we got here .
First , Noel Gallagher claimed Jay - Z should n't have been tapped to headline the rock - oriented Glastonbury Festival .
The rapper responded by mocking the band during his performance at that festival with an out - of - tune version of Oasis ' " Wonderwall " in which he mimed playing the guitar , followed that up with his hit song " 99 Problems . "
The Cookin ' Soul producers combined songs by both parties into tenindividual songs .
The entire thing is now available for download from Cookin ' Soul via 2 DopeBoyz ( .zip ) for free , with select songs available on MySpace as well .
Ironically , one song , " Supernova Hello , " includes with Jay - Z saying " I 'd like to thank everybody for your purchase . "
Meanwhile ,
" Wonderback " includes the memorable line , " Noel from Oasis said I could n't play guitar , Somebody should have told him I 'm a fucking rockstar . "
Idolator rightly pointed out that this project really should have been called The Bloke Album .
Jay - Z pointed out that he would n't mind working with Oasis .
Too late .
See Also :
Did Palin lie about ' trade missions ' with Russia ?
RAW STORY
Published : Saturday September 27 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a Thursday interview with Katie Couric , Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin cited " trade missions " with Russia as her one tangible piece of foreign policy experience .
What trade missions ?
Research does n't show a single Alaska - Russia trade mission since former Democratic governor Tony Knowles visited Siberia in 1997 , when Palin was running Wasilla , according to Salon.com .
When the reporter asked gubernatorial spokeswoman Kate Morgan about this issue , she refused to answer .
Morgan claimed she could n't legally discuss the matter because she is a state employee and the reporter had learned about the trade missions through the Couric interview , which stems from her bid for the Oval Office .
Spokespeople for the McCain / Palin campaign did not respond to requests for comment .
Palin has never visited Russia and had never traveled outside of North America until last year , the Associated Press reported .
The vice presidential candidate had never met a foreign leader until a trip to New York this week .
A press release details Palin 's meeting with a trade mission from the Yukon , but nothing about dealings with Russia .
The " pattern is familiar " to Andrew Sullivan of The Atlantic , who refers to Palin 's " odd lies . "
The following is an excerpt from Palin 's interview :
###
COURIC : Have you ever been involved with any negotiations , for example , with the Russians ?
PALIN : We have trade missions back and forth .
We -- we do -- it 's very important when you consider even national security issues with Russia as Putin rears his head and comes into the air space of the United States of America , where -- where do they go ?
It 's Alaska .
It 's just right over the border .
It is -- from Alaska that we send those out to make sure that an eye is being kept on this very powerful nation , Russia , because they are right there .
They are right next to -- to our state .
###
Sen .
John McCain told ABCs Charles Gibson that Palin has foreign policy experience because " Alaska is right next to Russia .
She understands that . "
Palin also falsely stated in the same interview with Couric that former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger supported her view that U.S. leaders should not talk to Iranian leaders without preconditions .
Couric called Kissinger after the interview to confirm he believes , as does Sen. Barack Obama , that the U.S. should talk to Iran without any preconditions , Examiner.com reported .
This video is from CBSNews.com , broadcast September 25 , 2008 .
Lydia Hearst Myla Lingerie Ads
, heiress to the Hearst publishing fortune , and daughter of Patty Hearst , caused quite a stir on the season finale of Gossip Girls , and now she 's at it again as the model for a steamy new ad campaign for Myla lingerie .
Lydia , a New York Post Page Six columnist , is the new face and body for Myla 's vintage - inspired fall and winter collection .
Looking every bit the 40's pinup girl , one has to wonder if boyfriend Matt Rains , a Black Hawk fighter pilot deployed to Iraq , keeps her pictures pinned to his barracks wall .
Check out more photos from the sexy lingerie ad campaign below .
Hi !
Just so you know , you can click on the $ up there to support XKCDB .
( This box will go away after you vote once . )
# 2278 ⇧ ( +151/-40 ) ⇩
< DaDemon > Me ?
I 'm not allowed on campus .
Restraining order and all that .
< reportingsjr > DaDemon , why do you have a restraining order on campus ...?
< DaDemon > reportingsjr : Long story that involved 3 other people and 5000 lab mice .
< reportingsjr > I have lots of time .
< reportingsjr > because that just sounds awesome :D
< redofrac >
Do tell .
< DaDemon >
Its kind of self explanatory .
< reportingsjr > explain !!
< DaDemon >
Anyway , the campus near me is pretty much one main building for most classes .
< DaDemon >
This one building got a new ventilation system a couple years back .
< DaDemon >
They also got a new lab wing .
< DaDemon >
The new vent system ran through every room .
< DaDemon >
I organize and acquire 5000 lab mice , and then I 'm in jail .
< DaDemon > Tada .
< Nadando > ... what happened with the lab mice ?
< DaDemon >
Most of them were lost in the furnace .
< DaDemon > :\
< reportingsjr > 0.0
< DaDemon > ... Eventually .
< Konraden >
Others are resting on white sandy beaches in the Keys , living in mice conds .
< Konraden >
Be creative .
< DaDemon >
They did about $ 50 k in damage .
< reportingsjr > oh man !
< reportingsjr > what kind of damage can they do ?
< DaDemon > reportingsjr :
Have you ever seen 5000 mice ?
Look at lemmings .
< Nadando > shit on stuff
< reportingsjr > I mean , I would n't think they would be in there for that long
< Eule > reportingsjr : chewing on things , pooping
< DaDemon >
They can also squeeze through an opening 1 / 4 the size of their body .
< DaDemon >
Which is exactly the side of the vent covers .
< reportingsjr > question : where do you / get / 5 k lab mice ?
< reportingsjr > and how in the HELL did you get them in the vents before being stopped ?
< DaDemon > reportingsjr : I paid 20 bucks to 5 different security guards at offsite laboratories .
< DaDemon > reportingsjr :
The roof vents .
< relsqui > DaDemon : I 'm more curious how you stored and transported five thousand mice
< DaDemon > relsqui :
With a big enough box , you can transport anything .
By Nga Pham
BBC News , southern Burma
Many survivors are still lacking assistance , particularly in remote areas
It has been three months since Cyclone Nargis struck Burma , leaving 130,000 people dead and hundreds of thousands homeless .
On a covert trip to the Irrawaddy Delta region , I found many of the survivors still in need , and the regime still suspicious of foreigners .
Recently , the government started letting aid workers in , but foreign tourists and journalists are still not allowed to visit the affected areas .
I had been warned by my Burmese colleagues that it would be very difficult to move around Burma , and I had to be aware of the many layers of security designed to keep a close eye on visiting foreign nationals .
My plan was to fly to Rangoon , then to hire someone who would be willing to accompany me to the Irrawaddy region .
I would be posing as a Burmese woman to avoid unnecessary attention .
It turned out to be more difficult than I thought .
I got a traditional Burmese dress , the longyi .
I was also prepared to smear myself with the sunscreen powder you see most Burmese women wearing on their faces .
But finding someone who would go with me was tricky , partly because I had to be careful not to put anyone in danger .
Many people were punished by the regime after the cyclone for helping foreign journalists , or simply because they were spotted travelling with journalists .
Via some contacts , I found a guide who agreed to go with me , on the condition that if he saw any sign of danger at all , we would immediately make our way back .
Temporary huts
We left Rangoon early in the morning .
We took the ferry cross the Yangon river , swollen , dark and muddy with monsoon rains .
Along the road down into the Irrawaddy region , houses had been repaired , trees had been cut and replanted , pagodas repainted .
Paddy fields were covered in the green of the new crop .
However , it was still possible to tell where the cyclone hit , from the pockets of temporary huts scattered across the region .
The cyclone struck at night , when we were sleeping - I saw houses collapsing around my house
Naing Win
Most of the huts I saw did not have proper roofs but were covered with plastic sheets provided by international agencies .
Some of the victims were sitting in the mud .
As it is the rainy season , it rains almost daily and vast areas are still flooded .
My guide told me that local people have been warned by the authorities not to speak to foreigners and it took us a while to find someone who agreed to have a chat .
Mr Naing
Win is a farmer whose family lost almost everything in the cyclone .
I found him living with his wife and two children in a small hut .
" The cyclone struck at night , when we were sleeping , " he said .
Crops are growing once more in paddy fields , but harvest is some way off " I saw houses collapsing around my house .
Then the rain started pouring down through the roof , which by that time was heavily damaged . "
He had nowhere to go , he said , so he simply held a child in each of his arms and stood inside what was left of the house until dawn broke .
" Now we stay in this hut with nothing inside , " said Mr Naing .
" The children cough all the time because it is so damp .
" I would like to have somewhere better , more solid for my family to stay .
But in order to build a proper house , we 'd need at least 300,000 kyat ( $ 300 ) and I do n't think we 'll ever have the money . "
' Not enough '
The government has closed refugee camps in an attempt to prove that everything has returned to normal .
The Paritta Monastery in Kyauktan , near Rangoon , used to host some 250 families .
Now , according to head monk U Pyinya Wanttha , they are all gone .
" About a month ago , the government came here and demanded that all the refugees go back to where they were from and they are now living in the temporary shelters that they 've built from bamboos and pieces of wood , " he told me .
He said the biggest problem now was to provide the victims with proper shelters , as nobody has any money left .
And of course they need food , he added , because it will be some time before the new harvest .
Kind people have been donating food , but it is clearly not enough
U Pyinya Wanttha
" Kind people have been donating instant noodles and dry foodstuffs which we transfer to the refugees , " said U Pyinya Wanttha .
" But it is clearly not enough . "
Survivors have complained that aid from the government has been scarce .
International charities warn that lack of food could affect millions .
Limited access to clean water and unhygienic living conditions are other concerns .
Thu Ya , a local businessman who runs a private relief campaign in the Irrawaddy Delta , said the victims urgently needed help - particularly those in remote areas .
It is monsoon season and they are at risk contracting dangerous illnesses such as malaria , diarrhoea and lung diseases .
Military checkpoints
The United Nations has urged the Burmese government to assure continued access to remote communities , particularly for international non-governmental organisation partners .
International agencies like Save the Children are worried that since the spotlight seems to have turned away from Burma , it will be impossible to get sufficient funding
On the way into Irrawaddy region , I saw a number of premises emblazoned with agencies ' names , such as Save the Children and Care , but did not see any foreign staff inside .
What I did see , in the space of three hours , were six or seven military checkpoints .
We had to beat a hasty retreat when my guide spotted a large military checkpoint ahead of us , where he said we would be stopped and searched .
A recent joint assessment by Asean , the UN and the Burmese government estimates that a further $ 1bn is needed for relief and reconstruction work in the country after Cyclone Nargis .
But international agencies like Save the Children are worried that since the spotlight seems to have turned away from Burma , it will be impossible to get sufficient funding .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
In certain situations you have to accept people at their words , but we are all aware that people are not always what they say ....
Bob Chapman | September 27 , 2008
Slick Willie Clinton did more to tear down our military than any other President in recent history , and now we all know why , in spades .
When you are the President tasked by the Illuminati with setting them up to make mega- profits through their military - industrial complex and illicit drug trade , via planned wars in Afghanistan , Iraq and Iran , and the initiation of a phony , so - called " War on Terror , " the first thing you do is downsize the US military mightily so that all the fighting and support can be privatized , thus paving the way for mercenaries and contractors to do the same work as our soldiers at ten times the cost .
You suck the taxpayers dry by using their dime to set up a gargantuan opium trade in the world 's premier poppy zone known as Afghanistan , complete with a new independent Kosovo as an illicit drug distribution center , run by Islamic militant thugs , while simultaneously setting up the big oil companies to divvy up some of the world 's largest , high - quality , low - cost oil in Iraq ( and probably also in Iran , which the ongoing debacles in Afghanistan and Iraq have prevented them from doing thus far ) .
Then you throw in no -bid contracts with outrageous profits and allow theft on a grand scale by fully paying for non-performance of those contracts , and by skimming off hundreds of billions via outright theft , graft and embezzlement , all to be accomplished by your next Puppet President and his Puppet Administration , in this case , the corrupt Caligula and his Nero - like cohorts who were charged with burning Rome to the ground .
Not to be outdone by their brothers in the military and industrial complex , the big bankers and financiers of the Illuminati have , during that same period , profited from the dot.com bubble and real estate bubble , not to mention the quadrillion dollar derivatives casino , that were set up through the repeal of Glass - Steagall by the Gramm Leach Blilely Act in 1999 , followed by the deregulation of what was to become the gargantuan OTC derivatives market by the Commodity Futures Modernization Act in 2000 .
Both of these legislative gifts to the Illuminati were given by , you guessed it , Slick Willie Clinton , while he was a lame - duck President .
Why do you think the Clintons have become mega-millionaires since the Slickster left office .
All the profits from books , speaking engagements and well - paid employment by corporate conglomerates of the Illuminati are the payback / reward money for the fine job he did setting up the mega - rip - off of taxpayers via the military - industrial complex and big banking .
The Illuminati are masters at creating profits from OPM ( other people 's money , especially taxpayer money . )
Now those same big bankers and financiers , after victimizing the world 's financial markets with fraudulent real estate derivatives that will create multiple trillions worth of losses after dumping hundreds of billions in profits from fees , commission and spreads into their filthy pockets , want to pass the losses suffered through their implementation of that scheme , which has back - fired on them , with what we described in our last issue as the most abusive and piggish fascist scheme we have ever heard proposed .
The Paulson Plan , so - called , is nothing less than the initiation of a scheme to complete the creation of a corporatist , fascist , police state , as a lead - up to world government .
This is why the Illuminati have financed and supported corporatist - fascist , communist , Marxist and other dictatorial governments throughout the world , and is why people like the evil maniacs who have been running Zimbabwe , Cuba , North Korea , North Vietnam , Afghanistan , Pakistan and Venezuela , not to mention the corrupt sheiks of the OPEC nations like Saudi Arabia , Iraq , Iran , and Libya , and their corrupt , dictatorial governments , have been able to remain in power .
Russia would have been included in that list while the likes of Lenin , Stalin , Khrushchev , etc. and the Russian oligarchs were in power , and China has also received a lot of support from the US , including the betrayal of nationalist Chiang Kai- Shek in favor of communist / Marxist Mao Tse - Tung by Illuminist Harry Truman , and the implementation of free trade , globalization , off - shoring , outsourcing and both legal and illegal immigration which scum - bags , GHWB and the Slickster , stuffed down our throats .
That way , the key nations of the world will all be on roughly the same socio-political page when the attempt to implement world government and an Orwellian world police state is finally made by the Illuminati through their propaganda front at the United Nations .
All these nations , which are rabidly hostile toward the US , are used by the Illuminati to stir up the trouble pot .
" Double , double , toil and trouble , fire burn , and caldron bubble , " here come conflicts to fuel the military - industrial complex and acts of terror to scare once freedom - loving people into giving up their Constitutional rights .
You might have been wondering why all these big banks like JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America are buying up and absorbing toxic waste dumps like Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , Countrywide and Washington Mutual , seemingly without fear that their toxic waste might poison them and put them under .
Wonder no longer , because all the Illuminist scum running these big banks were told in advance that the Paulson Plan would be slam - dunked down the throats of our Congress by the peerless Caligula Administration .
All that toxic waste , they were told months in advance , would not affect them , because the Illuminist operatives in our government were going to pawn it off on the dopey sheople , who would be sold down the river by their traitorous , so - called representatives in our government .
The Paulson Plan will start with $ 700 billion , and end up being $ 7 trillion ( plus ) as they extend the bailout to include not only real estate derivatives but credit default swaps and interest rate swaps as well .
The average family of four gets a stimulus check for $ 1,200 from their government , and then they pay out 8 times that much back to their government , almost $ 10,000 , just for the opening volley on the Paulson Plan as initially proposed , not to mention the Fannie and Freddie bailout , which will also cost roughly the same , just for openers .
Twelve hundred for you , ten thousand for them .
That is the Illuminist way , and it will create a hyperinflationary recession and a Very Large Depression that will make the 1930's look like a cake - walk , while simultaneously removing any remaining pretense of free and open markets .
The Illuminist reprobates and sociopaths want to make you reap what they have sown .
Rules and concepts of fairness are now whatever the Illuminati say they are as the quest for moral hazard replaces the quest for liberty and freedom .
But not so fast .
Could it be that a group of conservative GOP politicians from our House of Representatives have discovered their backbones and do n't particularly want the fascist Paulson Plan , or are they just trying to put on a show for the sheople ?
Are they really concerned about the future of America , or are they merely attempting to make it look like there has been due deliberation , and consideration of some alternate plans to the Paulson Plan , to prevent voters from getting the impression that they have been fraudulently railroaded by their corrupt representatives under threats to their jobs , homes and pension plans ?
If these GOP patriots stick to their guns , they will become folk heroes .
Otherwise , they will be recognized as pusillanimous , puss - sucking , political opportunists , and will get vaporized by voters in November .
Note also how the stock markets are being moved up and down and all around , with the volatility being a message to Congress that things will go well for their reelections as long as they do as they are told .
The plan of the aforementioned conservative republicans may be to get voter credit for rejecting the corrupt Paulson Plan , which can be passed anyway without them by the remaining Republicans , along with the Democrats , who have suddenly become Bushites to save their political skins .
If you wanted proof that there is not a dime 's bit of difference between Jackasses and Dumbos , here it is , " in yo ' face ! "
Obviously , the Jackasses and Dumbos in favor of the Paulson Plan do n't want to get all the credit for what they all know will be an unmitigated disaster , so it should be interesting to see what they end up doing .
The conservative GOP plan puts the burden from losses generated by real estate derivative fraud on the pirates of Wall Street instead of on taxpayers , and rightly so .
They have called on the government to insure the toxic waste , with premiums for insurance to be paid by the Wall Street fraudsters , not by the sheople .
The idea is to make what are now unmarketable securities marketable again by insuring them with the full faith and credit of the US , which now has about as much weight as the full faith and credit of a Banana Republic .
But of course the hope is that the full faith and credit of the US will not yet be perceived that way .
What should happen here is that the toxic waste should be categorized according to rates of return , risk based on default and foreclosure experience , and the degree of impairment of collateral through reduced real estate values for homes covered in any particular derivative .
The fraudsters should start by selling the best stuff first , which should be easier to value , to break the logjam in the derivative markets .
They can net fund the government insurance premiums from the sales proceeds .
They can then put the sales proceeds from the good stuff into payment of government insurance premiums for the not - so - good stuff as they continue their ominous cascade of de-leveraging .
Values on faltering real estate derivatives should rise up as the once toxic waste gets the full backing of the US government , thus minimizing losses due to the lack of marketability and liquidity .
The real crap should be saved for last and be written off without insurance for the tax benefits which will help them keep future profits from what will hopefully be more legitimate operations .
Even with this help , we note that some financial institutions have so much toxic waste that they will still go under , especially when the quadrillion dollar Derivative Death - Star detonates , which is inevitable .
If there is a failure , the insolvent institution can then choose to shore up what will be their horrifying net worth situation by getting a private equity injection , and if that does n't work , and the amount of losses are not at impossible levels , they can choose between bankruptcy and a government bailout where the government gets super - priority bonds , ahead of all other interests , in return for the bailout money , but the amount would not be unlimited and the pool of bailout money available would have to be kept at reasonable levels to protect the dollar .
Those with impossibly high losses would have to go bankrupt .
Also , aid to foreign banks stung by the Illuminist flimflam fraud should be given consideration to restore confidence in our government and our system .
That would be a fair way to handle this situation .
Nevertheless , even this plan would still be inflationary as our profligate money and credit system became unclogged and as some bailout money was created out of thin air to save the borderline institutions .
But such a plan would be far less inflationary than the Paulson Plan , which would require money to be created out of thin air in quantities that would break the dollar 's back and start the mass exodus from treasuries that will bury and destroy the United States of America .
In addition , we believe such a plan would only buy time and at best save a few borderline financial institutions that might otherwise have failed .
The intertwining of counterparty risk on a quadrillion dollar derivative problem is going to take the whole system down in the end .
Then we will have to start from scratch , which is fine by us .
The House conservatives ' plan also offers temporary tax relief to free up capital for companies to lend to one another , temporarily suspends the payment of dividends by financial institutions , requires participating firms to disclose to the Treasury Department the value of mortgage assets on their books , private bids received for those assets in the past year and their last audit reports , forbids the now nationalized former GSE entities Fannie and Freddie from issuing securities on unsound mortgages , and requires the SEC to investigate the performance of credit - rating agencies .
Bravo , if they succeed .
Let 's now take a look at the new financial landscape in the aftermath of the initial carnage of the derivative debacle and credit - crunch .
We are left with the Fed as overseer of the Big Four .
Who are The Big Four ?
First , there is JP Morgan Chase , which bagged and tagged Bear Stearns with help from the Fed and Treasury and which just rescued Washington Mutual , preventing the FDIC from being wiped out in by far the biggest bank failure in US history .
Next is Bank of America , which went bonzai for toxic waste dumps Merrill Lynch and Countrywide in buyouts that are certain to come back to haunt them .
Rounding out the pack are Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , who just became bank holding companies , abandoning their investment bank status for the stability of a commercial bank , but with far less leverage .
You can rest assured that Goldie and Morgan will now dump their toxic waste on the Fed through the Term Securities Lending Facilities and will borrow from the Fed like fiends under the other plans of taxpayer largesse provided courtesy of the Fed .
These four are now the too - big - to - fail Illuminist flagships which will continue to bilk the sheople out of their hard - earned money and assets ad nauseam while the Fed continues to lead the pack .
Also note how the Fed has been given more regulatory power just by virtue of the failures and mergers .
They now have control over what used to be all the major investment banks , or their remnants , that were once outside of the Fed 's jurisdiction .
Our traitors in Congress will probably give the Fed even more power to prevent future financial fraud , even though the Fed is the biggest perpetrator of financial fraud in the history of mankind .
Yes indeed , the fox will be given charge over the henhouse .
Note that Goldman was in such bad shape that Warren Buffet 's Berkshire Hathaway had to rescue Goldie with a 5 billion equity injection in preferred stock with another 5 billion in warrants for common stock at a favorable price , while Sumitomo and Mitsui Financial pony'd up a goodly chunk more .
Morgan Stanley fared little better , and had to get an 8.4 billion equity injection from Mitsubishi Financial .
Note how Morgan Stanley 's talks with Wachovia broke down , probably because Morgan was scared to death over Wachovia 's toxic balance sheets , and the same goes for Citigroup and Wells Fargo , who we did not hear a peep from as mergers were discussed , because they , like Wachovia , are about to become crispy critters as they explode and go down in flames like the Hindenberg as their fraudulent balance sheets detonate .
Fannie and Freddie are now of course nationalized , and Lehman has been fed to the piranhas .
Drawing first blood on Lehman is Barclays , which acquired Lehman 's North American Operations , and Nomura Holdings , which acquired Lehman 's European and Middle East Operations .
Then there is AIG , which has been placed in a state of suspended animation with a government guaranteed Fed loan of 85 billion , as they try to figure out what to do with it because of the trillions in counterparty risk .
Citigroup , Wachovia and Wells Fargo are likely to join AIG on the suspended animation list as fodder for all the surplus dollar holders who will need a place to dump the cash from their coming fire - sale of treasuries which they will soon unload in order to prevent being hyper - inflated into oblivion .
They will either go bankrupt or be eaten alive by the hungry piranhas who will wait until they smell the blood that is about to flow anew in the streets , to mix with the copious amounts of other blood that is already flowing in those streets .
You had best buy gold and silver quickly to protect yourself from the coming catastrophe .
While the ancient Jews had lamb 's blood to put on their door posts to protect them from the Destroyer , you will have to settle for gold and silver .
We also note that God is still available as well , and we suggest you call on His services for the ultimate in bailout protection .
Orders for U.S. - made durable goods sank in August , falling 4.5 % on weaker demand for a broad range of goods , the Commerce Department reported Thursday .
Excluding the 8.9 % decrease in transportation goods , orders fell 3.0 % , the sharpest drop in nineteen months .
The decrease exceeded the expected 2.0 % fall forecast by economists surveyed by MarketWatch .
It was the largest drop in total orders since January .
Dozens of Arizona communities , counties , school districts and other government entities could lose nearly $ 40 million combined as a result of the collapse of Wall Street investment bank Lehman Brothers .
Pima County alone is looking at a potential 45.2 million loss , Tempe could be down $ 3.5 million and the small communities of Maricopa and Goodyear each could see $ 1.4 million in savings from home - building boom days disappear if all the funds they have invested in Lehman ’s are wiped out by the firm ’s bankruptcy proceedings .
In addition to local governments , investors in this fund include non-profits , school districts , irrigation districts , universities , airports and insurance groups .
Premiums for job - based health insurance are up 5 % in 2008 and have more than doubled since 1999 ; a growth rate that far outpaces inflation and the increase in workers ’ wages over the same period , according to an annual survey of employers released Wednesday .
Meanwhile , a growing number of workers at smaller firms are getting less coverage for their money as health plans with high deductibles and fewer benefits become more prevalent .
The portion of workers with single coverage who pay a deductible of at least $ 1,000 has jumped to 18 % from 10 % in the past two years .
Among smaller firms with three to 199 employees , the rate has more than doubled to 35 % from 16 % .
On average , workers now pay $ 3,354 , about 27 % , toward the $ 12,680 annual cost for family coverage , according to the survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust .
Within hours of revealing his dramatic , confidence - boosting investment in Goldman Sachs yesterday , Warren Buffett had made a $ 783 million notional profit .
$ 10 billion in fresh capital - $ 5 billion from Berkshire Hathaway , Mr. Buffett ’s main listed company , and $ 5 billion through a public share offering .
In a separate public offering , Goldman raised $ 5 billion through the issue of new shares at $ 123 a share .
Freddie Mac , the mortgage company , reported Thursday that 30 - year fixed - rate mortgages averaged 6.32 % this week , a sharp increase from 6.09 % last week .
It was the highest level for 30 - year mortgages since they averaged 6.33 % for the week of Oct. 25th .
Amid uncertainty about the plan ’s prospects , US money market funds controlling thousands of billions of dollars in assets led a stampede to safety , buying short - term government debt , selling commercial paper and withdrawing funds from the interbank market .
As a result , the rates that banks charge each other soared , while yields on Treasury bills plunged .
Being good at interviews is an important life skill which will help you get good jobs and convince police officers that the dead hooker came with the car when you bought it .
But messing up in an interview is always an inevitability , like another terrible Sonic game .
Here is a selection of workplace tales from our professional forum goons from both sides of the desk , giving examples of times when they got the urge to lean over and yell Donald Trump 's famous catchphrase , " You 're Not Hired " .
Stoatbringer
" Why do you want this job ? "
Because I have bills to pay and need money , you moron !
surprisedmango
I once applied for a job at Guess , some faggy clothing store .
The manager gave me a phone interview .
She dialled a number , gave me the phone and for 5 minutes I answered questions like :
" If you mistakenly took an item home from work worth more than $ 1 , would you return it ? "
" What if the item was valued between 1 and 3 dollars ? "
Thank goodness I did n't get hired .
GoldVRod
This is from the other side .
I was interviewing young folks for a low - end researcher job on a UK TV game show and we were in the tech room as it was the only quiet place there .
Most folks came in with a fairly eager attitude - hey it 's a TV job , but one guy clearly did n't want the job , or even want to be there .
So I ran through the usual shit as quick as possible and then I ultimately asked him that tired old ' let 's wrap this up and you can fuck off ' question " Is there anything you want to ask us ? "
He paused , got up and turned around and forcefully kicked a large piece of technology quite hard saying " Yeah , what the fuck is that ugly thing ?
Hur ! " .
It was the touch - tone box that I 'd been personally working on for two + years and it was the hardware that made the entire show fucking work .
It was quite a dumb thing to do during a job interview I 'd say .
I wonder if that fucker is still kicking shit during interviews .
Joker23
I had an interview years ago with this little gem in the middle :
" Yellow is over here .
Blue is over here .
Where are you ? "
" I 'm sorry , could you rephrase the question ? "
" Sure .
If yellow is over here , and blue is over here , where are you ? "
" Blue 's my favorite color , so I guess I 'm over there . "
I got the job .
Since then I 've asked people what the question meant .
Some suggested that blue is depression and yellow is bright and happy and sunshiney .
Others suggested that it was a pointless question to see how I 'd react .
In the same interview I was asked if I could kill a man .
I thought for a moment and then said " Yes . "
Got the job , never killed a man .
Did kill a couple raccoons , a deer , a cat , a possum , and probably a couple other animals that thought jumping in front of a cop car at 3:00 am was a good idea .
do what now
I assist in hiring for my family 's company 's call center .
We had a truly horrendous manager a few years back , and he set interview appointments with anybody who called them , regardless of their employment background , criminal history , and status as a wandering vagrant .
Then he would pawn the interview off on me .
Memorable stupid questions :
" Can you give me rides to work ?
No ?
Can you guys pay for taxi rides then ? " -
For the record , we are 2 blocks from bus stops and the subway .
" Since you do n't have on site daycare , can my toddlers just hang in the breakroom each day ? "
And my personal favorite :
" Am I still able to get unemployment if I start working here ? "
I did n't even get to finish that interview - when he found out that unemployment benefits were only available if you were unemployed , he got up and left .
I do n't think he realized that unemployment benefits run out eventually .
Obama plot was n't credible threat , police say Associated Press
Published : Tuesday August 26 , 2008
Print This Email This Authorities are investigating whether a man arrested with rifles , ammunition and drugs in his truck made statements threatening Barack Obama , but emphasize he never posed a " credible threat " to the candidate or the Democratic National Convention .
Federal and local authorities had scheduled a news conference for Tuesday afternoon , but U.S. Attorney Troy Eid downplayed the case .
" We 're absolutely confident there is no credible threat to the candidate , the Democratic National Convention , or the people of Colorado , " Eid said in a statement .
FBI spokeswoman Kathy Wright confirmed the FBI was investigating reports the man had threatened Obama , who will be in Denver this week to accept the Democratic nomination for president .
The Joint Information Center - a command set up by city , state and federal authorities to field media inquiries during the Democratic convention - said it had no immediate comment .
( AP ) Aurora Police Department Detective , Marcus Dudley , speaks to the media during a press conference at ...
Full Image
The action started around 1:30 a.m. Sunday when police in the eastern suburb of Aurora stopped a truck that was swerving erratically .
The driver , 28 - year - old Tharin Gartrell , had a suspended driver 's license , and the truck was rented in the name of another person , said Aurora police Detective Marcus Dudley .
In the truck , officers found two rifles , including one with a scope ; a bulletproof vest ; boxes of ammunition ; walkie - talkies ; and suspected narcotics , Dudley said .
Aurora police , on edge because of heightened security surrounding the Democratic convention in Denver , alerted federal authorities .
Three hours later , at 4:30 a.m. Sunday , federal agents arrested Nathan Johnson , 32 , at a hotel in Denver .
He was being held on drug charges , Dudley said .
A half - hour after that , 33 - year - old Shawn Robert Adolf jumped from a sixth - story window when authorities tried to arrest him at a hotel in suburban Glendale , police said .
Adolf was hospitalized and was being held on $ 1 million bond for several outstanding warrants involving drug charges .
Dudley did n't say what tied the men together but said more arrests were possible .
One of the rifles was stolen , and authorities had traced it to Kansas , Dudley said .
It was n't known if the three men had attorneys , Dudley said .
Dudley said Gartrell was being investigated for methamphetamine and firearms violations .
Gartrell , who has no known address , was being held at the Arapahoe County jail on $ 50,000 bail on drug and weapons charges .
The jail said he was due in court Thursday .
By Dave Lindorff
I got an urgent email from an uncle of mine yesterday evening .
A sweet man , retired career military and very religious , he was genuinely worried about an email he had received purporting to convey an article said to have been written by New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd and published on June 29 , 2008 alleging that much of the Obama campaign's " small donations " over the Internet had actually come from several Arab sources overseas .
Now I could see before reading two paragraphs of the alleged column he forwarded to me that it was not Dowd 's acerbic and witty writing style , but I can not expect most people who do n't even read Dowd to know that .
Two minutes at the computer , however , and I was easily able to confirm , as anyone could do , that Dowd had never written the article .
A search of the New York Times archive showed she had written on a wholly different topic -- Hillary Clinton -- on that day , and moreover , the non-partisan truth - checking website Snopes.com had a full documented debunking of the scam .
Why this particular campaign dirty trick -- and with Karl Rove in the back seat of the McCain campaign bus I have no doubt that it originated in the bowels of that campaign , which has not disavowed it -- works , and why the many other vile efforts , like the latest shameful official McCain TV ad claiming that Obama backs " sex education for kindergartners , " work is that many otherwise decent Americans like my uncle first of all are primed to believe such crap by a deep - seated prejudice against people of color , and secondly that the corporate media which are supposed to be informing us are afraid to call out a mainstream political candidate for lying and deceiving the public .
Some , like Fox , actually promote these falsehoods .
Look at the news today .
Instead of exposing the blatant campaign of character assassination by the McCain / Palin campaign , it is focused on the bogus ( and frivolous ) claim by the McCain campaign that Obama has called Palin a " pig with lipstick " !
( What did Obama really do ?
He said that the McCain / Palin ticket 's attempt to portray itself as an anti-pork , anti-Washington , reform campaign is like putting lipstick on a pig - - a common expression used by McCain himself . )
The issue becomes not " Is the McCain campaign charge true ? " but rather " Should Obama have to apologize to Palin ? "
What 's depressing about this is how well the McCain campaign 's swim in the sewer is working .
A nice kid I know who works at our local garage told me that he could n't vote for Obama , despite liking his policies , " because he 'll take his oath of office on the Koran . "
Aside from the anti-Muslim bias inherent in this statement , it is based upon false information being spread virally through the internet falsely claiming , on the basis of no evidence , that Obama is a secret Muslim and that he took his Senate oath of office on a Koran .
People on the left may wish that Obama were a more overtly progressive and more expressly anti-war candidate .
I certainly do .
But let 's get real here for a minute .
With the black - baiting that is going on by the other side , and the gullible and terribly uninformed or even misinformed electorate out there , and with a national media that will simply repeat and spread whatever bilious and false charges are made by the McCain campaign , what chance on earth would a candidate like Obama have if he were to call for an immediate withdrawal from Iraq , or for a government - run medical insurance program ?
Those who call angrily for such unambiguous positions by Obama are deluding themselves .
I really have to laugh .
He'd be labeled a traitor and a communist , and you know what ?
Absent a real analysis and absent critical reporting by the mainstream media , 90 percent of the American public would unthinkingly buy that false and ludicrous characterization .
I used to have a higher opinion of my fellow Americans , who had a reputation for common sense .
I used to believe that if a candidate told them that it made no sense to put insurance companies in charge of their health care and that people were much healthier and less anxious about their health and their lives , and spent less on health care in countries like Canada or Sweden or Germany or France where their health care was guaranteed by the state , if a candidate told them that half the money being spent on the US military was a waste and did nothing to make the nation safer , if a candidate told them that human life on this planet was in grave danger if nothing was done to seriously reduce carbon emissions by half or even more , that they would listen and vote accordingly .
I used to think that if only Ralph Nader could shoehorn his way into the national debates , a wave of popular support would sweep him into the White House .
( And let 's be honest here .
We on the left are not immune from this poison of ignorance .
I cannot tell you how many otherwise intelligent people on the left keep writing me to say that the entire foreign policy of the United States is being secretly run by " Israel and the Zionists . " )
I no longer hold that high opinion .
Sure , if this nation were educating people to think critically -- which is not being done -- if we had a media that had a core ethos of getting at the truth and making it known -- which we do n't -- I would have that confidence .
But I think it is clear that we have traveled so far down the road of creating an ignorant and fearful electorate that any candidate making such bold claims would be doomed to either a devastating loss , or to minor party status .
Nader , for example , whose ancestry is Lebanese Christian , were he to begin to rise in the polls to become a serious candidate , would certainly be portrayed as a Muslim Manchurian candidate , and it would n't matter what he said or stood for after that .
I do n't know what this dismal state of affairs means in terms of the future direction of American politics , but it does n't bode well for the future of third parties , or for the Democratic Party , or for the country , or for the fate of the world .
Standard shipping is free for all orders and will be processed by the United States Postal Services ( USPS ) in the United States and Canada Post in Canada .
30 - day money back guarantee
Feel free to open and try out every product you receive , without commitment .
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with a Time Life product , simply return it within 30 days .
We will gladly refund or credit the product purchase price to your original form of payment .
Your U.F.C. Questions Answered
Last Friday , we solicited your questions for U.F.C. fighter Brock Lesnar .
The next day he won his fight against Heath Herring — and mocked him when he was down .
According to Sports Illustrated ‘s Ben Fowlkes , a “ pro wrestling - style heel ” like Lesnar “ is exactly what the Ultimate Fighting Championship ’s heavyweight division needs right now .
…
Thanks to Lesnar , watching the U.F.C. ’s heavyweights is suddenly fun again . ”
In his answers below , Lesnar reveals what he thinks of most U.F.C. fighters :
Many of them are well - educated , well - spoken , respectful guys that are looking to make a decent living .
Also , why a “ no - rules ” U.F.C. would n’t provide the proper incentives :
The fighters need to live to fight another day ; otherwise , you would n’t see the top guys in the world compete with each other .
The risk would far outweigh the reward .
Before he answers reader questions , Lesnar has a question for all of you :
Who would you like to see me fight next ?
Thanks to Lesnar for his answers and all of you for the good questions .
Feel free to answer Lesnar ’s question , or leave a comment , below .
Q : What kind of non-critical pain actually bothers you ?
Papercuts ?
Headaches ?
Biting the inside of your cheek ?
A : I had a root canal a couple of months ago that was pretty annoying !
Q : I know this is a stupid question , but how does it feel to have an action figure based on yourself ?
A : It ’s cool .
It ’s always interesting to see how it will turn out and whether it actually looks like me .
I do n’t collect toys or novelties though , so I do n’t have any around the house .
Q : Have you ever read Freakonomics ?
A : No . I do n’t have the Internet , so I ’ve never read the blog .
Q : I just watched you fight Heath .
It seemed that you had many opportunities to go for the rear naked choke and other moves .
Does the training fade away in the middle of a fight ?
A : No .
We developed a game plan .
The plan was to control Heath , not give up position , dominate , and win .
I stuck to the game plan .
I won .
It ’s that simple .
Q : What is the prevalence of steroids in M.M.A. and the U.F.C. in particular ?
A : Outside of what you can already find out on your own , I really do n’t know .
I mean , the shows are tested and the results are made public .
A vast majority of the time the guys are clean , but occasionally they ’re not .
I can tell you that the testing is real and , at least in the U.F.C. , the fighters can be tested at any time .
Q : Are there any legal M.M.A. techniques or moves that fighters wo n’t use because they are considered unfair ?
A : No .
If it ’s legal , it ’s fair !
Q : Are n’t you worried about getting an infectious disease when you get blood on you ?
Would you support a rule that would stop a fight after first blood ?
A : No , as long as there is appropriate medical testing before the fight , I am not concerned .
I would not support a rule that a fight should be stopped at first blood , because I know how easy it is for somebody to bleed before the fight reaches a conclusion .
That said , fighters need to make sure that they are only fighting against and training with people who can provide current medicals , or they put themselves at risk .
Q : Watching the Ultimate Fighter series definitely gives U.F.C fans an inside view of how childish many of the young fighters are .
I call them punks .
In your experience with the U.F.C. , what percentage of the fighters still have this “ punk ” mentality ?
A : There are always a couple of rotten apples in the bunch .
Almost all of the fighters I have had contact with who reach the U.F.C. level really seem to have their acts together ; many of them are well - educated , well - spoken , respectful guys that are looking to make a decent living .
Q : Brock , do you believe that old maxim that “ women weaken legs ? ”
And what is the oddest thing you ’ve ever done to train for a fight ?
A : No . Women do n’t weaken legs .
That ’s just a myth .
I do n’t know if I ’ve ever really done anything “ odd ” in preparing for a fight .
I pretty much stick to the basics and train smart .
Occasionally , when we ’re running stairs , I ’ll do a set carrying one of my coaches on my back , but that ’s about as odd as it gets around here .
Q : Inside the ring , are you ever bothered with doubts about possibly losing the match or personal injury ?
Likewise , do you ever worry about permanently damaging an opponent ?
A : The second you have doubts about losing or getting hurt , one of the two is bound to happen .
As for permanently damaging an opponent : it ’s not something I worry about because my opponent and I accept that risk long before we ever step into the octagon .
Q : The W.W.E. is well known to be rife with backstage politics ; does the unscripted nature of the U.F.C. eliminate that aspect , or does it still exist ?
A : Where there ’s money , there ’s politics !
I do my best to stay out of it all .
Q : If the U.F.C. becomes too structured , do you think that perhaps a new “ There are no rules ! ” league will start up to return to the basics ?
A : No .
It is n’t necessary .
The rules that exist are there for a reason .
The fighters need to live to fight another day ; otherwise , you would n’t see the top guys in the world compete with each other .
The risk would far outweigh the reward .
Q : Through your sport we can vicariously participate in physical risk .
Would your sport be popular in high - risk , war - torn countries .
A : That ’s a tough question , but I think M.M.A are popular everywhere .
A lot of emotions are released when you watch M.M.A. and I think people feel refreshed after watching a show .
It draws something out of people .
Q : If someone fights dirty , are they likely to quickly be branded as a dirty fighter and have people fight back dirty ?
A : There is really no such thing as fighting dirty .
People are going to do what it takes to win .
If they break the rules , they will be penalized ; otherwise , everything is fair game .
Q : Why do U.F.C. fighters seem to have better sportsmanship ( i.e. , hugging each other after a fight ) while other televised fighters ( W. W.E. ) have little or no sportsmanship and turn the fight into a soap opera ?
A : Because U.F.C. fighters are really fighting and professional wrestlers are entertaining .
After you fight somebody , in most cases there is a certain mutual respect .
Q : Gov. Jesse Ventura recently stated during an interview on The Howard Stern Show that he felt M.M.A. fighters were “ working stiff , ” or that the match outcomes are already decided but there is no “ script ” to be followed by the athletes .
As a former professional wrestler , do you believe his comments have any merit whatsoever , or do they stem from an unfamiliarity with M.M.A.?
A : I think Jesse was unfamiliar with the sport when he made those comments and probably has a different view after sitting ring - side at U.F.C. 87 last Saturday .
It ’s one thing to see it on the TV , but it ’s a completely different experience when you are there live .
Q : Who would you consider fighting even if there was no money on the line ?
A : Would I fight somebody if there was no money on the line ?
Absolutely not .
Q : What advice might you give a young man , perhaps your son if you ’re a family man , who is thinking of entering the sport ?
A : Get your education first !
Q : What goes through a professional M.M.A. fighter ’s mind when he loses a fight , particularly after he takes a brutal beating ?
A : Losing sucks .
I hate to lose .
You put in months of hard work training specifically to win a fight and then you fail .
But everybody loses in this sport .
It ’s how you pick yourself up after the loss that makes the difference .
Q : Who are your sporting idols ?
A : As an amateur wrestler , I was always a fan of John Smith and Kenny Monday .
This might surprise people , but growing up , I also looked up to Michael Jordan .
Not that I wanted to be the best basketball player in the world , but I think everyone my age wanted to “ be like Mike ” at one point or another — to be the best at whatever they choose to .
Q : Do you have a violent temper , and did you experience violence at a young age ( either dishing it out or taking it ) ?
A : I think fighting is a basic instinct .
You have to fight just to survive .
Getting in the octagon gives you a chance to find out what you ’re made of .
I ’m competitive and I like to test myself .
I did n’t experience violence in my childhood and do n’t have a violent temper .
In fact , I think guys that have violent tempers are actually at a disadvantage in a fight , because they lose their wits .
You ca n’t go out and go crazy .
Q : What do you plan to do after your fighting career ?
A : Good Question .
I take it one day at a time .
I could n’t tell you what I ’m going to do tomorrow !
One thing is for sure : after my fighting career is over , I ’ll definitely be spending plenty of time with my family .
Q : How significant is your wrestling background in your success ?
A : It ’s a huge factor .
There is no substitute for twenty years of wrestling .
It ’s the foundation .
You ca n’t teach wrestling overnight .
Q : What would you do if your were president ?
A : Where do I start ?
Q : Do you consider ultimate fighting significantly more or less dangerous than W.W.E. wrestling ?
A : They are equally dangerous .
You are putting yourself at risk every time you step into the octagon or a pro wrestling ring .
With fighting — beyond the obvious risks associated with an actual fight — no matter how careful you are , there is a possibility of injury every time you train .
One advantage with fighting is that you can take some time off to let injuries heal up and , generally , you ’re not traveling excessively .
In pro wrestling , being on the road and taking bumps in the ring almost every night takes a real toll on the body .
Q : What type of injury are U.F.C. fighters most concerned about ?
Same question for W.W.E. wrestlers .
A : I think all professional athletes are most concerned about suffering a career - ending injury regardless of the specific type .
Otherwise , it really depends .
For example , when you ’re training for a fight there are a number of specific concerns : you have to protect your hands from injury and you want to avoid any kinds of cuts on the face , etc .
Q : Athletes across all sports often say winning is mental as well as physical .
How do you mentally prepare yourself for a new opponent ?
A : I do my homework .
I gather information on my opponent and watch fight footage with my trainers .
We put together a training camp based on the strengths and weaknesses of my opponent and develop a game plan .
Every day , in addition to my physical training , I take time to meditate and visualize the way the fight will play out .
Q : Are there any gay U.F.C. fighters ?
A : I do n’t know .
Q : How do you respond to critics who say that you have not “ paid your dues , ” in that the only reason your fights have been televised twice is because of your name and not necessarily your skill ?
A : A lot of people lose sight of the bottom line : this is a business .
It ’s about making dollars by selling tickets , Pay - Per - Views , and merchandise .
It ’s up to the promoter to decide what is televised .
I just train hard , then get in the octagon and fight .
In regard to the “ You have n’t paid your dues ” stuff : sure , I came into this sport with a name , but I did n’t just build my name and my reputation in pro wrestling .
I also came in with twenty years of amateur wrestling experience .
Mr. Browne said the sessions next week were meant to reinforce training the officers have had , rather than provide additional instruction in the use of the Taser .
Currently , 525 members of the Emergency Service Unit and sergeants throughout the department carry a Taser gun on their holsters .
Mr. Kelly has so far balked at distributing the Tasers more widely .
The guns are designed to incapacitate their target with a pulsating electrical current .
Chief Molloy , 47 , who lives in Queens with his wife and two daughters , has had a wide range of experience since joining the department in 1982 .
He has served in about a dozen precincts , detective bureaus and narcotics squads .
In recent years , he has responded to some of the city ’s most serious emergencies , including the deadly Staten Island ferry crash in 2003 and the explosion of a steam pipe in Midtown in 2007 .
He also helped direct special operations when the baseball player Cory Lidle crashed a small airplane into an East Side apartment building , and coordinated operations with federal and state agencies at the Republican National Convention , the department said .
Over the summer , Chief Molloy was on hand when climbers scaled The New York Times building .
About 35 officers were needed to cordon off sidewalks and retrieve the climbers from the top of the building .
Officers strained to communicate with the climbers and battled with strong winds as they coordinated the rescue efforts .
Chief Molloy said at the time that such incidents prompted a major response and diverted needed resources from regular patrols .
In addition to earning a master ’s degree in public administration from Marist College , Chief Molloy graduated from the F.B.I. Academy .
The Emergency Service Unit had been without a permanent commander for several months , Mr. Browne said .
The former permanent commander , Inspector James Dean , has been on sick leave .
When he returns he will become the executive officer of the department ’s Special Operations Division .
WASHINGTON --
In a vote that shook the government , Wall Street and markets around the world , the House today defeated a $ 700 billion emergency rescue for the nation 's financial system , leaving both parties ' lawmakers and the Bush administration scrambling to pick up the pieces .
Dismayed investors sent the Dow Jones industrials plunging nearly 800 points , the most ever for a single day .
" We need to put something back together that works , " a grim - faced Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said after he and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke joined in an emergency strategy session at the White House .
On Capitol Hill , Democratic leaders said the House would reconvene Thursday , leaving open the possibility that it could salvage a reworked version .
All sides agreed the effort to bolster beleaguered financial markets , potentially the biggest government intervention since the Great Depression , could not be abandoned .
But in a remarkable display this morning , a majority of House members slapped aside the best version their leaders and the administration had been able to come up with , bucking presidential speeches , pleading visits from Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and urgent warnings that the economy could nosedive without the legislation .
In the face of thousands of phone calls and e-mails fiercely opposing the measure , many lawmakers were not willing to take the political risk of voting for it just five weeks before the elections .
The bill went down , 228-205 .
The House Web site was overwhelmed as millions of people sought information about the measure through the day .
The legislation the administration promoted would have allowed the government to buy bad mortgages and other sour assets held by troubled banks and other financial institutions .
Getting those debts off their books should bolster those companies ' balance sheets , making them more inclined to lend and ease one of the biggest choke points in a national credit crisis .
If the plan worked , the thinking went , it would help lift a major weight off the national economy , which is already sputtering .
Hoping to pick up enough GOP votes for the next try , Republicans floated several ideas .
One would double the $ 100,000 ceiling on federal deposit insurance .
Another would end rules that require companies to devalue assets on their books to reflect the price they could get in the market .
In the meantime , Paulson said he would work with other regulators " to use all the tools available to protect our financial system and our economy . "
" Our tool kit is substantial but insufficient , " he said , indicating the government intended to continue piecemeal fixes while pressing Congress for broader action .
Stocks started plummeting on Wall Street even before today 's vote was over , as traders watched the rescue measure going down on television .
Meanwhile , lawmakers were watching them back .
As a digital screen in the House chamber recorded a cascade of " no " votes against the bailout , Democratic Rep. Joe Crowley of New York shouted news of the falling Dow Jones industrials .
" Six hundred points ! " he yelled , jabbing his thumb downward .
The final stock carnage was 777 points , far surpassing the 684 - point drop on the first trading day after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks .
In percentage terms , the dropoff was still far below that of Oct. 19 , 1987 , when the Dow shed 22.6 percent in a single session .
But it was dramatic enough that it left many shaken , both on Capitol Hill and off .
In the House , " no " votes came from both the Democratic and Republican sides of the aisle .
More than two - thirds of Republicans and 40 percent of Democrats opposed the bill .
Several Democrats in close election fights waited until the last moment , then went against the bill as it became clear the vast majority of Republicans were opposing it .
Thirteen of the 19 most vulnerable Republicans and Democrats in an Associated Press analysis voted against the bill despite the pleas from President Bush and their party leaders to pass it .
In all , 65 Republicans joined 140 Democrats in voting " yes , " while 133 Republicans and 95 Democrats voted " no . "
The overriding question was what to do next .
" The legislation may have failed ; the crisis is still with us , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , in a news conference after the defeat .
" What happened today cannot stand . "
Republican leader John Boehner , R - Ohio , said he and other Republicans were pained to vote for such measure , but he agreed that in light of the potential consequences for the economy and all Americans , " I think that we need to renew our efforts to find a solution that Congress can support . "
Sen. Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , said there was scant time to reopen legislation that was the product of hard - fought bipartisan negotiations .
" What happened today was not a failure of a bill , it was a failure of will , " said Dodd , the Banking Committee chairman .
" Our hope is that cooler heads will prevail , people will think about what they did today and recognize that this is not just scare tactics -- it 's reality . "
A brutal round of partisan finger - pointing followed the vote .
Republicans blamed Pelosi 's scathing speech near the close of the debate -- which assailed Bush 's economic policies and a " right - wing ideology of anything goes , no supervision , no discipline , no regulation " of financial markets -- for the defeat .
It was not much different from her usual tough words against the president and his party .
" We could have gotten there today had it not been for the partisan speech that the speaker gave on the floor of the House , " Boehner said .
Rep. Roy Blunt , R - Mo. , the whip , estimated that Pelosi 's speech changed the minds of a dozen Republicans who might otherwise have supported the plan .
That amounted to an appalling accusation by Republicans against Republicans , said Rep. Barney Frank , D - Mass . , chairman of the Financial Services Committee : " Because somebody hurt their feelings , they decide to punish the country . "
More than a repudiation of Democrats , Frank said , Republicans ' refusal to vote for the bailout was a rejection of their own president .
The two men campaigning to replace Bush watched the situation closely -- from afar -- and demanded action .
In Iowa , Republican John McCain said his rival Barack Obama and congressional Democrats " infused unnecessary partisanship into the process .
Now is not the time to fix the blame ; it 's time to fix the problem . "
Obama said , " Democrats , Republicans , step up to the plate , get it done . "
Lawmakers were under extraordinary pressure from powerful outside groups , which gave notice they considered the legislation a " key vote " -- one they would consider when rating members of Congress .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce said opponents of the bailout would pay for their stance .
" Make no mistake : When the aftermath of congressional inaction becomes clear , Americans will not tolerate those who stood by and let the calamity happen , " said R. Bruce Josten , the Chamber 's top lobbyist , in a letter to members .
The conservative Club for Growth made a similar threat to supporters of the bailout .
" We 're all worried about losing our jobs , " Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wis. , declared in an impassioned speech in support of the bill before the vote .
" Most of us say , ' I want this thing to pass , but I want you to vote for it -- not me . ' "
" We 're in this moment , and if we fail to do the right thing , Heaven help us , " he said .
If Congress does n't come around on a bailout , more pressure would fall on the Federal Reserve .
The Fed , which has been providing billions in short - term loans to squeezed banks to help them overcome credit stresses , could keep expanding those loans to encourage lending .
And , it could keep working with other central banks to inject billions into financial markets overseas .
It also has the power to expand emergency lending to other types of companies and even to individuals if they are unable to secure adequate credit .
-- The Associated Press
Israeli security forces have taken up positions around the driver 's home Israel 's vice premier has said the home district of the Palestinian who carried out Wednesday 's bulldozer attack should be cut off from the rest of Jerusalem .
Haim Ramon said residents of Sur Bahir in east Jerusalem should also be stripped of their Israeli ID cards .
Mr Ramon proposed changing the route of the barrier which separates Jerusalem from the West Bank .
About a third of Jerusalem 's population is Palestinian , living in an area occupied by Israel in the 1967 war .
Mr Ramon said he disagreed with those who argued that demolishing the home of the bulldozer attacker would help prevent future attacks , but he said the house should be demolished regardless , if it was legally possible .
The barrier has already cut off several neighbourhoods housing tens of thousands of Palestinian holders of Israeli Jerusalem IDs .
He said the Jabal al - Mukabir area , home of a Palestinian who killed eight Jewish students in March , should be given the same treatment .
Acting alone Sur Bahir resident Hussam Dwayat went on the rampage in west Jerusalem on Wednesday after he drove a front - loader vehicle from the building site where he worked into the street and started mowing down cars and ramming buses .
He killed three people and wounded dozens more before security personnel climbed on the vehicle and killed him .
Three Palestinian militant groups claimed responsibility for the attack although the Israeli authorities say they believed Dwayat acted alone and was not a member of any group .
Correspondents said Dwayat 's home in east Jerusalem showed no sign of the crowds and banners that normally accompany the funerals of Palestinian militants .
Palestinian civil rights activist Hassib Nashashibi said Dwayat had received a heavy fine and demolition order from the Israeli authorities for carrying out illegal building work , which may have provided a motivation .
Other reports say the the father - of - two - a devout Muslim married to a Palestinian woman - may have been seeking revenge for experiences in the past including a failed love affair with a Jewish Israeli woman and a spell in prison .
" Everyone is in shock , " said a family friend .
Baby thrown clear Medics said he killed two women and a man and injured more than 45 people as he drove about 200 m along the busy Jaffa Road , one of west Jerusalem 's main thoroughfares .
The attack took place in a busy area with a large ultra-Orthodox community
The baby of one of the dead women survived and was found under the seat of an overturned bus .
Another woman threw her baby out of her car window when she saw the 20 - tonne construction vehicle bearing down on her .
She was injured but her baby was unharmed .
Correspondents say the attack has put extra strain on the uneasy coexistence between the city 's Jews and their Arab neighbours , many of whom work in the construction industry .
The Palestinian Authority condemned the attack , but the Hamas group , which controls the Gaza Strip said it was a " natural reaction to the aggression and crimes " of the Israeli occupation .
" Those who refuse to condemn this act of terror are exposing themselves for what they really are - namely the enemies of fundamental human values , " said Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev .
Apart from a gun attack in March , Jerusalem has seen relatively little violence in the last three years .
Since the start of 2008 , across Israel and the occupied territories , 29 Israelis have been killed in violence linked to the conflict as have more than 400 Palestinians .
1 . Palestinian man driving a bulldozer begins his rampage down Jaffa Road in West Jerusalem , hitting several vehicles .
2. Travelling towards the Mahane Yehuda market , he rams a passenger bus several times before it overturns .
3 . The bulldozer is eventually brought to a halt after the driver is shot following a struggle in the cab .
At least three people are killed and dozens injured , some of them seriously .
Return to top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Matthew Bryant and Melissa Bryant Grieve Death of Infant Son
Tampa Bay Buccaneer placekickerand his wifeare grieving the loss of their three month old son , who was discovered to be unresponsive in his crib on Wednesday morning .
The infant , born on June 16 , was the younger of two sons born to Matt and Melissa .
Son
Tre turned two on Monday .
Hillsborough Sheriff 's deputies responded to an emergency call from the Bryant residence and arrived on the scene at 7:30 a.m. Wednesday morning .
According to law enforcement spokeswoman , Debbie Carter , the baby 's mother was in the process of waking Melissa 's four school age children when she discovered that the baby was n't breathing .
A cause of death has not been released .
A funeral service was held on Saturday for the baby .
The Bucs organization , unable to send the entire team , sent several members to attend and support their teammate .
A representative said " we 're going to do the best we can to lend as much love and support as we can to the Bryant family .
At the same time , when he gets back we 'll open our arms to him and try to help him through this as best we can as a team . "
The General Manager of the Buccaneers , Bruce Allen , released the following statement by the team : " The entire Buccaneer family is deeply saddened by the tragedy .
The Bryant 's have been an inspiration to our entire community through their commitment to their family and exhaustive efforts working with children and those in need in the Bay area . "
Matt Bryant was named the 2007 Tampa Bay Buccaneers Man of the Year .
He was also a finalist for 2007 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year .
The Bryant family released a family photo that was taken two weeks ago ( see below ) as well as the following statement : " Tryson enriched our lives for the short time that he was with us and we will never forget his smile .
We know that Tryson 's death has deeply touched the community and we appreciate the love and support from our Buccaneer fans . "
Eminent Technology 's Multimedia Speaker Test
This page was awarded a LookSmart Editor 's Choice Symbol of Excellence
These test are provided to help you make sure that your multimedia speakers are set up and performing correctly .
Information is provided about each tone to help you understand what it should do .
We suggest that you read these notes .
First we have to provide you with the usual warnings about damage to your multimedia speaker .
A few of the test tones provided here could be inaudible but damage your multimedia speakers IF you turn the volume control up .
However for all of the test included here , no damage will result if you leave the volume control at its normal listening position .
( Owners of the Eminent Technology LFT - 11 do not have to worry about damage )
250 Hz Sine wave test tone -
This test tone is a sine wave which has no harmonic content .
It should sound like it comes from the center of the monitor if you balance control is set correctly .
The frequency or pitch is close to middle " C " on the piano , actually a little flat , and it should sound clean .
If you hear buzzing or other sounds besides a single tone make sure that your mixer and all volume controls are set correctly .
500 Hz Left Sine wave test tone -
This test tone is one octave higher or twice as high as the above test .
Again it should sound clean and pure with absolutely no distortion or buzzing .
It should only appear to come from the LEFT speaker and nothing should come from the right speaker .
IF the sound comes from the right speaker then your speakers are attached incorrectly and the cables should be moved at you amplifier .
Move the wire from the left speaker to the opposite speaker output plug or connector on your amplifier and move the wire from the right speaker to the remaining plug on your amplifier .
500 Hz Right Sine wave test tone -
As above , this test tone should appear to come from the Right speaker and nothing should come from the left speaker .
Pink Noise Monaural - Pink noise is a form of noise that theoretically contains all frequencies .
It should sound somewhat like rain on a rooftop .
Pink noise is defined as having equal energy per octave and it is an important signal for loudspeaker testing if you have speaker measurement equipment .
In this example , if your speakers are in phase , the sound should appear to come from the middle of the monitor .
Pink Noise with Reversed Polarity -
This is the same sound as above , but recorded with its polarity reversed .
Here the sound should appear to come from the left and right speakers individually , or beyond the outside boundaries of the speakers .
If it sounds like this noise is coming from the center of your monitor then your speakers are wired incorrectly .
To correct this problem you will need to switch the positive and negative wires at there terminals on ONE speaker only and it would not matter which one you change .
30 Hz Tone -
This is a very low frequency tone .
The majority of multimedia speakers will not play this frequency .
Although this is not the lowest frequency found in music or multimedia it is a stringent test for a multimedia woofer .
If you turn up the volume on this test , you might hear distortion before you hear the test signal .
If your multimedia speaker can play this then you are in the big leagues .
50 Hz Tone -
This is also a very low frequency test tone .
If your system will not play the 30 Hz tone above it might reproduce this tone that is a little higher in frequency .
The same rules apply as above .
A good multimedia system should reproduce this signal cleanly and without any distortion or buzzing .
This tone is also a little easier for the human ear to detect and recognize as sound .
100 Hz Tone -
This tone can serve two purposes .
First if your multimedia speaker has very limited low frequency response and it failed to play the lower frequency test tones above , then try this one .
Second , if you are using more than one multimedia system in a surround sound application , or a subwoofer with a multimedia system , then you want both systems to be in phase with each other .
You want all of the speakers to move in the same direction at the same time .
If you switch the phase of one speaker system while playing this tone , the loudness of the tone will change .
When the two systems are out of phase , you will hear much less sound output at this frequency and when the two systems are in phase this tone will be loud .
( Changing the phase means reversing the wires of one set of speakers , left and right , relative to the other .
You can do this at the amplifier output terminals , or at the speaker input terminals by connecting the positive wire of the amplifier to the negative wire of the speaker teminal along with the negative wires at each into the remaining positive terminals .
DO NOT do this with the amplifier turned on as it could be damaged . )
1000 Hz test Tone -
This test frequency is also a sine wave .
For testing purposes sine waves are used because they are difficult to reproduce accurately and any audible harmonics are a form of distortion in your playback system .
This frequency is sometimes used as an test tone for radio stations or TV stations .
10,000 Hz test Tone - again this is a sine wave but at a very high frequency .
Subjectively , this is difficult to describe because it is a very high pitch and you will probably barely be able to hear it even if your ears are good .
Most multimedia speakers will play this tone .
This is generally not perceived as a musical note .
Posted on September 10 , 2008 in Quotes
“ The strongest message can be sent by rejecting the two - party system .
This can be accomplished by voting for one of the nonestablishment , principled candidates . ”
— Ron Paul today at the National Press Club , urging voters to vote for third - party candidates
Enjoy what you see ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also :
Here comes Ron Paul ’s call to reject , Ron Paul not backing McCain , Ron Paul urges voters to back third party candidates , Ron Paul : Do You Even Think About Americans ? , and Ron Paul to call on Americans to look at third parties .
[ tags ] ron paul , politics , election , 2008 , third parties , barack obama , john mccain , political parties , endorsements , republicans , democrats , independents , libertarians [ / tags ]
I ’ve just got round to watching the Seed Salon discussion between novelist Tom Wolfe and neuropsychologist Michael Gazzaniga where they debate free will , criminal responsibility and the similarities in the creative processes of writers and scientists .
Wolfe is best known as the author of ‘ The Electric Kool - Aid Acid Test ’ and ‘ The Bonfire of the Vanities ’ , but wrote a highly influential 1996 article for Forbes magazine titled ‘ Sorry , But Your Soul Just Died ’ .
The piece is worth re-reading now because its a look ahead to the forthcoming neuroscience revolution written 12 years ago , when the ‘ Decade of the Brain ’ initiative was only just past the half way point .
It ’s revealing because it describes a society still quite resistant to what we consider relatively banal in 2008 – the fact that there may be neurobiological or genetic factors to behavioural differences .
It also fortells our concerns over widespread use of methylphenidate ( Ritalin ) in children and the interest in a psychology of happiness , but does have a curious paragraph about the ‘ IQ Cap ’ which could apparently predict IQ to within half a standard deviation based on an EEG reading .
As far as I know , it ’s never been heard of since and seems to have been lost in history , presumably as it sounds a bit far fetched and probably never worked as advertised .
Link to Wolfe and Gazzaniga discussion .
Link to ‘ Sorry , But Your Soul Just Died ’ .
The Winter Solstice Total Lunar Eclipse of December 21 , 2010 - ( imaged using a Canon 5D Mark II DSLR and a Takahashi TOA - 130 Refractor with 1.5 Extender )
It is a rare occasion when a total lunar eclipse occurs on the same day as the Winter Solstice ( the first day of winter in the Northern Hemisphere ) .
The last time this event happened was 372 years ago on December 21 , 1638 and it wo n't happen again until the year 2094 .
The moon appeared very high in the sky for this eclipse as the solstice marks the time when Earth ’s axial tilt is farthest away from the sun .
The next total lunar eclipse visible from North America will occur on April 15 , 2014 .
Click here for more information on this and other eclipses .
Shell shock !
Rare Chinese turtle the size of a matchbox born in a British zoo
He is small enough to creep inside a matchbox , if he ever needs more protection than his own tiny shell .
And this Chinese box turtle , which hatched at Bristol Zoo three weeks ago , might be glad of the extra shelter .
His species , also known as yellow - margined box turtles , are hunted for meat and medicine in the wild .
The tiny turtle weighs just 15 grams , the same as half a slice of bread
They are critically endangered - meaning this fellow 's progress will be under the spotlight .
At the moment the turtle weighs half an ounce and measures 1.5 in long , but will grow to around 6.5in .
An adult box turtle weighs around 800 grams , measures around 16 cm long ( 6.5 in ) and can live up to 50 years .
The new arrival is smaller than a box of matches and lives in Bristol Zoo 's reptile house alongside 14 adult box turtles , under the watchful eye of the zoo 's team of reptile experts .
Tim Skelton , Bristol Zoo Gardens ' curator of reptiles , said : ' Chinese box turtles are considered an endangered species so we are thrilled with this new arrival .
It is doing very well , eating plenty and growing stronger every day . '
The endangered reptile was born in Bristol Zoo
He added : ' We have kept Chinese box turtles at the Zoo for three years and this is just our second hatch so it is fantastic news and will greatly help our understanding of the breeding and incubation of the more critically endangered turtles that we are trying to breed . '
There are nine species of box turtle listed by the International Union for Endangered Species ( IUCN ) , seven of which are listed as ' critically endangered ' .
Some box turtles are mainly terrestrial , although they will enter shallow water to hunt and soak .
Others are more aquatic and can spend most of their time in water .
The new arrival is so small that it even struggled to eat a tiny worm
They live in a variety of habitats , from sub- tropical to temperate regions , and nearly always live near water .
Chinese box turtles are sociable animals and have been observed in groups on the banks of streams in the mountains or swimming in still , shallow water .
They are omnivorous , meaning they feed both on animal and plant matter , and can live to more than 50 years old .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A former top Pentagon official defended the Bush administration 's treatment of prisoners , saying its policies prohibited torture during interrogations .
" The fact is , we had a clear policy from the top of this government that was against torture , against illegality , against inhumane treatment , " Douglas Feith told a House Judiciary subcommittee Tuesday .
Feith served as undersecretary of defense for policy in President Bush 's first term .
Feith is one of six current and former Bush administration officials identified by former State Department official Lawrence Wilkerson as having developed the legal rationale for subjecting Taliban and al Qaeda captives to harsh treatment .
Critics say the policies led to the use of torture by U.S. interrogators .
Feith concurred with a December 2002 memorandum that recommended the approval of stress positions , dogs and nudity during interrogations , saying it was possible to apply them in a " humane fashion " in accordance with the Geneva Conventions .
" There were important legal lines that everyone understood could not be crossed , " he said .
The policies have been the focus of a series of congressional hearings in recent months .
In June , retired U.S. Major Gen. Antonio Taguba , who led the Army 's investigation into the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse scandal in 2003 , wrote there " is no longer any doubt " that the Bush administration committed war crimes in its treatment of suspected terrorists .
" The only question is whether those who ordered torture will be held to account , " Taguba wrote in the preface to a June report by a Massachusetts - based human rights group .
The subcommittee 's Republicans criticized the inquiry .
The panel 's ranking Republican member , Arizona Rep .
Trent Franks , accused the majority Democrats of holding hearings " dedicated primarily to making sure we are protecting the rights of terrorists . "
Invoking the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , Rep. Steve King , R - Iowa , said officials crafted the policy " while that smoking hole in New York was still burning . "
" It 's inappropriate for us to bring people up and turn them slowly on a spit because there are people on this committee that despise this administration , " he said .
But subcommittee chairman Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler , whose New York district was the center of the attacks , said laws cannot be ignored in " difficult circumstances . "
" No one can take the position that our law against torture or any other laws can be set aside at the whim of an administration which thinks that 's the best way to deal with the challenges with which we are faced , " Nadler said .
In a separate matter involving detainees , a closely divided appeals court in Richmond , Virginia , on Tuesday issued a pair of 5 - 4 decisions regarding a detainee 's right to challenge his incarceration .
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the government may continue to detain Ali al - Marri in the Navy brig in Charleston , South Carolina , but he has the right to challenge that detention .
" If the government 's allegations about al - Marri are true , Congress has empowered the president to detain him as an enemy combatant , " the majority declared .
However , the court then ruled against the government , concluding " al - Marri has not been afforded sufficient process to challenge his designation as an enemy combatant . "
Al - Marri 's lawyers have continued to challenge the government 's decision to hold him in military custody , saying he was not captured on a battlefield .
He was initially taken into custody in Illinois in December 2001 on fraud charges unrelated to terrorism .
" While the decision rejects the president 's claim of unchecked executive power , it still poses a grave danger to the most basic constitutional principle -- that citizens and legal residents of the U.S. can be locked up without charges , " al - Marri 's lawyer , Jonathan Hafetz said .
All About Torture • Abu Ghraib • Douglas Feith • Antonio Taguba
By Leslie Goffe
BBC Focus On Africa magazine
To millions of US wrestling fans , Kofi Kingston is the first Jamaican wrestler in World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
But his real identity is very different - because to his family and friends , he is Kofi Sarkodie - Mensah from Ghana .
Sarkodie - Mensah ' competes ' under the flag of Jamaica
Most wrestling fans have probably never heard of the West African country , so the wrestling body decided fight fans would be more likely to embrace a wrestler from the land of Bob Marley and reggae music .
And so desperate is Sarkodie - Mensah to become wrestling 's next superstar , he is willing to deny who he is .
" I was actually born in Jamaica - to be honest with a name like Kofi a lot of people assume I was born in Ghana , " he says with a bad Jamaican accent , but doing his best to stay in character .
But though he denies it , his mother Elizabeth - the head of a Ghanaian - American organisation in the US - confirms that he was indeed born in Ghana , and not in Jamaica .
The family only moved to the US in 1982 .
" I told him : ' Kofi , your cousins watch you on TV in Ghana and want to know why you do n't say you 're from Ghana , ' " she says .
" He said : ' Tell them it is business . ' "
Suit swapped
It certainly is business .
After he discovered his mother had revealed his secret identity to the press , Sarkodie - Mensah banned her and the rest of his family from speaking to the media , for fear of compromising his career .
KOFI KINGSTON Real name Kofi Sarkodie - Mensah , born in Ghana in 1982 Fight debut in 2005 Moves include ' Trouble in Paradise ' - a spinning kick to the head - and the ' Soul Shakedown ' - a double - leg drop straight to the midsection followed by a shake of the hips over the fallen opponent .
Has so far lost only one match - up , to Shelton Benjamin " She 's very happy I am doing what I want to do , " he says of his mother .
" But I do n't think she knows how big wrestling really is . "
Spinning people around by their necks and slamming their heads into the ground is not how Sarkodie - Mensah , who is the only African in big - time wrestling in the United States , thought he would earn his living .
A member of a family of intellectuals from near Kumasi in Ghana , he was expected to become a revered teacher like his grandfather .
But he first went into the corporate world - and almost immediately regretted it .
" My first day at work I sat in my cubicle and looked at the empty walls and it was very depressing , " he recalls .
The 26 - year - old soon decided to swap his business suit for bright yellow wrestler 's trunks .
" The first day I walked into the wrestling school , I knew I was in the right place , " he says .
So far , Sarkodie - Mensah has made all the right moves .
Since his debut in January , he has " won " all but one of his 100 matches on the Extreme Championship Wrestling circuit , an offshoot of WWE which launched the careers of the likes of Hulk Hogan and The Rock .
WWE is convinced Sarkodie - Mensah has what it takes to make it to the top in the scripted world of US professional wrestling - dismissed by some as more soap opera than sport .
' Concussion in the face '
But although professional wrestling has its detractors , Sarkodie - Mensah 's father , Kwasi , is not one of them .
Mr Sarkodie - Mensah , a lecturer at Boston College in the US , says though many of his friends in Ghana were disappointed that his son became a wrestler rather than an academic like his parents , he is happy his son has found contentment in his career .
" I know it is a very anti-intellectual thing , but I think everybody should get up in the morning and be excited about what they do , " he says .
But Mr Sarkodie - Mensah 's friends in Ghanaian academia , like Raymond Osei-Boadu of the University of Science and Technology in Kumasi , are horrified .
" I cannot bring myself to understand , " says a disconsolate Mr Osei-Boadu .
" Why would a person who is very capable of going to graduate school decide to jettison all that for concussion in the face ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The widely - held perception that the influenza vaccination reduces overall mortality risk in the elderly does not withstand careful scrutiny , according to researchers in Alberta .
The vaccine does confer protection against specific strains of influenza , but its overall benefit appears to have been exaggerated by a number of observational studies that found a very large reduction in all - cause mortality among elderly patients who had been vaccinated .
The study included more than 700 matched elderly subjects , half of whom had taken the vaccine and half of whom had not .
After controlling for a wealth of variables that were largely not considered or simply not available in previous studies that reported the mortality benefit , the researchers concluded that any such benefit " if present at all , was very small and statistically non-significant and may simply be a healthy - user artifact that they were unable to identify . "
" While such a reduction in all - cause mortality would have been impressive , these mortality benefits are likely implausible .
Previous studies were likely measuring a benefit not directly attributable to the vaccine itself , but something specific to the individuals who were vaccinated — a healthy - user benefit or frailty bias , " said Dean T. Eurich , Ph.D. clinical epidemiologist and assistant professor at the School of Public Health at the University of Alberta .
" Over the last two decades in the United Sates , even while vaccination rates among the elderly have increased from 15 to 65 percent , there has been no commensurate decrease in hospital admissions or all - cause mortality .
Further , only about 10 percent of winter - time deaths in the United States are attributable to influenza , thus to suggest that the vaccine can reduce 50 percent of deaths from all causes is implausible in our opinion . "
Dr. Eurich and colleagues hypothesized that if the healthy - user effect was responsible for the mortality benefit associated with influenza vaccination seen in observational studies , there should also be a significant mortality benefit present during the " off- season " .
To determine whether the observed mortality benefits were actually an effect of the flu vaccine , therefore , they analyzed clinical data from records of all six hospitals in the Capital Health region in Alberta .
In total , they analyzed data from 704 patients 65 years of age and older who were admitted to the hospital for community - acquired pneumonia during non -flu season , half of whom had been vaccinated , and half of whom had not .
Each vaccinated patient was matched to a non-vaccinated patient with similar demographics , medical conditions , functional status , smoking status and current prescription medications .
In examining in - hospital mortality , they found that 12 percent of the patients died overall , with a median length of stay of approximately eight days .
While analysis with a model similar to that employed by past observational studies indeed showed that patients who were vaccinated were about half as likely to die as unvaccinated patients , a finding consistent with other studies , they found a striking difference after adjusting for detailed clinical information , such as the need for an advanced directive , pneumococcal immunizations , socioeconomic status , as well as sex , smoking , functional status and severity of disease .
Controlling for those variables reduced the relative risk of death to a statistically non-significant 19 percent .
Further analyses that included more than 3,400 patients from the same cohort did not significantly alter the relative risk .
The researchers concluded that there was a difficult to capture healthy - user effect among vaccinated patients .
" The healthy - user effect is seen in what doctors often refer to as their ' good ' patients — patients who are well - informed about their health , who exercise regularly , do not smoke or have quit , drink only in moderation , watch what they eat , come in regularly for health maintenance visits and disease screenings , take their medications exactly as prescribed — and quite religiously get vaccinated each year so as to stay healthy .
Such attributes are almost impossible to capture in large scale studies using administrative databases , " said principal investigator Sumit Majumdar , M.D. , M.P.H. , associate professor in the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry at the University of Alberta .
The finding has broad implications :
For patients :
People with chronic diseases such as chronic respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , immuno - compromised patients , healthcare workers , family members or friends who take care of elderly patients and others with greater exposure or susceptibility to the influenza virus should still be vaccinated .
" But you also need to take care of yourself .
Everyone can reduce their risk by taking simple precautions , " says Dr. Majumdar .
" Wash your hands , avoid sick kids and hospitals during flu season , consider antiviral agents for prophylaxis and tell your doctor as soon as you feel unwell because there is still a chance to decrease symptoms and prevent hospitalization if you get sick — because flu vaccine is not as effective as people have been thinking it is . "
: People with chronic diseases such as chronic respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , immuno - compromised patients , healthcare workers , family members or friends who take care of elderly patients and others with greater exposure or susceptibility to the influenza virus should still be vaccinated .
" But you also need to take care of yourself .
Everyone can reduce their risk by taking simple precautions , " says Dr. Majumdar .
" Wash your hands , avoid sick kids and hospitals during flu season , consider antiviral agents for prophylaxis and tell your doctor as soon as you feel unwell because there is still a chance to decrease symptoms and prevent hospitalization if you get sick — because flu vaccine is not as effective as people have been thinking it is . "
For vaccine developers :
Previously reported mortality reductions are clearly inflated and erroneous –this may have stifled efforts at developing newer and better vaccines especially for use in the elderly .
: Previously reported mortality reductions are clearly inflated and erroneous –this may have stifled efforts at developing newer and better vaccines especially for use in the elderly .
For policy makers : Efforts directed at " improving quality of care " are better directed at where the evidence is , such as hand - washing , vaccinating children and vaccinating healthcare workers .
Finally , Dr. Majumder said , the findings are a reminder to researchers that " the healthy - user effect is everywhere you do n't want it to be . "
The results will appear in the first issue for September of the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine , a publication of the American Thoracic Society .
A hypervisor is a process that runs on physical hosts to create virtual machines .
These VMs act as independent application servers , though in fact they share the host ’s CPU cycles , memory , and bandwidth .
昨日ひさびさに会った研究会で一緒だった、いま女子中学校/高校で情報処理を教えている子から最近の子たちの携帯の使い方を聞いてみた。
パケホーダイじゃない子はほとんどいないのでは
通話はほとんどしな い
Softbank の子は例外で、家に着いた途端彼や友達と通話しっぱなしにする。しゃべらないで、ゴソゴソとか音だけを流してるぽい
ネット系の子たちは「 ちょwwwおまwwww 」「ワロスwwwwww」などにちゃん用語を声にだして発言する
ブーンとかモナーをわら半紙にアナログに描いてる
ニコニコ動画してる子も多い
そういう子に 「黙れニコ厨」というとこの世のものとは思えないくらいウケる
2ch やってる子もけっこうい る
mixi は年齢を 18 歳と詐称してやってる子も多 い
モバゲーはほぼやってる
携帯（おもにモバゲー）を使ったいじめはやっぱりある
1 日 100 通くらいメールして る
デコメはたまに送ってくる。全部のメールがデコメなわけじゃない
パソコンもけっこう使ってるとか。5 年前に赴任したときはタッチタイピングはおろかキーの場所すらわからない子もいたけれど、いまは教えなくてよくなったらしい。
生まれながらに i モードがあるんだもんなぁ。物心ついたときにはカラーだっただろうし。ダイヤルアップ接続を知らないように、パケホーダイじゃない携帯も信じられないものなんだろうなぁ。
※追記 2008/04/08 19:05
「 生まれながら に i モード 」 はウソでしたすみません。i モードリリースは 99 年なので、生まれながらの子はまだ小学生ですね。
Reports of a surging McCain are greatly exaggerated .
While Obama and McCain are mobilizing supporters and maintaining a close race , the numbers on this most recent ABC / WaPo poll have changed about as much as the other national polls - by a point or two , Obama leading .
Presidential choice RV 8/19 - 22 ( July ) ( June )
Obama 49 ( 50 ) ( 49 )
McCain 43 ( 42 ) ( 45 )
The Registered Voter numbers ( prior to the Biden announcement ) are +6 Obama , but WaPo also offers Likely Voter numbers with trends ( who is a likely voter this year remains unclear ) .
This is a good example of current LV screens favoring McCain , whose demographic of older voters fits better into LV classification [ more on LV's here from Mark Blumenthal ] :
Presidential choice LV 8/19 - 22 ( July ) ( June )
Obama 49 ( 49 ) ( 47 )
McCain 45 ( 46 ) ( 48 )
As for particulars :
The focus on foreign policy crises over the past month , including the Russian invasion of Georgia , has played to McCain 's perceived strengths among the electorate .
He holds 2 to 1 leads over Obama in the new poll as the candidate with better knowledge of world affairs and the one who would make a better commander in chief .
He is also regarded as superior to Obama in combating international terrorism and has a slender advantage on international affairs generally , the latter thanks to a clear edge among independents .
But on the question of who is better equipped to deal with specific foreign policy problems , McCain 's advantages are less apparent .
Voters rate McCain and Obama evenly on handling the situation in Iraq , and McCain has a negligible advantage in dealing with U.S. relations with Russia .
And it is Obama who continues to hold a lead on dealing with the nation 's flagging economy , although his margin on that crucial question is somewhat narrower than it was a month ago .
Where Obama is strongest is in public assessments of his candidacy and personality .
He has a better than 2 to 1 edge as the more optimistic candidate and a 21 - point advantage on who would do more to stand up to special interests .
Although both candidates have tried to stress their desire to govern in a bipartisan fashion , voters by a 12 - point margin see Obama as the one more likely to work cooperatively with Republicans and Democrats in Congress .
Usual enthusiasm gap :
Nevertheless , McCain 's candidacy cannot match Obama 's on enthusiasm .
More voters are enthusiastic about Obama 's run than McCain's , and while almost all of those who support a candidate are enthusiastically behind their pick , Obama 's backers are about twice as likely to call themselves " very enthusiastic , " 52 to 28 percent .
This is a bit different , though :
As for the general tenor of the campaign , about two - thirds , 64 percent , said Obama is primarily focused on addressing the issues ; 45 percent said so of McCain .
On McCain 's campaign , about as many , 48 percent , said he was instead mainly focused on attacking Obama .
Our friends , the ex-Republicans :
Independents overall remain about evenly split in their vote preferences : 45 percent support Obama , 43 percent McCain .
Each candidate garners an identical 59 percent favorable rating from independents , underscoring some voters ' tough choices ahead .
Separately , Polling Report has a good summary of the Biden reaction with the voters .
Between Fox and ABC / WaPo polls , the Biden choice makes no difference among 75 % of responders ( ABC / WaPo ) , and is a wash among Fox responders ( Dems like the choice 3:1 , opposite with the GOP ) .
[ Gallup and Rasmussen agree , but note that older voters like Biden , complementing Obama 's appeal with younger voters . ]
Bottom line is that , for now , the electorate remains polarized .
Perhaps the best way ( and maybe the only way ) to break through is to elect a Democrat and show they can govern effectively .
If the election were held today ( and it wo n't be ) the polls suggest that is what would happen , particularly if new and younger voters show .
As soon as I have finished this column I will jump on the train to Kent .
Last year Al Gore remarked : " I can't understand why there are n't rings of young people blocking bulldozers and preventing them from constructing coal - fired power plants . "
Like hundreds of honorary young people , I am casting my Zimmer frame aside to answer the call .
Everything now hinges on stopping coal .
Whether we prevent runaway climate change largely depends on whether we keep using the most carbon - intensive fossil fuel .
Unless we either leave it - or the carbon dioxide it produces - in the ground , human development will start spiralling backwards .
The more coal is burnt , the smaller are our chances of future comfort and prosperity .
The industrial revolution has gone into reverse .
It is not because of polar bears that I will be joining the climate camp outside the coal plant at Kingsnorth .
It is not because of butterflies or frogs or penguins or rainforests , much as I love them all .
It is because everything I have fought for and that all campaigners for social justice have ever fought for - food , clean water , shelter , security - is jeopardised by climate change .
Those who claim to identify a conflict between environmentalism and humanitarianism have either failed to read the science or have refused to understand it .
Our government could lead the world in one of two directions .
Roughly one third of our power stations will come to the end of their lives by 2020 .
It could replace them with low - carbon plants or it could repeat - this time in full knowledge of the consequences - the disastrous decisions of the past .
E.ON 's application to build a new coal - burning power station at Kingsnorth is the first for many years .
At least five other such proposals hang on the outcome .
Between them they would account for 54 million tonnes of carbon emissions a year : as much as the entire economy would produce if the UK , in line with current science , were to cut its emissions by 90 % .
The government seems determined to make the wrong decision .
It has inherited the party 's traditional love for coal , but , being New Labour , now supports the bosses instead of the workers , and has colluded with them to make the case for a new generation of power stations .
It has one justification for this policy : that one day dirty coal will be transformed into clean coal by means of carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) .
All that is needed to effect this transformation is a sprinkling of alchemical dust , in the form of the future price of carbon .
The market , it claims , will automatically ensure that coal plants bury their carbon dioxide , as this will be cheaper than buying pollution permits .
Last month the House of Commons environmental audit committee examined this proposition and found that it was nonsense .
It cited studies by the UK Energy Research Centre and Climate Change Capital which estimate that capturing carbon from existing coal plants will cost € 90 - 155 ( £ 71 - £ 122 ) per tonne of CO2 .
Yet the government predicts that the likely price of carbon between 2013 to 2020 will be around € 39 ( £ 31 ) per tonne .
Even E.ON believes that it wo n't rise above € 50 .
" The gap between the carbon price and the cost of CCS , " the committee finds , " is enormous . "
The energy minister , Malcolm Wicks , confessed to MPs : " I hope that the strengthening of carbon markets ... will bring forward a sufficiently good price for carbon that it will provide some of the financial incentive for CCS .
Will it be enough ?
I do not know . "
This is the sum of government policy : to cross its fingers and hope the market delivers .
If it approves a new coal plant at Kingsnorth , it will do so on the grounds that the power station will be " CCS - ready " .
CCS - ready seems to mean nothing more than this : that there is enough space on the site for a carbon capture plant , should the developer deign one day to build it .
The committee warns that this meaningless promise could be used " as a fig leaf to give unabated coal - fired power stations an appearance of environmental acceptability " .
The government has already shown us what it wants to do .
In January , Gary Mohammed , a civil servant at the Department for Business , emailed E.ON to ask whether he should include CCS as a condition for approving its new coal plant .
( This gives a fascinating insight into how government works : companies are asked to write their own rules . )
E.ON replied that the government " has no right to withhold approval for a conventional plant " .
Six minutes later Mohammed answered thus : " Thanks .
I wo n't include .
Hope to get the set of draft conditions out today or tomorrow . "
There is a simple means by which the government could ensure that our future electricity supplies would not commit the UK to stoking runaway climate change .
It would do as California has done and set , by a certain date , a maximum level for carbon pollution per megawatt - hour of electricity production .
This would have to be a low one : perhaps 80kg of CO2 .
Then , in line with the government 's precious principles ( or absence thereof ) , it could leave the rest to the market .
I have now reached the point at which I no longer care whether or not the answer is nuclear .
Let it happen - as long as its total emissions are taken into account , we know exactly how and where the waste is to be buried , how much this will cost and who will pay , and there is a legal guarantee that no civil nuclear materials will be used by the military .
We can no longer afford any rigid principle but one : that the harm done to people living now and in the future must be minimised by the most effective means , whatever they might be .
But I believe the likely response would be more interesting than this .
Several recent studies have shown how , through maximising the diversity of renewable generators and by spreading them as far apart as possible , by using new techniques for balancing demand with supply and clever schemes for storing energy , between 80 % and 100 % of our electricity could be produced by renewables , without any loss in the reliability of power supplies .
Unlike CCS , wind , wave , tidal , solar , hydro and geothermal power are proven technologies .
Unlike nuclear power , they can be safely decommissioned as soon as they become redundant .
A policy like this requires both courage and vision .
So look at the current cabinet - Brown , Straw , Darling , Hutton , Blears , Kelly , Hoon - and weep .
Every man and woman with backbone was purged from this government years ago , leaving those who know how to appease the interests that might threaten them .
These people wo n't stand up to business , even when the future prospects of mankind are at stake .
If fear is the only thing that moves them , we must present them with a greater threat than the companies planning new coal plants .
We must show that this issue has become a political flashpoint ; that the public revulsion towards new coal could help to eject them from office .
You could do no better than joining us at Kingsnorth this week .
monbiot.com
David M. Dickson
The Washington Times
July 28 , 2008
Four years ago , when the foreign - exchange reserves of China totaled about $ 450 billion and the value of China ’s holdings of U.S. securities was about $ 300 billion , former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers warned about the emergence of a global “ balance of financial terror . ”
Mr. Summers and others worry that U.S. consumption and investment levels are becoming dependent on “ the discretionary acts ” of other governments .
Foreign governments and investors are accumulating huge pools of dollars by virtue of the massive trade deficits the United States has been running .
What these governments decide to do with their rapidly growing dollar reserves could have a huge effect on the U.S. economy .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The NCSF is committed to creating a political , legal and social environment in the US that advances equal rights for consenting adults who engage in alternative sexual and relationship expressions .
The NCSF aims to advance the rights of , and advocate for consenting adults in the BDSM - Leather - Fetish , Swing , and Polyamory Communities .
We pursue our vision through direct services , education , advocacy , and outreach , in conjunction with our partners , to directly benefit these communities .
Diversity and Inclusion Vision
NCSF 's goal is to better fulfill our mission through a better understanding of a diverse range of voices and experiences in our communities .
We recognize the similarities and differences between people that make us all unique .
We aim to be inclusive by creating opportunities for more people of various backgrounds to be represented and heard by NCSF .
The scientists , engineers and geniuses at Muttonbone believe that sodomizing an inflatable sheep should be a wonderful experience for everyone concerned .
The Love Ewe was created for that very special time when one embraces their inner-shepherd and seizes the supple thighs of destiny .
A : Vanity Flap
… or “ tail ” .
The vanity flap is there to keep the sexual tension and mystery alive between you and your sheep .
B : Garter Belt
Provides the best approximation of where a sheep ’s waist is .
Arousal is critical in consummating an act with a Love Ewe — an errant glimpse of oneself “ inflagrante delicto ” with the sheep in a mirror can quickly dampen the fires of passion .
That ’s why we ’ve selected a bright shade of Amsterdam Red lipstick that complements our patented painted on fishnet stockings to keep the Love Ewe looking alluring from both ends at all times .
Is the iPhone NDA About Patents ?
The obvious reason for iPhone developers ’ frustration over Apple ’s continuation of the iPhone SDK NDA is that it ’s blocking open collaboration .
Cocoa developers are used to having public mailing lists , weblog posts , and third - party reference books at their disposal .
The NDA forbids this sort of openness .
But the other thing is it seems baffling ; it ’s hard to see how Apple benefits by not lifting the NDA .
DF reader Jeb emailed yesterday with what strikes me as the most credible explanation I ’ve heard so far :
At my company , our lawyers advised us to keep what we considered more - or - less public software under NDA for a very long time because demoing software to someone under NDA , no matter how many people it is , avoids “ publishing ” the software and any inventions contained therein .
We know Apple ’s been building up a patent strategy around multi- touch ; maybe their lawyers believe there are patentable inventions described in the iPhone SDK and they are telling Apple to keep everything under NDA until they know provisional patents can be filed within a reasonable amount of time ( you get a year after publishing in the US , but in the EU , I think you forfeit any patent claims once your invention is “ published ” ) .
It ’s like , it does n’t matter at all how broad / leaky the NDA process is , in the eyes of the USPTO , every invention in the iPhone SDK is a non-published invention and will continue to be so until the NDA is lifted .
So as if the entire field of software patents were n’t already enough of a drag on the industry , we may well have it to blame for the NDA .
Researchers Build Eco- Treehouse For Adults
September 17th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
If you miss the treehouses of your childhood , you may just have a new excuse to own one relatively soon .
Researchers from have Tel Aviv University and MIT have built a prototype treehouse that can process waste and reduce carbon emissions — so you can feel even more justified in reliving your youth .
The researchers built the model treehouse from malleable tree roots that are hardened into steel girder - like structures .
Apparently , the houses can be outfitted with solar panels and wind turbines , and they can even convert waste into nutrients for trees .
Prototype homes will be ready in ten years — but do n’t get excited yet .
They ’ll be too expensive for all but a few .
I also wonder about how realistic this model is for areas that experience natural disasters ( and in this age of global warming , what area does n’t ? ) .
Do you really want to be mired in the middle of a tree during a hurricane , tornado , or flood ?
But all practicalities aside , the nouveau treehouse looks like a lot of fun .
Photo Credit : The UK Telegraph
Related posts :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
There 's a little - known and decidedly average George Romero movie called Bruiser which , despite turning rubbish and hysterical at the end , has a creepy and intriguing premise .
In it , Jason Flemyng plays a successful young marketing exec who wakes up one day to discover his face has inexplicably transformed into a smooth , white , featureless mask .
He stands horrified in front of the mirror , trying to remove it but failing because it 's fused to his head .
He has literally become a blank .
That 's the best bit of the film .
After that it all goes a bit daft , as Flemyng 's newfound anonymity sends him doolally and he runs around Los Angeles killing people left right and centre ( mainly centre ) until you just do n't care any more .
I 'd have preferred him to stand weeping in front of the mirror for the remaining 90 minutes because I found that bit exceptionally creepy .
And you know why ?
Because I can relate to it , that 's why .
Thanks for asking .
I could relate to it not because I 've got a smooth , featureless face - sadly , it 's more like a lumpy relief map charting myriad disappointments - but because in the past few months I 've grown increasingly concerned that deep inside , underneath , in my heart , at my core , in my bones , within the very centre of my soul , lurks a terrifying , all - consuming , awful , echoing blankness .
Just to be clear , this is not the same thing as depression , which would manifest itself as an actively negative mindset .
Rather it's an absence of any definable mood whatsoever .
It 's not like glancing at the glass of water and seeing it as half - empty ; more like glancing at the glass of water and seeing it as half - full , but shrugging indifferently and staring at the wall instead of running around giggling and setting off party poppers .
And to be fair , vacant indifference is the only sane reaction to a mere glass of water in the first place .
It 's hard to muster much enthusiasm or despair either way .
Which leaping great cretin at the Department of Psychological Metaphor decided your opinion vis-a - vis a glass of water should be the barometer of character anyhow ?
If you want to find out who 's a pessimist and who 's an optimist , do n't faff around filling tumblers - water 's a precious resource , for Christ 's sake .
Just ask them .
Or issue them a form with OPTIMIST and PESSIMIST printed on it , and see which box they tick .
It 's not rocket science .
Anyway , back to my thudding personal blankness .
It 's probably a bonus .
On the one hand , I take absolutely no pride whatsoever in whatever meagre professional achievements I can muster , take little interest in anything outside work and am essentially just a blinking , shuffling mannequin watching events in his life merely drift past like underwhelming prizes on the Generation Game conveyor belt .
And on the other , I just do n't give a shit .
It 's a win -win situation .
Or it would be , if I had any concept of " winning " in the first place .
Apparently this condition is known as " anhedonia " - the inability to derive any pleasure from things that would normally be considered pleasurable .
Hand someone truly anhedonic a slice of chocolate cake , and at best they 'll think , " Hmm , my tastebuds indicate this cake is delicious , " rather than simply enjoying it .
They subject it to Spock - like analysis , swallow it , shrug , and then crap it out a few hours later , wearing a neutral , unchanging expression throughout .
Well , that 's me , that is .
And it 's hard to see what the cure might be .
If you 've fallen out of love with life - not to the point of actually disliking it , you understand , but to such a degree that you merely tolerate rather than welcome each passing day - it 's surely impossible to get the spark back .
Any suggestions ?
Religious epiphanies and extreme sports are out .
And I could do without raising a family , thanks : that looks like an almighty pain in the arse and to be honest I could n't be bothered .
I 'd immerse myself in a hobby but they all look so pointless .
You might as well sit alone in a shed counting numbers .
I 've tried cultivating a passion for the arts but that did n't work either .
I mean , I quite like plays , live music , exhibitions , museums and paintings , but not enough to spend more than 25 minutes journeying to see them .
Reading 's all right , but be honest - turning the pages is n't ultimately worth the effort .
Perhaps serial killing would help .
Yeah .
That 'd give everything a welcome bit of edge .
Although I 'm prepared to believe even that gets boring surprisingly quickly : within two weeks I 'd be yawning my way through yet another humdrum strangling .
Still , it could be worse .
Having listlessly Googled anhedonia , I see it 's related to a hilarious spin - off condition called " ejaculatory anhedonia " .
Apparently it mainly affects men , and as the name suggests , the unfortunate few who suffer from it are incapable of deriving any pleasure whatsoever from orgasms .
They make a bit of mess while staring impassively into the middle distance , and that 's it .
Like the human equivalent of a pushdown soap - dispenser .
Now that would be depressing .
Ah , well .
This week Charlie read The Tiger That Is n't : " A startlingly interesting book about statistics .
Yes , statistics .
Honestly , it makes them interesting .
It does .
But do n't take my miserable word for it , go and pick up a copy and read it your stinking self . "
Yesterday , these three sweaters worn by Bill Cosby on The Cosby Show went up for auction on eBay .
The bidding started at $ 5,000 for each sweater .
The money raised will benefit an education charity set up in the honor of Cosby ’s late son , Ennis .
We checked in on the bidding at eBay , and the results just might shock you :
No one has bid on any of them !
As you can see , they ’re a remarkable lot .
The one in the middle is like the Saved by the Bell theme song in knitted form .
The one on the left wears a scarf so you do n’t have to , and the darker one on the right would be great for evening .
So we ’re rather surprised there are no bids .
Does no one see the $ 5,000 value in hanging such a glorious piece of the eighties in his closet ?
Does no one have ugly - sweater parties anymore ?
Are you not dressing up for Halloween ?
You have until June 12 to bid and make the remaining days of the auction a little less painful .
Bill Cosby ’s sweaters [ eBay ]
Bill Cosby ’s famous TV sweaters up for auction [ Reuters ]
HD DVD sales are currently strong in the States , reports the Financial Times .
The doomed high - def disc format was effectively cancelled by backers Toshiba and co earlier in the year , after the rival Blu-ray format emerged victorious , but “ tough economic conditions ” have breathed new life into the platform .
Aggressive price cuts for the hardware – said to be around $ 60 for HD DVD players , some of which upscale ordinary DVDs – have apparently made them attractive to cash - strapped consumers .
In addition , the cost of discs has fallen to around $ 10 , and can still be found online at Amazon and Buy.com as well as smaller electronics stores .
“ We expected to see a huge increase in Blu- ray sales [ with ] HD DVD dying but it just has n’t happened ” , Jeff Wisot , vice - president of marketing with Buy.com , told the FT .
“ HD DVD sales are still very strong . ”
Ryan Kugler , president of Distribution Video & Audio , a buyer of excess video and audio inventory , has sold one million HD DVDs that were returned to the studios by big retailers and expects to sell another two to three million for Christmas .
Kugler said :
“ Cheap entertainment always does well in a recession or depression ”
When applied to poultry , the term " free range " evokes images of chickens running freely in wide - open spaces .
When used to describe human offspring , the moniker " free - range kids " is intended to conjure up the same sort of unencumbered wandering with few boundaries .
For New York Sun columnist Lenore Skenazy , who coined the term in April , the idea blossomed after her decision to allow her 9 - year - old son to ride the New York public transportation system – subway and crosstown bus – from Bloomingdale 's in midtown Manhattan to her home just off 34th Street .
The humor writer penned a column regaling readers with her son's triumphant foray into independent urban living and was stunned to find herself at the center of a firestorm of controversy .
Many people called her a threat to her child 's safety .
But , she says , more readers wrote in support of her desire to teach her child to be self - sufficient , so she and her husband decided to found a website ( http://freerangekids.wordpress.com) to further the emerging dialogue .
In the weeks that have ensued , it is clear that Ms. Skenazy and her family have touched a nerve in the national psyche , say educators , medical professionals , and sociologists .
For a complicated mix of reasons , including the high cost of gasoline , America 's slipping position of global leadership , and unprecedented levels of stress on the American family in a 24/7 culture , these observers see an urgent and growing desire among families to reassess their lifestyles .
More balanced parenting
Many say the much - written - about " helicopter " or hovering parents of recent years need to give way to a more balanced form of parenting , one that allows for more independence and risk - taking .
" We used to see the notion of a ' vulnerable child ' only in medical terms , " says Dr. Robert Coleman of the American Academy of Pediatrics .
The term meant that a child might be at risk for specific physical reasons but was otherwise considered " safe . "
However , in the past four decades , that definition has expanded , leading to what he calls an " epidemic of seeing all children as vulnerable , all the time . "
Beyond the obvious stress that this constant state of anxiety induces in both parents and children , a generation of kids raised without learning to handle or even face risks wo n't be prepared to take leadership positions in business or civic life , experts note .
" We have begun to lose sight of the notion of comparative risk , " says Richard Louv , author of " Last Child in the Woods : Saving Our Children from Nature - Deficit Disorder . "
" We are dangerously close to becoming a society that is so risk - averse that we drain the lake because one child drowns . "
This attitude actually puts the larger society at risk because , says Mr. Louv , extending the metaphor , with no lake , no child would learn to swim .
Businesses have already begun to identify this as a serious problem , says consultant and Washington - based speaker Silvana Clark .
For example , in initial job interviews , the tech giant Microsoft will often ask applicants to describe a risk they took in a previous job and how they handled the consequences .
" More and more companies are finding young job seekers simply do n't have this skill set , " says Ms. Clark .
Innovation requires risk , she adds , and for American business to retain a leadership position , risk must be reintegrated into child - raising .
Many parents want to change their ways but feel trapped by fears about safety and keeping up , says Bob Livingstone , a clinical social worker in San Mateo , Calif .
" They feel bombarded by our 24/7 culture , where the media have a field day with every incident involving a child , and they worry constantly about getting their kids into the best schools .... "
But a quick look at actual statistics on child abductions reveals that the number of abductions by strangers has remained steady at under 200 for decades .
That stands in stark contrast to the level of fear and worry about the safety of minors that Mr. Livingstone says he sees in his family practice .
Change is n't as simple as merely allowing a child to walk unescorted to a friend 's house .
Real progress will come only when fundamental attitudes begin to change , says Louv , who is a passionate advocate for the role of nature in a child 's education .
The natural world is the best environment to challenge and develop a child 's innate abilities , he says .
" Two - dimensional environments like television and video games do not provide the spontaneous stimulation that nature does . "
He points to pending legislation in Congress dubbed " No Child Left Inside , " as evidence that this view is gaining momentum .
An ongoing dialogue
In fact , although Skenazy came up with the term , " free - range kids " as she and her husband contemplated children raised with " no cages , " the free - range notion of child - raising has circulated among thinkers at least since Britain 's progressive educational experimentation at Summerhill in the 1920s .
Skenazy says her website and nascent movement are moving forward with an ongoing dialogue about just what free - range kids should act like .
On her website , she freely fields comments and letters from all points on the spectrum , but has gone to great pains to explain that she is not reckless .
She believes in bicycle helmets , air bags , and car seats .
The message she wants to get out is fairly simple : " The world is nowhere near as dangerous as the media would have us believe and maybe not as safe as some would like it to be . "
But , she adds , " How will our kids ever learn that if we do n't let them out until they 're 21 ? "
Security researchers have discovered a new technique for developing rootkits , malicious packages used to hide the presence of malware on compromised systems .
Instead of hiding a rootkit in the virtualisation layer , Shawn Embleton and Sherri Sparks of Clear Hat Consulting have discovered an approach for smuggling rootkit technology into System Management Mode ( SMM ) , an isolated memory and execution environment supported in Intel chips that 's designed to handle problems such as memory errors and the like .
By running rootkits in SMM , miscreants could make hidden malware harder to detect , since they 're hiding code in an area anti-virus scanners do n't check .
Embleton and Sparks are due to present their research , along with a proof of concept demonstration , at the Black Hat conference in Vegas in August .
An abstract for their talk explains ; " SMM code is invisible to the Operating System yet retains full access to host physical memory and complete control over peripheral hardware .
We will demo a proof of concept SMM rootkit that functions as a chipset level keylogger .
Our rootkit hides its memory footprint , makes no changes to the host Operating System , and is capable of covertly exfiltrating sensitive data across the network while evading essentially all host based intrusion detection systems and firewalls . "
While keeping the rootkit well away from the operating system makes the malicious code more stealthy , it also introduces problems .
Hackers would need to develop device specific driver code , a factor that makes attacks far more difficult .
" I do n't see it as a widespread threat , because it 's very hardware - dependent , " Sparks told PC World .
" You would see this in a targeted attack . "
Rootkit technology is set to become a major theme of Black Hat this year , according to a preliminary agenda .
And Embleton and Sparks look to be stars of the show .
As well as giving a talk entitled A New Breed of Rootkit : The System Management Mode ( SMM ) Rootkit the duo are scheduled to present a talk on a proof of concept ' chipset ' level rootkit .
Other presentations in the Root Kit Arms Race track at Black Hat will investigate defensive techniques . ®
Crossing Borders with Laptops and PDAs
Last month a US court ruled that border agents can search your laptop , or any other electronic device , when you ’re entering the country .
They can take your computer and download its entire contents , or keep it for several days .
Customs and Border Patrol has not published any rules regarding this practice , and I and others have written a letter to Congress urging it to investigate and regulate this practice .
But the US is not alone .
British customs agents search laptops for pornography .
And there are reports on the internet of this sort of thing happening at other borders , too .
You might not like it , but it ’s a fact .
So how do you protect yourself ?
Encrypting your entire hard drive , something you should certainly do for security in case your computer is lost or stolen , wo n’t work here .
The border agent is likely to start this whole process with a “ please type in your password ” .
Of course you can refuse , but the agent can search you further , detain you longer , refuse you entry into the country and otherwise ruin your day .
You ’re going to have to hide your data .
Set a portion of your hard drive to be encrypted with a different key – even if you also encrypt your entire hard drive – and keep your sensitive data there .
Lots of programs allow you to do this .
I use PGP Disk ( from pgp.com ) .
TrueCrypt ( truecrypt.org ) is also good , and free .
While customs agents might poke around on your laptop , they ’re unlikely to find the encrypted partition .
( You can make the icon invisible , for some added protection . )
And if they download the contents of your hard drive to examine later , you wo n’t care .
Be sure to choose a strong encryption password .
Details are too complicated for a quick tip , but basically anything easy to remember is easy to guess .
( My advice is at tinyurl.com/4f8z4n . )
Unfortunately , this is n’t a perfect solution .
Your computer might have left a copy of the password on the disk somewhere , and ( as I also describe at the above link ) smart forensic software will find it .
So your best defence is to clean up your laptop .
A customs agent can’t read what you do n’t have .
You do n’t need five years ’ worth of email and client data .
You do n’t need your old love letters and those photos ( you know the ones I ’m talking about ) .
Delete everything you do n’t absolutely need .
And use a secure file erasure program to do it .
While you ’re at it , delete your browser ’s cookies , cache and browsing history .
It ’s nobody ’s business what websites you ’ve visited .
And turn your computer off — do n’t just put it to sleep — before you go through customs ; that deletes other things .
Think of all this as the last thing to do before you stow your electronic devices for landing .
Some companies now give their employees forensically clean laptops for travel , and have them download any sensitive data over a virtual private network once they ’ve entered the country .
They send any work back the same way , and delete everything again before crossing the border to go home .
This is a good idea if you can do it .
If you can’t , consider putting your sensitive data on a USB drive or even a camera memory card : even 16GB cards are reasonably priced these days .
Encrypt it , of course , because it ’s easy to lose something that small .
Slip it in your pocket , and it ’s likely to remain unnoticed even if the customs agent pokes through your laptop .
If someone does discover it , you can try saying : “ I do n’t know what ’s on there .
My boss told me to give it to the head of the New York office . ”
If you ’ve chosen a strong encryption password , you wo n’t care if he confiscates it .
Lastly , do n’t forget your phone and PDA .
Customs agents can search those too : emails , your phone book , your calendar .
Unfortunately , there ’s nothing you can do here except delete things .
I know this all sounds like work , and that it ’s easier to just ignore everything here and hope you do n’t get searched .
Today , the odds are in your favour .
But new forensic tools are making automatic searches easier and easier , and the recent US court ruling is likely to embolden other countries .
It ’s better to be safe than sorry .
Categories : National Security Policy , Privacy and Surveillance
Once the guitars are completed , the kids in Paul Rubenstein 's Working Playground " Building Music " class make their amplifiers .
It 's up to each student to create their own enclosure for the circuit , so each amp has it's own distinctive look .
The kids solder together the circuits following this schematic from runoffgroove.com .
Thanks to Small Bear Electronics for giving us a good deal on parts , and to MWS Wire for the magnet wire for the guitar pickups !
The kids make square wave oscillators , too !
Three views of Shakia 's flying saucer amplifier .
La psicóloga del colegio salió de la habitación con el libro de familia en la mano .
Fue cuando vio que las mellizas de casi dos años tenían dos madres : Julia y María .
" Al poco volvió a entrar algo apurada : ' Perdonen que no se lo haya dicho antes , no hay plazas para esa edad " .
Fue el 18 de julio .
Y aunque han pasado casi dos meses , Julia lo recuerda aún con angustia .
" Nos quedamos paralizadas .
Nunca habíamos sufrido una discriminación as í "
Julia y María - nombres ficticios , para conservar su anonimato , ya que trabajan de cara al público - están casadas desde el 30 de septiembre de 2006 .
Cuando ocurrió el episodio llevaban más de una hora recorriendo las instalaciones del Colegio SEK - El Castillo , un centro privado situado en las afueras de Madrid , en el que la cuota mensual de infantil es de 590 euros .
No les pusieron ningún pero .
Además , la visita se había concertado después de haber cruzado diversos correos electrónicos con el centro en el que se les aseguró que sí había plazas libres para sus hijas .
El último , el 7 de julio .
En las semanas siguientes , dos parejas de amigos llamaron al colegio preguntando si había plazas para esa misma edad y a todos les contestaron por escrito que sí .
Al último , el 29 de agosto .
A ellas les siguen diciendo ( la última respuesta es del pasado lunes ) que están en lista de espera .
" Aquel día nos quedamos calladas y paralizadas .
No nos lo esperábamos , nunca habíamos sufrido una discriminación así " .
De hecho , tardaron en reaccionar .
" Nos sentimos tratadas como si fuéramos estúpidas .
Necesitábamos salir de la duda de inmediato " , recuerda Julia .
Por eso , nada más dejar el centro , ya en el coche , Julia llamó a Marta , su secretaria , y le pidió que telefoneara al colegio para preguntar si había plazas para niños de dos años .
" Me contestó al poco .
Le dijeron que sí.
Me quedé hecha polvo " .
El Colegio San Estanislao de Kostka ( SEK ) defiende una " educación en libertad y para la libertad y la ausencia de discriminación por razón alguna " , según figura en su ideario .
Es lo que les gustó a estas madres .
El SEK tiene 7.000 alumnos y seis centros en España , así como una universidad privada , la Camilo José Cela .
Se declaran defensores de valores " personales , biólogicos " , del " pluralismo social , la veracidad , la conducta ética y la libertad " .
El director de Comunicación de la Institución SEK , José Luis Málaga , no se explica lo ocurrido .
Asegura que los valores que tienen publicados son " su ideario y lo mantienen " .
" Bajo ningún concepto somos discriminatorios " , defiende .
" Tenemos que comprobar si estas niñas están en lista de espera .
En educación infantil para 1 y 2 años la matrícula suele cerrarse muy pronto , hay mucha demanda " .
No sabe por qué a otros padres se les dijo en los mismos días que sí había plazas .
¿ Admitirían a estas niñas si se quedan plazas libres ?
" No habría ningún problema " , asegura .
Julia y María son profesionales de alto nivel y llevan escasos años viviendo en Madrid .
La primera es empresaria autónoma y la segunda tiene un restaurante que frecuentan actores , periodistas , políticos ...
Sus mellizas , una muy rubia y otra muy morena , van a hacer pronto dos años .
Les costó mucho tenerlas .
" No creas que ha sido fácil crear esta familia " , dice María .
Julia dio a luz el 31 de octubre de 2006 después de haberse sometido a varias inseminaciones y tener diversos abortos .
Llevaban siete años juntas y se querían .
Se siguen queriendo .
" Por eso teníamos que casarnos .
Nos hacía falta .
Y nunca nos peleamos " , aseguran al fotógrafo mientras posan .
María se arranca contando su historia .
Se casaron cuando Julia estaba embarazada de ocho meses para poder inscribir a las niñas a nombre de las dos .
Pero no les dejaron en el Registro Civil de la calle Pradillo de Madrid , a pesar de que ya estaban casadas .
Acudieron cinco veces .
Al final , María ha tenido que adoptar a las niñas y pasar incluso una prueba psicosocial .
" Hay un vacío legal enorme , un hombre puede registrar a un hijo sin que le pidan nada y a nosotras , estando casadas , no nos dejan " .
Las niñas están bautizadas .
Las madres son creyentes , sobre todo María .
" La Biblia no dice nada en contra de estas situaciones .
Dice ' amaos los unos a los otros como yo os he amado " , señala María .
" O se pone un poco más moderna la Iglesia católica o se van a quedar solos " .
Ellas rezan con sus hijas todas las noches .
Una amiga monja les dijo que el bautismo no se le puede negar a nadie .
Las bautizó Monseñor Clemente en la Iglesia de San Andrés , en el barrio de La Latina .
Ahora bien , les dijeron que " para que no hubiera problemas iban a poner que eran hijas de madre soltera " .
Y así lo hicieron .
La historia de su libro de familia es surrealista .
De sus libros , para ser exactos .
Tienen dos y pronto recibirán el tercero .
En el primero figuran las dos como matrimonio legal .
En el segundo está sólo Julia como madre soltera de las niñas , " cuando era mentira " .
" Es el que nos hicieron cuando nacieron , a pesar de que estábamos casadas " , explican .
Esperan el tercero , una vez concluida la adopción de las niñas por parte de María , en el que ya figurará la familia al completo .
Julia estuvo muy grave tras el parto .
Esto pudo provocar que su mujer perdiera a las niñas .
En ese momento no estaban registradas como hijas suyas .
Video game courses a waste of time , say computer bosses
Game star : Lara Croft
Britain 's multi-million - pound computer games industry has criticised universities for offering gaming degrees that fail to equip students for work .
Some of the country ’s leading firms complain that many courses lack vital computing , maths or art and animation skills .
Their comments will reignite debate that too many universities are offering ‘ Mickey Mouse ’ degrees with little job relevance .
The number of computer games degrees on offer in Britain has almost doubled over the past three years to more than 80 .
But Skillset , the body that represents the ‘ creative media ’ industry , has only approved four courses as fully meeting employers ’ needs .
Jamie MacDonald , the vice - president of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios Europe , said : ‘ I ca n’t remember the last time I employed someone from them . ’
Meanwhile Britain , which gave the world Lara Croft , the heroine of Tomb Raider , is losing its hold on the global games market , worth an estimated £ 18 billion a year .
More than 200 British firms
are backing ‘ Games Up ? ’ – a campaign to highlight threats to the UK industry , such as a shortage of suitable graduates .
David Braben of the Frontier Developments studio said he was ‘ shocked and surprised ’ at how little some graduates knew .
The Department for Innovation , Universities and Skills said it was down to the individual institutions to decide course content .
Andy Worthington
Huffington Post
August 1 , 2008
The existence of a secret , CIA - run prison on the island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean has long been a leaky secret in the " War on Terror , " and recent revelations in TIME — based on disclosures by a " senior American official , " who was " a frequent participant in White House Situation Room meetings " after the 9/11 attacks , and who reported that " a CIA counter - terrorism official twice said that a high - value prisoner or prisoners were being interrogated on the island " — will come as no surprise to those who have been studying the story closely .
The news will , however , be an embarrassment to the US government , which has persistently denied claims that it operated a secret " War on Terror " prison on Diego Garcia , and will be a source of even more consternation to the British government , which is more closely bound than its law - shredding Transatlantic neighbor to international laws and treaties preventing any kind of involvement whatsoever in kidnapping , " extraordinary rendition " and the practice of torture .
This is not the first time that TIME has exposed the existence of a secret prison on Diego Garcia .
In 2003 , the magazine broke the story that Hambali , one of 14 " high - value detainees " transferred to Guantánamo in September 2006 , was being held there , and in the years since confirmation has also come from other sources .
Twice , in 2004 and 2006 , Barry McCaffrey , a retired four - star US general , who is now professor of international security studies at the West Point military academy , revealed the prison ’s existence .
In May 2004 , he blithely declared on MSNBC ’s Deborah Norville Tonight , " We ’re probably holding around 3,000 people , you know , Bagram air field , Diego Garcia , Guantánamo , 16 camps throughout Iraq , " and in December 2006 he spoke out again , saying , in an NPR interview with Robert Siegel , " They ’re behind bars … we ’ve got them on Diego Garcia , in Bagram air field , in Guantánamo . "
The prison ’s existence was also confirmed by Dick Marty , a Swiss senator who produced a detailed report on " extraordinary rendition " for the Council of Europe in June 2007 ( PDF ) and by Manfred Novak , the UN ’s Special Rapporteur on Torture , in March this year .
Having spoken to senior CIA officers during his research , Marty told the European Parliament , " We have received concurring confirmations that United States agencies have used Diego Garcia , which is the international legal responsibility of the UK , in the ‘ processing ’ of high - value detainees , " and Manfred Novak explained to the Observer that " he had received credible evidence from well - placed sources familiar with the situation on the island that detainees were held on Diego Garcia between 2002 and 2003 . "
The penultimate piece of the jigsaw puzzle came in May , when the Spanish newspaper El Pais broke the story that " ghost prisoner " Mustafa Setmariam Nasar , whose current whereabouts are unknown , was imprisoned on the island in 2005 , shortly after his capture in Pakistan — although the English - speaking press failed to notice .
Despite these previous disclosures , TIME ‘s new article , by Adam Zagorin , is particularly striking because of the high - level nature of the source , and his admission that " the CIA officer surprised attendees by volunteering the information , apparently to demonstrate that the agency was doing its best to obtain valuable intelligence . "
In addition , the source noted that " the US may also have kept prisoners on ships within Diego Garcia ’s territorial waters , a contention the US has long denied . "
Zagorin also spoke to Richard Clarke ( at the time the National Security Council ’s Special Advisor to President Bush regarding counter - terrorism ) , who explained , " In my presence , in the White House , the possibility of using Diego Garcia for detaining high value targets was discussed . "
Although Clarke " did not witness a final resolution of the issue , " he added , " Given everything that we know about the administration ’s approach to the law on these matters , I find the report that the US did use the island for detention or interrogation entirely credible , " and he also pointed out that using the island for interrogations or detentions without British permission " is a violation of UK law , as well as of the bi-lateral agreement governing the island . "
Zagorin ’s source did not name the prisoners , but it seems clear that the period he was referring to ( " 2002 and possibly 2003 " ) was when three particular " high - value detainees " —
Abu Zubaydah , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Ramzi bin al - Shibh — are reported to have been held on the island , and it seems entirely plausible , therefore , that after these three were transferred to another secret CIA facility in Poland , the prison was used not only to hold Hambali , but also to hold the two other " high - value detainees " captured with him — Mohammed bin Lep ( aka Lillie ) and Mohd Farik bin Amin ( aka Zubair ) .
The addition of Mustafa Setmariam Nasar , who , it seems , may have been held into 2006 , not only confirms that a secret prison existed , but that it was possibly in use for four years straight .
These damaging revelations seal Diego Garcia ’s reputation as a quagmire of injustice .
A British sovereign territory — albeit one that was leased to the United States nearly 40 years ago , when the islanders were shamefully discarded by the British government and exiled to face destitution and death by misery in Mauritius — Diego Garcia has long been a source of shame to opponents of modern colonial activity .
Until now , however , the only admission that any activities connected with the " War on Terror " had taken place on the island came in February , when , after years of denials on the part of the British government , David Miliband , the Foreign Secretary , finally conceded that requests for information from his US counterparts had revealed that , in 2002 , two rendition flights had refuelled on the island .
" In both cases , " Miliband stated with confidence , " a US plane with a single detainee on board refuelled at the US facility in Diego Garcia .
The detainees did not leave the plane , and the US Government has assured us that no US detainees have ever been held on Diego Garcia . "
The British government had been provoked to action by critics within the UK , in particular the All - Party Parliamentary Group on Extraordinary Rendition , led by the Tory MP Andrew Tyrie , and the legal action charity Reprieve , which represents 30 prisoners in Guantánamo , but the story appeared to grind to a halt when Michael Hayden , the CIA ’s director , stepped forward to deny that Diego Garcia had ever been used as a " War on Terror " prison .
" That is false , " Gen .
Hayden said when asked if a secret prison had existed on Diego Garcia , adding , as the New York Times put it , that " neither of the two detainees carried aboard the rendition flights that refuelled at Diego Garcia ‘ was ever part of the CIA ’s high - value terrorist interrogation program . ’"
He also explained that one of the detainees " was ultimately transferred to Guantánamo , " while the other " was returned to his home country , " which was identified by State Department officials as Morocco .
" These were rendition operations , " he added , " nothing more . "
Four weeks ago , however , the story resurfaced once more , as David Miliband reported the results of his latest request for information from his US counterparts .
This concerned a list of rendition flights , which , in the opinion of Reprieve and the All - Party Parliamentary Group , may also have passed through British territory , but the Foreign Secretary was confident that there was no further evidence to be mined , stating , " The United States Government confirmed that , with the exception of two cases related to Diego Garcia in 2002 , there have been no other instances in which US intelligence flights landed in the United Kingdom , our Overseas Territories , or the Crown Dependencies , with a detainee on board since 11 September 2001 . "
Yet again , the assurances of his US colleagues did nothing to assuage the critics .
Reprieve noted that the British government " intentionally failed to ask the right questions of the US , and accepted implausible US assurances at face value , " and added , presciently , " This remains a transatlantic cover - up of epic proportions .
While the British government seems content to accept whatever nonsense it is fed by its US allies , the sordid truth about Diego Garcia ’s central role in the unjust rendition and detention of prisoners in the so - called ‘ War on Terror ’ can not be hidden forever . "
Just three days after David Miliband ’s last attempt to draw a line under the story , the British Foreign Affairs Select Committee published its latest report on the British Overseas Territories ( PDF ) , and was scathing about Diego Garcia , declaring that " it is deplorable that previous US assurances about rendition flights have turned out to be false .
The failure of the United States Administration to tell the truth resulted in the UK Government inadvertently misleading our Select Committee and the House of Commons .
We intend to examine further the extent of UK supervision of US activities on Diego Garcia , including all flights and ships serviced from Diego Garcia . "
Of course , the latest revelations — from the heart of the White House war machine — leave the US administration looking like bald - faced liars and the British government looking like myopic dupes .
Whether Michael Hayden was also duped is not known , but his strenuous denial , just five months ago , that a secret prison existed , which was manned by his own employees , will do nothing for the credibility of the US administration , which likes to pretend that it does not torture and has nothing to conceal , but is persistently discovered not only being economical with the truth , but also behaving exactly as though it has guilty secrets to hide .
Whether this scandal will awaken much indignation in the American public remains to be seen , but it is hugely damaging to the British government , which is legally responsible for the activities that take place on its territory , however much it likes to hide behind " assurances " from its leaseholders that they have done nothing wrong .
It scarcely seems possible , but Diego Garcia ’s dark history has suddenly grown even darker .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
No More NATO Members
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
Before the US House of Representatives , statement on H Res 997 , expressing the strong support of the House of Representatives for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to enter into a Membership Action Plan with Georgia and Ukraine , April 1 , 2008
Mr. Speaker , I rise in opposition to this resolution calling for the further expansion of NATO to the borders of Russia .
NATO is an organization whose purpose ended with the end of its Warsaw Pact adversary .
When NATO struggled to define its future after the Cold War , it settled on attacking a sovereign state , Yugoslavia , which had neither invaded nor threatened any NATO member state .
This current round of NATO expansion is a political reward to governments in Georgia and Ukraine that came to power as a result of US - supported revolutions , the so - called Orange Revolution and Rose Revolution .
The governments that arose from these street protests were eager to please their US sponsor and the US , in turn , turned a blind eye to the numerous political and human rights abuses that took place under the new regimes .
Thus the US policy of exporting democracy  has only succeeding in exporting more misery to the countries it has targeted .
NATO expansion only benefits the US military industrial complex , which stands to profit from expanded arms sales to new NATO members .
The modernization of former Soviet militaries in Ukraine and Georgia will mean tens of millions in sales to US and European military contractors .
The US taxpayer will be left holding the bill , as the US government will subsidize most of the transactions .
Providing US military guarantees to Ukraine and Georgia can only further strain our military .
This NATO expansion may well involve the US military in conflicts as unrelated to our national interest as the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia in Georgia .
The idea that American troops might be forced to fight and die to prevent a small section of Georgia from seceding is absurd and disturbing .
Mr. Speaker , NATO should be disbanded , not expanded .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Colbert : Justice Department says torture is in the eye of the beholder David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday July 30 , 2008
Print This Email This " There has n't been a terrorist attack on US soil in seven years , which means we 're in more danger than ever , " warned Stephen Colbert on Tuesday 's Colbert Report .
" It 's like a slot machine that has n't paid out in months .
We 've already crammed billions of dollars -- and the Constitution -- into it , so it 's due .
We must use every tool to keep America safe . "
" That includes what I call ' enhanced interrogation techniques ' -- for the same reason I call hitting cyclists with my car an ' enhanced turn signal , ' " he continued .
" Some people out there call this torture .
Luckily , the Bush administration does n't . "
Colbert explained that the Justice Department recently released a heavily - redacted August 2002 memo on torture .
" It says that an interrogator cannot be prosecuted for torture if he acted with 'an honest belief that his actions will not result in severe pain or suffering . ' "
" This proves the administration does respect human rights -- the human rights of interrogators , " insisted Colbert .
" Torture is illegal , and our interrogators need assurance that they 're not going to end up in prison over some obscure legal loophole .
This memo protects them by saying torture is all in the eye of the beholder . "
" This memo is good news for everyone , " he went on .
" It ends torture by helping people believe that they 've never done it .
...
If your honest belief is wavering , just remember what the president said , ' The United States does not torture . '
So , by definition , anything you do is not torture . "
" So I say , go medieval , and do not worry if it 's unreasonable to honestly believe you 're not inflicting severe pain , " he advised , citing a statement in the Justice Department memo that " honest belief need not be reasonable . "
" Luckily , there are plenty of people willing to save America by honestly believing the unreasonable , " Colbert concluded , putting up a picture of Bush and Cheney .
" And some of them will be looking for jobs come January 20 . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Colbert Report , broadcast July 29 , 2008 .
Download video
Apple Corporation CEO
Steve Jobs speaks about enhanced language support during his keynote speech at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco , California June 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kimberly
White
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. consumers who want the new iPhone but cannot or do not want to sign up for a two - year contract with AT&T Inc will eventually be able to buy it for an extra $ 400 .
Apple Inc has said the new iPhone will go on sale July 11 at $ 199 for the model with 8 gigabytes of storage and $ 299 for the 16 - gigabyte version .
These prices apply to customers signing up for a two - year AT&T contract .
Those who do n’t want to be locked into such a contract , or do not have adequate credit , can buy the iPhone for $ 599 or $ 699 as long as they sign up for some kind of AT&T wireless subscription , AT&T said on Tuesday .
An AT&T spokesman could not yet say when that option would become available .
Report from 33d International Geology Congress
( or far more than you want to know about geology meetings and Norway )
Charles A. S. Hall
I was invited to attend present at a plenary session of the above meeting in Oslo Norway and since they paid for my flight , a week 's hotel in Oslo , the meeting registration and some incidentals I decided to go .
My wife Myrna came with me and we have now been in Norway for about two weeks .
If you are interested in the details of this huge meeting you can go to www.33igc.org.
This report is one person 's summary of a number of issues .
1 ) The meeting was huge ( 6,500 papers , usually a dozen congruent sessions at any one time ) .
I was initially attracted to the idea of speaking before 6000 geologists from 170 countries ) but in fact there were a dozen sessions even during most plenaries so there was in fact maybe 200 at my session , which was not bad by most de facto plenary standards .
2 ) The sessions were at Lillestrom , about 15 minutes by fast train from downtown Oslo .
Given the size of the meeting the organization was superb , except that it was necessary to know in advance , which few people did , how to read the " roadmaps " to find the sessions either conceptually or physically .
I found myself each evening reading all titles trying to find those that were interesting to me .
3 ) Most sessions were about the minutia of a very diverse and well established field .
These were usually less interesting to me than the titles led me to believe , but a few were great .
This is as usual with any meeting .
I had lots of fun meeting people from all over he world with a common interesting science .
4 ) Each day had a plenary session of general interest : biodiversity , climate , mineral abundance , energy etc .
I stayed all day in the climate and energy sessions ( I gave a paper in the latter , and asked many questions , as usual ) , and much of the minerals .
5 ) It became clear that most geologists are not particularly interested professionally in oil or minerals except as they may provide funds for their own research .
On the other hand a lot of geological research was very well funded compared to what I am used to seeing --- obviously society has a direct interest in funding geology , unlike lots of other sciences , because money can be made from its activity , due to direct or indirect application of the results .
6 ) I went to excellent ( although perhaps predicable , although for this " new " audience that is fine ) papers by Colin Campbell and Jean Laherrere , and spent a lot of great time with them at the meetings and dinners .
I was pleased to see how relaxed and funny Jean was , something I had not seen before .
To my amazement here was Colin Campbell , maybe with one of the world 's most important geological ideas , and only 30 people were at his session !
Likewise Jean .
The general community of geologists do not have a clue about peak oil .
They may not have their head stuck in the sand , but they do appear to have their head stuck in the rocks !
7 ) The two best papers ( in my opinion at least ) I went to were each in the smaller sessions , not the plenary , which were often rather broad , not especially new to me and often extremely contentious .
The ones I particularly liked were by Jim Harris who spoke about making a model of oil formation , or rather the formation of the potential for source rocks ( vs the " trap rocks " that collect perhaps one percent of the oil that is formed and that serve as our oil sources .
This model was a marvelous " systems " project and included continental drift , paleoclimate driven by the British Hadley climate model , paleo ocean currents and so on all of which would generate better or worse conditions for river runoff ( with nutrients and sediments , in turn influencing phytoplankton production ) , benthic oxygen levels and so on ( I learned that absolute anoxia is not needed to form oil but low oxygen levels is ) , and temperatures ( you need at least 15 C , thus Harris believes that much of the arctic -- where not continentally drifted -- will not produce too much oil ) .
Then he ran a dynamic simulation from say 150 to 90 million years ago ( when most oil was formed ) with continents tooling around the world , climates warming and cooling , precipitating and not , rivers washing nutrients and sediments around and so on , phytoplankton blooming or not and settling into ocean basins etc. etc .
The end result was the formation of the percent carbon in the sediments , and then these were oxidized or not , or washed away by ocean currents or not .
All very complex but presented with beautiful dynamic software .
He then predicted where the oil would be in e.g. Northern South America , and compared that with where in fact we have found it .
Assuming he has not cheated ( I am pretty sure he has not ) it was a VERY impressive presentation with a wonderful " systems " view and wonderful 3 and 4D graphics .
C. Fratelli and others in this session also gave very interesting presentations .
8 ) The second really impressive presentation for me was by Paul Nadeau .
I was sitting next to Colin Campbell and Jean Laherrere and Colin said " Watch this , this will be great " and afterwards Jean said " That was truly wonderful ( as did Charlie ) .
His paper was about the " golden zone " , a layer in the earth characterized by temperatures of from 60 to 120 degrees C within which 90 + percent of oil has been found and 80 plus percent of gas .
But this layer is found at different depths , deeper ( ?4000 meters ) in the North Sea and shallower at ( 1000 M ) off of , for example , Mumbai , India .
Most of the exploration and test drilling near Mumbai ( or Bombay ) was at the wrong depth , too deep !
( Although I do n't know why they did not hit oil on the way down ) .
This shows clearly that we have explored most of the " sweet spots " in the earth -- not by understanding the golden zone concept but empirically -- and is I think further evidence that we are unlikely to find too much additional oil by e.g. drilling deeper where we have already found oil .
The paper was clear , critically important , extremely interesting and I though beautifully presented .
9 ) The plenaries , especially the climate session and somewhat the energy sessions , were designed for a more general scientific audience .
They tended to be moderately interesting , optimistic about resources and technology and often extremely contentious .
About two thirds of the presenters and question - askers were hostile to , even dismissive of , the IPCC ( International panel on climate change ) and the idea that the Earth 's climate was responding to human influences .
This was rather shocking to me who knows of several other such scientists but had no idea there were so many .
They talked about Milankovich Cycles of course , but also sunspot cycles and other possible climate forcings .
These were linked to some pretty bizarre ( to me ) ways of influencing the climate : e.g. making cloud condensation nuclei through ionizing radiation from sun spots or slowing or speeding the Earth 's rate of spin in response to cosmic rays .
These were apparently very serious scientists but presented far more correlation than clear and convincing mechanism , at least I thought .
An atmospheric physicist sitting next to me said that there was no correlation between cosmic rays and clouds as he had made all the measurements .
The IPCC folks were adamant that there model was built on first principles , could reproduce past changes in climate and was making proper predictions .
The plenary had at the end a " debate " but it was really two ships passing in the might --- each side presented its arguments –usually using different types of logic , often arrogantly , and said the other side could not possible be right .
The moderators could have done us all a service by guiding the debate to specific issues " what do each of you think about sun spot correlations even when their effect appears trivial " but that did not happen .
10 ) I could not at first figure out why there was so much hostility between the two climate groups .
At first I thought it empiricists vs modelers , although each group was somewhat mixed .
Then I concluded that it is the geologists , used to studying constant climate change over very long time periods of Earth 's history , who think that basically the climate of the earth is always changing due to various forcings , and what 's the big deal now ?
The IPCCers respond that the Earth has never seen CO2 levels such as we are headed for and that the CO2 changes produce a strong enough signal to change the climate .
And on and on .
John Holdren has recently prepared a point by point response to the anti IPCCers which I will try to send out .
Then we can expect a rebuttal to that and so on .
11 ) The mineral and energy plenaries were mostly about how although there were some serious supply issues that new technologies were finding marvelous new reserves of copper , oil ( except there were no new fields named ) and so on .
Each presenter tended to argue that all we needed was more money for geological exploration , more or fewer free markets , even higher prices and so on .
The only real antidote to this , other than good presentations such as by Jeremy Leggett on climate impacts and the need for solar , was Charlie 's arguments that most of this new technology was extraordinarily energy intensive ( arctic minerals for one example ) so that it did not matter how much e.g. oil was left in the ground because we were relatively rapidly approaching the point where it took a barrel of oil to find and develop a barrel of oil .
Similar arguments are applicable to finding the next ton of copper and so on .
While no one countered these arguments and all agreed that the dollar cost of producing energy and other minerals was escalating rapidly it was clear that most were so brainwashed to think in terms of monetary costs few thought much about energy costs and few thought of them as having profound limiting consequences .
I thought my own talk was pretty good but rushed as a half hour was not enough time ( or I should have had fewer slides ) .
The same talk , given a week later at the University of Bergen to a graduate student and professor audience at their institute of Systems Dynamics ( a very cool place ) went much better as I had time to develop the concepts better .
But a fair number of people at the conference came up to me after words and thanked me for a needed , fresh or different approach different from most of the tenor of the meeting .
I will mail out a paper related to this talk very soon as it has just been published .
Bergen , Norway
NORWAY
After the meeting my wife and I tool an extremely nice trip from Oslo to Myrdahl to Flam ( one of the worlds incredible train journeys for sure to a place far into the fjord called Fjaerland ( also known as Mundal and from which Vice President Mondale 's ancestors once came ) .
We took the glacier bus tour ( my wife models glaciers and yes , Jostedalsbreen too , Europe 's largest , is melting back in recent years and a whole lot since 1900 ) .
I then had a marvelous half day trout fishing with Ivar .
Then the next day we climbed to the top ( sort of ) of a 1000 meter mountain and today I can hardly walk .
We also visited the Viking ship and polar exploration museums in Oslo and the glacier museum in Fjaerland and all were amazing to see .
Probably the glacier museum was the very best as you went form room to room representing different past epochs of the region .
In all of this travel I was very impressed with what a difference petroleum makes to Norway .
In the fjords the grass -> sheep or grass -> cattle link was key to any productivity now or in the past ( excluding the phytoplankton -> fish chains ) .
The areas along the steep fjords where grass could be grown were usually very very limited , as were the grazing animals .
I watched in Fjaerland as two farmers with two medium sized specialized tractors took previously - cut hay , rolled them up into big round bales , and then with a different tractor wrapped them in plastic with a touch of a button .
I compared this with the procedures given in a book my wife was reading ( " Out stealing horses " ) and the pictures in an exhibition of photographs from the turn of the last century by Knud Knudson where entire families were out piling hay on wooden racks to dry .
I thought those two farmers in an hour probably put up more hay for the winter than a whole family would in a summer in 1900 .
We also had gone to the Viking ship exhibition in Oslo and I guess you could see why the became raiders because the land was so un productive .
But a thousand years ago Vikings became Christians , stopped raiding and have been extremely peaceful since .
I , who usually think that religion leads to wars , had to see this as an important counter example to my usual thoughts .
Finally we went to Bergen which may be the most beautiful city we have seen .
In contrast to Oslo which has ugly new buildings on the waterfront Bergen keeps its city core mostly the old Hanseatic buildings or 18th century lovely housing .
The people at the Systems dynamics program of the University were very welcoming and seemed to respond well to the same lecture I gave at the geologists meeting .
Both Myrna and I found Norway an extremely lovely , civilized and interesting place to visit , the only problem being that everything is two to three times the price of the equivalent in the U.S. BUT , although beers in a restaurant were eleven dollars the students in the Systems Dynamics program , whether from Norway , the developing world or even my own former students Billy and Bobby , pay NO tuition .
Maybe that makes a lot of sense .
Charlie
The Glasgow Herald 's veteran political correspondent Iain McWhirter wonders wtf is wrong with America , that John McCain is actually level with Obama in the polls .
A lot of Europeans are wondering the same thing .
It seems incredible , but as the Democrats gather in Denver to anoint Barack Obama , America could be on course to re-elect a Republican as their President .
Not just any Republican either , but a belligerent 71 - year - old who can't remember how many houses he owns , would happily nuke Iran and whose answer to global warming is to drill for oil in environmentally sensitive areas off the coast of America which do n't even have much oil .
But according to the polls , John McCain is drawing level with Barack Obama , and even pulling ahead .
Really , America is a strange , strange country .
After a disastrous and illegal war , in which 4000 American soldiers have died , in the middle of an economic crisis largely caused by the investment houses that finance the Republican party , you would have thought it almost inconceivable that the Republicans could be re-elected .
Could any political brand be more toxic ?
Has any party in history deserved to be thrown out at an election more than the Republicans in 2008 ?
...
Yet enough American voters believe that John McCain might have the answers for him to become a serious contender .
Which is scary .
McCain is not an unknown quantity - he is a highly excitable politician with a notoriously short temper , who would bring his impetuous and confrontational style into American foreign policy .
With the world entering a global economic slump , and old enmities raging in Europe , John McCain as President would be like a flamethrower in a fireworks factory .
It is scary - and Obama has to take a fair chunk of the blame .
He 's seemed flat since the exhausting primary race ( here 's hoping he does better at the convention ) and although his campaign actually has a decent set of detailed policies , he 's been awful at articulating them .
Good on the inspirational rhetoric , crap on getting down in the weeds and it's left him looking like , as the right likes to put it , an " empty suit " .
Maybe Biden will help there - even when I 've disagreed with him on policy , Joe 's been adept at putting detailed policies into easy to swallow forms that do n't obscure that there is detail there .
But McWhirter points to the major reason a McCain presidency is scary :
I got an insight into the McCain worldview last week at the Edinburgh Book Festival in a session I did with Robert Kagan , McCain 's leading foreign affairs adviser , and author of The Return of History and the End of Dreams .
The good news is that the war against terror is past tense , it seems , because he did n't mention al Qaeda once .
The bad news is that America might be about to revisit , not the cold war , but the era of nineteenth - century great power rivalry , which is how Kagan characterised the current state of international affairs .
He believes the great faultline is between America and an axis of authoritarianism represented by China and Russia .
There is a new era of geopolitical confrontation , according to Kagan , as Russia re-arms and China builds the biggest army in the world .
America has to step up .
" The future international order will be shaped , " he says , " by those who have the power and the collective will to shape it . "
No prizes for guessing whether John McCain is up to the military challenge .
Europe , which Kagan dismissed as an irrelevant entity in the new world of hard power , would get trampled in the rush .
That 's basically an admission from Kagan that a McCain foreign policy would consist entirely of looking for reasons to fight with Russia and China .
The neocons finally have their wet dream .
No longer do they have to hype up a bunch of ragtag misfits hanging out in Pakistan 's wilds or an " existential threat " from Iran that is anything but .
They 've got an enemy worthy of their ideology , their notion that America shows itself best when in a war for its very existence .
They want to take on the two largest rival military powers in the world , both at once .
And they do n't want to do it by diplomacy , containment or any of that other pantywaist stuff .
Oh no - they 're want to use " hard power ' - that 's a euphemism for war , folks - and they believe McCain is just the angry old duffer they can lead by the nose into providing it .
" Scary " does n't even begin to describe it .
Completely batshit insane would be better .
In case anyone does n't remember , the era of nineteenth - century great power rivalry led directly to the Great War and WW2 , the first of which began over a tiny incident that lit the fuse on the powderkeg .
How comforting is it to know that , under a McCain presidency , the neocons would actively go looking for a new spark ?
( Crossposted from Newshoggers )
In a letter to his campaign manager , dated Oct. 26 , 1904 , Roosevelt said : “ I must ask you to direct that the money be returned to them forthwith . ”
As Roosevelt saw it : “ We cannot under any circumstances afford to take a contribution which can be even improperly construed as putting us under an improper obligation . ”
That kind of thinking is long gone , from both parties .
Barack Obama , as well as Senator McCain , has taken contributions from oil industry executives .
But what is telling about this particular difference between Teddy Roosevelt and John McCain is that it is so illustrative of what Roosevelt was really about , and how fundamentally different that was from what Senator McCain and the latter - day Republican Party is about .
“ The truth of the matter is that Roosevelt today would be on the left , ” said Mr. Brinkley , who is writing a biography of the former president titled “ The Wilderness Warrior : Theodore Roosevelt ’s and the Crusade for America . ”
Roosevelt believed passionately in regulating industry and curbing the excesses of the great corporations .
He favored the imposition of an inheritance tax and fought his party ’s increasing tendency to cater to the very wealthy .
And , of course , he was a ferocious protector of the environment .
Image Bob Herbert
Roosevelt was known as the “ trust - buster , ” but it was in the area of environmental conservation that he really made his mark .
Mr. Brinkley , in a draft preface to the biography , tells how a number of bird species in the U.S. were headed for extinction as the 20th century approached , in large part because of the popularity of feathered hats for women .
If you travel south along route 17 , you 'll pass through the cerebral outskirts of Wilmington , NC , on to the bright , neon - lit carnival of Myrtle Beach , and eventually to two charming towns that have come to represent southern hospitality at its most luxurious and cosmopolitan .
In many ways , Charleston and Savannah stem from the same Oak branch .
Both have a rich military history and honor their Confederate heroes with sculptures and moss - covered square parks .
Both revel in the claim that ghostly spirits haunt their city blocks and public buildings .
But when it comes to gastronomy , the two towns are remarkably different .
Lowcountry cuisine is usually described as a mélange of Cajun and coastal foods with direct African and Caribbean influences .
Sea fare from the estuaries is a staple , along with grits , creamy stews , and plenty of meat over rice .
These variations on country cooking or what you 'd call " soul food " in New York City , do n't seem like they make for haute cuisine , but you would be surprised just how sophisticated the restaurant culture has become down in the marshlands .
Over the past decade , Charleston has established itself as a hotspot for aspiring chefs and a destination for foodies everywhere .
Neighborhood restaurants like The Hominy Grill and Momma Brown 's Barbeque are being challenged by more elegant locales .
FIG , whose name stems from Food Is Good , calls itself a neighborhood bistro .
But while vinegary pulled pork and black - eyed peas play a crucial role in other Charleston shops , you wo n't find them here .
From his cooking experience in New Orleans and in - house research at some of Southern France 's finest restaurants , executive chef Mike Lata brings a creative and resourceful approach to FIG 's menu .
Side dishes consist of pan-cooked cauliflower and some of the most delicious roasted beets you 'll ever taste .
The two variations of beets , one dark and robust , the other lighter colored and slightly sweeter , are cut up in bite - sized cubes , doused in a sherry vinegar and both baked and pan roasted to create a firm exterior with a delicate inside .
Other appetizers include an airy yet decadent , chicken liver pate that 's bolstered by a substantial amount of pork fat .
Served on toasted brioche with pickled peaches ( which are tangy more than anything else ) and sliced radishes , the pate adds a little European flare to its regional assets .
Thankfully a lot of these new sit - down spots are n't completely abandoning Lowcountry 's heartier inclinations .
At Slightly North Of Broad , you can find the most laid - back , unpretentious power lunch imaginable .
Fried chicken livers over grits or Shrimp on grits are two of the more popular items here , and they are absolutely delicious .
One key to fully flavoring your grits is to add a substantial amount of broth .
When the grits are served they may seem soupy for a moment , but by the end of the meal , the broth will have been completely absorbed by the grains and retain with it all the flavor .
Since the enormous success of John Berendt 's Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil , Savannah , GA has seen a boom in tourism .
It 's no longer the swampy , soporific ghost town just south of the state border .
Savannah 's cuisine is not nearly as self - conscious as that in Charleston .
Ties are n't required , nor bow ties for that matter .
And while the food may be less flashy , it still packs a flavorful punch .
Driving into Georgia , I figured I would be eating variation upon variation of peach dessert .
But as I was so abruptly informed by a waitress at the Firefly Cafe in Savannah , " Peaches are actually kind of a South Carolina thing . "
So what was the alternative in the Peach state ?
Banana pudding of course !
Banana pudding sounds very simple to make , and the truth is that it is .
The most instrumental decision is choosing between instant pudding and custard .
You 'll find that the custard provides a more full flavor that is n't overpowered by the sugary wafers on top .
But in the end it does n't matter .
As long as slices of banana and wafer are mixed throughout the dish , and it 's properly chilled , you 'll have yourself an excellent summertime snack .
Some of the best banana pudding I had was at Barnes bbq in Savannah .
Barnes is a place that does n't fit the preliminary criteria for most bbq connoisseurs .
The storefront has too many windows and it's open more than just Thursday through Sunday .
But when it comes to hush puppies and banana pudding , Barnes has it just right .
Another Savannah favorite is the Crab Shack , a deliriously kitschy seafood joint out near Tybee Island .
The Crab Shack is kind of a sideshow , featuring live crocs , Christmas lights , and large trees that grow through holes in the patio .
Their starter plate features crawfish , snow crab claws , mussels , and other assorted fruits de mer .
They also offer seafood au gratin , complete with crabmeat and small shrimp that 's served with crackers for dipping .
Clearly , the cuisine is more low key .
There are no bells and whistles , simply regional dishes with all the glitz and fanfare hanging on the branches above .
Southern American country cooking is often treated as a unified cuisine .
People tend to forget that in its purest form , it is influenced by a handful of cultures -- from the people of the Gullah islands to the French immigrants just west of Georgia .
And now , with even more cross-fertilization , the regional cuisine is continuing to transform .
Just one visit to Savannah and Charleston explains that transformation .
Who knew Lowcountry could be so complex .
The technology boom was characterized by high rates of investment spending , and although the final push that followed the Asian Financial Crisis saw plenty of excess , one could reasonably argue that the capital inflow was supporting investment spending .
This , of course , is the traditional textbook interpretation of a current account deficit / capital account surplus as a mirror of an internal saving and investment imbalance .
I recall one person , however , who was not so convinced .
His name also escapes me , but I am pretty sure he was real .
He worked for a conservative think tank , and was diligently writing a book on the US trade deficit .
I recall attending two think sessions that he organized for people in the policy community to comment on his results , many of which were pretty standard criticisms of sustained , large external imbalances .
But I do remember one important distinction – he had the temerity to suggest that those capital inflows were not just supporting investment , but were supporting household consumption .
Someone ( just to prove I remember something , I am almost certain I could testify in court that it was Catherine Mann , who at that time was at the Institute for International Economics ) , challenged this , noting that it ran against traditional wisdom .
I will never forget his response : Banks are busy refinancing mortgages , explicitly encouraging homeowners to withdraw equity in the process .
These mortgages are then packaged up into mortgage packed securities and sold to overseas investors .
In other words , he drew a direct link from an investor in say Zurich to the guy down the street buying a new TV .
This insight came in 1999 or 2000 .
Maybe 2001 .
The year is not that important , it was simply a long time before most people caught on to this dynamic .
Following the money can lead you to unexpected places .
The point of these stories is that while we know capital is flowing into the US , we do n’t always know where it will end up ; I am not convinced it even has to stay in the US .
Since 1980 , those capital inflows can be tied to government deficit spending , investment spending , and household consumption .
So I now characterize the US current account deficit as simply reflecting an excess of consumption over productive capacities , while often remaining agnostic as to the ultimate demanders – firms , households , or the government – of that consumption .
That excess consumption , regardless of the demander , will put a strain on global resources if the rest of the world is unwilling or unable to provide for it .
In the comments to my last piece , Bill Connerly essentially notes that I am using the term consumption loosely as it typically refers specifically to the activities of households :
Tim 's comment that we consume more than we produce is not true .
We consume plus invest more than we produce .
One could just as easily argue that we invest too much as that we consume too much .
And yet , we do n't mind countries running a trade deficit in order to invest .
The U.S. did that in much of the 19th century with pretty good results .
I am wary of the view that capital inflows are simply an innocuous side effect of an effort to sustain high levels of investment spending .
This may be true as a general rule in a world of largely private direct investment .
But in a world of hot money flows ?
And flows directly tied to household spending ?
And as Brad Setser has repeatedly warned us , the vast majority of the net inflows are from the official sector , which clearly has a non-investment objective .
Indeed , foreign capital is still being funneled directly to households , just via US Treasury debt rather than mortgage debt .
So , if we follow the money , where does that lead us ?
Everyone wants to know the answer to that question .
I think that it will be difficult for capital inflows to gain traction in the US , essentially the same problem left in the wake of the 2001 recession .
Lacking that traction , the money seems to be flowing into commodities .
To halt the rise in commodity prices , I suspect that either global monetary policymakers needs to tighten meaningfully or , what I think the Fed is hoping for , the money will spontaneously shift to another , less inconvenient direction , optimally some real , productivity enhancing form of investment .
Until we see one of those outcomes , I tend to fall back on that old Wall Street truism : The Trend is Your Friend .
Which is why , as I was leaving for vacation just before the market close , I was not surprised to see oil hovering around $ 145 and , as also noted at Across the Curve , the 10 - years TIPS breakeven had broken out to 261 bp .
All on the back of a weak , weak jobs report .
Template : Merge
The substantive and procedural laws of Cuba were based on the Spanish Civil laws and were influenced by the principles of Marxism - Leninism after that philosophy became the guiding force of government .
Contents show ]
Principle of equality Edit
Cuban law is dedicated to advancing equality among the Cuban populations .
Substantive and procedural law Edit
Family law Edit
Criminal law Edit
Cuba 's criminal code was based on Spanish law until 1956
Controversial portions of Cuba 's criminal code include vague provisions providing for the arrest of persons committing anti-revolutionary acts .
Cuban criminal procedure has come under fire from critics for engaging in summary procedures .
Private property Edit
Cuba has laws protecting private property and ownership of individual property .
Cuba has the highest rate of home ownership in the Western hemisphere .
Cuban law regarding private property has been heavily criticized as offering little to no protection to private property .
In 1992 , in response to the Special Period , the Cuban constitution was changed to authorize the limited existence of joint ventures and corporations .
Cuba law also permits the collective ownership of agricultural cooperatives .
Economic regulation Edit
Cuba 's laws provide for strong government regulation of the economy in almost all of its facets .
See also Edit
References Edit
" Law and Society in Contemporary Cuba " ( Second Edition ) , by Debra Evenson .
Published by Kluwer Law International ; The Hague , Netherlands , 2003 .
Available for purchase through Aspen Publishers , Inc. ( www.aspenpublishers.com)
http://www.ruleoflawandcuba.fsu.edu/
( The webpage for a program dedicated to the study of the Rule of Law in contemporary Cuba .
Includes links to the Cuban Penal Code and Cuban Constitution in Spanish .
There are many Spanish - language links about dissidents arrested in 2003 crackdown .
Some of the documents have been translated to English . )
http://edis.ifas.ufl.edu/FE481
( Informative page on Agrarian Reform in Cuba after 1959 )
http://www.cubanet.org/ref/dis/const_92_e.htm
( Text of current Cuban Constitution .
Note :
This is the 1992 Version , and is without the 2002 amendment making socialism the permanent form of government ) .
Template : North America in topic
How does MPS Work ?
To make sure consumers registered on the MPS are not sent the mailing , the prospect mailing list is cleaned against the MPS file .
If there is a match between a consumer ’s name and address on the mailing list and on the MPS the company knows not to send the mailing to that consumer .
It saves companies money not to contact people who have indicated they are not interested in receiving mail .
You can have personal finance articles such as this one delivered directly to your email , automatically - Receive regular updates via email .
Alternatively , you can receive updates via your favorite RSS Reader - Alternatively , you can receive updates via your favorite RSS Reader - Receive regular updates via RSS Reader
Memorial Day Weekend is almost over .
Are you satisfied with however much money you spent for it ?
$ 4 gas prices have significantly affected people ’s spending habits in a way that hitting the $ 3 mark did n’t , Marketwatch says .
There are articles all over describing how people have been trying to save money on Memorial Day weekend –though not always by canceling plans .
“ You ca n’t make financial decisions based on happiness , ” said a man whose family used their economic stimulus refund to fund their family gathering ( but decided not to buy steak for it ) .
Money may not buy happiness per se , but it can buy some things that will make you happy–a plane ticket to see your family , or food for a birthday party , or that painting you ’ve been wanting for your bedroom .
And , of course , money also supplies the necessities of life–food , clothes , medication –without which we find it harder to be happy .
The problem comes in defining and obeying the line between discretionary spending ( luxuries ) and autonomous spending ( necessities ) – particularly if you are used to a certain level of discretionary spending and are finding yourself required to reduce it .
Many Americans are these days , between rising food and gas costs and concerns about employment .
( However , the Bureau of Labor Statistics recently stated that while retail and manufacturing jobs are decreasing , healthcare and technical jobs are increasing . )
I ’m having that problem in my own household ; my husband lost his job and since he ’s a teacher , he wo n’t have another until fall , so we ’ve been temporarily reduced to living on my income .
It ’s been hard to remember that we ca n’t afford to go out to eat , or to get that cookbook I have my eye on .
We can in the fall , but I ’m not used to having to wait .
In fact , having a privilege removed is called positive punishment in cognitive psychology –a positive aspect of your life is taken away .
( Negative punishment means something negative has been added .
Conversely , positive reinforcement means something positive has been added ; negative reinforcement means something negative is removed . )
Even though I have n’t done anything to deserve it , I feel punished –and that ’s perfectly normal .
But it ’s not useful for my financial situation .
The key for me , and for other people in similar situations , is to try not to feel injured , because injury suggests a need to return to the previous state , and for someone with a reduced income that ’s exactly the wrong response .
Instead , we need to be active in making the new state , as much as possible , our new “ normal ” state .
That ’s easy to say , but harder to do , of course .
It takes work to build new behaviors , and sometimes what we need are shortcuts .
What can you do if you ’re having problems with that line between luxuries and necessities ?
Here are some ideas :
List all your expenses –not just monthly bills , but everything you spend money on : oil changes , salon visits , Girl Scout cookie orders , weekly bar tabs .
Decide what you do n’t truly need to spend money on .
Draw up a budget .
If you find it useful , keep a running sum of what you spend each month in each category .
Tack that list–or a summary of your income and your discretionary income–up on a wall where it ’s easy to see if you ’re tempted to make a purchase you know you should n’t .
Maintain two bank accounts : one for necessities , one for luxuries .
When your paycheck comes , put money into necessities first and never use it for anything else .
( For extra boundary - building , open them in different banks so that it ’s not easy to transfer money from one to the other . )
Withdraw your discretionary income in cash , and only pay for “ fun ” in cash .
Work on ways to increase your income or effective income : grow a garden , pick up a paper route , sell handcrafted items , have a garage sale .
Be Sociable , Share !
Tags : discretionary spending , Psychology , spending habits
Cooley Into Top 25 of Jersey Sales
Cooley jerseys rising .
( By Preston Keres - TWP )
At the time of his death , Sean Taylor was the owner of the most popular Washington Redskins jersey , which was n't enough to put him in the top 25 of NFL players , according to NFLShop.com numbers at the time .
( Although the post - tragedy spike in his sales did briefly move Taylor into the Top 25 . )
So it seemed odd that , as of a few months ago , the Redskins -- the second - most valuable franchise in the NFL , with a string of sellouts stretching back to the Mesozoic Era -- still had zero players on the Top 25 list of NFL jersey popularity .
Well , that was in late June , and a lot can happen between late June and late August , the closing date of the most recent NFLShop.com numbers .
In particular , Jason Taylor can get traded to D.C. , immediately moving into the final spot of the Top 25 .
And even more remarkably , Chris Cooley can become the NFL 's most entertaining player / blogger , shooting up to 19th on this list and making him the second - most popular tight end in the league and the most popular Redskin , at least according to online jersey sales .
Six teams have multiple players on this latest list ; half those teams are from the NFC East .
In fact , the Cowboys ( five ) , Giants ( three ) , Redskins ( two ) and Eagles ( one ) combined to put 11 players in the Top 25 ; no other division had more than three players on the list .
I 've argued that Clinton Portis and Cooley are the most popular Redskins , but maybe I 'm wrong .
Is Taylor actually the second - most popular Redskin ?
Or maybe LaRon Landry ?
Santana Moss ?
But the main point is , Cooley is tops .
So if you do n't think having an entertaining , informative and occasionally controversial blog can help boost your jersey sales , cast on eye at Chocolate City .
Chris Cooley blogs his guts out and makes it to No. 19 , passing , among others , the slightly more hyped Reggie Bush .
Gilbert Arenas , meantime , plays a total of 13 regular - season games in 2007 - '08 , misses the All - Star Game , fails to make the slightly hyped Redeem Team , and yet ends the season with the 10th most popular NBA jersey , according to sales at the NBA Store in New York City and NBAStore.com .
That 's probably not a coincidence .
UPDATE : Alex Ovechkin remains this area's most dominant jersey seller ; from July through yesterday , Ovechkin 's jersey was the No. 2 seller on Shop. NHL.com .
Anyhow , here are the Top 25 NFL sellers , from April 1 - Aug. 26 , 2008 .
1. Brett Favre , New York Jets
2. Tony Romo , Dallas Cowboys
3. Eli Manning , New York Giants
4. Tom Brady , New England Patriots
5. Peyton Manning , Indianapolis Colts
6. Adrian Peterson , Minnesota Vikings
7. Marion Barber , Dallas Cowboys
8. LaDainian Tomlinson , S.D. Chargers
9. Ben Roethlisberger , Pittsburgh Steelers
10 . Darren McFadden , Oakland Raiders
11 . Brian Urlacher , Chicago Bears
12 . Devin Hester , Chicago Bears
13 . Terrell Owens , Dallas Cowboys
14 . Jason Witten , Dallas Cowboys
15 . Brian Westbrook , Philadelphia Eagles
16 . Troy Polamalu , Pittsburgh Steelers
17 . Randy Moss , New England Patriots
18 . Osi Umenyiora , New York Giants
19 . Chris Cooley , Washington Redskins
20 . Reggie Bush , New Orleans Saints
21 . Patrick Willis , San Francisco 49ers
22 . Michael Strahan , New York Giants
23 . Jay Cutler , Denver Broncos
24 . DeMarcus Ware , Dallas Cowboys
25 . Jason Taylor , Washington Redskins
Are there are any real Democrats still working on that campaign ?
You people are part of the problem .
You are hurting our chances of beating McCain in the fall .
You ’re as bad as Joe Lieberman .
Have you no conscience ?
From the NYT :
Mrs. Clinton ’s advisers acknowledged that the results of the primaries were far less than they had hoped , and said they were likely to face new pleas even from some of their own supporters for her to quit the race .
They said they expected fund - raising to become even harder now ; one adviser said the campaign was essentially broke , and several others refused to say whether Mrs. Clinton had lent the campaign money from her personal account to keep it afloat .
The advisers said they were dispirited over the loss in North Carolina , after her campaign — working off a shoestring budget as spending outpaces fund - raising — decided to allocate millions of dollars , some key operatives and full days of the candidate and her husband there .
A second NYT news analysis says that tonight ’s results did not help Hillary , and probably made it even harder for her to win .
She needs to go .
Please click the box in the upper right and give to Barack Obama for President .
It ’s time we stopped this train wreck since no one else will .
It ’s time for her to go .
This is the youngest Russian mother .
She got pregnant at the age of 11 and soon the child was born .
Her boyfriend ’s name is Habib he is from Tajikistan , he was also very young when this happened , now he works as a construction worker .
They are not married because in Russia you can’t marry at eleven .
Habib visits his girlfriend and a kid on the regular basis and they think that they would marry as soon as it would be legally possible .
On these photos she is already 14 and the child , the girl , is already 3 years old .
There is a video too .
It might seem obvious to most people that the hacker who gained unauthorized access to the private e-mail account of Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin violated the Stored Communications Act .
Under that law , a violation is committed by anyone who “ ( 1 ) intentionally accesses without authorization a facility through which an electronic communication service is provided ; ” or “ ( 2 ) intentionally exceeds an authorization to access that facility ; and thereby obtains ...[ an ] electronic communication while it is in electronic storage in such system . ”
But Kurt Opsahl , senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , says not so fast .
Although the law seems clear on such a matter , the Department of Justice has taken a position on the law that could thwart its own prosecution of the hack under the SCA .
( Before anyone jumps to conclusions , the hacker could still be prosecuted under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
Keep reading to see discussion below about the CFAA . )
Electronic storage is defined in the Stored Communications
Act as " any temporary , intermediate storage of a wire or electronic communication incidental to the electronic transmission thereof . "
E-mail that has arrived in a recipient 's inbox on his ISP 's server and that has not yet been opened would fall into this category .
The law also refers to electronic storage as " any storage of such communication by an electronic communication service for purposes of backup protection of such communication . "
E-mail that has been read , but not deleted would fit this description .
In a U.S. 9th Circuit precedent , the court regarded both read and unread e-mail , or received and unreceived e-mail , as being in " electronic storage " under the SCA ( See Theofel v. Farey - Jones , 359 F.3d 1066 , 1075 – 9th Cir. 2003 ) .
" [ W ] hen the recipient accesses an email but does not delete it , it moves from storage incident to transmission to backup storage under the second part of the SCA 's ' electronic storage ' definition , " Opsahl writes in a post on the EFF 's blog .
But Opsahl says the DOJ has taken a different view of the SCA .
He points to the DOJ's Prosecuting Computer Crimes Manual , which says that read e-mail is no longer stored communication .
The manual says , " If the recipient chooses to retain a copy of the communication on the service provider 's system , the retained copy is no longer in ' electronic storage ' because it is no longer in ' temporary , intermediate storage ... incidental to ... electronic transmission , ' and neither is it a backup of such a communication . "
According to Opsahl :
The DOJ 's interpretation of the SCA means that any emails that Gov. Palin had already opened ( but left on the Yahoo ! Mail servers ) would not be protected under this email privacy law .
This would mean no SCA privacy protection for the majority , if not the entirety , of the Gov. Palin 's email messages at issue .
As the DOJ acknowledges , " [ i ] f Theofel 's broad interpretation of ' electronic storage ' were correct , prosecutions under section 2701 would be substantially less difficult ... "
On the flip side , if the DOJ were right and Theofel were wrong , any hacker responsible for obtaining access to those emails - or any other individual 's opened messages - could not be prosecuted under the SCA .
Mark Rasch , a former Justice Department computer crime prosecutor , agrees with Opsahl .
" While the DOJ guidelines are not binding on the DOJ , they certainly have persuasive authority , " he said .
" In this case I think the DOJ would be bound by its own interpretation of the statute and probably could not prosecute [ the hacker under that statute ] simply because of its own interpretation of the statute . "
As mentioned above , the hacker could still be prosecuted under the CFAA , though likely for a misdemeanor , not a felony , since there was no actual loss that resulted from the hack .
More specifically , he'd be prosecuted under 18 U.S.C. 1030 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( C ) , accessing a protected computer without authorization to obtain information .
Rasch says if the hacker were charged with a misdemeanor , he would likely face a sentence of zero to six months , depending on his history , attitude and contrition .
If the hacker were to come forward and apologize to Palin and tell the FBI exactly what he did , prosecutors might take this into consideration .
" If the government treats this for what it really is , which was a kid who was curious to see if he could do this . . . then the kid should be in reasonably good shape " and face " little , if any , jail time , " Rasch said .
Although there is also a possibility the government could charge the hacker with a felony under the CFAA depending on the whim of the prosecutor and whether he argued that the invasion of Palin 's privacy was a tortious act .
Rasch likened the situation to the government 's charges against Lori Drew in the MySpace suicide case .
" It would be a stretch to charge a felony [ in the Palin case ] , but if they want to be hard on [ the hacker ] , they could do that , " Rasch said .
" I would n't have predicted that they would use that argument in the MySpace case , but they did .
So they could certainly do that to [ Palin 's hacker ] . "
See Also :
From René V...
“ Recently , a customer came in who was apparently just as overheated as his computer .
When we cracked it open , it was pretty evident that it had something to do with his “ quieting modifications .
We now recommend better , quieter components .
Wilhelm is n't really much of a smiler .
Nor was he much of a laugher .
Nor a crier , scowler , or high - fiver .
He seemed to only be capable of two emotions : " emotionless " or " asleep . "
He's of the opinion that programming has gotten too easy in recent years , not like it was back in his day when programmers were programmers .
A time before garbage collectors , transactions , protected memory , fancy IDEs with fancy integrated debuggers — nowadays developers have it too easy .
One of his company 's core applications had been rushed out the door with most maintenance being of the " quick patch " variety , with the intention that everything would be cleaned up later .
Because of this approach the overall design of the system was n't totally consistent — duplicate code , instance methods that should be static , classes with tons of extra properties that are n't even really used anywhere , etc .
With all of the extra objects floating around in memory , OutOfMemoryExceptions were the rule rather than the , er , exception .
Some of the time the errors would magically fix themselves , but with increasing frequency , a developer had to step in and restart the site to release resources .
Once it got to the point that this was happening daily , management realized the problem could n't just be swept under the rug .
When Wilhelm caught word that they'd get a chance to resolve some of the memory issues , he jumped at the chance to lead the project .
He had the skillset as far as he was concerned , since he cut his teeth on Commodore 64 development where he had 64KB of memory and was happy about it .
And how different could memory management be nowadays ?
With some competent staff and his experience with efficient memory management , he could dramatically reduce the application 's memory footprint .
Wilhelm was given four developers to help with the task .
First step : analysis .
Wilhelm and staff prepared spreadsheets , charts , and graphs out the wazoo .
Running profilers and stress testing tools they were able to identify trouble modules , unreleased resources , and unclosed connections .
Second , branching the code and tweaking algorithms , static - izing what used to be instance methods .
The team worked day and night on small refinements , creeping closer and closer to their goal .
Changes had a tendency to delay development , as some parameters were being set too conservatively , breaking something else down the line .
Some of the developers complained , but it did n't bother Wilhelm — the sissies had n't suffered through the hardships of programming on older hardware , and this was molding them into something closer to real programmers .
After five months of grueling optimization and fixes , the team had finished .
Admirably , they had succesfully reduced the application 's memory footprint by more than 50 % !
His team still complained about some of the work , but Wilhelm knew they 'd eventually adjust to the new programming style .
So Wilhelm , known for his emotionlessness , had a huge smile on his face when he summoned everyone into the conference room for a meeting .
" First the good news , " he began , " The memory footprint is now 46 % of what it was before . "
He started doling out impressive - looking packets with detailed graphs and overviews of big changes to the system .
" Now if you 'll all turn to the second page , I 'd like to go over some of the architectural changes .
Before that , though , any general questions ? "
Jake C. happened to be at this meeting with a new intern named Bob .
Bob raised a finger and said " Yes , I have a question — this graph shows the percentage of the memory footprint reduction , but what are the actual numbers here ?
How much memory is in the production server ? "
" 512MB , " Wilhelm replied .
" Ahh , OK . "
Wilhelm scanned the room for more questions .
Bob raised a finger again .
" So why not pick up another 2GB of memory for fifty , sixty bucks and install that in the server ? "
Wilhelm was taken aback .
With a light stutter , he replied " Yeah , I guess that would 've been an option too ... "
After a brief but intensely awkward pause , he continued with a quivering voice " ... but no web application should ever require more than 500 megs . "
Wilhelm continued with his presentation , his face a bright shade of red .
His manager 's face turned a similar color .
A few days ago , someone asked me whether there was more to OCaml Batteries Included than Lazy Lists .
The answer is a definite yes .
If you have looked at the repository recently , you may have seen that there is plenty more waiting for testing and for a release .
Let ’s take a brief look at what is done and what is left to do .
The big picture
Batteries Included is not meant to end up as one single library .
Batteries Included is meant to be a meta-library , depending on numerous existing libraries and presenting them with one consistent module hierarchy , with consistent documentation , consistent APIs , etc .
At the moment , we are centering our efforts on improving / completing Extlib .
More will come later .
Waiting in the repository
Let ’s start with data structures .
Some come from ExtLib , other from OCaml or from smaller libraries and some are brand new .
They are reorganized by functionality rather than by source and may be found in module Batlib .
Containers :
Batlib Containers
Generic persistent containers List / ListLabels ( extended from ExtLib’s ) Map / MapLabels ( extended from OCaml’s ) PMap ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) LazyList / LazyListLabels ( brand new )
Set ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) Vect ( a generic implementation of ropes — brand new ) Generic mutable containers Array ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) BitSets ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Dlllist ( doubly linked lists — untouched from ExtLib’s ) DynArray ( dynamic arrays — untouched from ExtLib’s ) Enum / EnumLabels ( enumerations aka iterators — vastly extended from ExtLib’s ) Hashtbl ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Queue ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) RefList ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Stack ( untouched from OCaml’s ) Stream / StreamLabels ( extended / adapted from SDFlow ’s )
Specialized containers Buffer ( untouched from OCaml’s ) Option ( utilities for ‘ a option — extended from ExtLib’s ) Result ( an error monad — brand new , will be replaced by Catch me if you Can ) Global ( global variables — untouched from ExtLib’s ) Ref ( operations on references — brand new ) Lazy ( untouched from OCaml’s )
Similarly , typical contents for these data structures may be found in module Batlib .
Data , as follows :
Batlib Data
Numbers ( all numbers come with uniformized custom operators , including range operators )
Bool ( operations on booleans — brand new ) Complex ( extended from OCaml ’s )
Float ( operations on floats — brand new )
Int ( operations on integers — brand new ) Big_int ( extended from OCaml ’s ) SafeInt ( overflow - aware integers — brand new ) Int32 ( extended from OCaml’s ) Int64 ( extended from OCaml ’s ) Nativeint ( extended from OCaml ’s )
Text ( also with operators , when applicable ) Char ( operations on characters , including operators — vastly extended from OCaml ’s ) UChar ( operations on Unicode characters — untouched from ExtLib’s ) String ( extended from ExtLib’s ) UTF8 ( UTF8 - based strings — untouched from ExtLib’s ) Rope ( UTF8 - based immutable replacement for strings )
System - related operations , from file management to arguments to I/O come next , in module Batlib .
System .
Note that Printexc goes into that module , for no better reason than not fitting anywhere else :
Batlib System
Argument management Arg ( untouched from OCaml’s ) OptParse ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Operating system Sys ( untouched from OCaml’s ) Unix / UnixLabels ( untouched from OCaml’s ) Filename ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) Largefile ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) I/O Format ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) Printf ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) Printexc ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) Scanf ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) IO ( extended from ExtLib’s ) Unzip ( untouched from ExtLib’s )
Development of domain - specific languages is a big favorite in OCaml .
This stuff goes into Batlib .
Languages :
Batlib Languages
Lexers Lexing ( untouched from OCaml’s ) Genlex ( programmatic generation of lexers — vastly extended from OCaml ’s ) Parsers Parsing ( untouched from OCaml ’s ) ParserCo ( a parser combinator library — brand new ) CharParser ( char - related parsing utilities — brand new )
OCaml offers a few meta - level utilities , which do n’t always appear in the documentation but are present nevertheless .
Batteries Included publishes them as Batlib .
Meta :
Batlib Meta Callback ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Gc ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Marshal ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Obj ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) CamlinternalOO ( untouched from ExtLib’s )
Oo ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Weak ( untouched from ExtLib’s )
A few utilities are also presented in module Batlib .
Util :
Batlib Util Random ( extended from OCaml’s ) Base64 ( untouched from ExtLib’s ) Digest ( untouched from OCaml’s )
Last but not least , we have a candidate standard module ( i.e. a replacement for Pervasives ) .
This module contains :
everything from ExtLib’s Std
a few common operators for function composition , function application , arrow - style projections , pairing , currification etc .
everything from Pervasives ( in the future , string conversion functions and I /O should disappear )
Enum ( which become the standard currency between data structures , as well as the most common replacement for for loops )
What ’s in store
While we already have our hands quite busy with just what has already been mentioned , more is coming .
An optimized reimplementation of ParserCo , along with more friendly error - reporting tools .
The Printf module and channels are on their way out ( at least from the documentation ) — Batteries Included offers alternatives ( including a new implementation of the printf function ) which are better in most respects and which we ’re busy completing .
Despite the power of SDFlow , streams are also on their way out .
We just need to finish implementing SDFlow ’s features with Enum and to complete a nice syntax extension to replace streams with enumerations and stream parsers with our monadic parser combinator library .
This is being worked on .
Camlp4 and ULex will join the standard library , somewhere in module Batlib .
Languages .
Camomile will also join the standard library , somewhere between modules Batlib .
Data and Batlib .
Structures .
Type-conv will fit nicely into Batlib .
Meta , just as Sexplib .
Want more ?
A networking library , probably OCamlNet .
A better thread library , probably coThreads .
More pseudo - concurrency .
Probably a superset of SDFlow .
Syntax extensions .
More to be decided .
Bottom line
Lots of work has already gone into Batteries Included .
Most likely , lot more will come .
Eventually , we hope to achieve JDK - like out - of - the - box usability for OCaml , even at the risk of JDK - like out - of - the - box bloat .
Hopefully , we ’re still quite far away from that .
If you wish to help , please do n’t hesitate .
There ’s work for everyone .
Suggestions are also welcome , preferably in the request for features tracker .
And if needed , do n’t hesitate to discuss here or on our public forum .
July 21 , 2008 — jao
I ’ve been playing with CLOS again these days ( after finding it specially apt for one of my pet projects ( more on that later ) ) and just stumbled upon this fun video by Daniel Bobrow , the chair of the committee that standardized CLOS in the late eighties and , to this day , research fellow in the mythic Xerox PARC .
Daniel gives a good introduction to the Common Lisp Object System , its design trade - offs , the main ideas behind it ( generic functions , classes , reflection ) , and talks a bit about the standard body ’s work ( fun to see how , back in the day , using mailing lists for discussion was considered innovative ) .
Besides its vintage charm ( do n’t miss the Q&A session at the end ) , the talk works as a good little introduction to CLOS ( despite occasional inexactitudes ) , which can be supplemented by this nice article by Bobrow , Gabriel and White .
Enjoy !
This chart was constructed on the basis of the speeches , public statements and , crucially , the voting records of each of the candidates .
During the election campaign , we ’ll be tweaking their positions as , inevitably , some of them change .
We ’ll also be adding other charts as the campaign continues .
When examining the chart it ’s important to note that although most of the candidates seem quite different , in substance they occupy a relatively restricted area within the universal political spectrum .
Democracies with a system of proportional representation give expression to a wider range of political views .
While Cynthia McKinney and Ralph Nader are depicted on the extreme left in an American context , they would simply be mainstream social democrats within the wider political landscape of Europe .
Similarly , Obama is popularly perceived as a leftist in the United States while elsewhere in the west his record is that of a moderate conservative .
For example , in the case of the death penalty he is not an uncompromising abolitionist , while mainstream conservatives in all other western democracies are deeply opposed to capital punishment .
The Democratic party ’s presidential candidate also reneged on his commitment to oppose the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
He sided with the ultra conservative bloc in the Supreme Court against the Washington DC handgun ban and for capital punishment in child rape cases .
He supports President Bush ’s faith - based initiatives and is reported in Fortune to have said that NAFTA is n’t so bad .
Despite all this , some angry emailers tell us that Obama is a dangerous socialist who belongs on the extreme left of our chart .
In an apparently close race , genuine leftists McKinney and Nader may attract sufficient votes from Obama to deliver McCain to the Oval Office .
Sarah Palin is popularly described by her detractors as an extreme right winger .
In reality , she has some protectionist leanings .
Her comparatively extreme positions are on the social rather than the economic scale .
While her pro-gun , pro-Iraq invasion , anti-gay and anti- abortion positions are applauded in some quarters , Joe Six - pack may not be quite so enamoured with what Palin ’s denominational website , the General Council of the Assemblies of God , has to say :
We urge all believers to avoid the Satanic tool of alcohol which destroys lives , damns souls , and blights society .
One of Palin ’s evangelical supporters reminded us that Obama ’s background was as a mere community organiser .
Well yes , but so was Jesus , while Pontius Pilate was a governor .
One present difficulty in positioning the candidates concerns the nationalisation of investment banks .
While a commitment to universal healthcare shifts the candidate to the left , what are we to make of tax - payer funded corporate healthcare ?
The United States seems to be in the throes of a unique political formula : socialism for some corporations and private enterprise for most individuals .
The Libertarians ’ choice of diehard conservative Bob Barr is particularly odd .
Their party is now led by an anti-choice enthusiast for the death penalty who initially supported the Patriot Act , though later regretted it .
He is also pro teacher - led prayers .
While Libertarians tend to place more importance on economic matters , Barr has nevertheless not displayed unbridled enthusiasm for free trade , although he ticks most of the right boxes on matters of taxation and public spending .
For those who are interested , we include here our earlier chart showing most of the candidates from the Primaries .
Observant readers will notice shifts in the positions of Biden , Obama and McCain .
It is important to recognise that The Political Compass is a continuum rather than consisting of hard and fast quadrants .
For example , Ron Paul on the social scale is actually closer to Dennis Kucinich than to many figures within his own party .
But on the economic scale , they are , of course , far apart .
Perhaps the most breath - taking u-turn in the primaries belongs to Mike Gravel , a left - leaning Democrat and undoubted civil libertarian who has now put his lot in with the Libertarian Party .
On the social scale this does n’t represent much of a leap , but economically the mercurial Mr. Gravel , a long - standing champion of universal health care and a redistributive economy , has vaulted from social democracy to a radical neo-liberal platform well to the right of most Republicans .
DIGG THIS
At this point it is just a waiting game for the National Bureau of Economic Research to declare that we have been in recession .
Of course they work from past data ; we all do .
But the data will show what has been true for months .
Investment is falling .
Unemployment is rising .
The trends are consistent with every single recession on record .
All that is bad enough .
Maybe your job is secure .
Maybe you are out of the stock market .
Maybe you are n’t waiting for a return on some real estate investment .
The problem that hits everyone is inflation , which is roaring out of control in all the sectors we care about .
We have entered the double digits , and if producer prices forecast consumer prices , we are in for tougher times ahead .
So what does Washington do ?
In an act of incredible stupidity , Congress has passed an extension of unemployment benefits .
The old rule remains true : if you subsidize something , you get more of it .
So this will give us more unemployment .
No question about that .
It will thereby worsen and prolong the problem .
It takes only a second of economic logic to see why .
In a recessionary environment , we need freer , not more socialized , labor markets .
Business needs to be able to hire workers at lower prices .
You do n’t want to increase the cost of hiring ; you want to reduce it , especially with unemployment rising .
Instead , Congress loots the workers of this country in order to prevent people from entering the job market .
This is not only stupid ; it is highly dangerous .
Britain tried this in the 1930s , and more than any other action , this contributed to the high unemployment rates that fueled socialist political movements , which led to the destruction of that economy .
It could do the same here in the United States .
Moving on to the Fed , here we see a cabal of obsessives that believes that the greatest threat to the country right now is falling prices .
And they are wholly dedicated to preventing this from happening — precisely at the time when falling prices would be the best thing that could happen to the country .
And what generates this obsession ?
A faulty understanding of the Great Depression .
Like FDR and his advisors , this bunch is convinced that what caused the downturn was the fall in price of everything .
This is what bad economic thinking generates .
Low prices were the best thing the 1930s had to offer .
Imagine that same depression occurring with inflation roaring !
The people ’s sufferings would have been immeasurably worse .
So leave it to Washington to make sure that the next experience with any economic phenomenon will always be worse than the last .
They are trying to give us the Great Depression with an even worse trend : falling production , rising unemployment , plus soaring prices !
( If you have n’t read it yet , please pick up a copy of Rothbard ’s America ’s Great Depression .
Send a few copies to the Fed while you are at it . )
Bernanke ’s view of the Great Depression makes no sense of course .
But it ’s the only explanation I can come up with for why the Fed is doing its best to pump up the economy by inventing ever more tricky ways of getting banks to lend money , as if money and credit will save the world .
You might think they would take a look at the economic plight of many African nations with inflation running in the many thousands of percent .
Their economies are not performing well .
But a person like Bernanke is capable of looking at a place like Zimbabwe and pointing out that at least it is not plagued with deflation !
At this stage in the debate over what to do about the recession , the Bush administration and the Republicans look pretty good by comparison to the Democrats .
It is easy to forget that Bush bears most of the direct responsibility for this fiasco .
His war has drained the capital stock , diminished oil supplies , and crowded out private investment .
He has done nothing to keep gas prices low and specifically rejected proposals early on to try to reduce prices .
He has egged on the Fed with its inflation , by putting a priority on his military adventures over sound economic policies .
It is a crude simplification , but it still contains truth : Bush ’s warfare state is the cause of this recession .
It is simplified in the sense that it would not have happened but for the money machine down the street from the White House that he has demanded go into overdrive .
What is the right response to a recession ?
The first rule must be to do no harm .
When it comes to government , that is asking a lot and enough .
Beyond that , in an ideal world , we would shut down the Fed , reduce the cost of employment , reduce taxes , zap environmental controls on exploring for and refining oil — this would be a good beginning .
We could expect the recession to last less than a year under these policies .
As it is , we could be in for a very long and deep recession .
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
PM - Tuesday , 5 August , 2008 18:27:00 Reporter : Mark Colvin MARK COLVIN : The word " apostate " has fallen into relative disuse in the West in the last couple of 100 years .
The idea that leaving your religion , apostasy , should be punished , has largely died out since the Enlightenment .
But Ayaan Hirsi Ali , who 's been in Australia over the last few days , is in continuous fear for her life because she is an apostate from Islam .
In 2004 , in the Netherlands , her friend , the filmmaker , Theo van Gogh , was stabbed to death for an anti-Islam film for which she wrote the script .
A death threat against her was pinned to the corpse with a knife .
In her subsequent book , Infidel , she stepped up her attack on global Islam .
And in Australia she 's been talking about the ideas of the Enlightenment .
Ayaan Hirsi
Ali says the creed of Islam itself , rather than the way it 's practised , is the problem , because the ideas of Mohammed are incompatible with the ideas of liberal democracy .
( To Ayaan Hirsi Ali ) Is Islam the problem or is fundamentalist Islam the problem ?
AYAAN HIRSI ALI : Islam , as a creed , is the problem , depending on how you define the problem and I define it as the ideas of Mohammed are incompatible with the ideas that liberal secular democracies are based on .
And I also want to emphasise that it's not Muslims as in individuals , because they 're varied , they 're very diverse .
Some Muslims are a problem , some Muslims are not , some Muslims are apathetic , but Islam as a system of ideas is incompatible with liberal democracy as a system of ideas .
MARK COLVIN : And yet here in Australia we live next to an enormous , mainly Islamic country , which is slowly moving towards democracy which would seem to indicate that Islam itself is not necessarily a complete barrier to doing that .
AYAAN HIRSI ALI : Islam is a barrier to doing that , but your next door neighbour , which is the world 's probably largest Muslim country , started out after the decolonisation process as a secular democratic country , and right now we see two trends .
We see Indonesians who are evolving in their understanding and practice of democracy , but we also see Indonesians who are affected by the Middle East , and especially by the Islamic Radical Movement and who are choosing to introduce Sharia , or parts of Sharia , into Indonesia , and I think it's that trend that Australia should not ignore .
And it's that trend that Indonesia itself should not ignore .
MARK COLVIN : If you go back to say , the 17th century in Europe , Christianity , both Protestant and Catholic Christianity , was essentially fundamentalist .
And if you looked at the religion then of Christianity , you would have said , " This is a fundamentalist religion which can never evolve democratic states . "
Why is Islam different ?
AYAAN HIRSI ALI : Well , first of all , it 's not Christianity that produced the Enlightenment and all of that , there were perhaps Christians , but also individuals in Europe , in the United States and elsewhere , who proposed ideas to move away from religion and furnishing their lives and society by means of religious ideas and moved on secular ideas .
Why is Islam different from Christianity ?
I think one main difference is the separation of divine rule from secular rule .
Islam does not allow it and I have not yet see a Muslim movement saying we should now move away or separate the two .
MARK COLVIN : But the point I 'm making , I suppose , is that there was a time when Christianity did n't allow it either .
Is Islam permanently incapable of reformation or change in that way ?
AYAAN HIRSI ALI :
It 's very important to make a distinction between Islam as a set of ideals , Christianity as a set of ideas and so on .
And human beings , individuals , Muslims , are capable of change .
They 're capable of forming their religion , they 're capable of thinking differently about different things .
Islam as creed as incapable of change in the sense that … for instance there 's a read - only lock on the Koran .
Anyone who proposes to change anything in the Koran is considered an apostate , and is immediately killed or threatened with death .
Muslims hold that the Prophet Mohammed is infallible .
In fact , it 's a claim he did not make , but that is accorded to him .
So that Muslims must in the 21st century , emulate the example of the Prophet Mohammed .
And I think Islam will change , will be reformed , if a fair amount of Muslims abandon those dogmas .
MARK COLVIN : The Enlightenment , which you 're here to talk about , only really came about after a very long period , a couple of 100 years , of extreme violence between Christian sects , notably the 30 years war , and the Peasant Wars , and so forth .
Is it necessary for Islam to have to go through that kind of thing , or is there a short cut ?
AYAAN HIRSI ALI : Well , that depends on the people .
If you have , as we have right now , people who want to practice Islam in its most pure form , and impose it on not just Muslims , but everyone else , then you 're going to see a resistance both from within Islam and outside of Islam .
And that resistance , if that does n't lead to a dialogue , a peaceful dialogue with a peaceful outcome , will lead to bloodshed .
And if you look , if you listen to the rhetoric of al - Qaeda and Bin Laden , these are people who say we can't compromise unless everyone becomes a Muslim .
Now , everyone is not going to become a Muslim , and so then you set the stage for violence , and that violence is then caused by the zealots , by the puritans .
If freedom of expression is limited as it is in Muslim countries , and as large numbers of minorities in Western societies are demanding , then that means the free exchange of ideas .
And the stages for that diminish and people get frustrated and that could lead to violence .
MARK COLVIN : When you say , " Large numbers of people in Western societies are demanding " , what are you referring to ?
AYAAN HIRSI ALI : Everyone followed the cartoon crisis , or the crisis about the cartoon drawings of Mohammed in Denmark .
That led to an explosion of violence because large groups of Muslims still will not accept criticism of their religion .
Over and over again , when in the name of Islam , human blood is shed , Muslims are very quiet .
When drawings are made or some perceived slight or offences given by writing a book , or making a drawing , or in some way criticising the dogmas of Islam , people take to the streets .
We have all these leaders of the organisation of Islam , the countries who oppressed on people , coming to demand the people apologise .
And I think it's this discrepancy that more and more people see as violence and intolerance and the lack of freedom inherent in the creed of Islam .
MARK COLVIN : Finally , a personal question .
You 've paid an enormous price in terms of your own personal security for saying what you say .
What makes it worth it ?
AYAAN HIRSI ALI : Freedom and a vision that it is so much more important , so much better to live in freedom than to be overtaken by a wave of fanatics who in the name of Islam wants to impose their world view on us .
And I think the best thing to do is to resist and to take away from them , the monopoly that they now have on the hearts and minds of Muslims .
MARK COLVIN : Ayaan Hirsi Ali , who 's been in Australia talking about the ideas of the Enlightenment as a guest of the Centre for Independent Studies .
Related Audio : Extended interview with Ayaan Hirsi Ali Extended interview with Ayaan Hirsi
Ali who speaks to Mark Colvin about the continuous fear for her life because she is an apostate from Islam .
In 2004 , in the Netherlands , her friend filmmaker Theo van Gogh was stabbed to death for an anti Islam film for which she wrote the script .
RealMedia 28 k+ WinMedia 28 k+ MP3
Tucker Bounds , McCain campaign spokesman , is always good for a post when he 's allowed to come on the scene , if only to show just how ridiculously inane the McCain campaign has to be to deflect attention from itself .
On MSNBC , Bounds refused to commit to David Shuster that Phil Gramm will not be John McCain 's Treasury Secretary .
Talk about the fox guarding the henhouse .
Phil Gramm as Treasury Secretary ?
{{shudder}}
The man most responsible for the repeal of the New Deal - era Glass - Steagall Act , which paved the way for our economic situation today should be in charge of the Treasury ?
You know , the man known as Foreclosure Phil who says that Americans are just whiners , imagining the crisis ?
The mind reels at just how reckless and risky such an appointment would be for America , and those are the exact kind of adjectives that McCain loves to describe his picks .
No wonder why Bounds sounds so anxious to project this as a " lie " on the part of Barack Obama , insisting that Gramm is no longer advising the campaign ( something his own campaign proxies have denied in the past ) , as if this means he would n't be part of the McCain Cabinet .
He even sneaks in a completely superfluous reference to Franklin Raines , a person the McCain campaign has repeatedly linked to Obama , even though major media outlets have said that McCain is exaggerating wildly the connection between them and Raines has denied any kind of advisory role .
Sadly , time does n't allow Shuster to call out Bounds for his typically GOP false equivalencies .
Transcripts below the fold
BOUNDS : ... Let 's talk about tissues .
Let 's talk about honesty and which candidate is going to shoot straight with the American voters .
And when Barack Obama says that John McCain has chosen Phil Gramm to be Secretary of Treasury when this election is n't even over , and he is not advising this campaign , he is lying .
And when you talk about it with me over national air , I do n't understand why we 're doing it .
SHUSTER : You can make it clear right now .
Can you assure that John McCain will not pick Phil Gramm as Treasury Secretary if John McCain wins the election ?
BOUNDS : He is not even an adviser on this campaign , David .
I do n't know where the sorts of rumor mills come from .
SHUSTER : Why do n't you put them down ...
BOUNDS : But I think they come from the Obama campaign , straight to you , straight to us on air .
SHUSTER : Well , Tucker , you can make your point better just to say Phil Gramm - John McCain has told me Phil Gramm will not be Treasury Secretary under any circumstance in the McCain administration .
BOUNDS : It is an absurd thing to say .
It would be as if I was to say Franklin Raines would head up the Housing and Urban Development wing for Barack Obama .
SHUSTER : Right , but the difference , Tucker , the Obama campaign said that will never happen and I have yet to hear you say -
BOUNDS : If I were to make that allegation , you 'd call it a lie .
You 'd call it a lie and I 'm not making it , but Barack Obama is .
SHUSTER : Tucker , Tucker .
The difference is the Obama campaign will tell us flat out he will not be part of the Obama administration .
I still have n't heard you say Phil Gramm will not be part of a McCain administration .
BOUNDS : It is inherently true .
He stepped down from this campaign .
He is not advising the campaign .
I mean , these are the sorts of absurdities that we 're talking about and it is all because Barack Obama gets away with saying things are not true and then people believe them to be some way based in fact .
It is absurd .
SHUSTER : All right .
Tucker , spokesperson for the McCain campaign .
Pleasure as always .
simplest
possibly
possibly work
the simplest thing that could possibly work -- it 's a phrase held dearly to all agile developers , but it 's also a common source of disagreement .
I recently saw two different interpretations of the phrase that I considered to be worth sharing .
Often the emphasis of the phrase is like so : thething that could possibly work .
However , recently Ian Robinson was discussing the idea that the emphasis should be : the simplest thing that couldwork .
The difference is only emphasis , but it's a change worth considering .
I was also part of a discussion the other day where a developer was following a pattern correctly , but it was causing us to add a significant amount of additional code .
This code would have supported several features that seemed nice to us , but our domain expert had n't asked for any of those features .
I would have been happy to go along if there was a small amount of code or if the nice features were on our roadmap , but neither of those things were true .
I began to advocate for breaking the pattern and doing only what we needed to do .
It allowed us to delete ~ 60 % of the code we were currently working with .
At first the developer said " this is where we 're going to disagree on the simplest thing that could possibly work . "
He argued that we were backing ourselves into a corner by not following the pattern ; therefore , what I was suggesting could n't .
I took a few moments to consider his point of view .
I concluded that he might be right , but deleting 60 % of the code we were currently working with meant that the remaining 40 % was so small that if we did need to rewrite in the future it would actually be easier than the amount of effort required to maintain the prematurely put in place architecture .
I believe there are occasions where the simplest thing that could possibly work is writing 10 lines of code today that do what you need , and deleting them tomorrow in light of new requirements .
There are , of course , a few caveats .
I had been pairing with the developer for about 4 hours and was able to accurately assess what the difference actually was between what we were doing and what we could be doing .
Once we both saw how much effort it was to follow the pattern , it was easy for us to trim to the simpler version .
I think it would have been more painful to speculate on the pattern implementation effort , and we may not have agreed on the outcome .
Also , painting yourself into a corner when you can jump over the paint is fine , but if someone else keeps painting on the other side , you may not be able to get out .
The small amount of code that we wrote can be rewritten in about an hour , but if someone else was going to add to that code then we would have probably gone down the more complicated path .
No one was building on our code so we were n't as worried about the foundation we put in place .
Alesha Dixon is a fashion model for some of the biggest magazines aimed at young women on the UK high street .
Alarmed at how often her own image appears in print heavily Photoshopped to give her impossibly “ perfect ” skin and a dangerously thin , impossibly idealised body shape , she sets out in this BBC
Three documentary to convince leading fashion brands to run a front cover of her untouched – and stumbles upon a surprising degree of resistance .
Alesha also talks to a young woman from England who at just 18 years old was given breast implant surgery as a birthday gift “ to look more like Victoria Beckham ” , despite the strong disapproval of her boyfriend and the obvious signs of an eating disorder evident in her painfully skinny shoulders and chest .
Watch in full screen ( Link will open in a new Tab / Window )
Myself and Lucy watched this program together and agreed that it was sickening that the pressure on young girls to look a certain way comes from other women , so it ’s clear that this is where any education campaign to reverse this frightening trend must begin .
I also feel that lads mags like FHM and Nuts could do a lot to help , since they vary rarely change the body shape of the models in their publications , knowing their audience prefer women to look healthy and shapely .
No -one is suggesting that Photoshop should n’t be used to clean up the details which the camera lens reveals that the human eye does not .
The camera , in other words , does lie – and Photoshop is a big help in correcting artwork which requires a certain look and feel .
There is , however , an ocean of difference between making editorial decisions based upon style and design and allowing an industry to wilfully and consistently ignore the damage being done to people ’s lives , as a consequence of the fashion industry ignoring what the girls as young as 8 , in this program , are saying about their own negative self body image , which is entirely derived from the idealised celebrity culture , which is being pushed upon them from birth .
Stratfor acknowledges Russia defeated US , not Georgian army in South Ossetia
The USA acknowledged that Russia had virtually defeated the US , but not the Georgian army in South Ossetia .
US instructors have spent four years training the Georgian army for an attack against Russian citizens .
The US administration refused to help Saakashvili , because the true goal of the new game in the Caucasus is absolutely different .
Stratfor acknowledges Russia defeated US , not Georgian army in South Ossetia
Experts of Stratfor , the so - called Shadow CIA , stated that the Russian army had not only preserved its battling capacity but also proved to the whole world that was it capable of defeating an armed enemy , trained by US instructors .
A report from Stratfor particularly mentions that the operation in South Ossetia has exercised three things .
First off , Russia has proved to have the army capable of conducting successful operations , in which many Western observers doubted before .
Secondly , the Russians have showed that they can defeat the forces trained by US advisors .
Finally , Russia has shown that the USA and NATO do not find themselves in the situation when they can interfere into a conflict from the military point of view .
At the same time , the experts consider it to be a military demonstration of Russia to former republics of the Soviet Union , including Ukraine , the entire Caucasus and Central Asia .
In addition , they see a hidden warning to Poland and the Czech Republic against the background of a possible deployment of elements of the US missile defense system in those countries .
However , the experts exclude an opportunity for Moscow to organize an intervention against some of the above - mentioned countries .
Stratfor ’s statement means that the fight is over for Georgia and that the US administration is not going to cross the red line in its relations with Russia .
Saakashvili ’s hopes for NATO to become involved in a conflict with Russia went up in smoke .
The USA is pursuing absolutely different goals , and the creation of the Great Georgia is surely not on its list .
The Republicans organized the provocation to portray Russia as a monster on the globe on the threshold of the November elections .
This plays into the hands of John McCain , who openly says that “ Russia ’s imperial ambition ” needs to be curbed .
This way or other , the USA has used the small country of Georgia as a toy .
Sergei Balmasov
Pravda.ru
10 Audacious Ideas to Save the Planet
To rescue the Earth , we need bold engineering ideas that go beyond simple recycling
This Mug ! is a mix between coffee mug and a knuckleduster .
Comes in two models : Big Mug for guys , decorated with gore , and Girlie Mug , decorated with butterflies .
Knowing my wife 's tea addiction and her sweet charming character , her Girlie Mug will probably end up looking like the Big Mug , but with real blood .
[ Mug ! ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Does n’t the Wall Street Journal know that John McCain is an American hero ?
It does n’t matter if he ’s stupid .
Perhaps even more damning , the column ’s first line : “ Is John McCain losing it ? ”
Not only is this more evidence that conservatives are not happy , and downright concerned , about McCain ’s candidacy , but they seem to be concerned about his mental health as well .
That ’s a topic that Obama would n’t dare touch , and has n’t .
And it ’s one that even we ’ve been careful about getting into .
But the WSJ just asked outright if John McCain is losing his marbles .
He just keeps making these mistakes , again and again and again .
This is bad .
Well , bad for McCain .
It ’s funny as hell , otherwise .
What a great way to start a morning :-)
And now for an even better way to start the morning :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwJmTfzSfAY]
JULY 15 -- An Ohio woman who lost her job after blogger Perez Hilton posted an e-mail in which she called him a ' FAT GAY PIG ' and Angelina Jolie a ' fag lover ' is suing the online columnist for $ 25 million for publishing her name and e-mail address , which she claims triggered hundreds of angry letters and phone calls from fans of the gossip site .
Last December , Diane Wargo , 42 , sent Hilton ( real name : Mario Lavandeira ) a nasty e-mail in response to an item he had posted regarding Jolie and Brad Pitt spending Christmas with their children in New Orleans .
As seen here , Lavandeira responded by publishing the missive , along with Wargo 's name and her office e-mail address ( she worked for a senior living center called Menorah Park ) .
According to a Court of Common Pleas lawsuit filed yesterday by Wargo and her husband , the publication of the e-mail resulted in Wargo receiving ' several hundred emails threatening her and her family ' and ' many threatening phone calls to her listed home phone number . '
Additionally , Wargo's Menorah Park supervisors were also contacted by angry Perez Hilton readers , some of who posted scathing comments about her on the popular blog .
Wargo contends that she was fired as a ' direct result of the negative publicity and ongoing harassing emails and phone calls ' triggered by her e-mail with its anti-gay sentiments .
' Indeed , Mrs. Wargo would not have been fired , but for the publication of her email address , ' contends the July 14 complaint , which was first reported by Courthouse News .
Shortly after Lavandeira posted Wargo 's e-mail , a Menorah Park official wrote him to renounce the ' inappropriate ' and ' unauthorized communication ' sent by Wargo via the firm 's e-mail system .
Lavandeira appended that e-mail to his original posting of Wargo 's note to him .
( 11 pages )
Assault on Gay America
On February 19 , 1999 , in Sylacauga , Alabama , 39 - year - old computer programmer Billy Jack Gaither was murdered - the victim of a violent hate crime .
One of the convicted killers testified he killed Gaither because he was " queer . "
Why have gays like Gaither and Matthew Shepard become the targets of such brutality ?
On February 15 , nearly one year after the Gaither murder , FRONTLINE correspondent Forrest Sawyer explores the roots of homophobia in America - as a catalyst for hate crimes and as a phenomenon that permeates our society - and asks how these attitudes , beliefs , and fears contribute to the recent rise in violence against gays .
The modern nation - state is in a secular decline , made inevitable by the rise of a global market system .
Even developed nations , like the US , are not immune to this process .
The decline is at first gradual but then it suddenly accelerates until it reaches a final end - point : a hollow state .
The hollow state has the trappings of a modern nation - state ( " leaders " , membership in international organizations , regulations , laws , and a bureaucracy ) but it lacks any of the legitimacy , services , and control of its historical counter - part .
It is merely a shell that has some influence over the spoils of the economy .
The real power rests in the hands of corporations and criminal / guerrilla groups that vie with each other for control of sectors of wealth production .
For the individual living within this state , life goes on , but it is debased in a myriad of ways .
The shift from a marginally functional nation - state in manageable decline to a hollow state often comes suddenly , through a financial crisis .
This crisis typically has the following features :
Corporations and connected individuals systematically loot the nation - state of financial assets and natural resources through a series of insider / no cost deals .
These deals are made to " save " the nation 's economy or financial system from collapse .
Once the full measure of the crisis is known , the nation - state 's currency falls precipitously , it 's debt becomes expensive , and it is forced to submit to international oversight / rules .
The services the state provides rapidly evaporate as its bureaucracy is starved for cash / financing .
This opens up a window for the corruption of government employees unused to deprivation .
The Dynamic of Primary Loyalties
The decline from a functional nation - state to a hollow state appears sudden to observers .
For individuals , the experience is a sustained decline in the standard of living .
Over time , critical items and services become increasingly inaccessible -- healthcare to housing .
Small business disappear , or become prey to connected companies / individuals with access to the remaining coercive power of the nation - state .
As the deprivation becomes commonplace , people turn to primary loyalties for support and services -- loyalties to a corporation , tribe , gang , family , or community .
These groups , energized by new levels of loyalty but deeply obligated to reciprocate this loyalty with support , become extremely aggressive in pursuit of their survival .
Once this shift in loyalty is made , a self - generating cycle of violence , crime , and corruption ( fueled in large part through connections to the global market system ) becomes entrenched .
The nation - state , at that point , becomes irretrievably hollow .
The Looting
It 's instructive to view the US Treasury 's plans for a bail - out of the global financial system through the lens of the hollow state .
By this measure , the bailout as it stands today , is a form of financial looting of the US Treasury ( it is n't socialism , since the government is n't nationalizing the financial system ) .
Trillions of dollars in government monies ( $ 700 billion to begin with ) will be infused directly into the coffers of corporations and wealthy individuals ( via hedge funds ) .
Specifically , the plan buys toxic assets at inflated prices and sells them back for nearly nothing -- no equity or assets of real value are provided in exchange for the purchase .
The national debt will likely grow 20 - 30 % in a single year , with obligations extended to many trillions more in guarantees .
Given this , one potential next step forward is a decline the credit rating of US debt ( which radically increases the costs of US borrowing ) , a collapse in the dollar relative to more stable global currencies , and a rapid decline in government services .
Other scenarios achieve the same result with different timing .
Regardless , our ( the US and the UK ) journey to a hollow state has officially begun .
NOTE : Philip Bobbitt got it wrong in his book , " The Shield of Achilles . "
The prosperous market - state he envisioned through constitutional reform is n't possible .
The REAL market - state , the form of governance that that has truly embraced the global market system , is hollow .
In effect , a state that does n't place any barriers between itself and the global marketplace .
As a result , the only real opportunities created by the emergence of the market - state are opportunities to steal extreme wealth .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Congressional Democrats on Sunday supported quick approval for a $ 700 billion financial rescue plan but said it must include provisions to guard against potential abuses .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi speaks next to Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke ( R ) after meeting with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson ( 2nd L ) , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) ( L ) and other congressional leaders in the U.S. Capitol in Washington September 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mitch Dumke
They expressed concern that the bailout program for Wall Street could expand the powers of the executive branch without adequate oversight , something Democrats have accused the administration of President George W. Bush of doing in the past .
“ We ’re going to demand , as a coequal branch of government , accountability , ” Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat , told reporters .
“ How is this program being run ?
Is there transparency ? ” Dodd said .
“ The taxpayers want to know that and they have a right to know that . ”
U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that the Bush administration ’s bailout plan lacks “ necessary safeguards ” in several areas .
She said Congress will take action this week to protect taxpayers ’ interests and to ensure the plan includes “ independent oversight , protections for homeowners and constraints on excessive executive compensation . ”
“ We will not simply hand over a $ 700 billion blank check to Wall Street and hope for a better outcome .
Democrats will act responsibly to insulate Main Street from Wall Street , ” she said in a statement .
Rep. Barney Frank proposed putting the bailout program at absorbing bad mortgage assets that have paralyzed the U.S. financial system under the oversight of the U.S. comptroller general , the government ’s main auditor , according to a document obtained by Reuters .
Democrats want to avoid a repeat of Bush , or anyone else in the executive branch , claiming new power with little , if any , congressional oversight .
Following the September 11 attacks , Bush secretly implemented a program of warrantless wiretaps , which he claimed he had the power to do .
After the program was made public and under pressure from lawmakers , Bush moved to put it under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court .
AIM FOR PASSAGE THIS WEEK
Democratic and Republican lawmakers said they hope to pass by the end of this week a version of the financial rescue package .
“ We ’re 40 days away from a national election ” for Congress and the White House , Dodd said on ABC ’s “ This Week . ”
“ This issue supersedes an election .
We need to get this right .
We need to do it quickly , but also deliberately . ”
Appearing on the same show , House of Representatives Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio voiced disgust with the financial turmoil and called for swift action .
“ This is n’t about Wall Street and it ’s not about commercial paper and all of the other nonsense you hear talked about , ” Boehner said .
“ It ’s about protecting our economy , protecting American jobs , their bank accounts , their retirement securities , their college savings fund . ”
Sen . Richard Shelby of Alabama , ranking Republican on the Senate Banking Committee , blamed “ greed and lack of regulatory oversight ” for the financial mess .
Also appearing on “ Face the Nation , ” Shelby predicted there would be more such problems unless there is “ tough regulatory reform in the next Congress . ”
Welcome to the Principia Cybernetica Web
Author : Editors
Updated : Mar 23 , 1998
Filename : DEFAULT.html
To get started , there is an introduction with background and motivation , and an overview , summarizing the project as a whole .
Recent Changes
" What 's new " on this server Searchable index keyword search of all documents ( titles and full - text ) .
Table of Contents a long hierarchical outline , which provides a " standard ordering " through the main material .
Random Link jump to an arbitrary node .
Useful to get unusual suggestions for areas to explore .
" Hit Parade " nodes ordered according to popularity , and other usage statistics for the server ( out - of - date ) .
Map the picture below is a clickable map of the most important nodes of the PCP hierarchy .
Although Principia Cybernetica
Web has received very positive reviews , the work is of course never finished .
The material in this web is continuously being added to and improved .
Nodes followed by the mention " [ empty ] " do n't contain any text yet , only a menu of linked nodes .
Some important results have not yet been converted to hypertext , but may be found in the papers in our FTP - archive .
Comments about content and presentation of the information are appreciated .
If you have any technical problems , questions or suggestions on our Web , please contact the " Webmaster " , Francis Heylighen ( PCP@vub.ac.be ) .
Comments about the content of a node can be addressed to its author (s ) .
You can also directly annotate each node separately , or add general comments to the User Annotations .
We apologize for difficulties you might have in getting files from this server : Internet connections between Belgium and especially America are often overloaded .
Try to avoid the most busy periods : 15.00 to 0.00 hrs ( European time ) , i.e. 9.00 to 18.00 ( US East Coast ) or 6.00 to 15.00 ( US West Coast ) , on weekdays .
We would like to establish a mirror site in the US in order to avoid this problem in the future : proposals welcome !
At present we only have a Belgian back - up FTP - server with WWW documents at ftp.vub.ac.be for emergencies , but it is not kept up - to - date .
These servers are part of the network of the Free University of Brussels .
If you plan to regularly consult this server , you might keep a copy of this home page on your own computer .
Introduction to Principia Cybernetica
Author : Heylighen , Joslyn , Turchin ,
Updated : Apr 1 , 1996
Filename : INTRO.html
Every time has its own approach to these eternal philosophical questions , deriving from its knowledge and technology .
We hold that in our time , the age of information , it is systems science and cybernetics , as the general sciences of organization and communication , that can provide the basis for contemporary philosophy .
Therefore , this philosophical system is derived from , and further develops , the basic principles of cybernetics .
Moreover , we start from the thesis that systems at all levels have been constructed by evolution , which we see as a continuing process of self - organization , based on variation and natural selection of the " fittest " configuration .
Evolution continuously creates complexity and makes systems more adaptive by giving them better control over their environments .
We consider the emergence of a new level of control as the quantum of evolution , and call it a " metasystem transition " .
As cybernetic theory informs our philosophy , so cybernetic technology lets us do things that philosophers of other times could only dream of .
Using computer technology , we develop a large philosophical text from many nodes which are linked together with different relationships .
Readers can navigate among the many concepts , guided by their individual understanding and interests .
Disparate material can be integrated together while being written and read by collaborators from all around the world , undergoing variation and selection .
Thus we apply theories about the evolution of cybernetic systems to the practical development of this very system of philosophy .
We hold that PCP is more than an interesting experiment , and that there is an acute need for an approach similar to PCP .
The on - going explosion and fragmentation of knowledge demands a renewed effort at integration .
This has always been the dream of the systems theorists ; all they lacked was the appropriate technology to attack the complexity of the task .
PCP draws its inspiration from many predecessors in intellectual history , including philosophers , systems scientists and cyberneticians , and others who have tried to collaboratively develop complex systems of thought .
This effort has been on - going since 1989 , and is now in the stage of implementation ( see our history ) .
Of course , the task is enormous , and we are still beginning .
If you are really interested in our Project , we invite you to join our efforts and become a contributor .
For further introductory reading , see the following documents :
Eternal Philosophical Questions
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Nov 5 , 1997
Filename : ETERQUES.html
The present document brings these different questions and answers together , in the form of a " FAQ " ( Frequently Asked Questions ) .
The answers given here are by necessity short .
They barely scratch the surface of a profound and complex issue .
However , where available , we have included links to other documents which discuss the problem in more detail .
The present document can be seen as a roadmap , which will help philosophically interested readers to better explore the Principia Cybernetica world view .
Philosophy
Author : C. Joslyn ,
Updated : Aug 1993
Filename : PHILOSI.html
We begin with the idea that philosophy is a kind of clear , deep thought ; essentially putting our thought and language in order .
This apparently analytic and linguistic understanding arises from the explicit recognition that all expression and communication , in particular all works of philosophy , the body of Principia Cybernetica , and this article itself , exist in a physical form as a series of symbol tokens in a particular modality and interpretable in a specific language and interpretational framework .
It is impossible to consider philosophy in particular outside of the context of its processes and products .
In that respect , philosophy must be understood as a process of philosophizing in which linguistic symbol tokens are produced and received .
This includes the normal linguistic forms of speaking , hearing , reading , and writing , but also other linguistic forms such as diagrams , mathematics , and sign language .
The authors of this paper philosophize as they write it ; the readers philosophize as they read it .
This article itself cannot have any existence " as philosophy " outside of this context of its production and / or reception .
What then distinguishes philosophical linguistic productions from any other ?
It is tempting to distinguish philosophy on the basis of its content , that is its referents , or what it is " about " .
Then we would believe , as some cybernetic philosophers have suggested \cite {BAA53a} , that philosophy is linguistic thought which refers to specific deep questions , e.g. about existence and knowledge , the nature of thought , and the ultimate good .
We do not deny this , but do not believe that it is a good place to start in finding a definition .
Rather the focus on philosophizing as a process leads us to consider philosophy as any language conducted in a certain manner .
In particular , whenever we deal with issues in depth , continually asking " why " and " how " to critically analyze underlying assumptions and move to the foundations of our complex knowledge structures , then that is necessarily philosophy .
Thus we construct philosophy of language , of mind , or of law when we consider these specific subjects in their depth .
Surely we could have a philosophy of plumbing or gum chewing should we wish .
As we proceed in the question asking mode towards deep thought and thus philosophy , then of course we are naturally drawn to the traditional philosophical questions outlined above .
But what distinguishes them as the quintessential philosophical problems is their generality .
Thus if we restrict ourselves specifically to ( say ) philosophy of law or plumbing , then perhaps we can avoid certain general philosophical issues .
Philosophy per se is simply the result of philosophizing in an unrestricted domain of discourse .
See also : Cybernetics and Philosophy ( paper by Turchin in tex format )
Links on Philosophy
Epistemology , introduction
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Sep 1993
Filename : EPISTEMI.html
When we look at the history of epistemology , we can discern a clear trend , in spite of the confusion of many seemingly contradictory positions .
The first theories of knowledge stressed its absolute , permanent character , whereas the later theories put the emphasis on its relativity or situation - dependence , its continuous development or evolution , and its active interference with the world and its subjects and objects .
The whole trend moves from a static , passive view of knowledge towards a more and more adaptive and active one .
Let us start with the Greek philosophers .
In Plato 's view knowledge is merely an awareness of absolute , universal Ideas or Forms , existing independent of any subject trying to apprehend to them .
Though Aristotle puts more emphasis on logical and empirical methods for gathering knowledge , he still accepts the view that such knowledge is an apprehension of necessary and universal principles .
Following the Renaissance , two main epistemological positions dominated philosophy : empiricism , which sees knowledge as the product of sensory perception , and rationalism which sees it as the product of rational reflection .
The implementation of empiricism in the newly developed experimental sciences led to a view of knowledge which is still explicitly or implicity held by many people nowadays : the reflection - correspondence theory .
According to this view knowledge results from a kind of mapping or reflection of external objects , through our sensory organs , possibly aided by different observation instruments , to our brain or mind .
Though knowledge has no a priori existence , like in Plato 's conception , but has to be developed by observation , it is still absolute , in the sense that any piece of proposed knowledge is supposed to either truly correspond to a part of external reality , or not .
In that view , we may in practice never reach complete or absolute knowledge , but such knowledge is somehow conceivable as a limit of ever more precise reflections of reality .
The following important theory developed in that period is the Kantian synthesis of rationalism and empiricism .
According to Kant , knowledge results from the organization of perceptual data on the basis of inborn cognitive structures , which he calls " categories " .
Categories include space , time , objects and causality .
This epistemology does accept the subjectivity of basic concepts , like space and time , and the impossibility to reach purely objective representations of things - in - themselves .
Yet the a priori categories are still static or given .
The next stage of development of epistemology may be called pragmatic .
Parts of it can be found in early twentieth century approaches , such as logical positivism , conventionalism , and the " Copenhagen interpretation " of quantum mechanics .
This philosophy still dominates most present work in cognitive science and artificial intelligence .
According to pragmatic epistemology , knowledge consists of models that attempt to represent the environment in such a way as to maximally simplify problem - solving .
It is assumed that no model can ever hope to capture all relevant information , and even if such a complete model would exist , it would be too complicated to use in any practical way .
Therefore we must accept the parallel existence of different models , even though they may seem contradictory .
The model which is to be chosen depends on the problems that are to be solved .
The basic criterion is that the model should produce correct ( or approximate ) predictions ( which may be tested ) or problem - solutions , and be as simple as possible .
Further questions about the " Ding an Sich " or ultimate reality behind the model are meaningless .
The pragmatic epistemology does not give a clear answer to the question where knowledge or models come from .
There is an implicit assumption that models are built from parts of other models and empirical data on the basis of trial - and - error complemented with some heuristics or intuition .
A more radical point of departure is offered by constructivism .
It assumes that all knowledge is built up from scratch by the subject of knowledge .
There are no ' givens ' , neither objective empirical data or facts , nor inborn categories or cognitive structures .
The idea of a correspondence or reflection of external reality is rejected .
Because of this lacking connection between models and the things they represent , the danger with constructivism is that it may lead to relativism , to the idea that any model constructed by a subject is as good as any other and that there is no way to distinguish adequate or ' true ' knowledge from inadequate or ' false ' knowledge .
We can distinguish two approaches trying to avoid such an ' absolute relativism ' .
The first may be called individual constructivism .
It assumes that an individual attempts to reach coherence among the different pieces of knowledge .
Constructions that are inconsistent with the bulk of other knowledge that the individual has will tend to be rejected .
Constructions that succeed in integrating previously incoherent pieces of knowledge will be maintained .
The second , to be called social constructivism , sees consensus between different subjects as the ultimate criterion to judge knowledge .
' Truth ' or ' reality ' will be accorded only to those constructions on which most people of a social group agree .
In these philosophies , knowledge is seen as largely independent of a hypothetical ' external reality ' or environment .
As the ' radical ' constructivists Maturana and Varela argue , the nervous system of an organism cannot in any absolute way distinguish between a perception ( caused by an external phenomenon ) and a hallucination ( a purely internal event ) .
The only basic criterion is that different mental entities or processes within or between individuals should reach some kind of equilibrium .
Though these constructivistic approaches put much more emphasis on the changing and relative character of knowledge , they are still absolutist in the primacy they give to either social consensus or internal coherence , and their description of construction processes is quite vague and incomplete .
A more broad or synthetic outlook is offered by different forms or evolutionary epistemology .
Here it is assumed that knowledge is constructed by the subject or group of subjects in order to adapt to their environment in the broad sense .
That construction is an on - going process at different levels , biological as well as psychological or social .
Construction happens through blind variation of existing pieces of knowledge , and the selective retention of those new combinations that somehow contribute most to the survival and reproduction of the subject ( s ) within their given environment .
Hence we see that the ' external world ' again enters the picture , although no objective reflection or correspondence is assumed , only an equilibrium between the products of internal variation and different ( internal or external ) selection criteria .
Any form of absolutism or permanence has disappeared in this approach , but knowledge is basically still a passive instrument developed by organisms in order to help them in their quest for survival .
A most recent , and perhaps most radical approach , extends this evolutionary view in order to make knowledge actively pursue goals of its own .
This approach , which as yet has not had the time to develop a proper epistemology , may be called memetics .
It notes that knowledge can be transmitted from one subject to another , and thereby loses its dependence on any single individual .
A piece of knowledge that can be transmitted or replicated in such a way is called a ' meme ' .
The death of an individual carrying a certain meme now no longer implies the elimination of that piece of knowledge , as evolutionary epistemology would assume .
As long as a meme spreads more quickly to new carriers , than that its carriers die , the meme will proliferate , even though the knowledge it induces in any individual carrier may be wholly inadequate and even dangerous to survival .
In this view a piece of knowledge may be succesful ( in the sense that it is common or has many carriers ) even though its predictions may be totally wrong , as long as it is sufficiently ' convincing ' to new carriers .
Here we see a picture where even the subject of knowledge has lost his primacy , and knowledge becomes a force of its own with proper goals and ways of developing itself .
That this is realistic can be illustrated by the many superstitions , fads , and irrational beliefs that have spread over the globe , sometimes with a frightening speed .
Like social constructivism , memetics attracts the attention to communication and social processes in the development of knowledge , but instead of seeing knowledge as constructed by the social system , it rather sees social systems as constructed by knowledge processes .
Indeed , a social group can be defined by the fact that all its members share the same meme ( Heylighen , 1992 ) .
Even the concept of ' self ' , that which distinguishes a person as a individual , can be considered as a piece of knowledge , constructed through social processes ( HarrŽ , 19 ) , and hence a result of memetic evolution .
From a constructivist approach , where knowledge is constructed by individuals or society , we have moved to a memetic approach , which sees society and even individuality as byproducts constructed by an ongoing evolution of independent fragments of knowledge competing for domination .
We have come very far indeed from Plato 's immutable and absolute Ideas , residing in an abstract realm far from concrete objects or subjects , or from the naive realism of the reflection - correspondence theory , where knowledge is merely an image of external objects and their relations .
At this stage , the temptation would be strong to lapse into a purely anarchistic or relativistic attitude , stating that ' anything goes ' , and that it would be impossible to formulate any reliable and general criteria to distinguish ' good ' or adequate pieces of knowledge from bad or inadequate ones .
Yet in most practical situations , our intuition does help us to distinguish perceptions from dreams or hallucinations , and unreliable predictions ( ' I am going to win the lottery ' ) from reliable ones ( ' The sun will come up tomorrow morning ' ) .
And an evolutionary theory still assumes a natural selection which can be understood to a certain degree .
Hence we may assume that it is possible to identify selection criteria , but one of the lessons of this historical overview will be that we should avoid to quickly formulate one absolute criterion .
Neither correspondence , nor coherence or consensus , and not even survivability , are sufficient to ground a theory of knowledge .
At this stage we can only hope to find multiple , independent , and sometimes contradictory criteria , whose judgment may quickly become obsolete .
Yet if we would succeed to formulate these criteria clearly , within a simple and general conceptual framework , we would have an epistemology that synthesizes and extends al of the traditional and less traditional philosophies above .
Metaphysics , introduction
Author : Turchin , Joslyn , Heylighen ,
Updated : Aug 1993
Filename : METAPHI.html
Such a theory would obviously be priceless for judging and constructing more specific physical theories .
When we understand language as a hierarchical model of reality , i.e. a device which produces predictions , and not as a true static picture of the world , metaphysics is understood as much more valuable than just the " free fantasy " of philosophers .
To say that the real nature of the world is a certain way means to propose the construction of a model of the world along those lines .
Metaphysics creates a linguistic model ( logical or conceptual structure ) to serve as a basis for further refinements .
Even though a mature physical theory fastidiously distinguishes itself from metaphysics by formalizing its basic notions and introducing verifiable criteria , metaphysics , in a very important sense , is physics .
Philosophies traditionally start with an ontology or metaphysics : a theory of being in itself , of the essence of things , of the fundamental principles of existence and reality .
In a traditional systemic philosophy , " organization " might be seen as the fundamental principle of being , rather than God , matter , or the laws of nature .
However this still begs the question of where this organization comes from .
In a constructive systemic philosophy , on the other hand , the essence is the process through which this organization is created .
Process Metaphysics
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Jan 24 , 1997
Filename : PROCMETA.html
See further :
Ontology , introduction
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Aug 15 , 1995
Filename : ONTOLI.html
a branch of metaphysics relating to the nature and relations of being a particular theory about the nature of being or the kinds of existence
Recently , the term of " ( formal ) ontology " has been up taken by researchers in Artificial Intelligence , who use it to designate the building blocks out of which models of the world are made . ( see e.g . " What is an ontology ? " ) .
An agent ( e.g. an autonomous robot ) using a particular model will only be able to perceive that part of the world that his ontology is able to represent .
In a sense , only the things in his ontology can exist for that agent .
In that way , an ontology becomes the basic level of a knowledge representation scheme .
See for example my set of link types for a semantic network representation which is based on a set of " ontological " distinctions : changing - invariant , and general - specific .
Ethics , introduction
Updated : Aug 1993
Filename : ETHICSI.html
What is a world view ?
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Dec 9 , 1996
Filename : WORLVIEW.html
What we need is a framework that ties everything together , that allows us to understand society , the world , and our place in it , and that could help us to make the critical decisions which will shape our future .
It would synthesize the wisdom gathered in the different scientific disciplines , philosophies and religions .
Rather than focusing on small sections of reality , it would provide us with a picture of the whole .
In particular , it would help us to understand , and therefore cope with , complexity and change .
Such a conceptual framework may be called a " world view " .
The Belgian philosopher Leo Apostel has devoted his life to the development of such an integrating world view .
As he quickly understood , the complexity of this task is too great for one man .
Therefore , a major part of Apostel 's efforts were directed at gathering other people , with different scientific and cultural backgrounds , to collaborate on this task .
Only in the last years of his life , after several failed attempts , did he managed to create such an organization : the " Worldviews " group , which includes people from disciplines as diverse as engineering , psychiatry , theology , theoretical physics , sociology and biology .
Their first major product was a short book entitled " World views , from fragmentation to integration " .
This booklet is a call to arms , a program listing objectives rather than achievements .
Its main contribution is a clear definition of what a world view is , and which are its necessary components .
The " Worldviews " group has continued to work on different components and aspects of this general objective .
Many of its members are also involved in a new interdisciplinary research center at the Free University of Brussels , which is named after Leo Apostel : the " Center Leo Apostel " .
The book lists seven fundamental components of a world view .
I will discuss them one by one , using a formulation which is slightly different from the one in the book , but which captures the main ideas .
A model of the world
It should allow us to understand how the world functions and how it is structured .
" World " here means the totality , everything that exists around us , including the physical universe , the Earth , life , mind , society and culture .
We ourselves are an important part of that world .
Therefore , a world view should also answer the basic question : " Who are we ? " .
Explanation
The second component is supposed to explain the first one .
It should answer the questions : " Why is the world the way it is ?
Where does it all come from ?
Where do we come from ? " .
This is perhaps the most important part of a world view .
If we can explain how and why a particular phenomenon ( say life or mind ) has arisen , we will be able to better understand how that phenomenon functions .
It will also help us to understand how that phenomenon will continue to evolve .
Futurology
This extrapolation of past evolution into the future defines a third component of a world view : futurology .
It should answer the question " Where are we going to ? "
It should give us a list of possibilities , of more or less probable future developments .
But this will confront us with a choice : which of the different alternatives should we promote and which should we avoid ?
Values
This is the more fundamental issue of value : " What is good and what is evil ? "
The theory of values defines the fourth component of a world view .
It includes morality or ethics , the system of rules which tells us how we should or should not behave .
It also gives us a sense of purpose , a direction or set of goals to guide our actions .
Together with the answer to the question " why ? " , the answer to the question " what for ? " , may help us to understand the real meaning of life .
Action Knowing what to strive for does not yet mean knowing how to get there , though .
The next component must be a theory of action ( praxiology ) .
It would answer the question " How should we act ? "
It would help us to solve practical problems and to implement plans of action .
Knowledge Plans are based on knowledge and information , on theories and models describing the phenomena we encounter .
Therefore , we need to understand how we can construct reliable models .
This is the component of knowledge acquisition .
It is equivalent to what in philosophy is called " epistemology " or " the theory of knowledge " .
It should allow us to distinguish better theories from worse theories .
It should answer the traditional philosophical question " What is true and what is false ? "
Building Blocks
The final point on the agenda of a world view builder is not meant to answer any fundamental question .
It just reminds us that world views cannot be developed from scratch .
You need building blocks to start with .
These building blocks can be found in existing theories , models , concepts , guidelines and values , scattered over the different disciplines and ideologies .
This defines the seventh component : fragments of world views as a starting point .
Cybernetics and Systems Theory
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Apr 29 , 1996
Filename : CYBSYSTH.html
Cybernetics and Systems Theory is an interdisciplinary academic domain .
Although there are relatively few research centers and even fewer educational programs devoted to the domain , a lot of activity is going on in between established departments .
This is shown by the number of associations , conferences and journals active in the domain .
The best way of getting acquainted with the main ideas of cybernetics and systems theory is to read a few of the classic books or papers defining the domain .
Other , specific bibliographic references can be found in the library database of the Department of Medical Cybernetics and AI at the University of Vienna .
There also exists more general reference material , including our own Web Dictionary of basic concepts .
You can get in touch with cybernetics and systems people via existing mailing lists and newsgroups , personal or departmental home pages , or by visiting conferences in the field ( see the Calendar of events from the International Federation of Systems Research ) .
What are Cybernetics and Systems Science ?
Author : F. Heylighen , C. Joslyn , V. Turchin ,
Updated : Feb 18 , 1998
Filename : CYBSWHAT.html
Systems theory or systems science argues that however complex or diverse the world that we experience , we will always find different types of organization in it , and such organization can be described by principles which are independent from the specific domain at which we are looking .
Hence , if we would uncover those general laws , we would be able to analyse and solve problems in any domain , pertaining to any type of system .
The systems approach distinguishes itself from the more traditional analytic approach by emphasizing the interactions and connectedness of the different components of a system .
Many of the concepts used by system scientists come from the closely related approach of cybernetics : information , control , feedback , communication ...
Cybernetics , deriving from the Greek word for steersman ( kybernetes ) , was first introduced by the mathematician Wiener , as the science of communication and control in the animal and the machine ( to which we now might add : in society and in individual human beings ) .
It grew out of Shannon 's information theory , which was designed to optimize the transmission of information through communication channels , and the feedback concept used in engineering control systems .
In its present incarnation of " second - order cybernetics " , its emphasis is on how observers construct models of the systems with which they interact ( see constructivism ) .
In fact cybernetics and systems theory study essentially the same problem , that of organization independent of the substrate in which it is embodied .
Insofar as it is meaningful to make a distinction between the two approaches , we might say that systems theory has focused more on the structure of systems and their models , whereas cybernetics has focused more on how systems function , that is to say how they control their actions , how they communicate with other systems or with their own components , ...
Since structure and function of a system cannot be understood in separation , it is clear that cybernetics and systems theory should be viewed as two facets of a single approach .
This insight has had as a result that the two domains have in practice almost merged : many , if not most , of the central associations , journals and conferences in the field include both terms , " systems " and " cybernetics " , in their title .
The following links should provide plenty of introductory material and references .
An excellent , easy to read overview of the systems approach can be found in our web edition of the book " The Macroscope " .
Together with our dictionary , and list of basic books and papers , this should be sufficient for an introductory course in the domain :
Outside links :
What is Systems Theory ?
Author : F. Heylighen , C. Joslyn ,
Updated : Nov. 1 , 1992
Filename : SYSTHEOR.html
Synopsys : Systems
Theory : the transdisciplinary study of the abstract organization of phenomena , independent of their substance , type , or spatial or temporal scale of existence .
It investigates both the principles common to all complex entities , and the ( usually mathematical ) models which can be used to describe them .
Systems theory was proposed in the 1940's by the biologist Ludwig von Bertalanffy ( : General Systems Theory , 1968 ) , and furthered by Ross Ashby ( Introduction to Cybernetics , 1956 ) .
von Bertalanffy was both reacting agaInst reductionism and attempting to revive the unity of science .
He emphasized that real systems are open to , and interact with , their environments , and that they can acquire qualitatively new properties through emergence , resulting in continual evolution .
Rather than reducing an entity ( e.g. the human body ) to the properties of its parts or elements ( e.g. organs or cells ) , systems theory focuses on the arrangement of and relations between the parts which connect them into a whole ( cf. holism ) .
This particular organization determines a system , which is independent of the concrete substance of the elements ( e.g. particles , cells , transistors , people , etc ) .
Thus , the same concepts and principles of organization underlie the different disciplines ( physics , biology , technology , sociology , etc. ) , providing a basis for their unification .
Systems concepts include : system - environment boundary , input , output , process , state , hierarchy , goal - directedness , and information .
The developments of systems theory are diverse ( Klir , Facets of Systems Science , 1991 ) , including conceptual foundations and philosophy ( e.g. the philosophies of Bunge , Bahm and Laszlo ) ; mathematical modeling and information theory ( e.g. the work of Mesarovic and Klir ) ; and practical applications .
Mathematical systems theory arose from the development of isomorphies between the models of electrical circuits and other systems .
Applications include engineering , computing , ecology , management , and family psychotherapy .
Systems analysis , developed independently of systems theory , applies systems principles to aid a decisIon - maker with problems of identifying , reconstructing , optimizing , and controlling a system ( usually a socio - technical organization ) , while taking into account multiple objectives , constraints and resources .
It aims to specify possible courses of action , together with their risks , costs and benefits .
Systems theory is closely connected to cybernetics , and also to system dynamics , which models changes in a network of coupled variables ( e.g. the " world dynamics " models of Jay Forrester and the Club of Rome ) .
Related ideas are used in the emerging " sciences of complexity " , studying self - organization and heterogeneous networks of interacting actors , and associated domains such as far - from - equilibrium thermodynamics , chaotic dynamics , artificial life , artificial intelligence , neural networks , and computer modeling and simulation .
Francis Heylighen and Cliff Joslyn
Prepared for the Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy . ( Copyright Cambridge University Press )
Analytic vs. Systemic Approaches
Author : J. de Rosnay
Updated : Feb 17 , 1997
Filename : ANALSYST.html
The analytic and the systemic approaches are more complementary than opposed , yet neither one is reducible to the other .
The analytic approach seeks to reduce a system to its elementary elements in order to study in detail and understand the types of interaction that exist between them .
By modifying one variable at a time , it tries to infer general laws that will enable one to predict the properties of a system under very different conditions .
To make this prediction possible , the laws of the additivity of elementary properties must be invoked .
This is the case in homogeneous systems , those composed of similar elements and having weak interactions among them .
Here the laws of statistics readily apply , enabling one to understand the behavior of the multitude - of disorganized complexity .
The laws of the additivity of elementary properties do not apply in highly complex systems composed of a large diversity of elements linked together by strong interactions .
These systems must be approached by new methods such as those which the systemic approach groups together .
The purpose of the new methods is to consider a system in its totality , its complexity , and its own dynamics Through simulation one can " animate " a system and observe in real time the effects of the different kinds of interactions among its elements .
The study of this behavior leads in time to the determination of rules that can modify the system or design other systems .
The following table compares , one by one , the traits of the two approaches .
Analytic Approach Systemic Approach isolates , then concentrates on the elements unifies and concentrates on the interaction between elements studies the nature of interaction studies the effects of interactions emphasizes the precision of details emphasizes global perception modifies one variable at a time modifies groups of variables simultaneously remains independent of duration of time ; the phenomena considered are reversible .
integrates duration of time and irreversibility validates facts by means of experimental proof within the body of a theory validates facts through comparison of the behavior of the model with reality uses precise and detailed models that are less useful in actual operation ( example : econometric models ) uses models that are insufficiently rigorous to be used as bases of knowledge but are useful in decision and action ( example : models of the Club of Rome ) has an efficient approach when interactions are linear and weak has an efficient approach when interactions are nonlinear and strong leads to discipline - oriented ( juxtadisciplinary ) education leads to multidisciplinary education leads to action programmed in detail leads to action through objectives possesses knowledge of details poorly defined goals possesses knowledge of goals , fuzzy details
This table , while useful in its simplicity , is nevertheless a caricature of reality .
The presentation is excessively dualist ; it confines thought to an alternative from which it seems difficult to escape .
Numerous other points of comparison deserve to be mentioned .
Yet without being exhaustive the table has the advantage of effectively opposing the two complementary approaches , one of which - the analytic approach - has been favored disproportionately in our educational system .
The Nature of Cybernetic Systems
Author : C. Joslyn ,
Updated : Jan 1992
Filename : CYBSNAT.html
Complexity : Cybernetic systems are complex structures , with many heterogeneous interacting components .
Mutuality :
These many components interact in parallel , cooperatively , and in real time , creating multiple simultaneous interactions among subsystems .
Complementarity :
These many simultaneous modes of interaction lead to subsystems which participate in multiple processes and structures , yielding any single dimension of description incomplete , and requiring multiple complementary , irreducible levels of analysis .
Evolvability : Cybernetic systems tend to evolve and grow in an opportunistic manner , rather than be designed and planned in an optimal manner .
Constructivity : Cybernetic systems are constructive , in that as they tend to increase in size and complexity , they become historically bound to previous states while simultaneously developing new traits .
Reflexivity : Cybernetic systems are rich in internal and external feedback , both positive and negative .
Ultimately , they can enter into the " ultimate " feedback of reflexive self - application , in which their components are operated on simultaneously from complementary perspectives , for example as entities and processes .
Such situations may result in the reflexive phenomena of self - reference , self - modeling , self - production , and self - reproduction .
Cybernetics and Systems Science in Academics
Author : C. Joslyn , F. Heylighen ,
Updated : Jan 1992
Filename : CYBSACAD.html
Some recent fashionable approaches have their roots in ideas that were proposed by cyberneticians many decades ago : e.g. artificial intelligence , neural networks , complex systems , human - machine interfaces , self - organization theories , systems therapy , etc .
Most of the fundamental concepts and questions of these approaches have already been formulated by cyberneticians such as Wiener , Ashby , von Bertalanffy \cite {V L56} , Boulding , von Foerster , von Neumann , McCulloch , and Pask in the 1940 's through 1960's .
But since its founding , Cybernetics and Systems Science have struggled to find a degree of " respectability " in the academic community .
While little interdisciplinary work has prospered recently , cyberneticians especially have failed to find homes in academic institutions , or to create their own .
Very few academic programs in Cybernetics and Systems Science exist , and those working in the new disciplines described above seem to have forgotten their cybernetic predecessors .
What is the reason that cybernetics does not get the popularity it deserves ?
What distinguishes cyberneticians from researchers in the previously mentioned areas is that the former stubbornly stick to their objective of building general , domain independent theories , whereas the latter focus on very specific applications : expert systems , psychotherapy , thermodynamics , pattern recognition , etc .
General integration remains too abstract , and is not sufficiently successful to be really appreciated .
As an interdisciplinary field , Cybernetics and Systems Science sees common concepts used in multiple traditional disciplines and attempts to achieve a consensual unification by finding common terms for similar concepts in these multiple disciplines .
Thus sometimes Cybernetics and Systems Science abstracts away from concepts , theories , and terminologies in specific discipline towards general , and perhaps idiosyncratic , usages .
These new conceptual categories may not be recognizable to the traditional researchers , or they may find no utility in the use of the general concepts .
Clearly the problem of building a global theory is much more complex than any of the more down - to - earth goals of the fashionable approaches .
But we may also say that the generality of the approach is dangerous in itself if it leads to being " stuck " in abstractions which are so far removed from the everyday world that it is difficult to use them , interact with them , or test them on concrete problems ; in other words , to get a feel for how they behave and what their strengths and weaknesses are .
Although there are many exceptions , researchers in Cybernetics and Systems Science tend to be trained in a traditional specialty ( like biology , management , or psychology ) and then come to apply themselves to problems in other areas , perhaps a single other area .
Thus their exposure to Cybernetics and Systems Science concepts and theory tends to be somewhat ad hoc and specific to the two or three fields they apply themselves to .
Existing Cybernetic Foundations
Author : C. Joslyn ,
Filename : CYBFOUND.html
Few have even attempted to address foundational theoretical and methodological issues in anything other than an ad hoc manner .
Some conceptual " frameworks " exist at the formal , mathematical level \cite {KLG85c , MEMTA88} .
Some researchers have presented integrated conceptual frameworks for major areas of systems science \cite {JAE80 a , ODH83 , POW73 , TUV77} , and there have been some attempts to develop the foundations of the philosophy underlying cybernetics and systems theory \cite {
BUM74 , LAE72} .
Yet these works focus specifically on cybernetics and systems theory from the perspectives of the traditional fields of mathematics or philosophy respectively ; they are still locked into the traditional forms of development of academic work .
There is as yet no systems theory of systems theories .
There is at the same time a lack of researchers who are willing or able to address themselves to the general problems and theories encompassed by cybernetics and systems theory .
The lack of a coherent terminology and methodology is reflected in a lack of basic textbooks and glossaries , ( with some exceptions \ cite { ASR56 , KLG91a , WEG75} ) and further in a failure to establish even primary educational programs to instruct upcoming generations .
What little interdisciplinary work has prospered has profited from the developments in cybernetics and systems theory over the past few decades while either ignoring or deliberately avoiding any reliance on cybernetics and systems theory ( e.g. cite { SFI , WOS88} ) .
The lack of a strong foundation for or consensus within cybernetics and systems theory extends to the very basic information about the field .
How do we describe ourselves , what can we tell new students and outsiders ?
Cybernetics and systems theory has been alternatively described as a science , a point of view , a world - view , an approach , an outlook , or a kind of applied philosophy or applied mathematics .
There are those in our community who approve of and even champion this state of affairs .
They focus on the creativity of the maverick academics who are drawn to cybernetics and systems theory , and decry any attempts to structure or build a solid theory .
( Again , with some notable exceptions \cite { UMS90} . )
Clearly this lack of balance has led to rather poor review standards in systems journals and conferences , and a low " signal to noise ratio " .
What can account for the current state of affairs in cybernetics and systems theory , the lack of a consensually held fundamental theory ?
Is it inherent in the field , and necessary in any broad interdisciplinary studies ?
Or is it an historical accident , exacerbated by the personalities and careers of individual researchers ?
The Principia Cybernetica Project holds that there are in fact fundamental and foundational concepts , principles , and theories immanent in the body and literature of cybernetics and systems theory which do hold to general information systems , including all living and evolving systems at all levels of analysis .
We contend that the lack of a fundamental theory is due to a lack of investment in the field .
Support for and investment in a field are mutually reinforcing .
A lack of either will lead to a lack of the other .
Cybernetic Technology
Author : Heylighen ,
Updated : Oct 18 , 1993
Filename : CYBTECH.html
The domain of computing applications has grown so quickly that labeling anything that uses a computer as " cybernetic " is more obscuring than enlightening .
Therefore we would restrict the label " cybernetic technology " to those information processing and transmitting tools that somehow increase the general purpose " intelligence " of the user , that is to say the control the user has over information and communication .
Especially all " value - added " computer - supported communication technologies ( electronic mailing list , such as PRNCYB-L , newsgroups and bulletin boards , various forms of groupware , electronic publishing tools such as FTP or WWW ) fall under this heading .
They make it possible to exchange information in a very fast , simple and reliable way , so that it is automatically stored and ready for immediate further processing or transfer .
The practical implication is that communication channels between far - away locations becomes so flexible and direct that they remind us of nerves , connecting and controlling different parts of an organism .
The group of cooperators thus can behave more like a single system , with a vastly increased knowledge and intelligence , rather than like a collection of scattered individuals who now and then exchange limited messages , that need a lot of time to reach their destination and be processed .
In addition to communication , there is the aspect of increased control over information .
The is especially obvious in computing tools that offer some kind of additional intelligence to the user : 1 ) everything deriving from artificial intelligence , and its daughter fields , such as expert systems , machine learning , and neural networks , where certain cognitive processes are automatized and thus taken over from the user ; 2 ) the different tools that offer better ways to organize and represent information or knowledge , i.e. that support the user in building useful models .
This category includes all types of computer simulation ( e.g. virtual reality ) , knowledge representation tools , hypertext and multimedia , databases and information retrieval .
The two features of computer intelligence and modelling are merged in what may be called " knowledge structuring " : the use of computer programs that reorganize models in order to make them more adequate ( more correct , simple , rich , easy - to- use , ... ) .
( see a short paper by me , suggesting a possible way to introduce knowledge structuring in hypertexts )
The merging of the twin cybernetic dimensions of communication and control leads us to envision an all - encompassing , " intelligent " communication network , cyberspace , which may form the substrate for an emerging world - wide super - brain .
See also : Cybermedia
Cyberspace
Author : Heylighen ,
Updated : Oct 17 , 1994
Filename : CYBSPACE.html
" Cyberspace is the `place` where a telephone conversation appears to occur .
Not inside your actual phone , the plastic device on your desk .
Not inside the other person 's phone , in some other city .
_ The_place_between_ the phones .
The indefinate place _out_there_ , where the two of you , human beings , actually meet and communicate . "
Bruce Sterling [ The Hacker Crackdown ]
The word " cyberspace " was coined by the science fiction author William Gibson , when he sought a name to describe his vision of a global computer network , linking all people , machines and sources of information in the world , and through which one could move or " navigate " as through a virtual space .
The word " cyber " , apparently referring to the science of cybernetics , was well - chosen for this purpose , as it derives from the Greek verb " Kubernao " , which means " to steer " and which is the root of our present word " to govern " .
It connotes both the idea of navigation through a space of electronic data , and of control which is achieved by manipulating those data .
For example , in one of his novels Gibson describes how someone , by entering cyberspace , could steer computer - controlled helicopters to a different target .
Gibson 's cyberspace is thus not a space of passive data , such as a library : its communication channels connect to the real world , and allow cyberspace navigators to interact with that world .
The reference to cybernetics is important in a third respect : cybernetics defines itself as a science of information and communication , and cyberspace 's substrate is precisely the joint network of all existing communication channels and information stores connecting people and machines .
The word " space " , on the other hand , connotes several aspects .
First , a space has a virtually infinite extension , including so many things that they can never be grasped all at once .
This is a good description of the already existing collections of electronic data , on e.g. the Internet .
Second , space connotes the idea of free movement , of being able to visit a variety of states or places .
Third , a space has some kind of a geometry , implying concepts such as distance , direction and dimension .
The most direct implementation of the latter idea is the technology of virtual reality , where a continuous three - dimensional space is generated by computer , which reacts to the user 's movements and manipulations like a real physical space would .
In a more metaphorical way , the geometry ( or at least topology ) of space can be found in the network of links and references characterizing a hypertext ( which can be seen as the most general form for a collection of interlinked data ) .
Nodes in a hypertext can be close or distant , depending on the number of links one must traverse in order to get from the one to the other .
Moreover , the set of links in a given node define a number of directions in which one can move .
However , a hypertext does not seem to have any determined number of dimensions ( except perhaps infinity ) , it is not continuous but " chunky " , and the distance between two points is in general different depending on the point from which one starts to move .
One of the challenges for the researchers who are trying to make present computer networks look more like a Gibsonian cyberspace is to integrate the intuitive geometry of 3 - D virtual reality , with the more general , but cognitively confusing , infinite dimensionality of hypertext nets ( see e.g. NCSA 's project on navigation through information space ) .
A first step in that direction are the extensions to World - Wide Web which allow the user to do hypermedia navigation in a two - dimensional image ( e.g. a map of Internet Resources ) , by associating clicks in different areas of the image with different hyperlinks .
More ambitious proposals to develop a Virtual Reality interface to the World - Wide Web are being discussed .
As a description for what presently exists , the word " cyberspace " is used in a variety of significations , which each emphasize one or more of the meanings sketched above .
Some use it as a synonym for virtual reality , others as a synonym for the World - Wide Web hypermedia network , or for the Internet as a whole ( sometimes including the telephone , TV , and other communication networks ) .
None of the uses already seems to incorporate the most intrinsically cybernetic aspect of the concept : that of a shared medium through which one can exert control over one 's environment .
Control can apply as well to objects in cyberspace ( e.g. when you alter the information in database through a Web form interface ) , as to objects in the real world ( telepresence or teleoperation ) .
As a first example of the control possibilities offered by the World - Wide Web , it is possible to steer a operated robot arm to do excavations .
I would venture that it is that last dimension which will turn out to be the most important one in the future , as it may form the substrate for a cybernetic " superbeing " or " metabeing " ...
See also :
Cybernetic Theory and Cybernetic Practice
Author : C. Joslyn ,
Updated : Jan 1992
Filename : CYBTHPRA.html
It is therefore not surprising that the use of this same technology is the bedrock of practicing cyberneticians , and further holds the promise to resolve some of these conflicts between the objects and nature of cybernetic theory and the nature of academic work .
In particular , it is now possible to develop representational media which share the characteristics of the systems being studied :
Complexity :
The miniaturization and speed of computer components allows the representation of models and systems of great complexity , with many interacting elements at a variety of scales .
Complementarity : Not only automated indexing and look - up mechanisms , but especially the recent developments in hypertext and hypermedia have allowed representations of complex systems which can have multiple orderings , and thus a nonlinear structure .
Mutuality :
There is a great deal of current research in parallel processes and cooperative work amongst researchers .
Such systems allow real - time , simultaneous interaction among many agents ( either programs or people ) .
The nonlinear structure of hypermedia allows for the representations of the work of all cooperating agents .
Evolvability : A hallmark of electronic representations is their plasticity .
Dynamic memories ( such as electronic RAMs ) are designed for minimal time to change their state ; while even more static memories ( such as tape drives ) are easily modified .
Furthermore , the multiple orderings available through hypermedia allow for easy location of information to be changed .
This results in systems which can easily be changed and modified to reflect conditions or the desires of their creators .
Constructivity : Again , partly due to these nonlinear representations , maintaining dynamically changing representations which record and preserve the history of their development is quite feasible .
Edits , updates , and general change and growth can be represented directly , and revealed or concealed as desired .
Reflexivity : Another hallmark of computer technology is that it is fundamentally reflexive .
The ability to treat a given piece of information as either an object for manipulation or as representing something is the essence of the program / data distinction which allows for programmable machines .
Some computer systems ( e.g. Lisp , Smalltalk , and Refal ) make this reflexivity explicit , representing program as data , or a data type as a data object , yielding programming environments which are extensible .
Furthermore , the mathematical bases of computational theory in Turing machines and recursive functions are also inherently reflexive .
Recursiveness in formal systems is used to represent feedback in cybernetic systems .
Cybernetics and Systems Science and Academic Work
Author : C. Joslyn ,
Updated : Aug 1993
Filename : ^CYBSWORK.html
Traditional analytic methods tend to focus on individual , simple subsystems in isolation , while only occasionally ( and frequently inaccurately ) extrapolating to group traits .
Temporal and physical levels of analysis are abstracted and isolated , and disciplinary divisions cut off consideration of their interaction .
This inadequacy is reflected in the actual products of academic and scientific work , the books , papers , and lectures which are the coin in trade for academic workers .
Such works ( like all traditional publications ) have a linear structure , ranging from long treatises to collections of short paragraphs or sections ( e.g. the work of Aristotle \cite { AR43} or Wittgenstein \ cite { WIL58} ) .
Various indexing and other methods are available to gain " random access " within documents .
Dictionaries , encyclopedias , and other reference works partially introduce nonlinear structures through internal references ( e.g. \cite {EDP67 , KRK84, FLA79} ) .
Some authors have made halting efforts in the direction of nonlinear documents \cite {MIM86} ; others have used pictures and graphical notation to aid in understanding \cite {VOH81 , ABRSHC85 , VAF75 , HAD88} .
And certainly the use of formal systems ( mathematics and logical notations ) have given the ability to construct large , complex linguistic systems .
Nevertheless , over the years the fundamental linear textual form has been maintained .
Works are produced by single or at most small groups of authors .
Collaborative work among more than two people remains next to impossible .
Work proceeds almost entirely in natural language .
The development of large , complex systems of philosophical thought in non-formal domains has been difficult .
Once published , the works sit on library shelves in mute inactivity .
They are not even open to revision except through further publications and errata .
The connections among and within works are revealed only through laborious reference searches and synthetic works by diligent authors .
Tracing the historical development of ideas is as laborious as that of bibliographical relation .
The physical form of texts required that the products of one author or the writings on one subject be physically scattered throughout a vast published literature , leading to a cacophonous din of argument and discourse .
The disciplinary divisions of academic work also place a regimented , linear , and highly specific structure to the categorization of published books and papers .
Cybernetics and systems science researchers , on the other hand , typically utilize a great deal of the library shelves , including mathematics , all the traditional sciences , psychology and sociology , philosophy , linguistics , etc .
In fact , ultimately there can be little doubt that cybernetics and systems science are not " academic disciplines " at all in the traditional sense of the word .
As the trans- ( inter - , meta- , anti - ) disciplinary studies of general systems and information systems , cybernetics and systems science has long fought against the traditional disciplinary divisions of intellectual specialization .
This critique can be extended to the ultimate reflexivity of cybernetics and systems science , in which the academic milieu in which they operate is regarded as another cybernetic system , and therefore an object of study which itself should be understood through cybernetic principles .
( Similarly , Turchin \cite {TUV77} describes the ultimate end of science as the reflexive study of the scientific process . )
Relation to other disciplines
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Nov 12 , 1996
Filename : CYBSREL.html
Unfortunately , few practitioners in these recent disciplines seem to be aware that many of their concepts and methods were proposed or used by cyberneticians since many years .
Subjects like complexity , self - organization , connectionism and adaptive systems have already been extensively studied in the 1940's and 1950's , by researchers like Wiener , Ashby , von Neumann and von Foerster , and in discussion forums like the famous Josiah Macy meetings on cybernetics [ Heims , 1991 ] .
Some recent popularizing books on " the sciences of complexity " ( e.g. Waldrop , 1992 ) seem to ignore this fact , creating the false impression that work on complex adaptive systems only started in earnest with the creation of the Santa Fe Institute in the 1980's .
Reference : S. Heims .
The Cybernetics Group .
MIT Press , Cambridge MA , 1991 .
Complex Adaptive Systems
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Nov 12 , 1996
Filename : CAS.html
Two popular science books , one by the science writer Mitchell Waldrop and one by the Nobel laureate and co-founder of the Santa Fe Institute Murray Gell - Mann , offer good reviews of the main ideas underlying the CAS approach .
Another Santa
Fe collaborator , the systems analyst John Casti , has written several popular science books , discussing different issues in the modelling of complex systems , while integrating insights from the CAS approach with the two older traditions .
John Holland is the founder of the domain of genetic algorithms .
These are parallel , computational representations of the processes of variation , recombination and selection on the basis of fitness that underly most processes of evolution and adaptation ( Holland , 1992 ) .
They have been successfully applied to general problem solving , control and optimization tasks , inductive learning ( classifier systems , Holland et al. , 1986 ) , and the modelling of ecological systems ( the ECHO model , Holland , 1996 ) .
The biologist Stuart Kauffman has tried to understand how networks of mutually activating or inhibiting genes can give rise to the differentiation of organs and tissues during embryological development .
This led him to investigate the properties of Boolean networks of different sizes and degrees of connectedness .
Through a reasoning reminiscent of Ashby , he proposes that the self - organization exhibited by such networks of genes or chemical reactions is an essential factor in evolution , complementary to Darwinian selection by the environment .
Holland 's and Kauffman 's work , together with Dawkins ' simulations of evolution and Varela 's models of autopoietic systems , provide essential inspiration for the new discipline of artificial life , This approach , initiated by Chris Langton ( 1989 , 1992 ) , tries to develop technological systems ( computer programs and autonomous robots ) that exhibit lifelike properties , such as reproduction , sexuality , swarming , and co-evolution .
Tom Ray 's Tierra program proposes perhaps the best example of a complex , evolving ecosystem , with different species of " predators " , " parasites " and " prey " , that exists only in a computer .
Backed by Kauffman 's work on co-evolution , Wolfram 's cellular automata studies , and Bak 's investigations of self - organized criticality , Langton ( 1990 ) has proposed the general thesis that complex systems emerge and maintain on the edge of chaos , the narrow domain between frozen constancy and chaotic turbulence .
The " edge of chaos " idea is another step towards an elusive general definition of complexity .
Another widely cited attempt at a definition in computational terms was proposed by Charles Bennett .
Another investigation which has strongly influenced the artificial life community is Robert Axelrod 's game theoretic simulation of the evolution of cooperation .
By letting different strategies compete in a repeated Prisoner 's Dilemma game , Axelrod ( 1984 ) showed that mutually cooperating , " tit - for - tat " - like strategies tend to dominate purely selfish ones in the long run .
This transition from biological evolution to social exchanges naturally leads into the modelling of economic processes ( Anderson , Arrow & Pines , 1988 ) .
W. Brian Arthur has systematically investigated self - reinforcing processes in the economy , where the traditional law of decreasing returns is replaced by a law of increasing returns , leading to the path - dependence and lock - in of contingent developments .
More recently ( 1994 ) , he has simulated the seemingly chaotic behavior of stock exchange - like systems by programming agents that are continuously trying to guess the future behavior of the system to which they belong , and use these predictions as basis for their actions .
The conclusion is that the different predictive strategies cancel each other out , so that the long term behavior of the system becomes intrinsically unpredictable .
This result leads back to von Foerster 's second - order cybernetics , according to which models of social systems change the very systems they intend to model .
Bibliography : see the " classic publications on complex , evolving systems " .
See also :
Web servers on complexity and self - organization
Self - organization and complexity in the natural sciences
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Nov 12 , 1996
Filename : COMPNATS.html
The physicist Hermann Haken ( 1978 ) has suggested the label of synergetics for the field that studies the collective patterns emerging from many interacting components , as they are found in chemical reactions , crystal formations or lasers .
Another Nobel laureate , Manfred Eigen ( 1992 ) , has focused on the origin of life , the domain where chemical self - organization and biological evolution meet .
He has introduced the concepts of hypercycle , an autocatalytic cycle of chemical reactions containing other cycles , and of quasispecies , the fuzzy distribution of genotypes characterizing a population of quickly mutating organisms or molecules ( 1979 ) .
The modelling of non-linear systems in physics has led to the concept of chaos , a deterministic process characterized by extreme sensitivity to its initial conditions ( Crutchfield , Farmer , Packard & Shaw , 1986 ) .
Although chaotic dynamics is not strictly a form of evolution , it is an important aspect of the behavior of complex systems .
The science journalist James Gleick has written a popular history of , and introduction to , the field .
Cellular automata , mathematical models of distributed dynamical processes characterized by a discrete space and time , have been widely used to study phenomena such as chaos , attractors and the analogy between dynamics and computation through computer simulation .
Stephen Wolfram has made a fundamental classification of their types of behavior .
Catastrophe theory proposes a mathematical classification of the critical behavior of continuous mappings .
It was developed by René Thom ( 1975 ) in order to model the ( continuous ) development of ( discontinuous ) forms in organisms , thus extending the much older work by the biologist D' Arcy Thompson ( 1917 ) .
Another French mathematician , Benoit Mandelbrot ( 1983 ) , has founded the field of fractal geometry , which models the recurrence of similar patterns at different scales which characterizes most natural systems .
Such self - similar structures exhibit power laws , like the famous Zipf 's law governing the frequency of words .
By studying processes such as avalanches and earthquakes , Per Bak ( 1988 , 1991 ) has shown that many complex systems will spontaneously evolve to the critical edge between order ( stability ) and chaos , where the size of disturbances obeys a power law , large disturbances being less frequent than small ones .
This phenomenon , which he called self - organized criticality , may also provide an explanation for the punctuated equilibrium dynamics seen in biological evolution .
Bibliography : see the " classic publications on complex , evolving systems " .
See also :
Web servers on complexity and self - organization
History of Cybernetics and Systems Science
Author : J. de Rosnay
Updated : Nov 6 , 1996
Filename : CYBSHIST.html
In illustrating a new current of thought , it is often useful to follow a thread .
Our thread will be the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
In three steps , each of about ten years , MIT was to go from the birth of cybernetics to the most critical issue , the debate on limits to growth .
Each of these advances was marked by many travels back and forth -- typical of the systemic approach -- between machine , man , and society .
In the course of this circulation of ideas there occurred transfers of method and terminology that later fertilized unexplored territory .
In the forties the first step forward led from the machine to the living organism , transferring from one to the other the ideas of feedback and finality and opening the way for automation and computers .
In the fifties it was the return from the living organism to the machine with the emergence of the important concepts of memory and pattern recognition , of adaptive phenomena and learning , and new advances in bionics ( Bionics attempts to build electronic machines that imitate the functions of certain organs of living beings . ) : artificial intelligence and industrial robots .
There was also a return from the machine to the living organism , which accelerated progress in neurology , perception , the mechanisms of vision
In the sixties MIT saw the extension of cybernetics and system theory to industry , society , and ecology .
Three men can be regarded as the pioneers of these great breakthroughs : the mathematician Norbert Wiener , who died in 1964 , the neurophysiologist Warren McCulloch , who died in 1969 ; and Jay Forrester , professor at the Sloan School of Management at MIT .
There are of course other men , other research teams , other universities -- in the United States as well as in the rest of the world -- that have contributed to the advance of cybernetics and system theory .
I will mention them whenever their course of research blends with that of the MIT teams .
In 1940 Wiener worked with a young engineer , Julian H. Bigelow , to develop automatic range finders for antiaircraft guns .
Such servomechanisms are able to predict the trajectory of an airplane by taking into account the elements of past trajectories .
During the course of their work Wiener and Bigelow were struck by two astonishing facts : the seem.ingly " intelligent " behavior of these machines and the " diseases " that could affect them .
Theirs appeared to be " intelligent " behavior because they dealt with " experience " ( the recording of past events ) and predictions of the future .
There was also a strange defect in performance : if one tried to reduce the friction , the system entered into a series of uncontrollable oscillations .
Impressed by this disease of the machine , Wiener asked Rosenblueth whether such behavior was found in man .
The response was affirmative : in the event of certain injuries to the cerebellum , the patient cannot lift a glass of water to his mouth ; the movements are amplified until the contents of the glass spill on the ground .
From this Wiener inferred that in order to control a finalized action ( an action with a purpose ) the circulation of information needed for control must form " a closed loop allowing the evaluation of the effects of one 's actions and the adaptation of future conduct based on past performances . "
This is typical of the guidance system of the antiaircraft gun , and it is equally characteristic of the nervous system when it orders the muscles to make a movement whose effects are then detected by the senses and fed back to the brain .
Thus Wiener and Bigelow discovered the closed loop of information necessary to correct any action -- the negative feedback loop -- and they generalised this discovery in terms of the human organism .
During this period the multidisciplinary teams of Rosenblueth were being formed and organized .
Their purpose was to approach the study of living organisms from the viewpoint of a servomechanisms engineer and , conversely , to consider servomechanisms with the experience of the physiologist .
An early seminar at the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton in 1942 brought together mathematicians , physiologists , and mechanical and electrical engineers .
In light of its success , a series of ten seminars was arranged by the Josiah Macy Foundation .
One man working with Rosenblueth in getting these seminars under way was the neurophysiologist Warren McCulloch , who was to play a considerable role in the new field of cybernetics .
In 1948 two basic publications marked an epoch already fertile with new ideas : Norbert Wiener 's Cybernetics , or Control and Communication in the Animal and the Machine , and The Mathematical Theory of Communication by Claude Shannon and Warren Weaver .
The latter work founded information theory .
The ideas of Wiener , Bigelow , and Rosenblueth caught fire like a trail of powder .
Other groups were formed in the United States and around the world , notably the Society for General Systems Research whose publications deal with disciplines far removed from engineering such as sociology , political science , and psychiatry .
The seminars of the Josiah Macy Foundation continued , opening to new disciplines : anthropology with Margaret Mead , economics with Oskar Morgenstern .
Mead urged Wiener to extend his ideas to society as a whole .
Above all , the period was marked by the profound influence of Warren McCulloch , director of the Neuropsychiatric Institute at the University of Illinois .
At the conclusion of the work of his group on the organization of the cortex of the brain , and especially after his discussions with Walter Pitts , a brilliant , twenty - two - year - old mathematician , McCulloch understood that a beginning of the comprehension of cerebral mechanisms ( and their simulation by machines ) could come about only through the cooperation of many disciplines .
McCulloch himself moved from neurophysiology to mathematics , from mathematics to engineering .
Walter Pitts became one of Wiener 's disciples and contributed to the exchange of ideas between Wiener and McCulloch ; it was he who succeeded in convincing McCulloch to install himself at MIT in 1952 with his entire team of physiologists .
Paralleling the work of the teams of Wiener and McCulloch at MIT , another group tried to utilize cybernetics on a wider scope .
This was the Society for General Systems Research , created in 1954 and led by the biologist Ludwig von Bertalanffy .
Many researchers were to join him : the mathematician A. Rapoport , the biologist W. Ross Ashby , the biophysicist N. Rashevsky , the economist K. Boulding .
IIn 1954 the General Systems Yearbooks began to appear ; their influence was to be profound on all those who sought to expand the cybernetic approach to social systems and the industrial firm in particular .
During the fifties a tool was developed and perfected that would permit organized complexity to be approached from a totally new angle -- the computer .
The first ones were ENIAC ( 1946 ) and EDVAC or EDSAC ( 1947 ) .
One of the fastest was Whirlwind 11 , constructed at MIT in 1951 .
It used -- for the first time - - a superfast magnetic memory invented by a young electronics engineer from the servomechanisms laboratory , Jay W. Forrester .
As head of the Lincoln Laboratory , Forrester was assigned by the Air Force in 1952 to coordinate the implementation of an alert and defense system , the SAGE system , using radar and computers for the first time .
Its mission was to detect and prevent possible attack on American territory by enemy rockets .
Forrester realized the importance of the systemic approach in the conception and control of complex organizations involving men and machines in " real time " : the machines had to be capable of making vital decisions as the information arrived .
In 1961 , having become a professor at the Sloan School of Management at MIT , Forrester created Industrial Dynamics .
His object was to regard all industries as cybernetics systems in order to simulate and to try to predict their behavior .
In 1964 , confronted with the problems of the growth and decay of cities , he extended the industrial dynamics concept to urban systems ( Urban Dynamics ) .
Finally , in 1971 , he generalized his earlier works by creating a new discipline , system dynamics , and published World Dynamics .
This book was the basis of the work of Dennis H. Meadows and his team on the limits to growth .
Financed by the Club of Rome these works were to have worldwide impact under the name MIT Report
See also : the origin of cybernetics and the biographies of the most important cybernetic thinkers at the cybernetics page of the ASC
Cybernetics and Systems Thinkers
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Jan 14 , 1998
Filename : CSTHINK.html
This list was provided as a special service to our readers , since we noticed that the names of these people were among the most common strings entered in our search engine .
Therefore , the list is directly searchable through the PCP title search .
The [ Search PCP ] link after each name will find all references to the name in other Principia Cybernetica Web pages , while [ find books ] will give you a list of books by or on the author , available through the Amazon web bookshop .
" The Macroscope " , a book on the systems approach
Author : F . Heylighen ,
Updated : Feb 26 , 1997
Filename : MACRBOOK.html
Dr. Joël de Rosnay , a molecular biologist , systems theorist , science writer , and futurologist , is presently Director of Strategy of the Cite des Sciences et de l'Industrie at La Villette ( near Paris ) .
He is an associate of the Principia Cybernetica Project .
This book is an excellent , easy to read introduction to cybernetics and systems thinking , with applications to living organisms , the economy and the world as a whole .
The main theme is that the complex systems which govern our life should be looked at as a whole , rather than be taken apart into their constituents .
The different systems , processes and mechanisms are beautifully illustrated with examples and pictures .
Although the text is over 20 years old , this visionary document is still highly relevant to our present situation and state of knowledge .
It is particularly recommended to people who wish to get an understanding of the basic concepts and applications of systems theory and cybernetics .
The chapters below can be read independently of each other .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Introduction : The Macroscope
One .
Through the Macroscope 1 . Ecology ( The Economics of Nature : Production , Consumption , and Decomposition ; Regulation and Maintenance of Equilibriums ) 2 .
The Economy ( A Short History of the Economy ; The Economic Machine ; Recession and Inflation ) 3 . The City 4 . Business and Industry 5 . The Living Organism 6 . The Cell ( Linking the Cell and the Body ; The Work of the Enzymes )
Two .
The Systemic Revolution : A New Culture 1 . History of a Global Approach ( The Systemic Approach ; The Search for New Tools ; " Intelligent " Machines ; From Cybernetics to System Dynamics ) 2 What Is a System ?
( Open Systems and Complexity ; Structural and Functional Aspects of Systems ) 3 . System Dynamics : The Internal Causes ( Positive and Negative Feedback ; Flows and Reservoirs ) 4 .
Applications of the Systemic Approach ( Analysis and Synthesis , Models and Simulation ; The Dynamics of Maintenance and Change , The " Ten Commandments " of the Systemic Approach ; Avoiding the Dangers of the Systemic Approach )
Three .
Energy and Survival 1 .
The Domestication of Energy 2 The Great Laws of Energy ( Entropy and the Science of Heat ; Energy and Power ) 3 . Metabolism and Waste in the Social Organism 4 . Economics and Ecology ( Universal Currency : The Kilocalorie ; Energy Analysis ; Energy Analysis and Food Production ; The Competition Between Energy and Work ) 5 .
Birth of the Bioindustry ( New Jobs for Microbes ; The Domestication of Enzymes ; Controlling Fermentation and Photosynthesis ; Ecoengineering )
Four .
Information and the Interactive Society 1 . Supports of Communication ( Measuring Information ; Information and Entropy ; The History of Communications ; Descending and Ascending Information ) 2 .
The New Interactive Networks ( Communications Hardware ; Services in Real Time ; Social Impact of Services in Real Time ) 3 . Social Feedback ( The Imbalance in Communications ; The Media and electronic Participation ; Problems of Representation ; Advantages and Dangers of Society in Real Time )
Five .
Time and Evolution 1 . Knowledge of Time ( Time in the Evolution of Thought ; Time in Contemporary Theories ) 2 . The Prison of Time ( The Link Between Chronology and Causality ; Irreducible Points of View ; The Causal Explanation : Divergence ; The Final Explanation : Convergence ; Complementarity : A Third Route ) 3 . Evolution : Genesis of the Improbable ( The Genesis of Form ; Exclusion and Divergence ; Equilibrium and Zero Growth ; The Conquest of Time )
Six .
Values and Education 1 . Birth of a Global Vision 2 .
The Emergence of New Values ( Criticism of Authority ; Criticism of Work ; Criticism of Reason ; Criticism of Human Relationships ; Criticism of the Plan for Society ) 3 . Systemic Education ( The Illusions of Educational Technology ; The Basis of Systemic Education ; The Principles of Systemic Education ; The Methods of Systemic Education ; Possible Structures of Parallel Education )
Seven .
Scenario for a World
Filename : ASC / INDEXASC.html
Basic Books on Cybernetics and Systems Science
Author : C. Joslyn ,
Updated : Jul 10 , 1996
Filename : CSBOOKS.html
Other , specific bibliographic references of books and a selected number of papers can be found in the library database of the Department of Medical Cybernetics and AI at the University of Vienna .
A number of more recent books and papers can be found in our bibliography on the complex , evolving systems .
The books with links below can be securely ordered and paid for over the web from Amazon.com , the largest bookstore on the Net .
Key : ** Required
* Recommended
Excellent graphical introduction to dynamic systems theory .
Ackoff , Russel : ( 1972 ) On Purposeful Systems , Aldine Press , Chicago
Grand philosophy of human systems as teleological , goal - seeking .
Structure , function , and purpose .
Cognitive models and action in psychology ; linguistics and semantics ; conflict and cooperation ; social systems .
Alan , TFH , and Starr , TB : ( 1982 ) Hierarchy : Perspective for Explaining Ecological Complexity , U. Chicago , Chicago
Anderson , PW , and Arrow , KJ et. al. : eds. ( 1988 ) Economy as an Evolving , Complex System , Addison - Wesley , New York
Critical anthology of system economic theory : applied mathematical techniques , dynamical theory , bounded rationality .
Kauffman on " web searching " ; Holland ; Ruelle on nonlinear dynamics ;
Baum on neural nets .
Angyal , A : ( 1969 ) Logic of Systems , Penguin
Arbib , Michael A : ( 1972 ) Metaphorical Brain , Wiley , New York ,
* Ashby , Ross : ( 1952 ) Design for a Brain , Wiley , New York .
A classic book , introducing fundamental systems concepts with examples related to the brain .
** ( 1956 ) Introduction to Cybernetics , Methuen , London
** ( 1981 ) Mechanisms of Intelligence : Writings of Ross Ashby / , ..... ed. Roger Conant
Atkin , RH : ( 1976 ) Mathematical Structure in Human Affairs , Heineman , London
Introduces Q-analysis , a methodology for identifying structures in data .
The methodology uses some ideas of differential geometry .
Auger , Peter : ( 1990 ) Dynamics and Thermodynamics in Hier.
Organized Sys. , to appear
Aulin , AV : ( 1989 ) Foundations of Mathematical System Dynamics , Pergamon , Oxford
Causal recursion and its application to social science and economics , fundamental dynamics , self - steering , self - regulation , origins of life and mind .
* Aulin , AY : ( 1982 ) Cybernetic Laws of Social Progress , Pergamon , Oxford
Cybernetic social theory , including the Law of Requisite Hierarchy .
..... ( 1989 ) Foundations of Mathematical Systems Dynamics , Pergamon Press , Oxford
Barnsley , MF : ( 1988 ) Fractals Everywhere , Academic Press , San Diego
Best text on fractal geometry .
** Bateson , Gregory : ( 1972 ) Steps to an Ecology of Mind , Ballantine , New York
Bateson 's critical essays .
For purchase .
..... ( 1979 ) Mind and Nature , Bantam , New York
Unlike _ Steps to an Ecology of Mind_ , _Mind and Nature_ is an attempt at a coherent , popular statement of Bateson 's philosophy .
Bayraktar , BA , and et. al. , : eds. ( 1979 ) Education in Systems Science , Taylor and Francis , London
* Beer , Stafford : ( 1975 ) Platform for Change , Wiley , London
Foundational work in management cybernetics .
Bellman , Richard : ( 1972 ) Adaptive Control Processes : A Guided Tour , Princeton U , Princeton
An excellent book covering fundamental concept of systems science .
Beltrami , Edward : ( 1987 ) Mathematics for Dynamic Modeling , Academic Press , Orlando
Excellent mathematical introduction to dynamic systems theory , including catastrophe theory .
Key results and theorems , examples .
Many typos .
Blalock , HM : ( 1969 ) Systems Theory : From Verbal to Mathematical Formulation , Prentice Hall , Eng. Cliffs NJ
* Blauberg , IV , and Sadovsky , VN : ( 1977 ) Systems Theory : Philosophy and Methodological Problems , Progress , Moscow
One of the best overviews of philosphical and methodological development in systems theory , both in the Soviet Union and in the West .
Bogdanov , A. : ( 1980 ) Essays in Tektology , Intersystems
Translation of historical foundation of systems science .
Booth , TL : ( 1967 ) Sequential Machines and Automata Theory , Wiley , New York
One of the most comprehensive books on finite state machines , both deterministic and probablistic .
* Boulding , Ken : ( 1978 ) Ecodynamics , Sage , Beverly Hills
Unified theory of economics and social systems theory in terms of communicative processes .
..... ( 1985 ) World as a Total System , Sage , Beverley Hills
Brillouin , Leon : ( 1964 ) Scientific Uncertainty and Information , Academic Press , New York
Classic work on the relation between thermodynamics , information theory , and the necessary conditions for observability .
Brooks , DR , and Wiley , EO : ( 1988 ) Evolution as Entropy , 2nd edition , U. of Chicago , Chicago
Recent treatise on entropy as a general measure for biological study .
Definitions of non-thermodynamic , non-informational entropies at multiple levels of analysis .
Severely criticized .
Brown , G. Spencer : ( 1972 ) Laws of Form , Julian Press , New York
Philosophy of and notational system for propositional logic .
Basis for a whole school of graphical approaches to classical logic .
Brunner , RD , and Brewer , GD : ( 1971 ) Organized Complexity , Free Press , New York
Buckley , W : ed. ( 1968 ) Modern Systems Research for the Behavioral Scientist , Aldine , Chicago
Bunge , Mario : Method , Model , and Matter , D. Reydel
Campbell , Jeremy : ( 1982 ) Grammatical Man , Simon and Schuster , New York
Popular treatment of many aspects of cognitive science , information theory , and linguistics .
Cariani , Peter A : ( 1989 )
On the Design of Devices w/ Emergent Semantic Functions , SUNY - Binghamton , Binghamton NY , NOTE : PhD Dissertation
Casti , John : ( 1979 ) Connectivity , Complexity and Catastrophe in Large - Scale Systems , J. Wiley , New York
..... * ( 1989 ) Alternate Realities : Mathematical Models of Nature and Man , Wiley , New York
Modern and very comprehensive text on mathematical modeling .
* Cavallo , Roger E : ( 1979 ) Role of Systems Methodology in Social Science Research , Martinus Nijhoff , Boston
Introduces the GSPS framework and discusses how it can be utilizes in social science research .
* Checkland , Peter : ( 1981 ) Systems Thinking , Systems Practice , Wiley , New York
Foundations of an area called soft systems methodology , for social systems management .
Christensen , Ronald : ( 1980 ) Entropy Minimax Sourcebook , Entropy Limited , Lincoln , MA , NOTE : Four volumes
..... ( 1983 ) Multivariate Statistical Modeling , Entropy Limited , Lincoln MA
Churchman , CW : ( 1968 ) Systems Approach , Delta , New York
General introduction to systems thinking in management .
..... ( 1971 ) Design of Inquiring Systems , Basic Books , New York
..... ( 1979 ) Systems Approach and its Enemies , Basic Books , New York ,
Social systems philosophy .
But also really about logic and mathematical description , excluded middles as " enemies " ; relation of epistemics to action .
Lucid , entertaining , critical .
Clemson , Barry : ( 1984 ) Cybernetics : A New Management Tool , Abacus Press , Kent
Guide to the theory and practice of management cybernetics .
Based on Beer .
Codd , EF : ( 1968 ) Cellular Automata , Academic Press , New York ,
Csanyi , V : ( 1982 ) General Theory of Evolution , Akademia Kiado , Budapest
On universal evolution .
Ambitious , non-technical discussion .
Davies , Paul : ( 1988 ) Cosmic Blueprint , Simon and Schuster , New York
Excellent popular survey of complex systems theory .
De Chardin , Teilhard : ( 1959 ) The Phenomenon of Man , Harper and Row , New York
Early systemic evolutionary theology .
Denbigh , Kenneth G : ( 1975 ) An Inventive Universe , Hutchinson , London
On emergence and thermodynamics .
Denbigh , Kenneth G , and Denbigh , JS : ( 1985 ) Entropy in Relation to Incomplete Knowledge , Cambridge U. , Cambridge
Good survey of quantum statistical dynamics , objectivity and subjecticity , basis of the fundamental assumption of thermodynamics , resolution of Gibbs paradox , relation to information theory .
Distefano , JJ , and et. al. , : ( 1967 ) Feedback and Control Systems , Schaum , New York
Dretske , Fred : ( 1982 ) Knowledge and the Flow of Information , MIT Press , Cambridge
Treatise on information theory , syntax , and semantic .
Edelman , G : ( 1987 ) Neural Darwinism , Basic Books , New York
Theory of selectional processes at the neural level .
Eigen , M , and Schuster , P : ( 1979 ) The Hypercycle , Springer - Verlag , Heidelberg
Now classic work on the autocatalysis in chemical cycles : the cybernetic basis of metabolism .
Eigen , M , and R. Oswatitsch ( 1996 ) : Steps Toward Life : a perspective on evolution
Erickson , Gary J : ed. ( 1988 ) Maximum - Entropy and Bayesian Methods in Science and Engineering , v. 1,2 , Kluwer
Proceedings of the 5th , 6th , and 7th MaxEnt workshops .
Foundations and applications .
Spectral analysis , inductive reasoning , uncertainty and measurement , information theory in biology , etc .
Farlow , SJ : ( 1984 ) Self - Organizing Methods in Modeling , Marcel Dekker , New York
Feistel , Rainer , and Ebeling , Werner : ( 1988 ) Evolution of Complex Systems , Kluwer , New York
Oscillation and chaos in mechanical , electrical , chemical , and biological systems .
Thermodynamics and spatial structures .
Sequences , information , and language .
Self - reproducgin systems , Lotka - Volterra systems .
Forrester , JW : ( 1961 ) Industrial Dynamics , MIT Press , Cambridge
..... ( 1971 ) World Dynamics , Wright and Allen , Cambridge
Influential early attempt at modeling the " world problem " : the global economic - ecological web .
Like the 's _ Limits to Growth_ .
..... * ed. ( 1975 ) Collected Papers of Jay W. Forrester , Wright - Allen , Cambridge
Papers by the outher of the " DYNAMO " differential systems tool , used for global ecological modeling .
Garey , MR , and Johnson , DS : ( 1979 ) Computers and Intractability : Guide to NP - Completeness , WH Freeman , San Francisco
One of the best monographs on computational complexity , NP - completeness and hardness , etc .
Gatlin , L : ( 1972 ) Information Theory and the Living System , Columbia U. , New York
Classic work on the use of information theory in the analysis of genetic structure , evolution , and general biology .
* Gleick , James : ( 1987 ) Chaos : Making of a New Science , Viking , New York
Solid popular introduction to chaotic dynamics and fractal theory .
Glushkov , VM : ( 1966 ) Introduction to Cybernetics , Academic Press , New York
Excellent book on cybernetics , translated from Russian .
Greeniewski , H : Cybernetics Without Mathematics , Pergamon , Oxford
Gukhman , AA : ( 1965 ) Introduction to the Theory of Similarity , Acadenmic Press , New York
One of the excellent books on the theory of similarity .
* Haken , Herman : ( 1978 ) Synergetics , Springer - Verlag , Heidelberg
Original work by this unique developer of a " competitor " to systems science as the study of natural complex systems .
..... ( 1988 ) Information and Self - Organization , Springer - Verlag , New York
On synergetics as the science of complex systems .
Integrates information theory , bifurcation theory , maximum entropy theory , and semantics .
Hall , AD : ( 1989 ) Metasystems Methodology , Pergamon , Oxford
Halme , A , and et. al. , : eds. ( 1979 ) Topics in Systems Theory , Acta Polytechnica , Scandanavia
Hammer , PC : ed. ( 1969 ) Advances in Mathematical Systems Theory , Penn St. U , U. Park , PA
Hanken , AFG , and Reuver , HA : ( 1981 ) Social Systems and Learning Systems , Martinus Nijhoff , Boston
Happ , HH : ed. ( 1973 ) Gabriel Kron and Systems Theory , Union College Press , Schenectady NY
Hartnett , WE : ed. ( 1977 ) Systems : Approaches , Theories , Applications , Reidel , Boston
Herman , GT , and Rozenberg , G : ( 1975 ) Developmental Systems and Languages , North - Holland , New York
* Holland , John : ( 1976 ) Adaptation in Natural and Artificial Systems , U. Michigan , Ann Arbor
On the genetic algorithms method of modeling adaptive systems .
..... Hidden Order : How Adaptation Builds Complexity
..... Induction : Processes of Inference , Learning and Discovery ;
Kanerva , Penti : ( 1988 ) Sparse Distributed Memory , MIT Press , Cambridge
On the geometry of high dimensional , low cardinality spaces ; application to associative memory .
Klir , George : ( 1969 ) An Approach to General Systems Theory , van Nostrand , New York
An early book that describes the nucleus of what is known now as the General Systems Problem Solver .
..... ed. ( 1972 ) Trends in General Systems Theory , Wiley , New York
Contains overviews of systems conceptual frameworks of Mesarovic , Wymore , and Klir ; and other papers on some fundamental issues of systems science .
..... ed. ( 1981 ) Special Issue on Reconstructibility Analysis , in : Int. J. Gen. Sys. , v. 7:1 , pp. 1-107
Broekstra , Cavallo , Conant , Klir , Krippendorff
..... ( 1985 ) Architecture of Systems Problem Solving , Plenum , New York
Vast , general theory of epistemological systems , outline of a platform for general systems modeling and inductive inference .
..... **( 1992 ) Facets of Systems Science , Plenum , New York
Reprints of most classical papers in systems science with an up - to - date introduction .
Recommended for everyone as a general introduction to the domain
Klir , George , and Folger , Tina : ( 1987 ) Fuzzy Sets , Uncertainty , and Information , Prentice Hall
Primary text on fuzzy systems theory and extended information theory .
Koestler , Arthur , and Smythes , J.R. : eds. ( 1968 ) Beyond Reductionism , Hutchinson , London
Classical anthology on holism and reductionism .
Krinsky , VI : ed. ( 1984 ) Self - Organization : Autowaves and Structures Far From Equilibrium , Springer - Verlag , New York
Langton , Chris : ed. ( 1988 ) Artificial Life , Addison - Wesley
Proceedings from first artificial life conference .
Pattee , Goel , Hufford , Klir .
Lerner , D : ( 1963 ) Parts and Wholes , Free Press , New York
* Lilienfeld , Robert : ( 1978 ) Rise of Systems Theory : An Ideological Analysis , Wiley - Intersciences , New York
A good critical view of some undesirable developments in the systems movement .
Lumsden , Charles , and Wilson , Edward : ( 1981 ) Genes , Mind , and Culture : the Coevolutionary Process , Harvard , Cambridge
Non-systemic attempt at unified biological evolutionary theory .
Mind as necessary explanatory component from genes to culture .
Sociobiology , biological constraint and cause of behavior .
Epigenetic rules , epigenesis as coevolution .
Mathematical , culturgens .
Euculture as human culture , vs. protoculture .
Bibliography , no thermodynamics .
Mandelbrot , BB : ( 1982 ) Fractal Geometry of Nature , WH Freeman , San Francisco
Classical work on the implications of fractal geometry for modeling physical systems .
Margalef , D Ramon : ( 1968 ) Perspectives in Sociological Theory , U. Chicago , Chicago
Maturana , HR , and Varela , F : ( 1987 ) Tree of Knowledge , Shambala
On cybernetics and constructivist psychology .
McCulloch , Warren : ( 1965 ) Embodiments of Mind , MIT Press , Cambridge
Meadows , Donella H , and Meadows , Dennis L : ( 1972 ) Limits to Growth , Signet , New York , and its follow - up Beyond the Limits
Famous report of the Club of Rome .
First systems dynamics model of world ecology .
Mesarovic , MD : ( 1964 ) Views of General Systems Theory , Wiley , New York
Mesarovic , MD , and Macko , D : ( 1970 ) Theory of Hierarchical Multi-Level Systems , Academic Press , New York
Mesarovic , MD , and Takahara , Y : ( 1975 ) General Systems Theory : Mathematical Foundations , Academic Press , New York
Mesarovic , MD , and Takahara , : ( 1988 ) Abstract Systems Theory , Springer - Verlag , Berlin
Grand formalism for Systems Science .
Fundamental behaviorism .
Teleogical ( functional ) and material , causal ( structural ) descriptions as equivalent in system - description language .
Defense of formalism as a kind of language .
Systems as proper relations .
Cybernetic systems as goal - seeking .
Complexity as meta-systems ( nesting ) .
Introductions to category theory , topology , etc . Fuzzy systems as ** open ** systems .
* Miller , James G : ( 1978 ) Living Systems , McGraw Hill , New York
General synthetic theory of biological systems .
On functional self - similarity across levels of analysis .
Miser , HJ , and Quade , ES : eds. ( 1985 ) Handbook of Systems Analysis , North - Holland , New York
Monod , Jacques : ( 1971 ) Chance and Necessity , Vantage , New York
Famous essay on philosophical problems concerning theories of biological systems .
Morowitz , Harold J : ( 1968 ) Energy Flow in Biology , Academic Press , New York
On the thermodynamics and informational ( entropic ) dynamics of biological processes .
Morrison , P : ( 1982 ) Powers of Ten , in : Scientific American Books , WH Freeman , New York
" Guided tour " through the spatial scales of natural structure .
Negoita , CV , and Ralescu , DA : ( 1975 ) Applications of Fuzzy Sets to Systems Analysis , Birkhauser , Stuttgart
* Negotia , CV : ( 1981 ) Fuzzy Systems , Abacus Press , Tunbridge - Wells
Simple , coherent introduction to fuzzy systems theory .
Nicolis , G , and Prigogine , Ilya : ( 1977 ) Self - Organization in Non-Equilibrium Systems , Wiley , New York
Technical work on self - organization in flow systems , thermodynamic systems , and other describably in terms of partial differential equations .
* Odum , HT : ( 1983 ) Systems Ecology , Wiley , New York
Grand theory of global ecology .
Thermodynamic basis of economy .
Pattee , Howard : ed. ( 1973 ) Hierarchy Theory , George Braziller , New York
Phillips , DC : ( 1976 ) Holistic
Thought in Social Sciences
On synthesis on holism and reductionism .
Pines , David : ed. ( 1988 ) Emerging Syntheses in Science , Addison - Wesley , New York
Includes key articles by Charles Bennett and interesting looks at spin-glasses and solitons .
Powers , WT : ( 1973 ) Behavior , the Control of Perception , Aldine , Chicago
Radical constructivist cybernetic psychological theory .
* Prigogine , Ilya : ( 1980 ) From Being to Becoming , WH Freeman , San Francisco
On the whole Prigogine program for explanation of evolution in thermodynamic terms .
..... ( 1984 ) Order Out of Chaos , Bantam , New York
Famous , almost - popular treatment of the relation between far - from - equilibrium thermodynamic , general evolutionary theory , and natural philosophy .
Rapoport , Anatol : ( 1984 ) General Systems Theory : Essential Concepts and Applications , Abacus , Cambridge
Rescher , Nicholas : Scientific Explanation
Uses stochastic automata in a philosophy of theory .
..... ( 1979 ) Cognitive Systematization , Rowman and Littlefie , Totowa , NJ
Treatment of coherentist epistemolgoy and formal development of the necessary limits to knowledge .
Rosen , Robert : ( 1970 ) Dynamical Systems Theory in Biology , Wiley - Interscience , New York
..... ( 1985 ) Anticipatory Systems , Pergamon , Oxford
The only book on anticipatory systems at present .
Rosenkrantz , Roger D : ed. ( 1989 ) ET Jaynes Papers on Prob. , Statistics and Statistical Physics , Kluwer
Collection of Jayne 's best papers .
Sage , AP : ( 1977 ) Methodology for Large Scale Systems , McGraw - Hill , New York
Sandquist , GM : ( 1985 ) Introduction to Systems Science , Prentice Hall , Eng. Cliffs NJ
* Sayre , Kenneth : ( 1976 ) Cybernetics and the Philosophy of Mind , Humanities Press , Atl. High. , NJ
Grand cybernetic evolutionary theory of mind .
Schrodinger , : ( 1967 ) What is Life ? , Cambridge U. , Cambridg
It is a shame that the USA is making people so dumb by ignoring history and reality .
America is the whole continent named like that since Amerigo Vespucci understood that the new land was a whole new continent .
Please read :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amerigo_Vespucci
Let 's please give respect to other inhabitants of the world .
The US is making lots of enemies with this attitude .
So how can this country and the people living there be called ?
In the first week of October 1999 , Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) had the government of Pakistan in a delicate position .
The Pakistanis were desperate for the removal of powerful military and economic sanctions imposed after the country conducted nuclear tests in 1998 .
Many hundreds of millions of dollars in trade was at stake .
Stevens was the chairman of the conference committee that was considering allowing that change .
But first , according to Capitol Hill sources , he made it clear that he wanted Pakistan to resolve a multimillion - dollar dispute with an Alaskan construction and engineering company , VECO , owned by his close friend Bill Allen .
It is VECO that is at the heart of the Stevens indictment handed down Tuesday , and prosecutors outlined hundreds of thousands of dollars in financial favors VECO allegedly did for Stevens .
Advertisement
What was less clear was what Stevens did for VECO , though the indictment mentions -- without elaboration -- that VECO asked for his help with projects in Pakistan and Russia , among other favors .
Here is one interaction among Stevens , Pakistan and VECO , some of which was first reported by The Times in June 2003 :
The provision giving the White House permanent authority to lift the sanctions against Pakistan appeared to be sailing through Congress -- attached to the Defense Department appropriations bill that was moving through Stevens ’ conference committee .
But it ran into trouble with Stevens , who was also the powerful chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and its Defense Department appropriations subcommittee .
Advertisement
Stevens raised the issue of a contract dispute VECO was having with Pakistan over payment for VECO ’s participation in construction of a pipeline .
He wanted Pakistan to resolve it .
Some of the people involved maintain that Stevens said he would not pass the provision until VECO was taken care of , while others said his intervention was more benign .
The bottom line was that Pakistan took Stevens ’ complaint as a threat and quickly tried to work things out .
“ Sen .
Stevens brought the problem to our attention , ” Pakistan ’s then - lobbyist , former Texas Rep. Charlie Wilson , said in an interview in 2003 .
“ It was a constituent complaint . ” A popular movie about Wilson was released last year .
Advertisement
Wilson did not see Stevens ’ stance as “ a threat . ”
He said he talked to the Pakistani Embassy about it .
“ His constituent had a just grievance with Pakistan , ” said Wilson at the time .
“ The truth is that Sen. Stevens ’ constituent was right .
. . . Pakistan corrected it . ”
Wilson could not be reached for comment Tuesday .
Stevens let the amendment allowing for the sanctions to be dropped go through on Oct. 7 , 1999 , after getting assurances from Pakistan that it would let the World Bank arbitrate the dispute .
It was not the only time Stevens took official action to help VECO .
Advertisement
In the fall of 1999 , he earmarked $ 2.5 million in Labor Department funds to train Russian oil field workers in Alaska .
Allen and VECO and others pushed for the grant because they were having a difficult time finding skilled workers for their oil and gas projects on Sakhalin Island in Russia ’s Far East .
In addition to doing extensive remodeling on Stevens ’ home , VECO has paid his son , Ben , at least $ 364,000 in lobbying and consulting fees since 1996 .
Ben Stevens , who was an Alaska state senator until last year , has also been ensnared in the VECO scandal but has not been charged .
Advertisement
Ted Stevens issued a statement saying , “ I am innocent of these charges and intend to prove that . ”
--
chuck.neubauer@latimes.com
The global banking system has frozen up .
There is no trust between banks and there is no trust by depositors of banks .
This has caused a run on the banks , and has led to the failure of Washington Mutual and Wachovia .
Internationally , several large banks have failed .
Bloomberg is reporting Libor Rises Most on Record After U.S. Congress Rejects Bailout .
The cost of borrowing in dollars overnight rose the most on record after the U.S. Congress rejected a $ 700 billion bank - rescue plan , putting an unprecedented squeeze on the global financial system .
The London interbank offered rate , or Libor , that banks charge each other for such loans climbed 431 basis points to an all - time high of 6.88 percent today , the British Bankers ' Association said .
The euro interbank offered rate , or Euribor , for one - month loans jumped to a record 5.05 percent , the European Banking Federation said .
The Libor - OIS spread , a gauge of the scarcity of cash , also increased to an all - time high .
" This is unheard of , the money markets should be the engine driving the financial system but they have broken down , " said Kornelius Purps , a fixed - income strategist in Munich for UniCredit Markets and Investment Banking , a unit of Italy 's largest lender .
" Any institution that has n't completed its 2008 funding needs by now is going to be in very serious trouble .
More banks are going to need to be bailed out . "
The seizure in the credit markets is tipping lenders toward insolvency , forcing U.S. and European governments to rescue five banks in the past two days , including Dexia SA , the world 's biggest provider of loans to local governments , and Wachovia Corp .
Money - market rates climbed even after the Federal Reserve yesterday more than doubled the size of its dollar - swap line with foreign central banks to $ 620 billion .
In Europe , banks borrowed dollars from the ECB at almost six times the Fed 's benchmark interest rate today .
Why the Paulson Plan Fails
Irish Government Moves To Safeguard Banking System
The Irish government Tuesday announced a surprise decision to safeguard the Irish banking system for two years , guaranteeing all deposits , covered bonds , senior debt and dated subordinated debt of the four main banks .
" It has done so following advice from the governor of the central bank and the financial regulator about the impact of the recent international market turmoil on the Irish banking system , " the government said in a statement .
The government said it aims " to safeguard the Irish financial system and to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy caused by the recent turmoil in the international financial markets . "
Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said Tuesday that the guarantee will mean a commercial charge for Irish banks , but this would be decided by the Central Bank of Ireland ; he gave no more details on the charge .
He said that the decision to guarantee the banking system for two years was primarily aimed at addressing liquidity concerns , protecting taxpayers funds and crucially ensuring banking funds do n't dry up .
Investors welcomed the news .
By 0755 GMT , Allied Irish Banks PLC ( AIB ) was up 14 % at EUR5.70 , Anglo Irish Bank PLC ( ANGL.DB ) was up 22 % at EUR2.81 , Bank of Ireland PLC ( IRE ) was up 6.7 % at EUR3.49 , and Irish Life & Permanent PLC ( IPM.DB ) was up 22 % at EUR4.35 .
The guarantee runs from midnight on Sept. 29 , 2008 , and expires at midnight on Sept. 28 , 2010 , and follows the decision last week by the government to guarantee deposits in Irish banks up to EUR100,000 .
The government said it aims " to remove any uncertainty " and " maintain financial stability for the benefit of depositors and businesses and is in the best interests of the Irish economy . "
Davy Research analyst Scott Rankin said : " The Irish government has taken out its bazooka . "
This is urgent we must get this to EVERY senator before the Senate takes a vote .
How To Stop A Run On The Banks
Dear senator
Today the Irish government announced a surprise decision to safeguard the Irish banking system for two years , guaranteeing all deposits , covered bonds , senior debt and dated subordinated debt of the four main banks .
The Result
Investors welcomed the news .
By 0755 GMT , Allied Irish Banks PLC ( AIB ) rose 14 % , Anglo Irish Bank PLC ( ANGL.DB ) rose 22 % , Bank of Ireland PLC ( IRE ) rose6.7 % , and Irish Life & Permanent PLC ( IPM.DB ) rose 22 % .
Why Ireland 's Plan Works
What Ireland is fighting is the same thing that the Fed is trying to fight here ( outflows from banks and money market funds into short term government debt . )
The problem is NOT mom and pop pulling bank deposits , it is corporate treasurers and state treasurers whose jobs are on the line pulling deposits from weak banks and putting them into stronger ones .
The fastest way for the US and other governments to solve this is to raise deposit insurance ceilings .
This is a far better option than ballooning the Fed 's balance sheet more .
Furthermore , I would highlight that fully guaranteed deposits would put the US government even more at the top of the capital structure of banks .
Existing senior debt is all of a sudden now fully subordinated to a potentially unlimited amount of insured deposit debt .
Why the Paulson Plan Fails
The Paulson plan fails because it does not stop mistrust between banks or mistrust by depositors .
All it does is throw $ 700 billion in taxpayer money down a black hole .
The Paulson plan is also unconstitutional .
There is no constitutional authority for the US Government or the Federal Reserve to use public ( taxpayer ) money for what is definitely a private purpose ( bailing out Wall Street ) .
Finally , the Paulson plan takes time to implement fairly , and there are many holes in the oversight process .
Stop The Run On Banks
Temporarily guarantee all deposits at US Banks .
Implement rules to ensure weak banks do not misuse this privilege by adopting risky lending practices .
Orderly shut down all undercapitalized banks .
Senator , please scrap the Paulson proposal in entirety and try something that might work , that is constitutional , and does not put taxpayer money at risk .
Your Name
Your Phone Number
Your Email Address
Note : I am in principle opposed to FDIC insurance .
If you do not have internet faxing get it .
Contact The House
Congressional Phone And Fax Numbers
Click Here For
your congressional representative
House Phone Numbers
Please Call Every Senator
I Applaud The Courageous Vote In The House to Block The Paulson Proposal .
I expect you to do the same .
It is time to look at other alternatives . "
Senate Phone Numbers
I Applaud The Courageous Vote In The House to Block The Paulson Proposal .
I expect you to do the same .
It is time to look at other alternatives . "
Senate Fax List
Targeted Senate Fax List .
Complete Senate Fax List
US Senate List
To Use In MetroFax
First Name , Last Name , Company , Voice Number , Fax Number
Fax List For All Congress
Fax Now !
Call Now !
We did it once , we can do it again !
Identity theft costs the US billions of dollars every year
The US authorities have charged 11 people in connection with the theft of credit - card details in the country 's largest - ever identity theft case .
They are accused of stealing more than 40 million credit and debit card numbers before selling the information .
They allegedly hacked into the computer systems of several major US retailers and installed software to access account details and passwords .
Prosecutors said the alleged fraud was an " international conspiracy " .
' Increasing vulnerability '
Three of those charged are US citizens .
The others come from Estonia , Ukraine , Belarus and China .
The 11 suspects are alleged to have obtained card numbers , account information and password details by driving around neighbourhoods and hacking into wireless equipment .
They are said to have then concealed the information in computer servers both in the US and Europe .
This case highlights our increasing vulnerability to the theft of personal information
US Attorney General Michael Mukasey .
How secure is your card info ?
The Department of Justice said the scam caused " widespread " losses among banks , retailers and ordinary consumers - although it did not put a precise figure on the financial damage .
Retailers targeted included fashion store TJ Maxx and Barnes & Noble .
The justice department urged people worried about the safety of their personal information to contact their banks .
It said this was " the single largest and most complex identity theft case " ever to result in charges being brought .
" This case highlights our increasing vulnerability to the theft of personal information , " said US Attorney General Michael Mukasey .
" Cases like these send a clear message to those who might be tempted to abuse our computer networks to steal information and harm law - abiding people and businesses .
" If you do , we will track you down wherever you are in the world , we will arrest you and we will send you to jail . "
Global investigation
The accused targeted at least nine retail chains , prosecutors allege .
Those affected were TJX Corporation - which operates the TJ Maxx chain of shops - BJ's Wholesale Club , Barnes and Noble , Sports Authority , Boston Market , Office Max , Dave and Busters , DSW shoe stores and Forever 21 .
TJX Corporation , which has shops around the world , revealed that it had been the victim of a massive identity fraud last year .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More than 45 million credit cards were at risk of being compromised as a result of a breach of its computer systems which began in 2005 .
The firm has since reached an agreement to compensate banks which are part of the Visa and Mastercard networks for the cost incurred in replacing cards and dealing with fraud inquiries .
Law enforcement agencies around the world , including in Turkey and Germany , co-operated with the investigation .
There are concerns that identity theft is costing the US billions every year .
In 2006 , the Bush administration set up an identity theft task force comprising 17 federal departments and agencies .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
108 F - 35s Will Not Be Combat Capable Concurrency at its finest .
Influential congressman calls on Navy to extend lives of oldest cruisers “ Instead of discussing the decommissioning of cruisers , we need to spend more time discussing the maintenance , modernization and service - life extension of all twenty - two cruisers , ” said Virginia Republican Rep. Rob Wittman , the head of [… ]
Elderly trauma patients appear to be less likely than younger patients to be transported to a trauma center , possibly because of unconscious age bias among emergency medical services personnel , according to a report in the August issue of Archives of Surgery , one of the JAMA / Archives journals .
An estimated 39 percent of all trauma patients will be age 65 years or older by the year 2050 , according to background information in the article .
" Evidence - based clinical practice guidelines strongly recommend that elderly trauma patients be treated as aggressively as non-elderly patients , " the authors write .
" However , some studies have suggested that age bias may still exist in trauma care , even in the prehospital phase of that care . "
David C. Chang , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , M.B.A. , of Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health , Baltimore , and colleagues analyzed 10 years of data from the statewide Maryland Ambulance Information System .
They also surveyed emergency medical services ( EMS ) and trauma center personnel after presenting them with the registry findings at EMS conferences and grand rounds between 2004 and 2006 .
The registry identified 26,565 trauma patients , defined as those who met criteria set by the American College of Surgeons ( ACS ) and were declared level I status ( critically ill or injured and requiring immediate attention ) by EMS personnel .
More patients older than 65 were undertriaged , or not taken to a state - designated trauma center , than were younger patients ( 49.9 percent vs. 17.8 percent ) .
After adjusting for other related factors , the researchers found that being 65 years or older was associated with a 52 percent reduction in likelihood of being transported to a trauma center .
This decrease in transports was found to start at age 50 years , with another decrease at age 70 .
A total of 166 individuals , including 127 EMS personnel and 32 medical personnel ( 14 attending physicians , four residents , six medical students and eight nurses ) , responded to the follow - up surveys .
When asked about the most likely reasons for not transporting elderly patients to trauma centers , participants cited inadequate training for managing elderly patients ( 25.3 percent ) , unfamiliarity with protocol ( 12 percent ) and possible age bias ( 13.4 percent ) as the top three factors .
" The problem of age bias raised in this study may negate efforts to improve clinical care for elderly trauma patients within trauma centers if the system as a whole does not function properly and deliver patients appropriately to needed resources , " the authors write .
" However , it may be difficult to change attitudes of age bias and may require a broad societal campaign .
Nevertheless , it may be possible to address this problem without directly addressing age bias .
A focus on retraining the providers about triage protocols may be sufficient , " the authors conclude .
" Additionally , it may be helpful to highlight the literature that now suggests that elderly trauma patients do , in fact , return to productive lives after their injury , which can eliminate the perception of futility of care that may be used consciously or subconsciously to justify age bias . "
Obama camp responds : ' sad ... juvenile antics '
Barack Obama 's campaign responded sharply to a new McCain webad depicting Obama as a parody of a biblical prophet .
" It ’s downright sad that on a day when we learned that 51,000 Americans lost their jobs , a candidate for the presidency is spending all of his time and the powerful platform he has on these sorts of juvenile antics , " said spokesman Hari Sevugan .
" Senator McCain can keep telling everyone how ‘ proud ’ he is of these political stunts which even his Republican friends and advisors have called ‘ childish ’ , but Barack Obama will continue talking about his plan to jumpstart our economy by giving working families $ 1,000 of immediate relief . "
The ad , released only on the Internet , is the latest in a series mocking the Democratic nominee .
" It should be known that in 2008 the world shall be blessed , " begins the ad's deep - voiced narrator .
Later , Obama emerges Godlike from the clouds .
The ad quotes Obama in both serious riffs telling a crowd " we are the ones we 've been waiting for " ; and in a sarcastic one , joking to an audience , " You will experience an epiphany and you will say to yourself , ' I have to vote for Barack . ' "
The ad then shows Obama expressing his hope that America will look back at the 2008 election as the beginning of the end of global warming .
The ad then cuts to an image a Charlton Heston , as Moses , parting the Red Sea , before concluding :
" Barack Obama may be The One , but is he ready to lead ? "
Obama 's campaign responded to McCain 's webad after sending out a separate statement from Newark Mayor Cory Booker , whom McCain had praised in a speech at the Urban League today .
" In yet another dishonest attack at the Urban League , Senator McCain misled the American people about Senator Obama 's record and his own , " Booker , an Obama supporter , said , praising Obama 's support for charter schools in Illinois , and attacking McCain 's opposition to spending on a range of education programs .
" With that kind of track record , Senator McCain should be the last person lecturing Senator Obama about a commitment to quality education for our nation 's children , " he said .
See Also : GOP talkathon
Description :
Hamza Yusuf implores the audience to consider the major crisis of our time : the disillusion of the human soul itself .
He then presents a program based on a hadith in which the Prophet ( P ) said , “ I was sent to perfect noble character . ”
In this context , he outlines the two primary concerns of the Muslim , the heart and the limbs , and the need to follow in the footsteps of the Prophet ( P ) by utilizing his divinely - inspired methodology to guard them .
6 Wrongly Rated Movies Aug. 4 by Kate McNally
Try as the MPAA might to make movie ratings work , you 're bound to run into a movie branded for the wrong audience .
Whether it 's overly punishing fleeting moments of mature content , or going easy on an established franchise or director , the following six movies could have used another screening before they slapped the rating on the poster .
6- The Dark Knight
PG - 13 is the comic - book movie rating .
From the campy Batman and Robin to the sinister Spawn , any movie featuring cape - wearing crimefighters seems destined to get the middling , unenforceable rating .
With The Dark Knight , however , we wonder whether an R rating may have been more appropriate .
Between the sudden acts of extreme violence ( particularly the " pencil trick " ) , the mature themes , and the overall macabre tone of the movie , The Dark Knight stands as an altogether different breed of superhero movie -- one that may have warranted a different rating .
5- Poltergeist
Whether or not you believe in ghosts , the idea of being haunted by an evil spirit is pretty freaky .
Take a situation where the ectoplasmic inhabitant is angry - as - all - get - out and decides to steal a little girl and you 've got yourself a horror movie .
Throw in some tormented wall - climbing and a scary - sounding small southern woman , and you have yourself a GREAT horror movie .
But just because sweet Carol Anne happens is forced to endure all of these abhorrences does n't mean other small children should have to suffer them , which we 're sure a few parentally - guided tykes had to when this film released at PG .
4- Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?
Oh sure , it 's got an animated lead character , just like most Disney films , but also like most Disney films the story came from a pretty dark place .
The only difference with Roger Rabbit is that they brought the gruesome details out into the open for everyone , including children , to see .
From the movie 's setting ( the seedy underbelly of Old Hollywood ) to the explicit sexual references ( anyone care for a game of Patty Cake ? ) , this films was WAY above the heads of the kids who expected to see a silly rabbit flop about .
Add in the gruesome dissolving of various entities , including a heretofore human - cum - animated villain , and you 've got the stuff nightmares are made of .
Or at least a solid PG - 13 rating .
3- Planes , Trains and Automobiles
This classic stars Steve Martin as the stressed - out ad executive and John Candy as the bungling salesman ( of showercurtain rings to be exact ) .
The two are thrown together by fate in the form of a shared cab and the rest is comedic history .
Not only does the film star two of the most unassuming , non-threatening actors of the 80's ( stand - up work not withstanding ) , but it 's written , directed and produced by John Hughes - the guru of the 80's brat - pack dynasty which was all pretty tame .
The only rationale given for why this featherweight film earned an R is for the rain of F - bombs dropped by Steve Martin on a rental car agent .
Kids probably heard worse language coming from their parents bedrooms at night .
This was a fucking PG - 13 easy .
2- Showgirls
Turns out Jessie Spano really knows how to get a party started !
Elizabeth Berkeley , formerly known as Saved by the Bell 's ambitious overachiever , shed more than just her innocent image in this story of a stripper 's journey .
But seriously , why would they give her totally Oscar - worthy performance in this break - out movie an NC - 17 rating ?
All we saw were boobs !
Granted , they were everywhere in this movie , but that was it !
The so - called " risqu " film was more like a weeknight on Skin-emax , only Shannon Tweed .
Even Mark Wahlberg 's prolonged porn- making and fake schlong did n't rise Boogie Nights above an R .
I guess it 's a good thing that rating kept so many people from seeing Showgirls , lest Berkeley become overwhelmed with offers and resort back to popping caffeine pills .
1- Jaws
Jaws is one of the greatest movies of all time .
It 's well - made , stars great actors , and has some of the most memorable one - liners of all - time , not to mention a giant shark !
But when this cinematic masterpiece was released to the thrill of audiences everywhere , this PG movie did n't have the necessary rating to ensure that everyone who saw it could handle it .
Four people and one puppy were killed before you even got a good look at what was doing all the eating .
Chrissie 's death was violent and cerebral ( what was in the dark water ? ) , Alex Kintner 's death was gory ( blood fountains galore ) , Ben Gardner 's boat was destroyed and his bloated corpse left behind , and the Man On The Rowboat was torn to pieces before being consumed ( you see his bloody stump of a leg fall to the bottom of the sea ) .
The anti-hero , Quint , eventually gets bit by the big one where he 's chewed in half while screaming in agony and eventual spews blood across the deck .
How many parts of this movie are actually fit for children ?
No parts , that 's how many .
While this movie was produced before PG - 13 was a viable option , giving this bloodfest an R would n't have been extremely shocking .
Providing an outlet for OCD since 2004
Rant : Dicts that are not dicts
There ’s something I have to get off my chest .
I HATE it when things in Python pretend to be something they are not .
I often use IPython to introspect things so I know how to use them .
Lately , I ’ve been running into more and more libraries which return things that pretend to be one thing , but which really are something else .
Observe :
import optparse parser = optparse .
OptionParser ( ) parser.add_option ( " - p " , dest = " path " , action = " store " , type =" string " ) ( options , args ) = parser.parse_args ( ) print options
Output :
{'path ' : None}
“ Ah ” , I think , “ a dictionary .
Swell ! ” , and go ahead and do :
print options.get ( ' path ' , ' default ' )
And then it responds :
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " /home/todsah / foo.py " , line 7 , in < module > print options.
get ( ' path ' , ' default ' ) AttributeError : Values instance has no attribute ' get '
What the hell ?
A dictionary with no get attribute ?
Then , when you print the type , it turns out it ’s not a dictionary at all : “ < type ' instance ' > “ .
It ’s a plain old object instance , and you have to use getattr ( ) , etc instead of foo[key ] and foo.get ( ) .
Fortunately , I ’ve seen this trap now for so many times , the first thing I do is check the type of the thing I ’m having problems with , but occasionally it still bites me in the ass .
I am seeing this more and more often , and it annoys me to no end .
Python is supposed to be a rapid application development language , and things like this are extremely annoying .
Do n’t pretend to be something you ’re not .
If an object is going to behave dictionary - like , why not just extend the real dict object ?
Would n’t that be so much easier ?
So , developers :
Please do n’t make things appear like things they ’re not .
It causes confusion , and possibly even bugs .
Republicans for Obama ?
Yes , but the numbers nor the desperation are not quite at the level of rats leaving a sinking ship , not yet , anyway ....
None - the -less , there are significant powerful Republicans and Wall Streeters , corporate executives , and even one brilliant former Evangelist who are coming over to the Obama side of the aisle .
One former U.S. Senator from Rhode Island , Lincoln Chafee , is strongly supporting Obama and has been for some time .
Nebraska 's Senator Hagel :
Some Republicans dismiss Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska a the Republican Joe Lieberman .
Because of his steadfast opposition to the senseless Iraq War and our ill - administered sloppy military tactics there , I am certain that he does n't deserves that kind of insult , however .....
" An Obama - Biden ticket is a very impressive and strong team , " said Nebraska Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel .
" Biden 's selection is good news for Obama and America . "
Hagel said .
" Palin does n't have any foreign policy credentials , " Hagel said in an interview published by the Omaha World - Herald .
" You get a passport for the first time in your life last year ?
I mean , I do n't know what you can say .
You ca n't say anything . "
Could Palin lead the country if GOP presidential nominee John McCain could not ?
" I think it 's a stretch to , in any way , to say that she 's got the experience to be president of the United States , " Hagel said .
McCain and other Republicans have defended Palin 's qualifications , citing Alaska 's proximity to Russia .
Palin told ABC
News , " They 're our next - door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska , from an island in Alaska . "
Hagel took issue with that argument .
" I think they ought to be just honest about it and stop the nonsense about , ' I look out my window and I see Russia and so therefore I know something about Russia , ' " he said .
" That kind of thing is insulting to the American people . "
Hagel told the newspaper that other governors have been elected to serve in the White House without experience in Washington .
He said judgment and character were also important for the job .
" But I do think in a world that is so complicated , so interconnected and so combustible , you really got to have some people in charge that have some sense of the bigger scope of the world , " Hagel said .
" I think that 's just a requirement . "
From Chuck Lasker of GOPforObama , one of the most consistently insightful folks whose work I treasure reading :
" Here 's some research for you !
As a Republican for Obama , I collect these links .... click here : http://my.barackobama.com/page/content/gophome click here : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/frank-schaeffer click here for Eisenhower 's Granddaughter Susan supporting Obama because of McCain's Karl Rovian Tacitics : http://www.crooksandliars.com/2008/08/22/susan-eisenhower-leaving-gop-for-good-cites-mccains-rove-style-politics click here : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kari-lundgren/my-catholic-faith-pushes_b_125023.html
Click here : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/chuck-lasker/economy-tanking-war-ontw_b_126981.html
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Daily Archives Jan 16 ( 1 ) Jan 07 ( 1 ) Dec 29 ( 1 ) Dec 24 ( 1 ) Dec 19 ( 1 ) Dec 16 ( 1 ) Nov 24 ( 1 ) Nov 23 ( 10 ) Nov 22 ( 10 ) Nov 21 ( 10 ) Nov 20 ( 10 ) Nov 19 ( 10 ) Nov 18 ( 10 ) Nov 17 ( 10 ) Nov 16 ( 10 ) Nov 15 ( 10 ) Nov 14 ( 10 ) Nov 13 ( 10 ) Nov 12 ( 10 ) Nov 11 ( 10 ) Nov 10 ( 10 ) Nov 09 ( 10 ) Nov 08 ( 10 ) Nov 07 ( 10 ) Nov 06 ( 10 ) Nov 05 ( 10 ) Nov 04 ( 10 ) Nov 03 ( 10 ) Nov 02 ( 10 ) Nov 01 ( 10 ) Oct 31 ( 10 ) Oct 30 ( 10 ) Oct 29 ( 10 ) Oct 28 ( 10 ) Oct 27 ( 10 ) Oct 26 ( 10 ) Oct 25 ( 10 ) Oct 24 ( 10 ) Oct 23 ( 10 ) Oct 22 ( 10 ) Oct 21 ( 10 ) Oct 20 ( 10 ) Oct 19 ( 10 ) Oct 18 ( 10 ) Oct 17 ( 10 ) Oct 16 ( 10 ) Oct 15 ( 10 ) Oct 14 ( 10 ) Oct 13 ( 10 ) Oct 12 ( 10 ) Oct 11 ( 10 ) Oct 10 ( 10 ) Oct 09 ( 10 ) Oct 08 ( 10 ) Oct 07 ( 10 ) Oct 06 ( 10 ) Oct 05 ( 10 ) Oct 04 ( 10 ) Oct 03 ( 10 ) Oct 02 ( 10 ) Oct 01 ( 10 ) Sep 30 ( 10 ) Sep 29 ( 10 ) Sep 28 ( 10 ) Sep 27 ( 10 ) Sep 26 ( 10 ) Sep 25 ( 10 ) Sep 24 ( 10 ) Sep 23 ( 10 ) Sep 22 ( 10 ) Sep 21 ( 10 ) Sep 20 ( 10 ) Sep 19 ( 10 ) Sep 18 ( 10 ) Sep 17 ( 10 ) Sep 16 ( 10 ) Sep 15 ( 10 ) Sep 14 ( 10 ) Sep 13 ( 10 ) Sep 12 ( 10 ) Sep 11 ( 10 ) Sep 10 ( 10 ) Sep 09 ( 10 ) Sep 08 ( 10 ) Sep 07 ( 10 ) Sep 06 ( 10 ) Sep 05 ( 10 ) Sep 04 ( 10 ) Sep 03 ( 10 ) Sep 02 ( 10 ) Sep 01 ( 10 ) Aug 31 ( 10 ) Aug 30 ( 10 ) Aug 29 ( 10 ) Aug 28 ( 10 ) Aug 27 ( 10 ) Aug 26 ( 10 ) Aug 25 ( 10 ) Aug 24 ( 10 ) Aug 23 ( 10 ) Aug 22 ( 10 ) Aug 21 ( 10 ) Aug 20 ( 10 ) Aug 19 ( 10 ) Aug 18 ( 10 ) Aug 17 ( 10 ) Aug 16 ( 10 ) Aug 15 ( 10 ) Aug 14 ( 10 ) Aug 13 ( 10 ) Aug 12 ( 10 ) Aug 11 ( 10 ) Aug 10 ( 10 ) Aug 09 ( 10 ) Aug 08 ( 10 ) Aug 07 ( 10 ) Aug 06 ( 10 ) Aug 05 ( 10 ) Aug 04 ( 10 ) Aug 03 ( 10 ) Aug 02 ( 10 ) Aug 01 ( 10 ) Jul 31 ( 10 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 10 ) Jul 28 ( 10 ) Jul 27 ( 10 ) Jul 26 ( 10 ) Jul 25 ( 10 ) Jul 24 ( 10 ) Jul 23 ( 10 ) Jul 22 ( 10 ) Jul 21 ( 10 ) Jul 20 ( 10 ) Jul 19 ( 10 ) Jul 18 ( 10 ) Jul 17 ( 10 ) Jul 16 ( 10 ) Jul 15 ( 10 ) Jul 14 ( 10 ) Jul 13 ( 10 ) Jul 12 ( 10 ) Jul 11 ( 10 ) Jul 10 ( 10 ) Jul 09 ( 10 ) Jul 08 ( 10 ) Jul 07 ( 10 ) Jul 06 ( 10 ) Jul 05 ( 10 ) Jul 04 ( 10 ) Jul 03 ( 10 ) Jul 02 ( 10 ) Jul 01 ( 10 ) Jun 30 ( 10 ) Jun 29 ( 10 ) Jun 28 ( 10 ) Jun 27 ( 10 ) Jun 26 ( 10 ) Jun 25 ( 10 ) Jun 24 ( 10 ) Jun 23 ( 10 ) Jun 22 ( 10 ) Jun 21 ( 10 ) Jun 20 ( 10 ) Jun 19 ( 10 ) Jun 18 ( 10 ) Jun 17 ( 10 ) Jun 16 ( 10 ) Jun 15 ( 10 ) Jun 14 ( 10 ) Jun 13 ( 10 ) Jun 12 ( 10 ) Jun 11 ( 10 ) Jun 10 ( 10 ) Jun 09 ( 10 ) Jun 08 ( 10 ) Jun 07 ( 10 ) Jun 06 ( 10 ) Jun 05 ( 10 ) Jun 04 ( 10 ) Jun 03 ( 10 ) Jun 02 ( 10 ) Jun 01 ( 10 ) May 31 ( 10 ) May 30 ( 10 ) May 29 ( 10 ) May 28 ( 10 ) May 27 ( 10 ) May 26 ( 10 ) May 25 ( 10 ) May 24 ( 10 ) May 23 ( 10 ) May 22 ( 10 ) May 21 ( 10 ) May 20 ( 10 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 10 ) May 17 ( 10 ) May 16 ( 10 ) May 15 ( 10 ) May 14 ( 10 ) May 13 ( 10 ) May 12 ( 10 ) May 11 ( 10 ) May 10 ( 10 ) May 09 ( 10 ) May 08 ( 10 ) May 07 ( 10 ) May 06 ( 10 ) May 05 ( 10 ) May 04 ( 10 ) May 03 ( 10 ) May 02 ( 10 ) May 01 ( 10 ) Apr 30 ( 10 ) Apr 29 ( 10 ) Apr 28 ( 10 ) Apr 27 ( 10 ) Apr 26 ( 10 ) Apr 25 ( 10 ) Apr 24 ( 10 ) Apr 23 ( 10 ) Apr 22 ( 10 ) Apr 21 ( 10 ) Apr 20 ( 10 ) Apr 19 ( 10 ) Apr 18 ( 10 ) Apr 17 ( 10 ) Apr 16 ( 10 ) Apr 15 ( 10 ) Apr 14 ( 10 ) Apr 13 ( 10 ) Apr 12 ( 10 ) Apr 11 ( 10 ) Apr 10 ( 10 ) Apr 09 ( 10 ) Apr 08 ( 10 ) Apr 07 ( 10 ) Apr 06 ( 10 ) Apr 05 ( 10 ) Apr 04 ( 10 ) Apr 03 ( 10 ) Apr 02 ( 10 ) Apr 01 ( 10 ) Mar 31 ( 10 ) Mar 30 ( 10 ) Mar 29 ( 10 ) Mar 28 ( 10 ) Mar 27 ( 10 ) Mar 26 ( 10 ) Mar 25 ( 10 ) Mar 24 ( 10 ) Mar 23 ( 10 ) Mar 22 ( 10 ) Mar 21 ( 10 ) Mar 20 ( 10 ) Mar 19 ( 10 ) Mar 18 ( 10 ) Mar 17 ( 10 ) Mar 16 ( 10 ) Mar 15 ( 10 ) Mar 14 ( 10 ) Mar 13 ( 10 ) Mar 12 ( 10 ) Mar 11 ( 10 ) Mar 10 ( 10 ) Mar 09 ( 10 ) Mar 08 ( 10 ) Mar 07 ( 10 ) Mar 06 ( 10 ) Mar 05 ( 10 ) Mar 04 ( 10 ) Mar 03 ( 10 ) Mar 02 ( 10 ) Mar 01 ( 10 ) Feb 29 ( 10 ) Feb 28 ( 10 ) Feb 27 ( 10 ) Feb 26 ( 10 ) Feb 25 ( 10 ) Feb 24 ( 10 ) Feb 23 ( 10 ) Feb 22 ( 10 ) Feb 21 ( 10 ) Feb 20 ( 10 ) Feb 19 ( 10 ) Feb 18 ( 10 ) Feb 17 ( 10 ) Feb 16 ( 10 ) Feb 15 ( 10 ) Feb 14 ( 10 ) Feb 13 ( 10 ) Feb 12 ( 10 ) Feb 11 ( 10 ) Feb 10 ( 10 ) Feb 09 ( 10 ) Feb 08 ( 10 ) Feb 07 ( 10 ) Feb 06 ( 10 ) Feb 05 ( 10 ) Feb 04 ( 10 ) Feb 03 ( 10 ) Feb 02 ( 10 ) Feb 01 ( 10 ) Jan 31 ( 10 ) Jan 30 ( 10 ) Jan 29 ( 10 ) Jan 28 ( 10 ) Jan 27 ( 10 ) Jan 26 ( 10 ) Jan 25 ( 10 ) Jan 24 ( 10 ) Jan 23 ( 10 ) Jan 22 ( 10 ) Jan 21 ( 10 ) Jan 20 ( 10 ) Jan 19 ( 10 ) Jan 18 ( 10 ) Jan 17 ( 10 ) Jan 16 ( 10 ) Jan 15 ( 10 ) Jan 14 ( 10 ) Jan 13 ( 10 ) Jan 12 ( 10 ) Jan 11 ( 10 ) Jan 10 ( 10 ) Jan 09 ( 10 ) Jan 08 ( 10 ) Jan 07 ( 10 ) Jan 06 ( 10 ) Jan 05 ( 10 ) Jan 04 ( 10 ) Jan 03 ( 10 ) Jan 02 ( 10 ) Jan 01 ( 10 ) Dec 31 ( 10 ) Dec 30 ( 10 ) Dec 29 ( 10 ) Dec 28 ( 10 ) Dec 27 ( 10 ) Dec 26 ( 10 ) Dec 25 ( 10 ) Dec 24 ( 10 ) Dec 23 ( 10 ) Dec 22 ( 10 ) Dec 21 ( 10 ) Dec 20 ( 10 ) Dec 19 ( 10 ) Dec 18 ( 10 ) Dec 17 ( 10 ) Dec 16 ( 10 ) Dec 15 ( 10 ) Dec 14 ( 10 ) Dec 13 ( 10 ) Dec 12 ( 10 ) Dec 11 ( 10 ) Dec 10 ( 10 ) Dec 09 ( 10 ) Dec 08 ( 10 ) Dec 07 ( 10 ) Dec 06 ( 10 ) Dec 05 ( 10 ) Dec 04 ( 10 ) Dec 03 ( 10 ) Dec 02 ( 10 ) Dec 01 ( 10 ) Nov 30 ( 10 ) Nov 29 ( 10 ) Nov 28 ( 10 ) Nov 27 ( 10 ) Nov 26 ( 10 ) Nov 25 ( 10 ) Nov 24 ( 10 ) Nov 23 ( 10 ) Nov 22 ( 10 ) Nov 21 ( 10 ) Nov 20 ( 10 ) Nov 19 ( 10 ) Nov 18 ( 10 ) Nov 17 ( 10 ) Nov 16 ( 10 ) Nov 15 ( 10 ) Nov 14 ( 10 ) Nov 13 ( 10 ) Nov 12 ( 10 ) Nov 11 ( 10 ) Nov 10 ( 10 ) Nov 09 ( 10 ) Nov 08 ( 10 ) Nov 07 ( 10 ) Nov 06 ( 10 ) Nov 05 ( 10 ) Nov 04 ( 10 ) Nov 03 ( 10 ) Nov 02 ( 10 ) Nov 01 ( 10 ) Oct 31 ( 10 ) Oct 30 ( 10 ) Oct 29 ( 10 ) Oct 28 ( 10 ) Oct 27 ( 10 ) Oct 26 ( 10 ) Oct 25 ( 10 ) Oct 24 ( 10 ) Oct 23 ( 10 ) Oct 22 ( 10 ) Oct 21 ( 10 ) Oct 20 ( 10 ) Oct 19 ( 10 ) Oct 18 ( 10 ) Oct 17 ( 10 ) Oct 16 ( 10 ) Oct 15 ( 10 ) Oct 14 ( 10 ) Oct 13 ( 10 ) Oct 12 ( 10 ) Oct 11 ( 10 ) Oct 10 ( 10 ) Oct 09 ( 10 ) Oct 08 ( 10 ) Oct 07 ( 10 ) Oct 06 ( 10 ) Oct 05 ( 10 ) Oct 04 ( 10 ) Oct 03 ( 10 ) Oct 02 ( 10 ) Oct 01 ( 10 ) Sep 30 ( 10 ) Sep 29 ( 10 ) Sep 28 ( 10 ) Sep 27 ( 10 ) Sep 26 ( 10 ) Sep 25 ( 10 ) Sep 24 ( 10 ) Sep 23 ( 10 ) Sep 22 ( 10 ) Sep 21 ( 10 ) Sep 20 ( 10 ) Sep 19 ( 10 ) Sep 18 ( 10 ) Sep 17 ( 10 ) Sep 16 ( 10 ) Sep 15 ( 10 ) Sep 14 ( 10 ) Sep 13 ( 10 ) Sep 12 ( 10 ) Sep 11 ( 10 ) Sep 10 ( 10 ) Sep 09 ( 10 ) Sep 08 ( 10 ) Sep 07 ( 10 ) Sep 06 ( 10 ) Sep 05 ( 10 ) Sep 04 ( 10 ) Sep 03 ( 10 ) Sep 02 ( 10 ) Sep 01 ( 10 ) Aug 31 ( 10 ) Aug 30 ( 10 ) Aug 29 ( 10 ) Aug 28 ( 10 ) Aug 27 ( 10 ) Aug 26 ( 10 ) Aug 25 ( 10 ) Aug 24 ( 10 ) Aug 23 ( 10 ) Aug 22 ( 10 ) Aug 21 ( 10 ) Aug 20 ( 10 ) Aug 19 ( 10 ) Aug 18 ( 10 ) Aug 17 ( 10 ) Aug 16 ( 10 ) Aug 15 ( 10 ) Aug 14 ( 10 ) Aug 13 ( 10 ) Aug 12 ( 10 ) Aug 11 ( 10 ) Aug 10 ( 10 ) Aug 09 ( 10 ) Aug 08 ( 10 ) Aug 07 ( 10 ) Aug 06 ( 10 ) Aug 05 ( 10 ) Aug 04 ( 10 ) Aug 03 ( 10 ) Aug 02 ( 10 ) Aug 01 ( 10 ) Jul 31 ( 10 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 10 ) Jul 28 ( 10 ) Jul 27 ( 10 ) Jul 26 ( 10 ) Jul 25 ( 10 ) Jul 24 ( 10 ) Jul 23 ( 10 ) Jul 22 ( 10 ) Jul 21 ( 10 ) Jul 20 ( 10 ) Jul 19 ( 10 ) Jul 18 ( 10 ) Jul 17 ( 10 ) Jul 16 ( 10 ) Jul 15 ( 10 ) Jul 14 ( 10 ) Jul 13 ( 10 ) Jul 12 ( 10 ) Jul 11 ( 10 ) Jul 10 ( 10 ) Jul 09 ( 10 ) Jul 08 ( 10 ) Jul 07 ( 10 ) Jul 06 ( 10 ) Jul 05 ( 10 ) Jul 04 ( 10 ) Jul 03 ( 10 ) Jul 02 ( 10 ) Jul 01 ( 10 ) Jun 30 ( 10 ) Jun 29 ( 10 ) Jun 28 ( 10 ) Jun 27 ( 10 ) Jun 26 ( 10 ) Jun 25 ( 10 ) Jun 24 ( 10 ) Jun 23 ( 10 ) Jun 22 ( 10 ) Jun 21 ( 10 ) Jun 20 ( 10 ) Jun 19 ( 10 ) Jun 18 ( 10 ) Jun 17 ( 10 ) Jun 16 ( 10 ) Jun 15 ( 10 ) Jun 14 ( 10 ) Jun 13 ( 10 ) Jun 12 ( 10 ) Jun 11 ( 10 ) Jun 10 ( 10 ) Jun 09 ( 10 ) Jun 08 ( 10 ) Jun 07 ( 10 ) Jun 06 ( 10 ) Jun 05 ( 10 ) Jun 04 ( 10 ) Jun 03 ( 10 ) Jun 02 ( 10 ) Jun 01 ( 10 ) May 31 ( 10 ) May 30 ( 10 ) May 29 ( 10 ) May 28 ( 9 ) May 27 ( 10 ) May 26 ( 10 ) May 25 ( 10 ) May 24 ( 10 ) May 23 ( 10 ) May 22 ( 10 ) May 21 ( 10 ) May 20 ( 10 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 10 ) May 17 ( 10 ) May 16 ( 10 ) May 15 ( 10 ) May 14 ( 10 ) May 13 ( 10 ) May 12 ( 10 ) May 11 ( 10 ) May 10 ( 10 ) May 09 ( 10 ) May 08 ( 10 ) May 07 ( 10 ) May 06 ( 10 ) May 05 ( 10 ) May 04 ( 10 ) May 03 ( 10 ) May 02 ( 10 ) May 01 ( 10 ) Apr 30 ( 10 ) Apr 29 ( 10 ) Apr 28 ( 10 ) Apr 27 ( 10 ) Apr 26 ( 10 ) Apr 25 ( 10 ) Apr 24 ( 10 ) Apr 23 ( 10 ) Apr 22 ( 10 ) Apr 21 ( 10 ) Apr 20 ( 10 ) Apr 19 ( 10 ) Apr 18 ( 10 ) Apr 17 ( 10 ) Apr 16 ( 10 ) Apr 15 ( 10 ) Apr 14 ( 10 ) Apr 13 ( 10 ) Apr 12 ( 10 ) Apr 11 ( 10 ) Apr 10 ( 10 ) Apr 09 ( 10 ) Apr 08 ( 10 ) Apr 07 ( 10 ) Apr 06 ( 10 ) Apr 05 ( 10 ) Apr 04 ( 10 ) Apr 03 ( 10 ) Apr 02 ( 10 ) Apr 01 ( 10 ) Mar 31 ( 10 ) Mar 30 ( 10 ) Mar 29 ( 10 ) Mar 28 ( 10 ) Mar 27 ( 10 ) Mar 26 ( 10 ) Mar 25 ( 10 ) Mar 24 ( 10 ) Mar 23 ( 10 ) Mar 22 ( 10 ) Mar 21 ( 10 ) Mar 20 ( 10 ) Mar 19 ( 10 ) Mar 18 ( 10 ) Mar 17 ( 10 ) Mar 16 ( 10 ) Mar 15 ( 10 ) Mar 14 ( 10 ) Mar 13 ( 10 ) Mar 12 ( 10 ) Mar 11 ( 10 ) Mar 10 ( 10 ) Mar 09 ( 10 ) Mar 08 ( 10 ) Mar 07 ( 10 ) Mar 06 ( 10 ) Mar 05 ( 10 ) Mar 04 ( 10 ) Mar 03 ( 10 ) Mar 02 ( 10 ) Mar 01 ( 10 ) Feb 28 ( 10 ) Feb 27 ( 10 ) Feb 26 ( 10 ) Feb 25 ( 10 ) Feb 24 ( 10 ) Feb 23 ( 10 ) Feb 22 ( 10 ) Feb 21 ( 10 ) Feb 20 ( 10 ) Feb 19 ( 10 ) Feb 18 ( 10 ) Feb 17 ( 10 ) Feb 16 ( 10 ) Feb 15 ( 10 ) Feb 14 ( 10 ) Feb 13 ( 10 ) Feb 12 ( 10 ) Feb 11 ( 10 ) Feb 10 ( 10 ) Feb 09 ( 10 ) Feb 08 ( 10 ) Feb 07 ( 10 ) Feb 06 ( 10 ) Feb 05 ( 10 ) Feb 04 ( 10 ) Feb 03 ( 10 ) Feb 02 ( 10 ) Feb 01 ( 10 ) Jan 31 ( 10 ) Jan 30 ( 10 ) Jan 29 ( 10 ) Jan 28 ( 10 ) Jan 27 ( 10 ) Jan 26 ( 10 ) Jan 25 ( 10 ) Jan 24 ( 10 ) Jan 23 ( 10 ) Jan 22 ( 10 ) Jan 21 ( 10 ) Jan 20 ( 10 ) Jan 19 ( 10 ) Jan 18 ( 10 ) Jan 17 ( 8 ) Jan 16 ( 10 ) Jan 15 ( 10 ) Jan 14 ( 10 ) Jan 13 ( 10 ) Jan 12 ( 10 ) Jan 11 ( 10 ) Jan 10 ( 10 ) Jan 09 ( 10 ) Jan 08 ( 10 ) Jan 07 ( 10 ) Jan 06 ( 10 ) Jan 05 ( 8 ) Jan 04 ( 10 ) Jan 03 ( 10 ) Jan 02 ( 10 ) Jan 01 ( 10 ) Dec 31 ( 10 ) Dec 30 ( 10 ) Dec 29 ( 10 ) Dec 28 ( 10 ) Dec 27 ( 10 ) Dec 26 ( 8 ) Dec 25 ( 8 ) Dec 24 ( 10 ) Dec 23 ( 10 ) Dec 22 ( 10 ) Dec 21 ( 10 ) Dec 20 ( 10 ) Dec 19 ( 10 ) Dec 18 ( 10 ) Dec 17 ( 10 ) Dec 16 ( 10 ) Dec 15 ( 10 ) Dec 14 ( 10 ) Dec 13 ( 10 ) Dec 12 ( 10 ) Dec 11 ( 10 ) Dec 10 ( 10 ) Dec 09 ( 10 ) Dec 08 ( 10 ) Dec 07 ( 10 ) Dec 06 ( 10 ) Dec 05 ( 10 ) Dec 04 ( 10 ) Dec 03 ( 10 ) Dec 02 ( 10 ) Dec 01 ( 10 ) Nov 30 ( 10 ) Nov 29 ( 10 ) Nov 28 ( 10 ) Nov 27 ( 10 ) Nov 26 ( 10 ) Nov 25 ( 10 ) Nov 24 ( 10 ) Nov 23 ( 10 ) Nov 22 ( 10 ) Nov 21 ( 10 ) Nov 20 ( 10 ) Nov 19 ( 10 ) Nov 18 ( 10 ) Nov 17 ( 10 ) Nov 16 ( 10 ) Nov 15 ( 10 ) Nov 14 ( 10 ) Nov 13 ( 10 ) Nov 12 ( 10 ) Nov 11 ( 10 ) Nov 10 ( 10 ) Nov 09 ( 10 ) Nov 08 ( 10 ) Nov 07 ( 10 ) Nov 06 ( 10 ) Nov 05 ( 10 ) Nov 04 ( 10 ) Nov 03 ( 8 ) Nov 02 ( 10 ) Nov 01 ( 10 ) Oct 31 ( 10 ) Oct 30 ( 10 ) Oct 29 ( 10 ) Oct 28 ( 10 ) Oct 27 ( 10 ) Oct 26 ( 10 ) Oct 25 ( 10 ) Oct 24 ( 10 ) Oct 23 ( 10 ) Oct 22 ( 10 ) Oct 21 ( 8 ) Oct 20 ( 10 ) Oct 19 ( 10 ) Oct 18 ( 10 ) Oct 17 ( 10 ) Oct 16 ( 10 ) Oct 15 ( 10 ) Oct 14 ( 10 ) Oct 13 ( 10 ) Oct 12 ( 9 ) Oct 11 ( 10 ) Oct 10 ( 10 ) Oct 09 ( 10 ) Oct 08 ( 10 ) Oct 07 ( 10 ) Oct 06 ( 10 ) Oct 05 ( 10 ) Oct 04 ( 10 ) Oct 03 ( 10 ) Oct 02 ( 10 ) Oct 01 ( 10 ) Sep 30 ( 10 ) Sep 29 ( 10 ) Sep 28 ( 10 ) Sep 27 ( 10 ) Sep 26 ( 10 ) Sep 25 ( 10 ) Sep 24 ( 10 ) Sep 23 ( 10 ) Sep 22 ( 10 ) Sep 21 ( 10 ) Sep 20 ( 10 ) Sep 19 ( 10 ) Sep 18 ( 10 ) Sep 17 ( 10 ) Sep 16 ( 5 ) Sep 15 ( 1 ) Sep 14 ( 10 ) Sep 13 ( 10 ) Sep 12 ( 10 ) Sep 11 ( 10 ) Sep 10 ( 10 ) Sep 09 ( 10 ) Sep 08 ( 10 ) Sep 07 ( 10 ) Sep 06 ( 10 ) Sep 05 ( 10 ) Sep 04 ( 10 ) Sep 03 ( 10 ) Sep 02 ( 8 ) Sep 01 ( 10 ) Aug 31 ( 10 ) Aug 30 ( 10 ) Aug 29 ( 10 ) Aug 28 ( 10 ) Aug 27 ( 10 ) Aug 26 ( 10 ) Aug 25 ( 10 ) Aug 24 ( 10 ) Aug 23 ( 10 ) Aug 22 ( 10 ) Aug 21 ( 10 ) Aug 20 ( 10 ) Aug 19 ( 10 ) Aug 18 ( 10 ) Aug 17 ( 10 ) Aug 16 ( 10 ) Aug 15 ( 10 ) Aug 14 ( 10 ) Aug 13 ( 10 ) Aug 12 ( 10 ) Aug 11 ( 10 ) Aug 10 ( 10 ) Aug 09 ( 10 ) Aug 08 ( 10 ) Aug 07 ( 10 ) Aug 06 ( 10 ) Aug 05 ( 10 ) Aug 04 ( 10 ) Aug 03 ( 10 ) Aug 02 ( 10 ) Aug 01 ( 10 ) Jul 31 ( 10 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 10 ) Jul 28 ( 10 ) Jul 27 ( 10 ) Jul 26 ( 10 ) Jul 25 ( 10 ) Jul 24 ( 10 ) Jul 23 ( 10 ) Jul 22 ( 10 ) Jul 21 ( 10 ) Jul 20 ( 10 ) Jul 19 ( 10 ) Jul 18 ( 10 ) Jul 17 ( 10 ) Jul 16 ( 10 ) Jul 15 ( 10 ) Jul 14 ( 10 ) Jul 13 ( 10 ) Jul 12 ( 10 ) Jul 11 ( 10 ) Jul 10 ( 10 ) Jul 09 ( 10 ) Jul 08 ( 10 ) Jul 07 ( 10 ) Jul 06 ( 10 ) Jul 05 ( 10 ) Jul 04 ( 10 ) Jul 03 ( 10 ) Jul 02 ( 10 ) Jul 01 ( 10 ) Jun 30 ( 10 ) Jun 29 ( 10 ) Jun 28 ( 10 ) Jun 27 ( 10 ) Jun 26 ( 10 ) Jun 25 ( 10 ) Jun 24 ( 10 ) Jun 23 ( 10 ) Jun 22 ( 10 ) Jun 21 ( 10 ) Jun 20 ( 10 ) Jun 19 ( 10 ) Jun 18 ( 10 ) Jun 17 ( 10 ) Jun 16 ( 10 ) Jun 15 ( 10 ) Jun 14 ( 10 ) Jun 13 ( 10 ) Jun 12 ( 10 ) Jun 11 ( 10 ) Jun 10 ( 10 ) Jun 09 ( 10 ) Jun 08 ( 10 ) Jun 07 ( 10 ) Jun 06 ( 10 ) Jun 05 ( 10 ) Jun 04 ( 10 ) Jun 03 ( 10 ) Jun 02 ( 10 ) Jun 01 ( 10 ) May 31 ( 10 ) May 30 ( 10 ) May 29 ( 10 ) May 28 ( 10 ) May 27 ( 11 ) May 26 ( 10 ) May 25 ( 10 ) May 24 ( 10 ) May 23 ( 10 ) May 22 ( 10 ) May 21 ( 10 ) May 20 ( 10 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 10 ) May 17 ( 10 ) May 16 ( 10 ) May 15 ( 10 ) May 14 ( 10 ) May 13 ( 10 ) May 12 ( 8 ) May 11 ( 10 ) May 10 ( 10 ) May 09 ( 10 ) May 08 ( 10 ) May 07 ( 12 ) May 06 ( 8 ) May 05 ( 8 ) May 04 ( 10 ) May 03 ( 10 ) May 02 ( 10 ) May 01 ( 11 ) Apr 30 ( 10 ) Apr 29 ( 1 ) Apr 28 ( 10 ) Apr 27 ( 8 ) Apr 26 ( 10 ) Apr 25 ( 10 ) Apr 24 ( 10 ) Apr 23 ( 10 ) Apr 22 ( 8 ) Apr 21 ( 10 ) Apr 20 ( 10 ) Apr 19 ( 10 ) Apr 18 ( 10 ) Apr 17 ( 10 ) Apr 16 ( 10 ) Apr 15 ( 10 ) Apr 14 ( 10 ) Apr 13 ( 10 ) Apr 12 ( 10 ) Apr 11 ( 10 ) Apr 10 ( 10 ) Apr 09 ( 10 ) Apr 08 ( 8 ) Apr 07 ( 8 ) Apr 06 ( 8 ) Apr 05 ( 10 ) Apr 04 ( 10 ) Apr 03 ( 10 ) Apr 02 ( 10 ) Apr 01 ( 10 ) Mar 31 ( 8 ) Mar 30 ( 8 ) Mar 29 ( 10 ) Mar 28 ( 10 ) Mar 27 ( 10 ) Mar 26 ( 10 ) Mar 25 ( 10 ) Mar 24 ( 8 ) Mar 23 ( 10 ) Mar 22 ( 10 ) Mar 21 ( 10 ) Mar 20 ( 10 ) Mar 19 ( 10 ) Mar 18 ( 10 ) Mar 17 ( 10 ) Mar 16 ( 10 ) Mar 15 ( 10 ) Mar 14 ( 10 ) Mar 13 ( 10 ) Mar 12 ( 9 ) Mar 11 ( 10 ) Mar 10 ( 10 ) Mar 09 ( 10 ) Mar 08 ( 10 ) Mar 07 ( 10 ) Mar 06 ( 10 ) Mar 05 ( 10 ) Mar 04 ( 10 ) Mar 03 ( 10 ) Mar 02 ( 10 ) Mar 01 ( 10 ) Feb 28 ( 10 ) Feb 27 ( 10 ) Feb 26 ( 10 ) Feb 25 ( 10 ) Feb 24 ( 10 ) Feb 23 ( 10 ) Feb 22 ( 10 ) Feb 21 ( 10 ) Feb 20 ( 10 ) Feb 19 ( 10 ) Feb 18 ( 10 ) Feb 17 ( 8 ) Feb 16 ( 10 ) Feb 15 ( 10 ) Feb 14 ( 10 ) Feb 13 ( 11 ) Feb 12 ( 10 ) Feb 11 ( 10 ) Feb 10 ( 8 ) Feb 09 ( 10 ) Feb 08 ( 10 ) Feb 07 ( 10 ) Feb 06 ( 10 ) Feb 05 ( 10 ) Feb 04 ( 9 ) Feb 03 ( 10 ) Feb 02 ( 10 ) Feb 01 ( 10 ) Jan 31 ( 10 ) Jan 30 ( 10 ) Jan 29 ( 10 ) Jan 28 ( 10 ) Jan 27 ( 10 ) Jan 26 ( 10 ) Jan 25 ( 10 ) Jan 24 ( 10 ) Jan 23 ( 10 ) Jan 22 ( 10 ) Jan 21 ( 10 ) Jan 20 ( 10 ) Jan 19 ( 10 ) Jan 18 ( 10 ) Jan 17 ( 10 ) Jan 16 ( 10 ) Jan 15 ( 10 ) Jan 14 ( 10 ) Jan 13 ( 10 ) Jan 12 ( 10 ) Jan 11 ( 10 ) Jan 10 ( 10 ) Jan 09 ( 10 ) Jan 08 ( 10 ) Jan 07 ( 10 ) Jan 06 ( 10 ) Jan 05 ( 9 ) Jan 04 ( 10 ) Jan 03 ( 10 ) Jan 02 ( 10 ) Jan 01 ( 5 ) Dec 31 ( 10 ) Dec 30 ( 10 ) Dec 29 ( 10 ) Dec 28 ( 10 ) Dec 27 ( 10 ) Dec 26 ( 10 ) Dec 25 ( 5 ) Dec 24 ( 10 ) Dec 23 ( 10 ) Dec 22 ( 10 ) Dec 21 ( 10 ) Dec 20 ( 10 ) Dec 19 ( 10 ) Dec 18 ( 10 ) Dec 17 ( 10 ) Dec 16 ( 10 ) Dec 15 ( 10 ) Dec 14 ( 10 ) Dec 13 ( 10 ) Dec 12 ( 10 ) Dec 11 ( 10 ) Dec 10 ( 10 ) Dec 09 ( 10 ) Dec 08 ( 10 ) Dec 07 ( 10 ) Dec 06 ( 10 ) Dec 05 ( 10 ) Dec 04 ( 10 ) Dec 03 ( 10 ) Dec 02 ( 10 ) Dec 01 ( 10 ) Nov 30 ( 10 ) Nov 29 ( 10 ) Nov 28 ( 10 ) Nov 27 ( 10 ) Nov 26 ( 10 ) Nov 25 ( 10 ) Nov 24 ( 10 ) Nov 23 ( 10 ) Nov 22 ( 10 ) Nov 21 ( 10 ) Nov 20 ( 10 ) Nov 19 ( 10 ) Nov 18 ( 10 ) Nov 17 ( 10 ) Nov 16 ( 10 ) Nov 15 ( 10 ) Nov 14 ( 10 ) Nov 13 ( 10 ) Nov 12 ( 10 ) Nov 11 ( 10 ) Nov 10 ( 10 ) Nov 09 ( 10 ) Nov 08 ( 10 ) Nov 07 ( 10 ) Nov 06 ( 10 ) Nov 05 ( 10 ) Nov 04 ( 10 ) Nov 03 ( 10 ) Nov 02 ( 10 ) Nov 01 ( 10 ) Oct 31 ( 10 ) Oct 30 ( 10 ) Oct 29 ( 10 ) Oct 28 ( 10 ) Oct 27 ( 10 ) Oct 26 ( 10 ) Oct 25 ( 10 ) Oct 24 ( 10 ) Oct 23 ( 10 ) Oct 22 ( 10 ) Oct 21 ( 10 ) Oct 20 ( 10 ) Oct 19 ( 10 ) Oct 18 ( 10 ) Oct 17 ( 10 ) Oct 16 ( 10 ) Oct 15 ( 12 ) Oct 14 ( 10 ) Oct 13 ( 10 ) Oct 12 ( 10 ) Oct 11 ( 10 ) Oct 10 ( 10 ) Oct 09 ( 10 ) Oct 08 ( 10 ) Oct 07 ( 10 ) Oct 06 ( 10 ) Oct 05 ( 10 ) Oct 04 ( 12 ) Oct 03 ( 12 ) Oct 02 ( 12 ) Oct 01 ( 10 ) Sep 30 ( 10 ) Sep 29 ( 10 ) Sep 28 ( 10 ) Sep 27 ( 12 ) Sep 26 ( 12 ) Sep 25 ( 14 ) Sep 24 ( 10 ) Sep 23 ( 10 ) Sep 22 ( 10 ) Sep 21 ( 10 ) Sep 20 ( 12 ) Sep 19 ( 13 ) Sep 18 ( 10 ) Sep 17 ( 10 ) Sep 16 ( 10 ) Sep 15 ( 10 ) Sep 14 ( 10 ) Sep 13 ( 14 ) Sep 12 ( 10 ) Sep 11 ( 12 ) Sep 10 ( 12 ) Sep 09 ( 10 ) Sep 08 ( 10 ) Sep 07 ( 10 ) Sep 06 ( 12 ) Sep 05 ( 12 ) Sep 04 ( 12 ) Sep 03 ( 12 ) Sep 02 ( 10 ) Sep 01 ( 10 ) Aug 31 ( 10 ) Aug 30 ( 10 ) Aug 29 ( 10 ) Aug 28 ( 10 ) Aug 27 ( 10 ) Aug 26 ( 10 ) Aug 25 ( 10 ) Aug 24 ( 10 ) Aug 23 ( 12 ) Aug 22 ( 10 ) Aug 21 ( 12 ) Aug 20 ( 10 ) Aug 19 ( 10 ) Aug 18 ( 10 ) Aug 17 ( 10 ) Aug 16 ( 10 ) Aug 15 ( 10 ) Aug 14 ( 12 ) Aug 13 ( 10 ) Aug 12 ( 10 ) Aug 11 ( 10 ) Aug 10 ( 10 ) Aug 09 ( 10 ) Aug 08 ( 10 ) Aug 07 ( 10 ) Aug 06 ( 10 ) Aug 05 ( 10 ) Aug 04 ( 10 ) Aug 03 ( 10 ) Aug 02 ( 10 ) Aug 01 ( 10 ) Jul 31 ( 12 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 10 ) Jul 28 ( 10 ) Jul 27 ( 10 ) Jul 26 ( 11 ) Jul 25 ( 10 ) Jul 24 ( 10 ) Jul 23 ( 10 ) Jul 22 ( 10 ) Jul 21 ( 10 ) Jul 20 ( 10 ) Jul 19 ( 12 ) Jul 18 ( 10 ) Jul 17 ( 10 ) Jul 16 ( 10 ) Jul 15 ( 10 ) Jul 14 ( 10 ) Jul 13 ( 10 ) Jul 12 ( 10 ) Jul 11 ( 10 ) Jul 10 ( 14 ) Jul 09 ( 14 ) Jul 08 ( 10 ) Jul 07 ( 10 ) Jul 06 ( 10 ) Jul 05 ( 10 ) Jul 04 ( 10 ) Jul 03 ( 10 ) Jul 02 ( 10 ) Jul 01 ( 10 ) Jun 30 ( 10 ) Jun 29 ( 10 ) Jun 28 ( 12 ) Jun 27 ( 12 ) Jun 26 ( 12 ) Jun 25 ( 12 ) Jun 24 ( 12 ) Jun 23 ( 12 ) Jun 22 ( 8 ) Jun 21 ( 12 ) Jun 20 ( 12 ) Jun 19 ( 12 ) Jun 18 ( 10 ) Jun 17 ( 10 ) Jun 16 ( 10 ) Jun 15 ( 12 ) Jun 14 ( 14 ) Jun 13 ( 12 ) Jun 12 ( 12 ) Jun 11 ( 10 ) Jun 10 ( 10 ) Jun 09 ( 10 ) Jun 08 ( 10 ) Jun 07 ( 10 ) Jun 06 ( 10 ) Jun 05 ( 10 ) Jun 04 ( 10 ) Jun 03 ( 10 ) Jun 02 ( 10 ) Jun 01 ( 10 ) May 31 ( 11 ) May 30 ( 12 ) May 29 ( 10 ) May 28 ( 10 ) May 27 ( 10 ) May 26 ( 10 ) May 25 ( 12 ) May 24 ( 12 ) May 23 ( 16 ) May 22 ( 10 ) May 21 ( 10 ) May 20 ( 10 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 10 ) May 17 ( 14 ) May 16 ( 10 ) May 15 ( 12 ) May 14 ( 12 ) May 13 ( 11 ) May 12 ( 10 ) May 11 ( 10 ) May 10 ( 12 ) May 09 ( 11 ) May 08 ( 12 ) May 07 ( 12 ) May 06 ( 10 ) May 05 ( 10 ) May 04 ( 12 ) May 03 ( 12 ) May 02 ( 12 ) May 01 ( 12 ) Apr 30 ( 12 ) Apr 29 ( 11 ) Apr 28 ( 9 ) Apr 27 ( 11 ) Apr 26 ( 11 ) Apr 25 ( 11 ) Apr 24 ( 11 ) Apr 23 ( 10 ) Apr 22 ( 10 ) Apr 21 ( 10 ) Apr 20 ( 8 ) Apr 19 ( 12 ) Apr 18 ( 10 ) Apr 17 ( 10 ) Apr 16 ( 10 ) Apr 15 ( 10 ) Apr 14 ( 10 ) Apr 13 ( 10 ) Apr 12 ( 14 ) Apr 11 ( 12 ) Apr 10 ( 12 ) Apr 09 ( 10 ) Apr 08 ( 12 ) Apr 07 ( 10 ) Apr 06 ( 10 ) Apr 05 ( 10 ) Apr 04 ( 12 ) Apr 03 ( 12 ) Apr 02 ( 12 ) Apr 01 ( 9 ) Mar 31 ( 10 ) Mar 30 ( 10 ) Mar 29 ( 10 ) Mar 28 ( 14 ) Mar 27 ( 12 ) Mar 26 ( 10 ) Mar 25 ( 11 ) Mar 24 ( 9 ) Mar 23 ( 10 ) Mar 22 ( 10 ) Mar 21 ( 12 ) Mar 20 ( 10 ) Mar 19 ( 10 ) Mar 18 ( 10 ) Mar 17 ( 10 ) Mar 16 ( 10 ) Mar 15 ( 14 ) Mar 14 ( 12 ) Mar 13 ( 12 ) Mar 12 ( 12 ) Mar 11 ( 12 ) Mar 10 ( 10 ) Mar 09 ( 12 ) Mar 08 ( 14 ) Mar 07 ( 14 ) Mar 06 ( 14 ) Mar 05 ( 14 ) Mar 04 ( 12 ) Mar 03 ( 11 ) Mar 02 ( 10 ) Mar 01 ( 12 ) Feb 28 ( 12 ) Feb 27 ( 14 ) Feb 26 ( 12 ) Feb 25 ( 11 ) Feb 24 ( 10 ) Feb 23 ( 10 ) Feb 22 ( 11 ) Feb 21 ( 12 ) Feb 20 ( 12 ) Feb 19 ( 12 ) Feb 18 ( 1 ) Feb 17 ( 10 ) Feb 16 ( 10 ) Feb 15 ( 12 ) Feb 14 ( 12 ) Feb 13 ( 10 ) Feb 12 ( 10 ) Feb 11 ( 10 ) Feb 10 ( 10 ) Feb 09 ( 10 ) Feb 08 ( 14 ) Feb 07 ( 14 ) Feb 06 ( 12 ) Feb 05 ( 10 ) Feb 04 ( 10 ) Feb 03 ( 10 ) Feb 02 ( 10 ) Feb 01 ( 12 ) Jan 31 ( 12 ) Jan 30 ( 11 ) Jan 29 ( 12 ) Jan 28 ( 10 ) Jan 27 ( 10 ) Jan 26 ( 10 ) Jan 25 ( 12 ) Jan 24 ( 11 ) Jan 23 ( 14 ) Jan 22 ( 14 ) Jan 21 ( 9 ) Jan 20 ( 11 ) Jan 19 ( 10 ) Jan 18 ( 12 ) Jan 17 ( 14 ) Jan 16 ( 10 ) Jan 15 ( 15 ) Jan 14 ( 12 ) Jan 13 ( 9 ) Jan 12 ( 10 ) Jan 11 ( 15 ) Jan 10 ( 14 ) Jan 09 ( 12 ) Jan 08 ( 16 ) Jan 07 ( 10 ) Jan 06 ( 12 ) Jan 05 ( 10 ) Jan 04 ( 15 ) Jan 03 ( 10 ) Jan 02 ( 10 ) Jan 01 ( 1 ) Dec 31 ( 10 ) Dec 30 ( 10 ) Dec 29 ( 10 ) Dec 28 ( 10 ) Dec 27 ( 10 ) Dec 26 ( 10 ) Dec 25 ( 4 ) Dec 24 ( 10 ) Dec 23 ( 10 ) Dec 22 ( 12 ) Dec 21 ( 12 ) Dec 20 ( 15 ) Dec 19 ( 1 ) Dec 18 ( 12 ) Dec 17 ( 11 ) Dec 16 ( 10 ) Dec 15 ( 12 ) Dec 14 ( 11 ) Dec 13 ( 11 ) Dec 12 ( 14 ) Dec 11 ( 12 ) Dec 10 ( 12 ) Dec 09 ( 10 ) Dec 08 ( 12 ) Dec 07 ( 10 ) Dec 06 ( 12 ) Dec 05 ( 14 ) Dec 04 ( 15 ) Dec 03 ( 10 ) Dec 02 ( 12 ) Dec 01 ( 12 ) Nov 30 ( 12 ) Nov 29 ( 14 ) Nov 28 ( 12 ) Nov 27 ( 12 ) Nov 26 ( 12 ) Nov 25 ( 14 ) Nov 24 ( 15 ) Nov 23 ( 12 ) Nov 22 ( 12 ) Nov 21 ( 16 ) Nov 20 ( 1 ) Nov 19 ( 11 ) Nov 18 ( 12 ) Nov 17 ( 10 ) Nov 16 ( 12 ) Nov 15 ( 16 ) Nov 14 ( 14 ) Nov 13 ( 15 ) Nov 12 ( 10 ) Nov 11 ( 14 ) Nov 10 ( 12 ) Nov 09 ( 12 ) Nov 08 ( 12 ) Nov 07 ( 15 ) Nov 06 ( 12 ) Nov 05 ( 10 ) Nov 04 ( 11 ) Nov 03 ( 12 ) Nov 02 ( 14 ) Nov 01 ( 15 ) Oct 31 ( 15 ) Oct 30 ( 12 ) Oct 29 ( 11 ) Oct 28 ( 12 ) Oct 27 ( 10 ) Oct 26 ( 14 ) Oct 25 ( 14 ) Oct 24 ( 15 ) Oct 23 ( 12 ) Oct 22 ( 14 ) Oct 21 ( 10 ) Oct 20 ( 11 )
Oct 19 ( 14 ) Oct 18 ( 15 ) Oct 17 ( 14 ) Oct 16 ( 9 ) Oct 15 ( 14 ) Oct 14 ( 10 ) Oct 13 ( 12 ) Oct 12 ( 12 ) Oct 11 ( 15 ) Oct 10 ( 12 ) Oct 09 ( 12 ) Oct 08 ( 10 ) Oct 07 ( 12 ) Oct 06 ( 12 ) Oct 05 ( 15 ) Oct 04 ( 15 ) Oct 03 ( 17 ) Oct 02 ( 12 ) Oct 01 ( 14 ) Sep 30 ( 10 ) Sep 29 ( 10 ) Sep 28 ( 12 ) Sep 27 ( 15 ) Sep 26 ( 14 ) Sep 25 ( 14 ) Sep 24 ( 14 ) Sep 23 ( 12 ) Sep 22 ( 12 ) Sep 21 ( 14 ) Sep 20 ( 17 ) Sep 19 ( 12 ) Sep 18 ( 12 ) Sep 17 ( 12 ) Sep 16 ( 12 ) Sep 15 ( 14 ) Sep 14 ( 15 ) Sep 13 ( 14 ) Sep 12 ( 14 ) Sep 11 ( 14 ) Sep 10 ( 14 ) Sep 09 ( 11 ) Sep 08 ( 12 ) Sep 07 ( 15 ) Sep 06 ( 12 ) Sep 05 ( 15 ) Sep 04 ( 12 ) Sep 03 ( 1 ) Sep 02 ( 11 ) Sep 01 ( 12 ) Aug 31 ( 14 ) Aug 30 ( 12 ) Aug 29 ( 15 ) Aug 28 ( 12 ) Aug 27 ( 12 ) Aug 26 ( 10 ) Aug 25 ( 14 ) Aug 24 ( 16 ) Aug 23 ( 16 ) Aug 22 ( 11 ) Aug 21 ( 12 ) Aug 20 ( 11 ) Aug 19 ( 10 ) Aug 18 ( 11 ) Aug 17 ( 14 ) Aug 16 ( 12 ) Aug 15 ( 16 ) Aug 14 ( 1 ) Aug 13 ( 12 ) Aug 12 ( 12 ) Aug 11 ( 12 ) Aug 10 ( 17 ) Aug 09 ( 15 ) Aug 08 ( 14 ) Aug 07 ( 14 ) Aug 06 ( 1 ) Aug 05 ( 12 ) Aug 04 ( 12 ) Aug 03 ( 12 ) Aug 02 ( 13 ) Aug 01 ( 11 ) Jul 31 ( 10 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 10 ) Jul 28 ( 11 ) Jul 27 ( 12 ) Jul 26 ( 15 ) Jul 25 ( 12 ) Jul 24 ( 12 ) Jul 23 ( 10 ) Jul 22 ( 13 ) Jul 21 ( 12 ) Jul 20 ( 17 ) Jul 19 ( 15 ) Jul 18 ( 13 ) Jul 17 ( 13 ) Jul 16 ( 11 ) Jul 15 ( 13 ) Jul 14 ( 14 ) Jul 13 ( 14 ) Jul 12 ( 14 ) Jul 11 ( 12 ) Jul 10 ( 10 ) Jul 09 ( 11 ) Jul 08 ( 12 ) Jul 07 ( 17 ) Jul 06 ( 11 ) Jul 05 ( 15 ) Jul 04 ( 12 ) Jul 03 ( 15 ) Jul 02 ( 11 ) Jul 01 ( 10 ) Jun 30 ( 12 ) Jun 29 ( 12 ) Jun 28 ( 12 ) Jun 27 ( 12 ) Jun 26 ( 11 ) Jun 25 ( 11 ) Jun 24 ( 12 ) Jun 23 ( 14 ) Jun 22 ( 11 ) Jun 21 ( 11 ) Jun 20 ( 15 ) Jun 19 ( 11 ) Jun 18 ( 10 ) Jun 17 ( 10 ) Jun 16 ( 12 ) Jun 15 ( 12 ) Jun 14 ( 10 ) Jun 13 ( 14 ) Jun 12 ( 10 ) Jun 11 ( 12 ) Jun 10 ( 7 ) Jun 09 ( 16 ) Jun 08 ( 11 ) Jun 07 ( 16 ) Jun 06 ( 12 ) Jun 05 ( 14 ) Jun 04 ( 12 ) Jun 03 ( 10 ) Jun 02 ( 10 ) Jun 01 ( 15 ) May 31 ( 17 ) May 30 ( 11 ) May 29 ( 1 ) May 28 ( 11 ) May 27 ( 12 ) May 26 ( 13 ) May 25 ( 16 ) May 24 ( 12 ) May 23 ( 11 ) May 22 ( 12 ) May 21 ( 12 ) May 20 ( 1 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 13 ) May 17 ( 15 ) May 16 ( 14 ) May 15 ( 12 ) May 14 ( 10 ) May 13 ( 10 ) May 12 ( 10 ) May 11 ( 14 ) May 10 ( 15 ) May 09 ( 11 ) May 08 ( 13 ) May 07 ( 12 ) May 06 ( 12 ) May 05 ( 13 ) May 04 ( 13 ) May 03 ( 11 ) May 02 ( 11 ) May 01 ( 15 ) Apr 30 ( 11 ) Apr 29 ( 11 ) Apr 28 ( 12 ) Apr 27 ( 13 ) Apr 26 ( 13 ) Apr 25 ( 12 ) Apr 24 ( 10 ) Apr 23 ( 10 ) Apr 22 ( 11 ) Apr 21 ( 11 ) Apr 20 ( 14 ) Apr 19 ( 14 ) Apr 18 ( 15 ) Apr 17 ( 1 ) Apr 16 ( 9 ) Apr 15 ( 10 ) Apr 14 ( 12 ) Apr 13 ( 15 ) Apr 12 ( 15 ) Apr 11 ( 11 ) Apr 10 ( 10 ) Apr 09 ( 10 ) Apr 08 ( 9 ) Apr 07 ( 11 ) Apr 06 ( 10 ) Apr 05 ( 15 ) Apr 04 ( 11 ) Apr 03 ( 11 ) Apr 02 ( 10 ) Apr 01 ( 15 ) Mar 31 ( 10 ) Mar 30 ( 14 ) Mar 29 ( 16 ) Mar 28 ( 12 ) Mar 27 ( 11 ) Mar 26 ( 1 ) Mar 25 ( 14 ) Mar 24 ( 14 ) Mar 23 ( 18 ) Mar 22 ( 15 ) Mar 21 ( 11 ) Mar 20 ( 10 ) Mar 19 ( 10 ) Mar 18 ( 10 ) Mar 17 ( 10 ) Mar 16 ( 13 ) Mar 15 ( 11 ) Mar 14 ( 12 ) Mar 13 ( 1 ) Mar 12 ( 12 ) Mar 11 ( 9 ) Mar 10 ( 14 ) Mar 09 ( 11 ) Mar 08 ( 11 ) Mar 07 ( 12 ) Mar 06 ( 12 ) Mar 05 ( 8 ) Mar 04 ( 12 ) Mar 03 ( 14 ) Mar 02 ( 11 ) Mar 01 ( 12 ) Feb 29 ( 11 ) Feb 28 ( 11 ) Feb 27 ( 12 ) Feb 26 ( 10 ) Feb 25 ( 13 ) Feb 24 ( 11 ) Feb 23 ( 14 ) Feb 22 ( 10 ) Feb 21 ( 12 ) Feb 20 ( 13 ) Feb 19 ( 14 ) Feb 18 ( 10 ) Feb 17 ( 16 ) Feb 16 ( 11 ) Feb 15 ( 10 ) Feb 14 ( 11 ) Feb 13 ( 12 ) Feb 12 ( 13 ) Feb 11 ( 12 ) Feb 10 ( 13 ) Feb 09 ( 13 ) Feb 08 ( 13 ) Feb 07 ( 15 ) Feb 06 ( 11 ) Feb 05 ( 13 ) Feb 04 ( 15 ) Feb 03 ( 10 ) Feb 02 ( 12 ) Feb 01 ( 12 ) Jan 31 ( 12 ) Jan 30 ( 9 ) Jan 29 ( 11 ) Jan 28 ( 11 ) Jan 27 ( 17 ) Jan 26 ( 14 ) Jan 25 ( 13 ) Jan 24 ( 11 ) Jan 23 ( 11 ) Jan 22 ( 10 ) Jan 21 ( 14 ) Jan 20 ( 15 ) Jan 19 ( 13 ) Jan 18 ( 14 ) Jan 17 ( 13 ) Jan 16 ( 10 ) Jan 15 ( 12 ) Jan 14 ( 16 ) Jan 13 ( 10 ) Jan 12 ( 10 ) Jan 11 ( 14 ) Jan 10 ( 10 ) Jan 09 ( 13 ) Jan 08 ( 1 ) Jan 07 ( 15 ) Jan 06 ( 11 ) Jan 05 ( 12 ) Jan 04 ( 12 ) Jan 03 ( 11 ) Jan 02 ( 9 ) Jan 01 ( 11 ) Dec 31 ( 10 ) Dec 30 ( 12 ) Dec 29 ( 10 ) Dec 28 ( 12 ) Dec 27 ( 11 ) Dec 26 ( 10 ) Dec 25 ( 8 ) Dec 24 ( 11 ) Dec 23 ( 14 ) Dec 22 ( 12 ) Dec 21 ( 15 ) Dec 20 ( 12 ) Dec 19 ( 13 ) Dec 18 ( 12 ) Dec 17 ( 12 ) Dec 16 ( 13 ) Dec 15 ( 16 ) Dec 14 ( 12 ) Dec 13 ( 11 ) Dec 12 ( 12 ) Dec 11 ( 14 ) Dec 10 ( 10 ) Dec 09 ( 12 ) Dec 08 ( 12 ) Dec 07 ( 14 ) Dec 06 ( 12 ) Dec 05 ( 11 ) Dec 04 ( 10 ) Dec 03 ( 12 ) Dec 02 ( 15 ) Dec 01 ( 15 ) Nov 30 ( 15 ) Nov 29 ( 12 ) Nov 28 ( 13 ) Nov 27 ( 10 ) Nov 26 ( 11 ) Nov 25 ( 12 ) Nov 24 ( 12 ) Nov 23 ( 14 ) Nov 22 ( 11 ) Nov 21 ( 11 ) Nov 20 ( 10 ) Nov 19 ( 13 ) Nov 18 ( 11 ) Nov 17 ( 12 ) Nov 16 ( 16 ) Nov 15 ( 1 ) Nov 14 ( 9 ) Nov 13 ( 12 ) Nov 12 ( 15 ) Nov 11 ( 11 ) Nov 10 ( 14 ) Nov 09 ( 12 ) Nov 08 ( 12 ) Nov 07 ( 11 ) Nov 06 ( 13 ) Nov 05 ( 12 ) Nov 04 ( 11 ) Nov 03 ( 12 ) Nov 02 ( 14 ) Nov 01 ( 10 ) Oct 31 ( 1 ) Oct 30 ( 9 ) Oct 29 ( 9 ) Oct 28 ( 13 ) Oct 27 ( 18 ) Oct 26 ( 11 ) Oct 25 ( 12 ) Oct 24 ( 10 ) Oct 23 ( 14 ) Oct 22 ( 11 ) Oct 21 ( 11 ) Oct 20 ( 12 ) Oct 19 ( 14 ) Oct 18 ( 13 ) Oct 17 ( 13 ) Oct 16 ( 15 ) Oct 15 ( 13 ) Oct 14 ( 11 ) Oct 13 ( 18 ) Oct 12 ( 15 ) Oct 11 ( 13 ) Oct 10 ( 11 ) Oct 09 ( 12 ) Oct 08 ( 12 ) Oct 07 ( 14 ) Oct 06 ( 13 ) Oct 05 ( 10 ) Oct 04 ( 13 ) Oct 03 ( 5 ) Oct 02 ( 11 ) Oct 01 ( 14 ) Sep 30 ( 13 ) Sep 29 ( 12 ) Sep 28 ( 13 ) Sep 27 ( 13 ) Sep 26 ( 14 ) Sep 25 ( 15 ) Sep 24 ( 14 ) Sep 23 ( 13 ) Sep 22 ( 12 ) Sep 21 ( 14 ) Sep 20 ( 12 ) Sep 19 ( 13 ) Sep 18 ( 14 ) Sep 17 ( 15 ) Sep 16 ( 12 ) Sep 15 ( 12 ) Sep 14 ( 13 ) Sep 13 ( 10 ) Sep 12 ( 11 ) Sep 11 ( 10 ) Sep 10 ( 14 ) Sep 09 ( 13 ) Sep 08 ( 14 ) Sep 07 ( 11 ) Sep 06 ( 13 ) Sep 05 ( 9 ) Sep 04 ( 12 ) Sep 03 ( 10 ) Sep 02 ( 12 ) Sep 01 ( 15 ) Aug 31 ( 13 ) Aug 30 ( 10 ) Aug 29 ( 9 ) Aug 28 ( 13 ) Aug 27 ( 12 ) Aug 26 ( 11 ) Aug 25 ( 15 ) Aug 24 ( 12 ) Aug 23 ( 10 ) Aug 22 ( 10 ) Aug 21 ( 11 ) Aug 20 ( 12 ) Aug 19 ( 12 ) Aug 18 ( 14 ) Aug 17 ( 12 ) Aug 16 ( 9 ) Aug 15 ( 12 ) Aug 14 ( 12 ) Aug 13 ( 14 ) Aug 12 ( 16 ) Aug 11 ( 10 ) Aug 10 ( 13 ) Aug 09 ( 12 ) Aug 08 ( 10 ) Aug 07 ( 10 ) Aug 06 ( 12 ) Aug 05 ( 15 ) Aug 04 ( 12 ) Aug 03 ( 12 ) Aug 02 ( 12 ) Aug 01 ( 12 ) Jul 31 ( 14 ) Jul 30 ( 13 ) Jul 29 ( 12 ) Jul 28 ( 13 ) Jul 27 ( 14 ) Jul 26 ( 12 ) Jul 25 ( 11 ) Jul 24 ( 13 ) Jul 23 ( 12 ) Jul 22 ( 14 ) Jul 21 ( 13 ) Jul 20 ( 13 ) Jul 19 ( 9 ) Jul 18 ( 9 ) Jul 17 ( 13 ) Jul 16 ( 13 ) Jul 15 ( 12 ) Jul 14 ( 16 ) Jul 13 ( 15 ) Jul 12 ( 13 ) Jul 11 ( 11 ) Jul 10 ( 13 ) Jul 09 ( 12 ) Jul 08 ( 17 ) Jul 07 ( 16 ) Jul 06 ( 14 ) Jul 05 ( 11 ) Jul 04 ( 11 ) Jul 03 ( 12 ) Jul 02 ( 12 ) Jul 01 ( 11 ) Jun 30 ( 13 ) Jun 29 ( 14 ) Jun 28 ( 12 ) Jun 27 ( 12 ) Jun 26 ( 13 ) Jun 25 ( 12 ) Jun 24 ( 14 ) Jun 23 ( 12 ) Jun 22 ( 15 ) Jun 21 ( 13 ) Jun 20 ( 11 ) Jun 19 ( 13 ) Jun 18 ( 12 ) Jun 17 ( 13 ) Jun 16 ( 10 ) Jun 15 ( 12 ) Jun 14 ( 10 ) Jun 13 ( 12 ) Jun 12 ( 12 ) Jun 11 ( 14 ) Jun 10 ( 14 ) Jun 09 ( 13 ) Jun 08 ( 11 ) Jun 07 ( 10 ) Jun 06 ( 11 ) Jun 05 ( 13 ) Jun 04 ( 16 ) Jun 03 ( 14 ) Jun 02 ( 14 ) Jun 01 ( 12 ) May 31 ( 12 ) May 30 ( 14 ) May 29 ( 15 ) May 28 ( 15 ) May 27 ( 14 ) May 26 ( 14 ) May 25 ( 14 ) May 24 ( 13 ) May 23 ( 13 ) May 22 ( 12 ) May 21 ( 12 ) May 20 ( 16 ) May 19 ( 17 ) May 18 ( 14 ) May 17 ( 14 ) May 16 ( 17 ) May 15 ( 14 ) May 14 ( 18 ) May 13 ( 1 ) May 12 ( 14 ) May 11 ( 14 ) May 10 ( 14 ) May 09 ( 12 ) May 08 ( 12 ) May 07 ( 11 ) May 06 ( 14 ) May 05 ( 16 ) May 04 ( 13 ) May 03 ( 12 ) May 02 ( 14 ) May 01 ( 14 ) Apr 30 ( 8 ) Apr 29 ( 12 ) Apr 28 ( 15 ) Apr 27 ( 14 ) Apr 26 ( 13 ) Apr 25 ( 14 ) Apr 24 ( 16 ) Apr 23 ( 18 ) Apr 22 ( 16 ) Apr 21 ( 18 ) Apr 20 ( 18 ) Apr 19 ( 16 ) Apr 18 ( 14 ) Apr 17 ( 13 ) Apr 16 ( 13 ) Apr 15 ( 15 ) Apr 14 ( 17 ) Apr 13 ( 13 ) Apr 12 ( 13 ) Apr 11 ( 12 ) Apr 10 ( 14 ) Apr 09 ( 13 ) Apr 08 ( 20 ) Apr 07 ( 14 ) Apr 06 ( 15 ) Apr 05 ( 16 ) Apr 04 ( 17 ) Apr 03 ( 17 ) Apr 02 ( 14 ) Apr 01 ( 23 ) Mar 31 ( 16 ) Mar 30 ( 17 ) Mar 29 ( 13 ) Mar 28 ( 14 ) Mar 27 ( 13 ) Mar 26 ( 15 ) Mar 25 ( 19 ) Mar 24 ( 18 ) Mar 23 ( 17 ) Mar 22 ( 13 ) Mar 21 ( 11 ) Mar 20 ( 12 ) Mar 19 ( 15 ) Mar 18 ( 19 ) Mar 17 ( 15 ) Mar 16 ( 16 ) Mar 15 ( 12 ) Mar 14 ( 9 ) Mar 13 ( 12 ) Mar 12 ( 13 ) Mar 11 ( 14 ) Mar 10 ( 16 ) Mar 09 ( 12 ) Mar 08 ( 12 ) Mar 07 ( 12 ) Mar 06 ( 13 ) Mar 05 ( 13 ) Mar 04 ( 17 ) Mar 03 ( 12 ) Mar 02 ( 14 ) Mar 01 ( 13 ) Feb 28 ( 13 ) Feb 27 ( 10 ) Feb 26 ( 12 ) Feb 25 ( 18 ) Feb 24 ( 14 ) Feb 23 ( 13 ) Feb 22 ( 11 ) Feb 21 ( 11 ) Feb 20 ( 12 ) Feb 19 ( 14 ) Feb 18 ( 12 ) Feb 17 ( 12 ) Feb 16 ( 10 ) Feb 15 ( 11 ) Feb 14 ( 13 ) Feb 13 ( 14 ) Feb 12 ( 14 ) Feb 11 ( 13 ) Feb 10 ( 12 ) Feb 09 ( 12 ) Feb 08 ( 13 ) Feb 07 ( 10 ) Feb 06 ( 18 ) Feb 05 ( 12 ) Feb 04 ( 16 ) Feb 03 ( 13 ) Feb 02 ( 13 ) Feb 01 ( 16 ) Jan 31 ( 14 ) Jan 30 ( 13 ) Jan 29 ( 17 ) Jan 28 ( 17 ) Jan 27 ( 14 ) Jan 26 ( 14 ) Jan 25 ( 12 ) Jan 24 ( 12 ) Jan 23 ( 12 ) Jan 22 ( 15 ) Jan 21 ( 13 ) Jan 20 ( 13 ) Jan 19 ( 12 ) Jan 18 ( 16 ) Jan 17 ( 14 ) Jan 16 ( 14 ) Jan 15 ( 12 ) Jan 14 ( 16 ) Jan 13 ( 14 ) Jan 12 ( 17 ) Jan 11 ( 12 ) Jan 10 ( 10 ) Jan 09 ( 13 ) Jan 08 ( 13 ) Jan 07 ( 16 ) Jan 06 ( 14 ) Jan 05 ( 14 ) Jan 04 ( 11 ) Jan 03 ( 14 ) Jan 02 ( 13 ) Jan 01 ( 11 ) Dec 31 ( 13 ) Dec 30 ( 14 ) Dec 29 ( 13 ) Dec 28 ( 11 ) Dec 27 ( 12 ) Dec 26 ( 9 ) Dec 25 ( 7 ) Dec 24 ( 14 ) Dec 23 ( 15 ) Dec 22 ( 15 ) Dec 21 ( 13 ) Dec 20 ( 12 ) Dec 19 ( 15 ) Dec 18 ( 14 ) Dec 17 ( 16 ) Dec 16 ( 13 ) Dec 15 ( 13 ) Dec 14 ( 15 ) Dec 13 ( 1 ) Dec 12 ( 13 ) Dec 11 ( 15 ) Dec 10 ( 15 ) Dec 09 ( 17 ) Dec 08 ( 16 ) Dec 07 ( 14 ) Dec 06 ( 16 ) Dec 05 ( 1 ) Dec 04 ( 18 ) Dec 03 ( 15 ) Dec 02 ( 15 ) Dec 01 ( 17 ) Nov 30 ( 14 ) Nov 29 ( 12 ) Nov 28 ( 13 ) Nov 27 ( 16 ) Nov 26 ( 12 ) Nov 25 ( 16 ) Nov 24 ( 15 ) Nov 23 ( 13 ) Nov 22 ( 17 ) Nov 21 ( 13 ) Nov 20 ( 19 ) Nov 19 ( 18 ) Nov 18 ( 15 ) Nov 17 ( 15 ) Nov 16 ( 16 ) Nov 15 ( 16 ) Nov 14 ( 16 ) Nov 13 ( 16 ) Nov 12 ( 16 ) Nov 11 ( 16 ) Nov 10 ( 17 ) Nov 09 ( 16 ) Nov 08 ( 15 ) Nov 07 ( 13 ) Nov 06 ( 16 ) Nov 05 ( 17 ) Nov 04 ( 20 ) Nov 03 ( 15 ) Nov 02 ( 16 ) Nov 01 ( 1 ) Oct 31 ( 12 ) Oct 30 ( 15 ) Oct 29 ( 16 ) Oct 28 ( 14 ) Oct 27 ( 15 ) Oct 26 ( 17 ) Oct 25 ( 14 ) Oct 24 ( 13 ) Oct 23 ( 14 ) Oct 22 ( 21 ) Oct 21 ( 20 ) Oct 20 ( 18 ) Oct 19 ( 15 ) Oct 18 ( 16 ) Oct 17 ( 15 ) Oct 16 ( 18 ) Oct 15 ( 16 ) Oct 14 ( 18 ) Oct 13 ( 16 ) Oct 12 ( 18 ) Oct 11 ( 15 ) Oct 10 ( 13 ) Oct 09 ( 15 ) Oct 08 ( 20 ) Oct 07 ( 17 ) Oct 06 ( 16 ) Oct 05 ( 18 ) Oct 04 ( 12 ) Oct 03 ( 15 ) Oct 02 ( 20 ) Oct 01 ( 15 ) Sep 30 ( 19 ) Sep 29 ( 16 ) Sep 28 ( 18 ) Sep 27 ( 15 ) Sep 26 ( 15 ) Sep 25 ( 17 ) Sep 24 ( 15 ) Sep 23 ( 17 ) Sep 22 ( 18 ) Sep 21 ( 16 ) Sep 20 ( 12 ) Sep 19 ( 17 ) Sep 18 ( 19 ) Sep 17 ( 22 ) Sep 16 ( 17 ) Sep 15 ( 15 ) Sep 14 ( 15 ) Sep 13 ( 17 ) Sep 12 ( 17 ) Sep 11 ( 18 ) Sep 10 ( 17 ) Sep 09 ( 17 ) Sep 08 ( 17 ) Sep 07 ( 15 ) Sep 06 ( 12 ) Sep 05 ( 13 ) Sep 04 ( 16 ) Sep 03 ( 17 ) Sep 02 ( 15 ) Sep 01 ( 16 ) Aug 31 ( 18 ) Aug 30 ( 16 ) Aug 29 ( 19 ) Aug 28 ( 20 ) Aug 27 ( 20 ) Aug 26 ( 17 ) Aug 25 ( 20 ) Aug 24 ( 18 ) Aug 23 ( 16 ) Aug 22 ( 16 ) Aug 21 ( 21 ) Aug 20 ( 16 ) Aug 19 ( 15 ) Aug 18 ( 19 ) Aug 17 ( 19 ) Aug 16 ( 13 ) Aug 15 ( 14 ) Aug 14 ( 17 ) Aug 13 ( 16 ) Aug 12 ( 18 ) Aug 11 ( 20 ) Aug 10 ( 16 ) Aug 09 ( 13 ) Aug 08 ( 16 ) Aug 07 ( 19 ) Aug 06 ( 23 ) Aug 05 ( 19 ) Aug 04 ( 18 ) Aug 03 ( 18 ) Aug 02 ( 8 ) Aug 01 ( 13 ) Jul 31 ( 16 ) Jul 30 ( 17 ) Jul 29 ( 21 ) Jul 28 ( 19 ) Jul 27 ( 13 ) Jul 26 ( 15 ) Jul 25 ( 18 ) Jul 24 ( 20 ) Jul 23 ( 19 ) Jul 22 ( 18 ) Jul 21 ( 18 ) Jul 20 ( 19 ) Jul 19 ( 12 ) Jul 18 ( 15 ) Jul 17 ( 17 ) Jul 16 ( 18 ) Jul 15 ( 15 ) Jul 14 ( 16 ) Jul 13 ( 17 ) Jul 12 ( 15 ) Jul 11 ( 15 ) Jul 10 ( 17 ) Jul 09 ( 18 ) Jul 08 ( 14 ) Jul 07 ( 16 ) Jul 06 ( 13 ) Jul 05 ( 10 ) Jul 04 ( 15 ) Jul 03 ( 15 ) Jul 02 ( 18 ) Jul 01 ( 16 ) Jun 30 ( 13 ) Jun 29 ( 16 ) Jun 28 ( 13 ) Jun 27 ( 14 ) Jun 26 ( 13 ) Jun 25 ( 18 ) Jun 24 ( 16 ) Jun 23 ( 17 ) Jun 22 ( 13 ) Jun 21 ( 14 ) Jun 20 ( 15 ) Jun 19 ( 15 ) Jun 18 ( 16 ) Jun 17 ( 17 ) Jun 16 ( 15 ) Jun 15 ( 16 ) Jun 14 ( 14 ) Jun 13 ( 12 ) Jun 12 ( 15 ) Jun 11 ( 17 ) Jun 10 ( 14 ) Jun 09 ( 19 ) Jun 08 ( 16 ) Jun 07 ( 15 ) Jun 06 ( 14 ) Jun 05 ( 17 ) Jun 04 ( 22 ) Jun 03 ( 18 ) Jun 02 ( 15 ) Jun 01 ( 18 ) May 31 ( 17 ) May 30 ( 22 ) May 29 ( 18 ) May 28 ( 20 ) May 27 ( 18 ) May 26 ( 21 ) May 25 ( 18 ) May 24 ( 16 ) May 23 ( 16 ) May 22 ( 18 ) May 21 ( 17 ) May 20 ( 21 ) May 19 ( 20 ) May 18 ( 16 ) May 17 ( 13 ) May 16 ( 19 ) May 15 ( 16 ) May 14 ( 18 ) May 13 ( 24 ) May 12 ( 22 ) May 11 ( 14 ) May 10 ( 1 ) May 09 ( 14 ) May 08 ( 16 ) May 07 ( 18 ) May 06 ( 19 ) May 05 ( 18 ) May 04 ( 13 ) May 03 ( 12 ) May 02 ( 17 ) May 01 ( 17 ) Apr 30 ( 14 ) Apr 29 ( 16 ) Apr 28 ( 15 ) Apr 27 ( 16 ) Apr 26 ( 15 ) Apr 25 ( 18 ) Apr 24 ( 16 ) Apr 23 ( 16 ) Apr 22 ( 18 ) Apr 21 ( 16 ) Apr 20 ( 15 ) Apr 19 ( 15 ) Apr 18 ( 18 ) Apr 17 ( 17 ) Apr 16 ( 20 ) Apr 15 ( 20 ) Apr 14 ( 17 )
Apr 13 ( 16 ) Apr 12 ( 15 ) Apr 11 ( 13 ) Apr 10 ( 16 ) Apr 09 ( 18 ) Apr 08 ( 19 ) Apr 07 ( 20 ) Apr 06 ( 16 ) Apr 05 ( 18 ) Apr 04 ( 18 ) Apr 03 ( 18 ) Apr 02 ( 21 ) Apr 01 ( 23 ) Mar 31 ( 21 ) Mar 30 ( 20 ) Mar 29 ( 17 ) Mar 28 ( 17 ) Mar 27 ( 19 ) Mar 26 ( 20 ) Mar 25 ( 21 ) Mar 24 ( 16 ) Mar 23 ( 19 ) Mar 22 ( 14 ) Mar 21 ( 16 ) Mar 20 ( 17 ) Mar 19 ( 25 ) Mar 18 ( 14 ) Mar 17 ( 21 ) Mar 16 ( 21 ) Mar 15 ( 13 ) Mar 14 ( 17 ) Mar 13 ( 17 ) Mar 12 ( 17 ) Mar 11 ( 20 ) Mar 10 ( 20 ) Mar 09 ( 20 ) Mar 08 ( 16 ) Mar 07 ( 20 ) Mar 06 ( 20 ) Mar 05 ( 18 ) Mar 04 ( 21 ) Mar 03 ( 19 ) Mar 02 ( 15 ) Mar 01 ( 16 ) Feb 28 ( 15 ) Feb 27 ( 19 ) Feb 26 ( 16 ) Feb 25 ( 20 ) Feb 24 ( 21 ) Feb 23 ( 15 ) Feb 22 ( 14 ) Feb 21 ( 16 ) Feb 20 ( 21 ) Feb 19 ( 22 ) Feb 18 ( 17 ) Feb 17 ( 18 ) Feb 16 ( 18 ) Feb 15 ( 13 ) Feb 14 ( 11 ) Feb 13 ( 17 ) Feb 12 ( 17 ) Feb 11 ( 19 ) Feb 10 ( 18 ) Feb 09 ( 17 ) Feb 08 ( 15 ) Feb 07 ( 17 ) Feb 06 ( 21 ) Feb 05 ( 19 ) Feb 04 ( 21 ) Feb 03 ( 19 ) Feb 02 ( 15 ) Feb 01 ( 16 ) Jan 31 ( 17 ) Jan 30 ( 16 ) Jan 29 ( 16 ) Jan 28 ( 20 ) Jan 27 ( 18 ) Jan 26 ( 16 ) Jan 25 ( 17 ) Jan 24 ( 19 ) Jan 23 ( 18 ) Jan 22 ( 16 ) Jan 21 ( 18 ) Jan 20 ( 17 ) Jan 19 ( 14 ) Jan 18 ( 13 ) Jan 17 ( 15 ) Jan 16 ( 17 ) Jan 15 ( 17 ) Jan 14 ( 19 ) Jan 13 ( 16 ) Jan 12 ( 13 ) Jan 11 ( 15 ) Jan 10 ( 14 ) Jan 09 ( 19 ) Jan 08 ( 15 ) Jan 07 ( 18 ) Jan 06 ( 12 ) Jan 05 ( 16 ) Jan 04 ( 13 ) Jan 03 ( 12 ) Jan 02 ( 13 ) Jan 01 ( 1 ) Dec 31 ( 11 ) Dec 30 ( 13 ) Dec 29 ( 11 ) Dec 28 ( 12 ) Dec 27 ( 10 ) Dec 26 ( 11 ) Dec 25 ( 1 ) Dec 24 ( 11 ) Dec 23 ( 16 ) Dec 22 ( 14 ) Dec 21 ( 15 ) Dec 20 ( 13 ) Dec 19 ( 13 ) Dec 18 ( 18 ) Dec 17 ( 16 ) Dec 16 ( 17 ) Dec 15 ( 19 ) Dec 14 ( 1 ) Dec 12 ( 1 ) Dec 11 ( 18 ) Dec 10 ( 1 ) Dec 09 ( 19 ) Dec 08 ( 14 ) Dec 07 ( 13 ) Dec 06 ( 16 ) Dec 05 ( 14 ) Dec 04 ( 18 ) Dec 03 ( 18 ) Dec 02 ( 15 ) Dec 01 ( 15 ) Nov 30 ( 14 ) Nov 29 ( 14 ) Nov 28 ( 16 ) Nov 27 ( 17 ) Nov 26 ( 19 ) Nov 25 ( 18 ) Nov 24 ( 15 ) Nov 23 ( 18 ) Nov 22 ( 16 ) Nov 21 ( 19 ) Nov 20 ( 1 ) Nov 19 ( 14 ) Nov 18 ( 19 ) Nov 17 ( 17 ) Nov 16 ( 15 ) Nov 15 ( 13 ) Nov 14 ( 19 ) Nov 13 ( 17 ) Nov 12 ( 19 ) Nov 11 ( 18 ) Nov 10 ( 16 ) Nov 09 ( 13 ) Nov 08 ( 15 ) Nov 07 ( 19 ) Nov 06 ( 15 ) Nov 05 ( 17 ) Nov 04 ( 18 ) Nov 03 ( 19 ) Nov 02 ( 16 ) Nov 01 ( 14 ) Oct 31 ( 18 ) Oct 30 ( 17 ) Oct 29 ( 21 ) Oct 28 ( 20 ) Oct 27 ( 17 ) Oct 26 ( 15 ) Oct 25 ( 15 ) Oct 24 ( 15 ) Oct 23 ( 15 ) Oct 22 ( 18 ) Oct 21 ( 16 ) Oct 20 ( 13 ) Oct 19 ( 18 ) Oct 18 ( 17 ) Oct 17 ( 17 ) Oct 16 ( 15 ) Oct 15 ( 16 ) Oct 14 ( 18 ) Oct 13 ( 16 ) Oct 12 ( 15 ) Oct 11 ( 12 ) Oct 10 ( 15 ) Oct 09 ( 18 ) Oct 08 ( 16 ) Oct 07 ( 20 ) Oct 06 ( 15 ) Oct 05 ( 15 ) Oct 04 ( 17 ) Oct 03 ( 17 ) Oct 02 ( 21 ) Oct 01 ( 16 ) Sep 30 ( 18 ) Sep 29 ( 15 ) Sep 28 ( 12 ) Sep 27 ( 20 ) Sep 26 ( 13 ) Sep 25 ( 18 ) Sep 24 ( 18 ) Sep 23 ( 17 ) Sep 22 ( 15 ) Sep 21 ( 16 ) Sep 20 ( 17 ) Sep 19 ( 11 ) Sep 18 ( 14 ) Sep 17 ( 14 ) Sep 16 ( 18 ) Sep 15 ( 14 ) Sep 14 ( 14 ) Sep 13 ( 17 ) Sep 12 ( 13 ) Sep 11 ( 18 ) Sep 10 ( 16 ) Sep 09 ( 17 ) Sep 08 ( 16 ) Sep 07 ( 16 ) Sep 06 ( 16 ) Sep 05 ( 16 ) Sep 04 ( 16 ) Sep 03 ( 19 ) Sep 02 ( 22 ) Sep 01 ( 15 ) Aug 31 ( 11 ) Aug 30 ( 16 ) Aug 29 ( 15 ) Aug 28 ( 18 ) Aug 27 ( 18 ) Aug 26 ( 16 ) Aug 25 ( 15 ) Aug 24 ( 11 ) Aug 23 ( 16 ) Aug 22 ( 19 ) Aug 21 ( 16 ) Aug 20 ( 14 ) Aug 19 ( 15 ) Aug 18 ( 16 ) Aug 17 ( 13 ) Aug 16 ( 17 ) Aug 15 ( 14 ) Aug 14 ( 18 ) Aug 13 ( 16 ) Aug 12 ( 16 ) Aug 11 ( 19 ) Aug 10 ( 15 ) Aug 09 ( 12 ) Aug 08 ( 24 ) Aug 07 ( 16 ) Aug 06 ( 18 ) Aug 05 ( 17 ) Aug 04 ( 17 ) Aug 03 ( 16 ) Aug 02 ( 18 ) Aug 01 ( 15 ) Jul 31 ( 18 ) Jul 30 ( 18 ) Jul 29 ( 19 ) Jul 28 ( 15 ) Jul 27 ( 18 ) Jul 26 ( 19 ) Jul 25 ( 17 ) Jul 24 ( 15 ) Jul 23 ( 18 ) Jul 22 ( 22 ) Jul 21 ( 15 ) Jul 20 ( 15 ) Jul 19 ( 18 ) Jul 18 ( 15 ) Jul 17 ( 21 ) Jul 16 ( 23 ) Jul 15 ( 16 ) Jul 14 ( 17 ) Jul 13 ( 13 ) Jul 12 ( 17 ) Jul 11 ( 16 ) Jul 10 ( 21 ) Jul 09 ( 23 ) Jul 08 ( 18 ) Jul 07 ( 18 ) Jul 06 ( 15 ) Jul 05 ( 14 ) Jul 04 ( 16 ) Jul 03 ( 18 ) Jul 02 ( 15 ) Jul 01 ( 19 ) Jun 30 ( 18 ) Jun 29 ( 13 ) Jun 28 ( 12 ) Jun 27 ( 19 ) Jun 26 ( 27 ) Jun 25 ( 26 ) Jun 24 ( 16 ) Jun 23 ( 23 ) Jun 22 ( 14 ) Jun 21 ( 16 ) Jun 20 ( 21 ) Jun 19 ( 21 ) Jun 18 ( 20 ) Jun 17 ( 16 ) Jun 16 ( 22 ) Jun 15 ( 16 ) Jun 14 ( 13 ) Jun 13 ( 17 ) Jun 12 ( 18 ) Jun 11 ( 24 ) Jun 10 ( 22 ) Jun 09 ( 16 ) Jun 08 ( 12 ) Jun 07 ( 16 ) Jun 06 ( 14 ) Jun 05 ( 19 ) Jun 04 ( 14 ) Jun 03 ( 15 ) Jun 02 ( 14 ) Jun 01 ( 17 ) May 31 ( 16 ) May 30 ( 18 ) May 29 ( 18 ) May 28 ( 16 ) May 27 ( 17 ) May 26 ( 12 ) May 25 ( 15 ) May 24 ( 15 ) May 23 ( 19 ) May 22 ( 18 ) May 21 ( 20 ) May 20 ( 16 ) May 19 ( 17 ) May 18 ( 15 ) May 17 ( 14 ) May 16 ( 16 ) May 15 ( 15 ) May 14 ( 19 ) May 13 ( 18 ) May 12 ( 19 ) May 11 ( 14 ) May 10 ( 14 ) May 09 ( 15 ) May 08 ( 20 ) May 07 ( 19 ) May 06 ( 16 ) May 05 ( 15 ) May 04 ( 18 ) May 03 ( 17 ) May 02 ( 15 ) May 01 ( 17 ) Apr 30 ( 14 ) Apr 29 ( 14 ) Apr 28 ( 16 ) Apr 27 ( 13 ) Apr 26 ( 16 ) Apr 25 ( 18 ) Apr 24 ( 15 ) Apr 23 ( 16 ) Apr 22 ( 12 ) Apr 21 ( 15 ) Apr 20 ( 15 ) Apr 19 ( 13 ) Apr 18 ( 13 ) Apr 17 ( 14 ) Apr 16 ( 18 ) Apr 15 ( 13 ) Apr 14 ( 17 ) Apr 13 ( 13 ) Apr 12 ( 12 ) Apr 11 ( 18 ) Apr 10 ( 16 ) Apr 09 ( 17 ) Apr 08 ( 20 ) Apr 07 ( 16 ) Apr 06 ( 15 ) Apr 05 ( 14 ) Apr 04 ( 19 ) Apr 03 ( 19 ) Apr 02 ( 19 ) Apr 01 ( 20 ) Mar 31 ( 14 ) Mar 30 ( 13 ) Mar 29 ( 14 ) Mar 28 ( 14 ) Mar 27 ( 18 ) Mar 26 ( 12 ) Mar 25 ( 14 ) Mar 24 ( 12 ) Mar 23 ( 15 ) Mar 22 ( 13 ) Mar 21 ( 15 ) Mar 20 ( 16 ) Mar 19 ( 14 ) Mar 18 ( 18 ) Mar 17 ( 14 ) Mar 16 ( 12 ) Mar 15 ( 12 ) Mar 14 ( 12 ) Mar 13 ( 18 ) Mar 12 ( 16 ) Mar 11 ( 16 ) Mar 10 ( 15 ) Mar 09 ( 13 ) Mar 08 ( 13 ) Mar 07 ( 12 ) Mar 06 ( 16 ) Mar 05 ( 15 ) Mar 04 ( 13 ) Mar 03 ( 11 ) Mar 02 ( 13 ) Mar 01 ( 15 ) Feb 28 ( 18 ) Feb 27 ( 15 ) Feb 26 ( 17 ) Feb 25 ( 15 ) Feb 24 ( 16 ) Feb 23 ( 11 ) Feb 22 ( 17 ) Feb 21 ( 14 ) Feb 20 ( 17 ) Feb 19 ( 16 ) Feb 18 ( 16 ) Feb 17 ( 14 ) Feb 16 ( 10 ) Feb 15 ( 12 ) Feb 14 ( 13 ) Feb 13 ( 16 ) Feb 12 ( 18 ) Feb 11 ( 16 ) Feb 10 ( 11 ) Feb 09 ( 14 ) Feb 08 ( 15 ) Feb 07 ( 15 ) Feb 06 ( 21 ) Feb 05 ( 16 ) Feb 04 ( 18 ) Feb 03 ( 15 ) Feb 02 ( 14 ) Feb 01 ( 15 ) Jan 31 ( 15 ) Jan 30 ( 21 ) Jan 29 ( 16 ) Jan 28 ( 17 ) Jan 27 ( 13 ) Jan 26 ( 12 ) Jan 25 ( 14 ) Jan 24 ( 15 ) Jan 23 ( 19 ) Jan 22 ( 20 ) Jan 21 ( 17 ) Jan 20 ( 16 ) Jan 19 ( 14 ) Jan 18 ( 13 ) Jan 17 ( 15 ) Jan 16 ( 16 ) Jan 15 ( 17 ) Jan 14 ( 16 ) Jan 13 ( 19 ) Jan 12 ( 14 ) Jan 11 ( 12 ) Jan 10 ( 14 ) Jan 09 ( 14 ) Jan 08 ( 15 ) Jan 07 ( 18 ) Jan 06 ( 13 ) Jan 05 ( 11 ) Jan 04 ( 11 ) Jan 03 ( 13 ) Jan 02 ( 13 ) Jan 01 ( 13 ) Dec 31 ( 13 ) Dec 30 ( 16 ) Dec 29 ( 12 ) Dec 28 ( 13 ) Dec 27 ( 11 ) Dec 26 ( 12 ) Dec 25 ( 1 ) Dec 24 ( 13 ) Dec 23 ( 18 ) Dec 22 ( 13 ) Dec 21 ( 15 ) Dec 20 ( 14 ) Dec 19 ( 20 ) Dec 18 ( 17 ) Dec 17 ( 16 ) Dec 16 ( 14 ) Dec 15 ( 9 ) Dec 14 ( 12 ) Dec 13 ( 14 ) Dec 12 ( 16 ) Dec 11 ( 14 ) Dec 10 ( 11 ) Dec 09 ( 12 ) Dec 08 ( 11 ) Dec 07 ( 14 ) Dec 06 ( 12 ) Dec 05 ( 13 ) Dec 04 ( 10 ) Dec 03 ( 15 ) Dec 02 ( 13 ) Dec 01 ( 10 ) Nov 30 ( 12 ) Nov 29 ( 13 ) Nov 28 ( 14 ) Nov 27 ( 10 ) Nov 26 ( 15 ) Nov 25 ( 18 ) Nov 24 ( 12 ) Nov 23 ( 12 ) Nov 22 ( 13 ) Nov 21 ( 15 ) Nov 20 ( 12 ) Nov 19 ( 14 ) Nov 18 ( 12 ) Nov 17 ( 12 ) Nov 16 ( 9 ) Nov 15 ( 11 ) Nov 14 ( 12 ) Nov 13 ( 12 ) Nov 12 ( 15 ) Nov 11 ( 13 ) Nov 10 ( 10 ) Nov 09 ( 16 ) Nov 08 ( 13 ) Nov 07 ( 19 ) Nov 06 ( 15 ) Nov 05 ( 16 ) Nov 04 ( 14 ) Nov 03 ( 14 ) Nov 02 ( 13 ) Nov 01 ( 18 ) Oct 31 ( 23 ) Oct 30 ( 19 ) Oct 29 ( 20 ) Oct 28 ( 16 ) Oct 27 ( 11 ) Oct 26 ( 10 ) Oct 25 ( 18 ) Oct 24 ( 16 ) Oct 23 ( 18 ) Oct 22 ( 14 ) Oct 21 ( 14 ) Oct 20 ( 7 ) Oct 19 ( 12 ) Oct 18 ( 15 ) Oct 17 ( 15 ) Oct 16 ( 17 ) Oct 15 ( 13 ) Oct 14 ( 16 ) Oct 13 ( 12 ) Oct 12 ( 14 ) Oct 11 ( 16 ) Oct 10 ( 13 ) Oct 09 ( 16 ) Oct 08 ( 14 ) Oct 07 ( 13 ) Oct 06 ( 11 ) Oct 05 ( 12 ) Oct 04 ( 14 ) Oct 03 ( 17 ) Oct 02 ( 17 ) Oct 01 ( 14 ) Sep 30 ( 15 ) Sep 29 ( 12 ) Sep 28 ( 11 ) Sep 27 ( 16 ) Sep 26 ( 18 ) Sep 25 ( 15 ) Sep 24 ( 14 ) Sep 23 ( 14 ) Sep 22 ( 9 ) Sep 21 ( 13 ) Sep 20 ( 15 ) Sep 19 ( 14 ) Sep 18 ( 15 ) Sep 17 ( 13 ) Sep 16 ( 14 ) Sep 15 ( 11 ) Sep 14 ( 13 ) Sep 13 ( 16 ) Sep 12 ( 13 ) Sep 11 ( 15 ) Sep 10 ( 16 ) Sep 09 ( 10 ) Sep 08 ( 12 ) Sep 07 ( 12 ) Sep 06 ( 17 ) Sep 05 ( 19 ) Sep 04 ( 13 ) Sep 03 ( 17 ) Sep 02 ( 13 ) Sep 01 ( 15 ) Aug 31 ( 12 ) Aug 30 ( 12 ) Aug 29 ( 15 ) Aug 28 ( 19 ) Aug 27 ( 14 ) Aug 26 ( 13 ) Aug 25 ( 12 ) Aug 24 ( 14 ) Aug 23 ( 15 ) Aug 22 ( 15 ) Aug 21 ( 14 ) Aug 20 ( 12 ) Aug 19 ( 12 ) Aug 18 ( 12 ) Aug 17 ( 15 ) Aug 16 ( 13 ) Aug 15 ( 17 ) Aug 14 ( 16 ) Aug 13 ( 17 ) Aug 12 ( 16 ) Aug 11 ( 13 ) Aug 10 ( 14 ) Aug 09 ( 15 ) Aug 08 ( 17 ) Aug 07 ( 15 ) Aug 06 ( 16 ) Aug 05 ( 15 ) Aug 04 ( 15 ) Aug 03 ( 10 ) Aug 02 ( 16 ) Aug 01 ( 20 ) Jul 31 ( 16 ) Jul 30 ( 14 ) Jul 29 ( 11 ) Jul 28 ( 11 ) Jul 27 ( 12 ) Jul 26 ( 11 ) Jul 25 ( 12 ) Jul 24 ( 15 ) Jul 23 ( 13 ) Jul 22 ( 14 ) Jul 21 ( 11 ) Jul 20 ( 10 ) Jul 19 ( 14 ) Jul 18 ( 14 ) Jul 17 ( 11 ) Jul 16 ( 14 ) Jul 15 ( 14 ) Jul 14 ( 12 ) Jul 13 ( 13 ) Jul 12 ( 16 ) Jul 11 ( 15 ) Jul 10 ( 12 ) Jul 09 ( 13 ) Jul 08 ( 12 ) Jul 07 ( 12 ) Jul 06 ( 12 ) Jul 05 ( 13 ) Jul 04 ( 15 ) Jul 03 ( 14 ) Jul 02 ( 15 ) Jul 01 ( 14 ) Jun 30 ( 13 ) Jun 29 ( 10 ) Jun 28 ( 15 ) Jun 27 ( 13 ) Jun 26 ( 18 ) Jun 25 ( 15 ) Jun 24 ( 16 ) Jun 23 ( 12 ) Jun 22 ( 11 ) Jun 21 ( 12 ) Jun 20 ( 18 ) Jun 19 ( 14 ) Jun 18 ( 16 ) Jun 17 ( 12 ) Jun 16 ( 12 ) Jun 15 ( 9 ) Jun 14 ( 14 ) Jun 13 ( 17 ) Jun 12 ( 14 ) Jun 11 ( 15 ) Jun 10 ( 17 ) Jun 09 ( 14 ) Jun 08 ( 13 ) Jun 07 ( 16 ) Jun 06 ( 14 ) Jun 05 ( 18 ) Jun 04 ( 14 ) Jun 03 ( 14 ) Jun 02 ( 16 ) Jun 01 ( 12 ) May 31 ( 14 ) May 30 ( 12 ) May 29 ( 18 ) May 28 ( 12 ) May 27 ( 9 ) May 26 ( 11 ) May 25 ( 12 ) May 24 ( 15 ) May 23 ( 16 ) May 22 ( 15 ) May 21 ( 15 ) May 20 ( 14 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 13 ) May 17 ( 14 ) May 16 ( 14 ) May 15 ( 12 ) May 14 ( 15 ) May 13 ( 18 ) May 12 ( 13 ) May 11 ( 14 ) May 10 ( 14 ) May 09 ( 19 ) May 08 ( 16 ) May 07 ( 17 ) May 06 ( 18 ) May 05 ( 15 ) May 04 ( 16 ) May 03 ( 13 ) May 02 ( 16 ) May 01 ( 16 ) Apr 30 ( 14 ) Apr 29 ( 11 ) Apr 28 ( 12 ) Apr 27 ( 12 ) Apr 26 ( 15 ) Apr 25 ( 18 ) Apr 24 ( 15 ) Apr 23 ( 16 ) Apr 22 ( 17 ) Apr 21 ( 12 ) Apr 20 ( 13 ) Apr 19 ( 13 ) Apr 18 ( 19 ) Apr 17 ( 19 ) Apr 16 ( 18 ) Apr 15 ( 18 ) Apr 14 ( 14 ) Apr 13 ( 15 ) Apr 12 ( 12 ) Apr 11 ( 14 ) Apr 10 ( 17 ) Apr 09 ( 16 ) Apr 08 ( 16 ) Apr 07 ( 17 ) Apr 06 ( 12 ) Apr 05 ( 15 ) Apr 04 ( 17 ) Apr 03 ( 19 ) Apr 02 ( 12 ) Apr 01 ( 16 ) Mar 31 ( 16 ) Mar 30 ( 9 ) Mar 29 ( 13 ) Mar 28 ( 13 ) Mar 27 ( 13 ) Mar 26 ( 15 ) Mar 25 ( 11 ) Mar 24 ( 12 ) Mar 23 ( 13 ) Mar 22 ( 13 ) Mar 21 ( 13 ) Mar 20 ( 16 ) Mar 19 ( 19 ) Mar 18 ( 11 ) Mar 17 ( 8 ) Mar 16 ( 12 ) Mar 15 ( 12 ) Mar 14 ( 17 ) Mar 13 ( 14 ) Mar 12 ( 19 ) Mar 11 ( 11 ) Mar 10 ( 10 ) Mar 09 ( 16 ) Mar 08 ( 15 ) Mar 07 ( 17 ) Mar 06 ( 14 ) Mar 05 ( 14 ) Mar 04 ( 14 ) Mar 03 ( 14 ) Mar 02 ( 11 ) Mar 01 ( 14 ) Feb 29 ( 17 ) Feb 28 ( 17 ) Feb 27 ( 12 ) Feb 26 ( 15 ) Feb 25 ( 10 ) Feb 24 ( 14 ) Feb 23 ( 14 ) Feb 22 ( 14 ) Feb 21 ( 11 ) Feb 20 ( 10 ) Feb 19 ( 11 ) Feb 18 ( 10 ) Feb 17 ( 13 ) Feb 16 ( 14 ) Feb 15 ( 13 ) Feb 14 ( 13 ) Feb 13 ( 15 ) Feb 12 ( 12 ) Feb 11 ( 12 ) Feb 10 ( 16 ) Feb 09 ( 11 ) Feb 08 ( 16 ) Feb 07 ( 14 ) Feb 06 ( 14 ) Feb 05 ( 13 ) Feb 04 ( 12 ) Feb 03 ( 11 ) Feb 02 ( 15 ) Feb 01 ( 16 ) Jan 31 ( 15 ) Jan 30 ( 16 ) Jan 29 ( 15 ) Jan 28 ( 11 ) Jan 27 ( 16 ) Jan 26 ( 13 ) Jan 25 ( 20 ) Jan 24 ( 17 ) Jan 23 ( 15 ) Jan 22 ( 16 ) Jan 21 ( 12 ) Jan 20 ( 15 ) Jan 19 ( 13 ) Jan 18 ( 15 ) Jan 17 ( 15 ) Jan 16 ( 15 ) Jan 15 ( 14 ) Jan 14 ( 11 ) Jan 13 ( 13 ) Jan 12 ( 14 ) Jan 11 ( 14 ) Jan 10 ( 14 ) Jan 09 ( 15 ) Jan 08 ( 12 ) Jan 07 ( 11 ) Jan 06 ( 14 ) Jan 05 ( 14 ) Jan 04 ( 15 ) Jan 03 ( 13 ) Jan 02 ( 13 ) Jan 01 ( 12 ) Dec 31 ( 13 ) Dec 30 ( 14 ) Dec 29 ( 13 ) Dec 28 ( 13 ) Dec 27 ( 12 ) Dec 26 ( 11 ) Dec 25 ( 1 ) Dec 24 ( 14 ) Dec 23 ( 15 ) Dec 22 ( 15 ) Dec 21 ( 19 ) Dec 20 ( 15 ) Dec 19 ( 18 ) Dec 18 ( 13 ) Dec 17 ( 14 ) Dec 16 ( 15 ) Dec 15 ( 16 ) Dec 14 ( 26 ) Dec 13 ( 15 ) Dec 12 ( 17 ) Dec 11 ( 13 ) Dec 10 ( 15 ) Dec 09 ( 15 ) Dec 08 ( 18 ) Dec 07 ( 14 ) Dec 06 ( 19 ) Dec 05 ( 18 ) Dec 04 ( 15 ) Dec 03 ( 14 ) Dec 02 ( 12 ) Dec 01 ( 15 ) Nov 30 ( 18 ) Nov 29 ( 16 ) Nov 28 ( 19 ) Nov 27 ( 15 ) Nov 26 ( 13 ) Nov 25 ( 12 ) Nov 24 ( 17 ) Nov 23 ( 14 ) Nov 22 ( 19 ) Nov 21 ( 19 ) Nov 20 ( 18 ) Nov 19 ( 10 ) Nov 18 ( 15 ) Nov 17 ( 19 ) Nov 16 ( 23 ) Nov 15 ( 16 ) Nov 14 ( 13 ) Nov 13 ( 15 ) Nov 12 ( 13 ) Nov 11 ( 13 ) Nov 10 ( 15 ) Nov 09 ( 16 ) Nov 08 ( 16 ) Nov 07 ( 16 ) Nov 06 ( 16 ) Nov 05 ( 13 ) Nov 04 ( 18 ) Nov 03 ( 16 ) Nov 02 ( 15 ) Nov 01 ( 15 ) Oct 31 ( 16 ) Oct 30 ( 19 ) Oct 29 ( 13 ) Oct 28 ( 17 ) Oct 27 ( 18 ) Oct 26 ( 15 ) Oct 25 ( 17 ) Oct 24 ( 16 ) Oct 23 ( 16 ) Oct 22 ( 17 ) Oct 21 ( 15 ) Oct 20 ( 17 ) Oct 19 ( 17 ) Oct 18 ( 13 ) Oct 17 ( 20 ) Oct 16 ( 18 ) Oct 15 ( 13 ) Oct 14 ( 17 ) Oct 13 ( 16 ) Oct 12 ( 17 ) Oct 11 ( 16 ) Oct 10 ( 18 ) Oct 09 ( 22 ) Oct 08 ( 16 ) Oct 07 ( 17 ) Oct 06 ( 18 ) Oct 05 ( 15 ) Oct 04 ( 19 ) Oct 03 ( 18 ) Oct 02 ( 20 ) Oct 01 ( 12 ) Sep 30 ( 18 ) Sep 29 ( 17 ) Sep 28 ( 14 ) Sep 27 ( 16 ) Sep 26 ( 16 ) Sep 25 ( 14 ) Sep 24 ( 12 ) Sep 23 ( 15 ) Sep 22 ( 15 ) Sep 21 ( 15 ) Sep 20 ( 19 ) Sep 19 ( 20 ) Sep 18 ( 16 ) Sep 17 ( 15 ) Sep 16 ( 14 ) Sep 15 ( 16 ) Sep 14 ( 17 ) Sep 13 ( 18 ) Sep 12 ( 17 ) Sep 11 ( 13 ) Sep 10 ( 17 ) Sep 09 ( 20 ) Sep 08 ( 21 ) Sep 07 ( 18 ) Sep 06 ( 17 ) Sep 05 ( 16 ) Sep 04 ( 16 ) Sep 03 ( 15 ) Sep 02 ( 14 ) Sep 01 ( 20 ) Aug 31 ( 15 ) Aug 30 ( 18 ) Aug 29 ( 15 ) Aug 28 ( 17 ) Aug 27 ( 17 ) Aug 26 ( 14 ) Aug 25 ( 18 ) Aug 24 ( 17 ) Aug 23 ( 13 ) Aug 22 ( 16 ) Aug 21 ( 16 ) Aug 20 ( 16 ) Aug 19 ( 20 ) Aug 18 ( 19 ) Aug 17 ( 16 ) Aug 16 ( 19 ) Aug 15 ( 17 ) Aug 14 ( 18 ) Aug 13 ( 12 ) Aug 12 ( 17 ) Aug 11 ( 19 ) Aug 10 ( 19 ) Aug 09 ( 16 ) Aug 08 ( 17 ) Aug 07 ( 17 ) Aug 06 ( 16 ) Aug 05 ( 19 ) Aug 04 ( 16 ) Aug 03 ( 18 ) Aug 02 ( 17 ) Aug 01 ( 18 ) Jul 31 ( 17 ) Jul 30 ( 16 ) Jul 29 ( 14 ) Jul 28 ( 18 ) Jul 27 ( 17 ) Jul 26 ( 18 ) Jul 25 ( 17 ) Jul 24 ( 12 ) Jul 23 ( 11 ) Jul 22 ( 19 ) Jul 21 ( 15 ) Jul 20 ( 19 ) Jul 19 ( 20 ) Jul 18 ( 14 ) Jul 17 ( 18 ) Jul 16 ( 15 ) Jul 15 ( 14 ) Jul 14 ( 22 ) Jul 13 ( 22 ) Jul 12 ( 14 ) Jul 11 ( 17 ) Jul 10 ( 15 ) Jul 09 ( 12 ) Jul 08 ( 17 ) Jul 07 ( 15 ) Jul 06 ( 14 ) Jul 05 ( 14 ) Jul 04 ( 15 ) Jul 03 ( 15 ) Jul 02 ( 15 ) Jul 01 ( 15 ) Jun 30 ( 18 ) Jun 29 ( 17 ) Jun 28 ( 18 ) Jun 27 ( 15 ) Jun 26 ( 13 ) Jun 25 ( 16 ) Jun 24 ( 15 ) Jun 23 ( 18 ) Jun 22 ( 19 ) Jun 21 ( 18 ) Jun 20 ( 16 ) Jun 19 ( 14 ) Jun 18 ( 12 ) Jun 17 ( 10 ) Jun 16 ( 17 ) Jun 15 ( 20 ) Jun 14 ( 17 ) Jun 13 ( 14 ) Jun 12 ( 13 ) Jun 11 ( 17 ) Jun 10 ( 16 ) Jun 09 ( 18 ) Jun 08 ( 17 ) Jun 07 ( 18 ) Jun 06 ( 17 ) Jun 05 ( 15 ) Jun 04 ( 14 ) Jun 03 ( 14 ) Jun 02 ( 19 ) Jun 01 ( 22 ) May 31 ( 17 ) May 30 ( 17 ) May 29 ( 18 ) May 28 ( 10 ) May 27 ( 18 ) May 26 ( 16 ) May 25 ( 14 ) May 24 ( 12 ) May 23 ( 15 ) May 22 ( 13 ) May 21 ( 11 ) May 20 ( 14 ) May 19 ( 22 ) May 18 ( 15 ) May 17 ( 18 ) May 16 ( 22 ) May 15 ( 13 ) May 14 ( 11 ) May 13 ( 14 ) May 12 ( 19 ) May 11 ( 16 ) May 10 ( 18 ) May 09 ( 13 ) May 08 ( 18 ) May 07 ( 12 ) May 06 ( 11 ) May 05 ( 14 ) May 04 ( 13 ) May 03 ( 17 ) May 02 ( 16 ) May 01 ( 14 ) Apr 30 ( 12 ) Apr 29 ( 16 ) Apr 28 ( 12 ) Apr 27 ( 14 ) Apr 26 ( 14 ) Apr 25 ( 13 ) Apr 24 ( 21 ) Apr 23 ( 12 ) Apr 22 ( 14 ) Apr 21 ( 15 ) Apr 20 ( 17 ) Apr 19 ( 14 ) Apr 18 ( 12 ) Apr 17 ( 14 ) Apr 16 ( 14 ) Apr 15 ( 14 ) Apr 14 ( 15 ) Apr 13 ( 8 ) Apr 12 ( 14 ) Apr 11 ( 13 ) Apr 10 ( 15 ) Apr 09 ( 12 ) Apr 08 ( 13 ) Apr 07 ( 13 ) Apr 06 ( 13 ) Apr 05 ( 17 ) Apr 04 ( 23 ) Apr 03 ( 15 ) Apr 02 ( 18 ) Apr 01 ( 22 ) Mar 31 ( 12 ) Mar 30 ( 13 ) Mar 29 ( 14 ) Mar 28 ( 15 ) Mar 27 ( 16 ) Mar 26 ( 18 ) Mar 25 ( 12 ) Mar 24 ( 13 ) Mar 23 ( 16 ) Mar 22 ( 13 ) Mar 21 ( 14 ) Mar 20 ( 16 ) Mar 19 ( 13 ) Mar 18 ( 13 ) Mar 17 ( 20 ) Mar 16 ( 12 ) Mar 15 ( 16 ) Mar 14 ( 16 ) Mar 13 ( 16 ) Mar 12 ( 10 ) Mar 11 ( 15 ) Mar 10 ( 13 ) Mar 09 ( 13 ) Mar 08 ( 18 ) Mar 07 ( 18 ) Mar 06 ( 14 ) Mar 05 ( 14 ) Mar 04 ( 12 ) Mar 03 ( 15 ) Mar 02 ( 15 ) Mar 01 ( 17 ) Feb 28 ( 18 ) Feb 27 ( 11 ) Feb 26 ( 14 ) Feb 25 ( 13 ) Feb 24 ( 13 ) Feb 23 ( 14 ) Feb 22 ( 14 ) Feb 21 ( 15 ) Feb 20 ( 18 ) Feb 19 ( 12 ) Feb 18 ( 15 ) Feb 17 ( 15 ) Feb 16 ( 18 ) Feb 15 ( 20 ) Feb 14 ( 14 ) Feb 13 ( 13 ) Feb 12 ( 16 ) Feb 11 ( 17 ) Feb 10 ( 18 ) Feb 09 ( 16 ) Feb 08 ( 14 ) Feb 07 ( 20 ) Feb 06 ( 18 ) Feb 05 ( 14 ) Feb 04 ( 15 ) Feb 03 ( 15 ) Feb 02 ( 13 ) Feb 01 ( 15 ) Jan 31 ( 15 ) Jan 30 ( 17 ) Jan 29 ( 11 ) Jan 28 ( 18 ) Jan 27 ( 18 ) Jan 26 ( 13 ) Jan 25 ( 17 ) Jan 24 ( 14 ) Jan 23 ( 13 ) Jan 22 ( 14 ) Jan 21 ( 13 ) Jan 20 ( 15 ) Jan 19 ( 14 ) Jan 18 ( 15 ) Jan 17 ( 17 ) Jan 16 ( 18 ) Jan 15 ( 14 ) Jan 14 ( 15 ) Jan 13 ( 16 ) Jan 12 ( 14 ) Jan 11 ( 18 ) Jan 10 ( 13 ) Jan 09 ( 16 ) Jan 08 ( 14 ) Jan 07 ( 10 ) Jan 06 ( 14 ) Jan 05 ( 18 ) Jan 04 ( 16 ) Jan 03 ( 14 ) Jan 02 ( 9 ) Jan 01 ( 14 ) Dec 31 ( 11 ) Dec 30 ( 22 ) Dec 29 ( 19 ) Dec 28 ( 15 ) Dec 27 ( 15 ) Dec 26 ( 19 ) Dec 24 ( 1 ) Dec 23 ( 1 ) Dec 22 ( 14 ) Dec 21 ( 20 ) Dec 20 ( 21 ) Dec 19 ( 13 ) Dec 18 ( 15 ) Dec 17 ( 13 ) Dec 16 ( 17 ) Dec 15 ( 19 ) Dec 14 ( 19 ) Dec 13 ( 14 ) Dec 12 ( 17 ) Dec 11 ( 17 ) Dec 10 ( 18 ) Dec 09 ( 18 ) Dec 08 ( 11 ) Dec 07 ( 12 ) Dec 06 ( 14 ) Dec 05 ( 15 ) Dec 04 ( 15 ) Dec 03 ( 16 ) Dec 02 ( 23 ) Dec 01 ( 15 ) Nov 30 ( 15 ) Nov 29 ( 17 ) Nov 28 ( 16 ) Nov 27 ( 13 ) Nov 26 ( 19 ) Nov 25 ( 15 ) Nov 24 ( 16 ) Nov 23 ( 18 ) Nov 22 ( 16 ) Nov 21 ( 16 ) Nov 20 ( 13 ) Nov 19 ( 12 ) Nov 18 ( 17 ) Nov 17 ( 18 ) Nov 16 ( 19 ) Nov 15 ( 24 ) Nov 14 ( 13 ) Nov 13 ( 17 ) Nov 12 ( 22 ) Nov 11 ( 20 ) Nov 10 ( 20 ) Nov 09 ( 15 ) Nov 08 ( 18 ) Nov 07 ( 20 ) Nov 06 ( 13 ) Nov 05 ( 14 ) Nov 04 ( 20 ) Nov 03 ( 17 ) Nov 02 ( 15 ) Nov 01 ( 14 ) Oct 31 ( 14 ) Oct 30 ( 16 ) Oct 29 ( 18 ) Oct 28 ( 17 ) Oct 27 ( 19 ) Oct 26 ( 19 ) Oct 25 ( 20 ) Oct 24 ( 16 ) Oct 23 ( 12 ) Oct 22 ( 22 ) Oct 21 ( 19 ) Oct 20 ( 21 ) Oct 19 ( 15 ) Oct 18 ( 16 ) Oct 17 ( 19 ) Oct 16 ( 13 ) Oct 15 ( 17 ) Oct 14 ( 19 ) Oct 13 ( 17 ) Oct 12 ( 19 ) Oct 11 ( 15 ) Oct 10 ( 18 ) Oct 09 ( 14 ) Oct 08 ( 16 ) Oct 07 ( 18 ) Oct 06 ( 20 ) Oct 05 ( 17 ) Oct 04 ( 23 ) Oct 03 ( 17 ) Oct 02 ( 15 ) Oct 01 ( 15 ) Sep 30 ( 20 ) Sep 29 ( 21 ) Sep 28 ( 18 ) Sep 27 ( 19 ) Sep 26 ( 18 ) Sep 25 ( 19 ) Sep 24 ( 17 ) Sep 23 ( 16 ) Sep 22 ( 21 ) Sep 21 ( 19 ) Sep 20 ( 15 ) Sep 19 ( 17 ) Sep 18 ( 16 ) Sep 17 ( 14 ) Sep 16 ( 15 ) Sep 15 ( 17 ) Sep 14 ( 17 ) Sep 13 ( 16 ) Sep 12 ( 16 ) Sep 11 ( 15 ) Sep 10 ( 18 ) Sep 09 ( 15 ) Sep 08 ( 24 ) Sep 07 ( 22 ) Sep 06 ( 16 ) Sep 05 ( 15 ) Sep 04 ( 17 ) Sep 03 ( 14 ) Sep 02 ( 13 ) Sep 01 ( 19 ) Aug 31 ( 16 ) Aug 30 ( 19 ) Aug 29 ( 12 ) Aug 28 ( 18 ) Aug 27 ( 15 ) Aug 26 ( 18 ) Aug 25 ( 15 ) Aug 24 ( 19 ) Aug 23 ( 16 ) Aug 22 ( 14 ) Aug 21 ( 13 ) Aug 20 ( 13 ) Aug 19 ( 16 ) Aug 18 ( 22 ) Aug 17 ( 16 ) Aug 16 ( 17 ) Aug 15 ( 19 ) Aug 14 ( 12 ) Aug 13 ( 14 ) Aug 12 ( 20 ) Aug 11 ( 16 ) Aug 10 ( 20 ) Aug 09 ( 20 ) Aug 08 ( 18 ) Aug 07 ( 14 ) Aug 06 ( 19 ) Aug 05 ( 18 ) Aug 04 ( 17 ) Aug 03 ( 15 ) Aug 02 ( 18 ) Aug 01 ( 15 ) Jul 31 ( 9 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 12 ) Jul 28 ( 15 ) Jul 27 ( 15 ) Jul 26 ( 13 ) Jul 25 ( 17 ) Jul 24 ( 13 ) Jul 23 ( 14 ) Jul 22 ( 17 ) Jul 21 ( 16 ) Jul 20 ( 24 ) Jul 19 ( 15 ) Jul 18 ( 22 ) Jul 17 ( 16 ) Jul 16 ( 10 ) Jul 15 ( 23 ) Jul 14 ( 21 ) Jul 13 ( 20 ) Jul 12 ( 19 ) Jul 11 ( 22 ) Jul 10 ( 15 ) Jul 09 ( 16 ) Jul 08 ( 20 ) Jul 07 ( 20 ) Jul 06 ( 12 ) Jul 05 ( 15 ) Jul 04 ( 18 ) Jul 03 ( 17 ) Jul 02 ( 15 ) Jul 01 ( 15 ) Jun 30 ( 14 ) Jun 29 ( 11 ) Jun 28 ( 14 ) Jun 27 ( 17 ) Jun 26 ( 17 ) Jun 25 ( 13 ) Jun 24 ( 14 ) Jun 23 ( 16 ) Jun 22 ( 19 ) Jun 21 ( 15 ) Jun 20 ( 14 ) Jun 19 ( 13 ) Jun 18 ( 6 ) Jun 17 ( 18 ) Jun 16 ( 16 ) Jun 15 ( 15 ) Jun 14 ( 16 ) Jun 13 ( 16 ) Jun 12 ( 12 ) Jun 11 ( 18 ) Jun 10 ( 14 ) Jun 09 ( 22 ) Jun 08 ( 15 ) Jun 07 ( 16 ) Jun 06 ( 12 ) Jun 05 ( 12 ) Jun 04 ( 14 ) Jun 03 ( 18 ) Jun 02 ( 23 ) Jun 01 ( 16 ) May 31 ( 19 ) May 30 ( 14 ) May 29 ( 11 ) May 28 ( 19 ) May 27 ( 17 ) May 26 ( 22 ) May 25 ( 15 ) May 24 ( 16 ) May 23 ( 19 ) May 22 ( 10 ) May 21 ( 10 ) May 20 ( 20 ) May 19 ( 15 ) May 18 ( 16 ) May 17 ( 15 ) May 16 ( 22 ) May 15 ( 15 ) May 14 ( 10 ) May 13 ( 14 ) May 12 ( 18 ) May 11 ( 13 ) May 10 ( 18 ) May 09 ( 14 ) May 08 ( 15 ) May 07 ( 17 ) May 06 ( 14 ) May 05 ( 19 ) May 04 ( 14 ) May 03 ( 16 ) May 02 ( 19 ) May 01 ( 15 ) Apr 30 ( 12 ) Apr 29 ( 15 ) Apr 28 ( 23 ) Apr 27 ( 16 ) Apr 26 ( 24 ) Apr 25 ( 18 ) Apr 24 ( 15 ) Apr 23 ( 12 ) Apr 22 ( 17 ) Apr 21 ( 20 ) Apr 20 ( 20 ) Apr 19 ( 15 ) Apr 18 ( 17 ) Apr 17 ( 12 ) Apr 16 ( 12 ) Apr 15 ( 19 ) Apr 14 ( 12 ) Apr 13 ( 12 ) Apr 12 ( 18 ) Apr 11 ( 19 ) Apr 10 ( 12 ) Apr 09 ( 14 ) Apr 08 ( 19 ) Apr 07 ( 19 ) Apr 06 ( 20 ) Apr 05 ( 18 ) Apr 04 ( 21 ) Apr 03 ( 15 ) Apr 02 ( 12 ) Apr 01 ( 18 ) Mar 31 ( 21 ) Mar 30 ( 22 ) Mar 29 ( 20 ) Mar 28 ( 18 ) Mar 27 ( 11 ) Mar 26 ( 11 ) Mar 25 ( 14 ) Mar 24 ( 16 ) Mar 23 ( 25 ) Mar 22 ( 19 ) Mar 21 ( 16 ) Mar 20 ( 16 ) Mar 19 ( 12 ) Mar 18 ( 12 ) Mar 17 ( 16 ) Mar 16 ( 21 ) Mar 15 ( 21 ) Mar 14 ( 23 ) Mar 13 ( 15 ) Mar 12 ( 16 ) Mar 11 ( 14 ) Mar 10 ( 18 ) Mar 09 ( 21 ) Mar 08 ( 15 ) Mar 07 ( 17 ) Mar 06 ( 25 ) Mar 05 ( 19 ) Mar 04 ( 13 ) Mar 03 ( 17 ) Mar 02 ( 16 ) Mar 01 ( 15 ) Feb 28 ( 14 ) Feb 27 ( 18 ) Feb 26 ( 12 ) Feb 25 ( 22 ) Feb 24 ( 16 ) Feb 23 ( 21 ) Feb 22 ( 22 ) Feb 21 ( 19 ) Feb 20 ( 11 ) Feb 19 ( 15 ) Feb 18 ( 18 ) Feb 17 ( 16 ) Feb 16 ( 15 ) Feb 15 ( 20 ) Feb 14 ( 19 ) Feb 13 ( 12 ) Feb 12 ( 10 ) Feb 11 ( 13 ) Feb 10 ( 27 ) Feb 09 ( 19 ) Feb 08 ( 20 ) Feb 07 ( 17 ) Feb 06 ( 21 ) Feb 05 ( 17 ) Feb 04 ( 20 ) Feb 03 ( 17 ) Feb 02 ( 15 ) Feb 01 ( 16 ) Jan 31 ( 12 ) Jan 30 ( 11 ) Jan 29 ( 11 ) Jan 28 ( 12 ) Jan 27 ( 12 ) Jan 26 ( 16 ) Jan 25 ( 20 ) Jan 24 ( 15 ) Jan 23 ( 13 ) Jan 22 ( 14 ) Jan 21 ( 18 ) Jan 20 ( 18 ) Jan 19 ( 17 ) Jan 18 ( 11 ) Jan 17 ( 9 ) Jan 16 ( 9 ) Jan 15 ( 12 ) Jan 14 ( 16 ) Jan 13 ( 18 ) Jan 12 ( 19 ) Jan 11 ( 19 ) Jan 10 ( 10 ) Jan 09 ( 12 ) Jan 08 ( 11 ) Jan 07 ( 22 ) Jan 06 ( 15 ) Jan 05 ( 20 ) Jan 04 ( 16 ) Jan 03 ( 10 ) Jan 02 ( 11 ) Jan 01 ( 12 ) Dec 31 ( 15 ) Dec 30 ( 14 ) Dec 29 ( 16 ) Dec 28 ( 19 ) Dec 27 ( 14 ) Dec 26 ( 7 ) Dec 25 ( 6 ) Dec 24 ( 15 ) Dec 23 ( 21 ) Dec 22 ( 20 ) Dec 21 ( 19 ) Dec 20 ( 17 ) Dec 19 ( 15 ) Dec 18 ( 19 ) Dec 17 ( 15 ) Dec 16 ( 15 ) Dec 15 ( 20 ) Dec 14 ( 13 ) Dec 13 ( 19 ) Dec 12 ( 11 ) Dec 11 ( 13 ) Dec 10 ( 18 ) Dec 09 ( 16 ) Dec 08 ( 14 ) Dec 07 ( 15 ) Dec 06 ( 15 ) Dec 05 ( 13 ) Dec 04 ( 10 ) Dec 03 ( 9 ) Dec 02 ( 11 ) Dec 01 ( 19 ) Nov 30 ( 22 ) Nov 29 ( 16 ) Nov 28 ( 14 ) Nov 27 ( 11 ) Nov 26 ( 1 ) Nov 25 ( 1 ) Nov 24 ( 21 ) Nov 23 ( 20 ) Nov 22 ( 17 ) Nov 21 ( 9 ) Nov 20 ( 20 ) Nov 19 ( 15 ) Nov 18 ( 20 ) Nov 17 ( 24 ) Nov 16 ( 22 ) Nov 15 ( 1 ) Nov 14 ( 1 ) Nov 13 ( 12 ) Nov 12 ( 15 ) Nov 11 ( 14 ) Nov 10 ( 16 ) Nov 09 ( 15 ) Nov 08 ( 11 ) Nov 07 ( 13 ) Nov 06 ( 11 ) Nov 05 ( 15 ) Nov 04 ( 16 ) Nov 03 ( 17 ) Nov 02 ( 16 ) Nov 01 ( 19 ) Oct 31 ( 13 ) Oct 30 ( 14 ) Oct 29 ( 16 ) Oct 28 ( 15 ) Oct 27 ( 19 ) Oct 26 ( 17 ) Oct 25 ( 15 ) Oct 24 ( 8 ) Oct 23 ( 11 ) Oct 22 ( 18 ) Oct 21 ( 26 ) Oct 20 ( 17 ) Oct 19 ( 7 ) Oct 18 ( 18 ) Oct 17 ( 13 ) Oct 16 ( 15 ) Oct 15 ( 19 ) Oct 14 ( 16 ) Oct 13 ( 14 ) Oct 12 ( 18 ) Oct 11 ( 21 ) Oct 10 ( 13 ) Oct 09 ( 17 ) Oct 08 ( 16 ) Oct 07 ( 18 ) Oct 06 ( 18 ) Oct 05 ( 14 ) Oct 04 ( 17 ) Oct 03 ( 9 ) Oct 02 ( 9 ) Oct 01 ( 9 ) Sep 30 ( 13 ) Sep 29 ( 14 ) Sep 28 ( 14 ) Sep 27 ( 12 ) Sep 26 ( 11 ) Sep 25 ( 7 ) Sep 24 ( 15 ) Sep 23 ( 13 ) Sep 22 ( 18 ) Sep 21 ( 12 ) Sep 20 ( 14 ) Sep 19 ( 13 ) Sep 18 ( 11 ) Sep 17 ( 14 ) Sep 16 ( 25 ) Sep 15 ( 14 ) Sep 14 ( 11 ) Sep 13 ( 13 ) Sep 12 ( 11 ) Sep 11 ( 9 ) Sep 10 ( 8 ) Sep 09 ( 14 ) Sep 08 ( 12 ) Sep 07 ( 12 ) Sep 06 ( 13 ) Sep 05 ( 8 ) Sep 04 ( 13 ) Sep 03 ( 9 ) Sep 02 ( 13 ) Sep 01 ( 12 ) Aug 31 ( 12 ) Aug 30 ( 9 ) Aug 29 ( 11 ) Aug 28 ( 9 ) Aug 27 ( 13 ) Aug 26 ( 3 ) Aug 25 ( 14 ) Aug 24 ( 14 ) Aug 23 ( 11 ) Aug 22 ( 11 ) Aug 21 ( 6 ) Aug 20 ( 13 ) Aug 19 ( 16 ) Aug 18 ( 11 ) Aug 17 ( 12 ) Aug 16 ( 14 ) Aug 15 ( 11 ) Aug 14 ( 11 ) Aug 13 ( 13 ) Aug 12 ( 9 ) Aug 11 ( 15 ) Aug 10 ( 12 ) Aug 09 ( 13 ) Aug 08 ( 10 ) Aug 07 ( 12 ) Aug 06 ( 15 ) Aug 05 ( 13 ) Aug 04 ( 8 ) Aug 03 ( 9 ) Aug 02 ( 14 ) Aug 01 ( 7 ) Jul 31 ( 8 ) Jul 30 ( 10 ) Jul 29 ( 12 ) Jul 28 ( 10 ) Jul 27 ( 7 ) Jul 26 ( 11 ) Jul 25 ( 8 ) Jul 24 ( 10 ) Jul 23 ( 9 ) Jul 22 ( 11 ) Jul 21 ( 14 ) Jul 20 ( 12 ) Jul 19 ( 14 ) Jul 18 ( 8 ) Jul 17 ( 5 ) Jul 16 ( 6 ) Jul 15 ( 12 ) Jul 14 ( 13 ) Jul 13 ( 16 ) Jul 12 ( 12 ) Jul 11 ( 9 ) Jul 10 ( 10 ) Jul 09 ( 10 ) Jul 08 ( 5 ) Jul 07 ( 13 ) Jul 06 ( 20 ) Jul 05 ( 9 ) Jul 04 ( 8 ) Jul 03 ( 8 ) Jul 02 ( 12 ) Jul 01 ( 13 ) Jun 30 ( 12 ) Jun 29 ( 15 ) Jun 28 ( 10 ) Jun 27 ( 9 ) Jun 26 ( 17 ) Jun 25 ( 9 ) Jun 24 ( 8 ) Jun 23 ( 10 ) Jun 22 ( 16 ) Jun 21 ( 11 ) Jun 20 ( 10 ) Jun 19 ( 8 ) Jun 18 ( 15 ) Jun 17 ( 15 ) Jun 16 ( 11 ) Jun 15 ( 14 ) Jun 14 ( 12 ) Jun 13 ( 13 ) Jun 12 ( 9 ) Jun 11 ( 13 ) Jun 10 ( 16 ) Jun 09 ( 14 ) Jun 08 ( 15 ) Jun 07 ( 17 ) Jun 06 ( 12 ) Jun 05 ( 12 ) Jun 04 ( 17 ) Jun 03 ( 15 ) Jun 02 ( 1 ) Jun 01 ( 12 ) May 31 ( 10 ) May 30 ( 1 ) May 29 ( 11 ) May 28 ( 14 ) May 27 ( 13 ) May 26 ( 14 ) May 25 ( 11 ) May 24 ( 12 ) May 23 ( 8 ) May 22 ( 11 ) May 21 ( 14 ) May 20 ( 8 ) May 19 ( 10 ) May 18 ( 10 ) May 17 ( 10 ) May 16 ( 8 ) May 15 ( 9 ) May 14 ( 14 ) May 13 ( 11 ) May 12 ( 8 ) May 11 ( 8 ) May 10 ( 9 ) May 09 ( 5 ) May 08 ( 6 ) May 07 ( 10 ) May 06 ( 9 ) May 05 ( 6 ) May 04 ( 7 ) May 03 ( 6 ) May 02 ( 9 ) May 01 ( 7 ) Apr 30 ( 9 ) Apr 29 ( 10 ) Apr 28 ( 11 ) Apr 27 ( 10 ) Apr 26 ( 14 ) Apr 25 ( 9 ) Apr 24 ( 11 ) Apr 23 ( 10 ) Apr 22 ( 15 ) Apr 21 ( 10 ) Apr 20 ( 10 ) Apr 19 ( 9 ) Apr 18 ( 7 ) Apr 17 ( 7 ) Apr 16 ( 10 ) Apr 15 ( 10 ) Apr 14 ( 8 ) Apr 13 ( 10 ) Apr 12 ( 7 ) Apr 11 ( 9 ) Apr 10 ( 7 ) Apr 09 ( 6 ) Apr 08 ( 9 ) Apr 07 ( 13 ) Apr 06 ( 11 ) Apr 05 ( 10 ) Apr 04 ( 12 ) Apr 03 ( 10 ) Apr 02 ( 11 ) Apr 01 ( 14 ) Mar 31 ( 8 ) Mar 30 ( 6 ) Mar 29 ( 8 ) Mar 28 ( 9 ) Mar 27 ( 1 ) Mar 26 ( 8 ) Mar 25 ( 10 ) Mar 24 ( 8 ) Mar 23 ( 9 ) Mar 22 ( 7 ) Mar 21 ( 8 ) Mar 20 ( 8 ) Mar 19 ( 7 ) Mar 18 ( 9 ) Mar 17 ( 7 ) Mar 16 ( 8 ) Mar 15 ( 7 ) Mar 14 ( 7 ) Mar 13 ( 6 ) Mar 12 ( 6 ) Mar 11 ( 8 ) Mar 10 ( 6 ) Mar 09 ( 9 ) Mar 08 ( 7 ) Mar 07 ( 8 ) Mar 06 ( 7 ) Mar 05 ( 7 ) Mar 04 ( 7 ) Mar 03 ( 7 ) Mar 02 ( 6 ) Mar 01 ( 7 ) Feb 28 ( 6 ) Feb 27 ( 5 ) Feb 26 ( 6 ) Feb 25 ( 6 ) Feb 24 ( 7 ) Feb 23 ( 5 ) Feb 22 ( 6 ) Feb 21 ( 7 ) Feb 20 ( 5 ) Feb 19 ( 7 ) Feb 18 ( 6 ) Feb 17 ( 6 ) Feb 16 ( 6 ) Feb 15 ( 6 ) Feb 14 ( 4 ) Feb 13 ( 5 ) Feb 12 ( 4 ) Feb 11 ( 3 ) Feb 10 ( 5 ) Feb 09 ( 7 ) Feb 08 ( 5 ) Feb 07 ( 6 ) Feb 06 ( 1 ) Feb 05 ( 7 ) Feb 04 ( 9 ) Feb 03 ( 8 ) Feb 02 ( 9 ) Feb 01 ( 10 ) Jan 31 ( 8 ) Jan 30 ( 7 ) Jan 29 ( 7 ) Jan 28 ( 9 ) Jan 27 ( 4 ) Jan 26 ( 9 ) Jan 25 ( 8 ) Jan 24 ( 9 ) Jan 23 ( 1 )
Debris falls into the water following Discovery ’s launch on Saturday .
Images from CBS Space Place .
The launchpad at Kennedy Space Center was damaged during Saturday ’s space shuttle launch .
Pictures taken during Discovery ’s launch show debris raining down into the waterway just behind launchpad 39A .
Additional images show debris that appears to be broken concrete littering a nearby road as well as damaged and buckled concrete on one side of the launchpad .
CBS News ’ Bill Harwood reported that the damage to the pad occured on the north side of the “ flame trench ” wall .
The trench is used to divert exhaust from the shuttle ’s solid rocket boosters .
The damage is “ unusual , ” Harwood quoted NASA spokesman Bill Johnson , who verified the damage was serious and tomorrow ( Monday ) a full report on the incident will be issued .
Harwood also reported that a NASA manager said part of the pad ’s base was repaired following a previous launch , but possibly something was either missed or not repaired correctly .
The debris appears to come from the lauchpad itself , and not the shuttle .
And whether any of the debris hit the shuttle is currently unknown .
The astronauts on board Discovery have not yet been able to conduct the usual inspection of the shuttle nose cap and wing leading edge panels because the 50 - foot - long boom equipped with laser scanners and high - resolution cameras was unable to fit into the shuttle ’s payload bay due to the large size of the Japanese Kibo laboratory that Discovery is bringing to the International Space Station .
The last shuttle crew left the orbiter boom sensor system at the ISS , and the crew of Discovery will retrieve it while docked to the station .
ISS crew members will take high resolution pictures of the shuttle as it approaches the station on Monday .
Docking is scheduled about 2 pm EDT .
Both launchpads at KSC , 39A and 39B were originally built for the Apollo spacecraft / Saturn rockets and were modified for the space shuttles .
During launches the pads must withstand both high heat and extreme pressure .
Original News Source : CBS Space Place
This page uses frame .
Your browser does not support frames .
The best criminal hacker is the one that is n't caughtor even identified .
These are 10 of the most infamous unsolved computer crimes ( that we know about ) .
The most nefarious and crafty criminals are the ones who operate completely under the radar .
In the computing world security breaches happen all the time , and in the best cases the offenders get tracked down by the FBI or some other law enforcement agency .
But it 's the ones who go uncaught and unidentified ( those who we did n't highlight in our that are actually the best .
Attempting to cover your tracks is Law - Breaking 101 ; being able to effectively do so , that 's another story altogether .
When a major cyber crime remains unsolved , though , it probably also means that those of us outside the world of tech crime solving may never even know the crime occurred .
These are some of the top headline - worthy highlights in the world of unsolved computing crimecases in which the only information available is the ruin left in their wake .
The WANK Worm ( October 1989 )
Possibly the first " hacktivist " ( hacking activist ) attack , the WANK worm hit NASA offices in Greenbelt , Maryland .
WANK ( Worms Against Nuclear Killers ) ran a banner ( pictured ) across system computers as part of a protest to stop the launch of the plutonium - fueled , Jupiter - bound Galileo probe .
Cleaning up after the crack has been said to have cost NASA up to a half of a million dollars in time and resources .
To this day , no one is quite sure where the attack originated , though many fingers have pointed to Melbourne , Australia - based hackers .
Ministry of Defense Satellite Hacked ( February 1999 )
A small group of hackers traced to southern England gained control of a MoD Skynet military satellite and signaled a security intrusion characterized by officials as " information warfare , " in which an enemy attacks by disrupting military communications .
In the end , the hackers managed to reprogram the control system before being discovered .
Though Scotland Yard 's Computer Crimes Unit and the U.S. Air Force worked together to investigate the case , no arrests have been made .
CD Universe Credit Card Breach ( January 2000 )
A blackmail scheme gone wrong , the posting of over 300,000 credit card numbers by hacker Maxim on a Web site entitled " The Maxus Credit Card Pipeline " has remained unsolved since early 2000 .
Maxim stole the credit card information by breaching CDUniverse.com ; he or she then demanded $ 100,000 from the Web site in exchange for destroying the data .
While Maxim is believed to be from Eastern Europe , the case remains as of yet unsolved .
Military Source Code Stolen ( December 2000 )
If there 's one thing you do n't want in the wrong hands , it 's the source code that can control missile - guidance systems .
In winter of 2000 , a hacker broke into government - contracted Exigent Software Technology and nabbed two - thirds of the code for Exigent 's OS / COMET software , which is responsible for both missile and satellite guidance , from the Naval Research Lab in Washington , D.C. Officials were able to follow the trail of the intruder " Leaf " to the University of Kaiserslautern in Germany , but that 's where the trail appears to end .
Anti-DRM Hack ( October 2001 )
In our eyes , not all hackers are bad guys ( as evidenced by our list of the ) ; often they 're just trying to right a wrong or make life generally easier for the tech - consuming public .
Such is the case of the hacker known as Beale Screamer , whose FreeMe program allowed Windows Media users to strip digital - rights - management security from music and video files .
While Microsoft tried to hunt down Beale , other anti-DRM activists heralded him as a crusader .
Dennis Kucinich on CBSNews.com ( October 2003 )
As Representative Kucinich 's presidential campaign struggled in the fall of 2003 , a hacker did what he could to give it a boost .
Early one Friday morning the CBSNews.com homepage was replaced by the campaign 's logo .
The page then automatically redirected to a 30 - minute video called " This is the Moment , " in which the candidate laid out his political philosophy .
The Kucinich campaign denied any involvement with the hack , and whoever was responsible was not identified .
Hacking Your MBA App ( March 2006 )
Waiting on a college or graduate school decision is a nail - biting experience , so when one hacker found out how to break into the automated ApplyYourself application system in 2006 , it was only natural that he wanted to share the wealth .
Dozens of top business schools , including Harvard and Stanford , saw applicants exploiting the hack in order to track their application statuses .
The still - unknown hacker posted the ApplyYourself login process on Business Week 's online forums ; the information was promptly removed and those who used it were warned by schools that they should expect rejection letters in the mail .
The 26,000 Site Hack Attack ( Winter 2008 )
MSNBC.com was among the largest of the thousands of sites used by a group of unknown hackers earlier this year to redirect traffic to their own JavaScript code hosted by servers known for malware .
The malicious code was embedded in areas of the sites where users could not see it , but where hackers could activate it .
Supermarket Security Breach ( February 2008 )
Overshadowed only by a T.J
Maxx breach in 2005 , the theft of at least 1,800 credit and debit card numbers ( and the exposure of about 4.2 million others ) at supermarket chains Hannaford and Sweetbay ( both owned by the Belgium - based Delhaize Group ) in the Northeast United States and Florida remains unsolved more than six months later .
Chain reps and security experts are still unclear as to how the criminals gained access to the system ; the 2005 T.J.
Maxx breach took advantage of a vulnerability in the chain 's wireless credit transfer system , but Hannaford and Sweetbay do not use wireless transfers of any sort .
Without more information , the difficulty in tracking down those responsible grows exponentially .
Comcast.net Gets a Redirect ( May 2008 )
A devious hack does n't always mean finding a back door or particularly crafty way into a secure network or server ; sometimes it just means that account information was compromised .
Such was the case earlier this year when a member of the hacker group Kryogeniks gained unauthorized access to Comcast .
net 's registrar , Network Solutions .
The domain name system ( DNS ) hack altered Comcast .
net 's homepage to redirect those attempting to access webmail to the hackers ' own page ( pictured ) .
Spokespeople for Comcast and Network Solutions are still unclear as to how the hackers got the username and password .
By taking this action , I consent to join this email list and attest that I am 18 years of age or older .
The personal data that I provide will only be used for communicating by email .
I understand that I can unsubscribe at any time , and can request destruction of any personal data provided .
Lenses galore - Hubble finds large sample of very distant galaxies [ heic0814 ]
24 July 2008
By using the gravitational magnification from six massive lensing galaxy clusters , the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope has provided scientists with the largest sample of very distant galaxies seen to date .
Some of the newly found magnified objects are dimmer than the faintest ones seen in the legendary Hubble Ultra Deep Field , which is usually considered the deepest image of the Universe .
By combining both visible and near - infrared observations from Hubble ’s Advanced Camera for Surveys ( ACS ) and Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer ( NICMOS ) , scientists searched for galaxies that are only visible in near - infrared light .
They uncovered 10 candidates believed to lie about 13 billion light - years away ( a redshift of approximately 7.5 ) , which means that the light gathered was emitted by the stars when the Universe was still very young — a mere 700 million years old .
" These candidates could well explain one of the big puzzles plaguing astronomy today .
We know that the Universe was reionised within the first 5-600 million years after the Big Bang , but we do n’t know if the ionising energy came from a smaller number of big galaxies or a more plentiful population of tiny ones " , said Johan Richard , from the California Institute of Technology .
The relatively high number of redshift 7.5 galaxies claimed in this survey suggests that most of the ionising energy was produced by dim and abundant galaxies rather than large , scarce ones .
" The challenge for astronomers is that galaxies beyond a distance of 13 billion light - years ( past a redshift of 7 ) are exceedingly faint and are only visible in the near - infrared — just at the limit of what Hubble can observe " , explained Jean - Paul Kneib from the Laboratoire d’Astrophysique de Marseille .
This new result was only made possible with some cosmic assistance in the form of gravitational lensing that magnified the light from the distant galaxies enough for Hubble to detect them .
A firm confirmation of their distance was beyond even the capabilities of the 10 - meter Keck telescope and must await powerful future ground - based telescopes .
First confirmed in 1979 , gravitational lenses were predicted by Albert Einstein ’s theory of General Relativity , a theory that allows astronomers to calculate the path of starlight as it moves through curved space - time .
According to the theory , the bending of light is brought about by the presence of matter in the Universe , which causes the fabric of space - time to warp and curve .
Gravitational lensing is the result of this warping of spacetime and is mainly detected around very massive galaxy clusters .
Due to the gravitational effect of both the cluster ’s observable matter and hidden dark matter , the light is bent around the cluster .
This bending of light allows the clusters in certain places to act as natural gravitational telescopes that give the light of faint and faraway objects a boost .
Where Earth - bound telescopes fail to detect such faint and distant objects due to the blurring introduced by the Earth ’s atmosphere , a combination of Hubble ’s location in space and the magnification of the gravitation lenses provides astronomers with a birds - eye view of these elusive objects .
This technique has already been used numerous times by Hubble and has helped astronomers to find and study many of the most distant known galaxies .
Notes for editors :
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between ESA and NASA .
Image credit : NASA , ESA and Johan Richard ( Caltech , USA )
Acknowledgement : Davide de Martin & James Long ( ESA / Hubble )
Contacts :
Johan Richard
Department of Astrophysics , California Institute of Technology
Tel : +1-626-395-3293
E-mail : johan astro.caltech.edu
Jean - Paul Kneib
Department of Astrophysics , California Institute of Technology
Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Provence
Cell : +33-685-988-265
E-mail : jean-paul.kneib oamp.fr
Richard Ellis
Department of Astrophysics , Oxford
California Institute of Technology
Tel : +44-1865-283124
Cellular : +44-7885-403334
E-mail : rse astro.caltech.edu
Lars Lindberg Christensen
Hubble / ESA , Garching , Germany
Tel : +49-89-3200-6306
Cellular : +49-173-3872-621
E-mail : lars eso.org
Obama : ' Do n't Know Much '
The Obama campaign continues its mockery of McCain on the economy , and on his relationship with Bush .
In song .
The campaign says it 's airing on nation cable and in battleground states .
Palin 's husband refuses to testify in probe Associated Press
Published : Thursday September 18 , 2008
Print This Email This ANCHORAGE , Alaska - Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's husband has refused to testify in the investigation of his wife 's alleged abuse of power , and a key lawmaker said Thursday that uncooperative witnesses are effectively sidetracking the probe until after Election Day .
Todd Palin , who participates in state business in person or by e-mail , was among 13 people subpoenaed by the Alaska Legislature .
McCain - Palin presidential campaign spokesman Ed O'Callaghan announced Thursday that Todd Palin would not appear , because he no longer believes the Legislature 's investigation is legitimate .
Sarah Palin initially welcomed the investigation of accusations that she dismissed the state 's public safety commissioner because he refused to fire her ex-brother - in - law , a state trooper .
" Hold me accountable , " she said .
But she has increasingly opposed it since Republican presidential candidate John McCain tapped her as his running mate .
The McCain campaign dispatched a legal team to Alaska including O'Callaghan , a former top U.S. terrorism prosecutor from New York to bolster Palin 's local lawyer .
Read the rest ...
Slide 1 of 9 ,
In 2000 , Paul Sereno of the University of Chicago went to the Sahara looking for dinosaur bones .
Instead he found the largest known graveyard of Stone Age people .
Here , Dr. Sereno is working to stabilize the skull of a woman of a nomadic culture knowns as the Tenerians , who lived in the area in Niger from 6,500 to 4,500 years ago , when rains fell and lakes dotted the Sahara .
Michael Hettwer
IBM researchers are claiming a significant breakthrough in the emerging field of nanotechnology that could change the way engineers and the IT industry think about the development of microprocessors .
In a paper published in the Nature Nanotechnology journal Aug. 25 , IBM researchers describe how they integrated and controlled an electrically driven , nanoscale light emitter that engineers built around a single carbon nanotube .
A carbon nanotube is a series of tiny tubes of rolled - up carbon hexagons .
Carbon nanotubes could be used in new types of transistors - the tiny on / off switches used to transmit electrical signals inside processors .
The IBM paper describes this development as a critical first step in the future development of nanotube - based integrated electronic and nanophotonic devices .
These developments in nanotechnology have the potential to change the way companies such as IBM and Intel boost the performance of future generations of microprocessors and computer memory .
Nanotechnology is an emerging field of research that looks to shrink already small components to an even small size .
The field of nanotechnology involves working with materials that are 100 nanometers or smaller , or just a fraction of the width of a human hair .
The ability to decrease the size of silicon - based transistors , which in turn allows chip makers to boost their chips ' performance by packing more transistors into each processor , will eventually end .
When this happens , IBM , Intel and other chip makers will have to invest in new technologies .
This is where carbon nanotubes , nanowires or other materials and technologies could make a difference .
In the new IBM research paper , scientists describe how they were able to combine a single nanotube - based field effect transistor , or FET , with a pair of tiny , nanomirrors on one chip .
This type of integration allowed researchers to control the optical emissions from a nanotube .
In turn , IBM researchers were able to control the wavelength of the optical emissions , the spectral and spatial distributions of the emitted light and the efficiency of the emissions .
While lasers have been used before in new types of chip development , the IBM research showed that lasers can also be used at the nanolevel , which could pave the way toward nanophotonics .
The goal of nanophotonics is to build integrated circuits that manipulate light signals to transmit data the same way electrical signals transmit data in traditional silicon - based microprocessors .
The developments that IBM describes in the Nature Nanotechnology article builds on several other breakthroughs the company 's researchers have announced this year .
In March , engineers detailed a new nanophotonic silicon broadband switch that will route optical pulse signals within a microprocessor from a transmitting core to a receiving core .
While IBM has published several papers this year in the field of nanotechnology , it 's not the only IT company studying ways to create new processors from the technology .
In addition to IBM , HP Labs - the research division of Hewlett - Packard - is working on ways to create new types of nanoscale devices .
In April , HP researchers detailed their work into finding the fourth fundamental circuit element within electrical engineering , called a memristor , short for memory resistor .
This is expected to give researchers new insight in the development of different types of computer memory .
At the recent Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco , Intel CTO Justin Rattner detailed his company 's work in the field of photonics - the ability to send data across pulses of light that will eventually replace copper wiring .
This research , and Intel 's investment in funding new developments , also has the potential to make nanoscale devices possible .
While processors that use light to transmit data from one point to another have applications in the world of high - performance computing and large - scale data centers , Rattner said that Intel wants to first put the technology in desktops , which will show the practical side of the technology and also help bring the price down to a reasonable level .
If Intel succeeds , then it could mean that photonics and nanophotonics could lead to whole new ways of creating chips that are powerful but offer better battery life for small devices , such as notebook PCs , and wireless and mobile devices , such as cell phones .
It is important to keep in the mind that while all these developments are ongoing , nanotechnology will probably not replace traditional silicon in chip development anytime soon .
Intel and IBM are each still using more traditional silicon technology to build the next generation of both 32 - nm and 22 - nm microprocessors .
Besides IBM , HP and Intel , the field of nanotechnology has garnered attention from the United States government .
In June , the U.S. House of Representatives approved new legislation to reauthorize federal nanotechnology research programs .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
10 Futuristic User Interfaces
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Good user interfaces are crucial for good user experience .
It does n’t matter how good a technology is — if we , designers , do n’t manage to make user interface as intuitive and attractive as possible , the technology will hardly reach a breakthrough .
To gain the interest in a new product or technology , users need to understand its advantages or find themselves impressed or involved .
Good user interfaces are crucial for good user experience .
It does n’t matter how good a technology is — if we , designers , do n’t manage to make user interface as intuitive and attractive as possible , the technology will hardly reach a breakthrough .
To gain the interest in a new product or technology , users need to understand its advantages or find themselves impressed or involved .
And here is where creative ideas and unusual interface approaches become important .
Innovative does n’t mean usable and usable hardly means innovative .
As usual , it ’s necessary to find an optimal trade - off .
And some user interfaces manage to achieve just that .
Below we present 10 recent developments in the field of user experience design .
Most techniques may seem very futuristic , but some of them are already reality .
And in fact , they are extremely impressive .
Keep in mind : they can become ubiquitous in the next years .
You may also want to take a look at the related posts :
Fez : 2D / 3D Gaming Experience
Over years we ’ve managed to get used to traditional 2D gaming experience .
Fez provides gamers with a new perspective for a new level of gaming experience .
Things start to get interesting on 00:30 . [ via ]
Futuristic Glass
This futuristic concept aims to integrate the capabilities of online - services in our daily life .
Since web users can now access the Web everywhere and all the time , one can use their mobility for a number of useful applications .
For instance , to provide assistance in a city guide , translate texts , look up some data in encyclopedia etc .
A futuristic concept which is likely to become reality in the near future .
Aurora User Interface
Recently Adaptive Path has presented a new browser concept which was developed in partnership with Mozilla Labs and is an ongoing initiative to encourage designers and developers to contribute their own visions of the future of the browser and the Web .
The main idea of the concept is to represent users , places and virtual objects within a three - dimensional user interface ( spatial view ) .
The interaction with objects is intuitive and follows physical rules from our daily life : users can grab , lift , pull , push and drop everything .
The interface is event - based as users and updates are displayed on the screen on demand ; communication and collaboration is embedded in the browser .
Related objects are grouped into clusters which can be navigated using a dock at the bottom of the screen .
jDome : New Level Of Gaming Experience
John Nilsson ’s
jDome lets gamers see about 50 % more of the game they are playing .
The main idea behind the interface to to alter the Field of View ( FOV ) in a game with a few simple commands and use a projector to provide gamers with a 180 - degrees of game display .
“ Just put a jDome in front of a projector , mirror the image in the projector , start your game and change the Field of View in it .
You do n’t need special computer hardware or software — just one projector and a jDome display . ” [ via ]
Motorolla Sparrow
Motorola Sparrow is supposed to provide retail stores with a mobile point of sale device to make it as easy for customers to pay for a product and leave the store .
It combines a scanner , point of sale ( POS ) system , RFID , communication and credit card reading capabilities into one mobile device .
Both the front and back of the Sparrow are equipped with touch sensitive areas , supposedly making it easier to navigate and use .
Beautiful design and really appealing user interface .
Designed by Aruliden Studio. via ]
Tilty Snake
Tilty Snake uses the accelerometer in a Monome 64 to create a new interface for the old mobile phone game Snake .
Works out to be very tactile , intuitive , responsive and quite fun .
Simple and beautiful .
We , at Smashing Magazine , would love to see the same design for our beloved Tetris .
Probably we ’ll see more tactile interfaces in the future .
And why is iPhone actually not tactile ?
Brainloop : Thought Control
BrainLoop is an interactive performance platform that enables users to manipulate objects on the screen with pure brain — by imagining specific motor commands , without single touch or click .
We are not sure how effective this approach is , but it is definitely an unusual user interface .
Eyeliner 3D
Eyeliner 3D is a high - definition projection system by Musion basically uses innovative HD video projection to produce three dimensional , holographic images within a stage setting .
Recently , it was used to promote Toyota ’s Auris at the Bluewater Shopping Centre in Europe , as well as for a fashion show .
We ’ll definitely see more holographic user interfaces in the future .
Ringo : Holographic User Interface
Ringo is a concept which demonstrates simple possibilities of having the holographic shadow instead of a PDA or a cell phone .
It ’s not produced and not developed yet .
But it looks very promising and like something we may really get used to in the future .
Developed by Ivan Tihienko .
Composition of the table
Composition of the table was designed by Toshio Iwai to create the mixed reailty experience : the user interface blends images and sounds for rich user interaction .
“ Projectors suspended from the ceiling project computer generated images onto the tables and interfaces .
This images change in real time as if they were physically attached to the interfaces when players operate them .
Also sounds are produced in relation to the movement of images .
Since the interfaces have close relation to the reaction of images , players can operate images and sounds in the same way when they operates ordinary interfaces and gradually feels these illusions as equivalent as the actual objects .
Push , Twist , Turn and Slide are the four features that each of the table specializes in . ” [ via ]
uvLayer : Drag ’n ’ Drop for videos online
uvLayer is a web application that is built using the AIR engine and offerse its visitors drag and drop user interface for videos .
Users can move videos around , drag them , select the best ones visually and group them as one would do it in a real life .
Such RIAs are expected to become a standard in the future .
Last Click
Housed in the Comcast Center , this 10 - million pixel video wall is touted as the largest four - millimeter LED screen in the world , measuring 83.3 ft x 25.4 ft .
It ’s an automated control room , home to 27 000 gigabytes of information , six dx-700 led digitizers , seven encore video processors and three matrixpro routers .
Americans are likely to be exposed to unacceptable side effects of FDA - approved drugs such as Vioxx in the future because of fatal flaws in the way new drugs are tested and marketed , according to research to be presented today at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association ( ASA ) .
" Drug disasters are literally built into the current system of drug testing and approvals in the United States , " said Donald Light , the sociologist who authored the study and a professor of comparative health policy at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey .
" Recent changes in the system have only increased the proportion of new drugs with serious risks . "
According to a 1999 report for the Institute of Medicine , adverse drug reactions ( ADRs ) are the fourth leading cause of death in the United States and more than two million serious reactions occur every year .
ADRs can occur for a number of reasons , including improper prescribed dosage , drug abuse and drug interactions .
Light 's analysis identifies the organizational foundations of patient risk from prescription drugs and suggests institutional reforms to help avoid or reduce future drug disasters .
According to Light , rather than using current approved drugs as benchmarks of efficacy , the existing testing system evaluates the effectiveness of new drugs based on their effects compared to placebos .
Systematic reviews indicate that one in seven new drugs is superior to existing drugs , but two in every seven new drugs result in side effects serious enough for action by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , including black box warnings , adverse reaction warnings , or even withdrawal of the drug .
Based on this system , Light asserts that new drugs are twice as likely to harm patients as to provide them with benefits superior to existing drugs .
Light 's analysis suggests another flaw lies within the design of clinical trials .
He contends that pharmaceutical companies frequently design their trails to minimize evidence of toxic side effects .
To do so , they sample from a healthier population atypical of patients who will actually take the drug , excluding people who are older , poorer or who have multiple health problems .
Trials are run long enough to pick up main effects but not to detect some long term side effects .
Approvals are based on these data ; so drugs with harmful effects sometimes get through .
" Based on our current system , the designation of ' safe and effective ' on today 's new drugs could be replaced with , ' apparently safe based on incomplete information , and more effective than a placebo , ' " Light said .
With regard to government oversight , Light cites serious under- funding of the FDA , which creates a dependency on the pharmaceutical industry — the industry FDA regulates — to pay its staff .
In return for drug company funding , Light says , the industry expects faster reviews , but faster reviews potentially fail to identify serious long - term side effects .
" Speed - up reviews for safety have more than tripled the number of ' black box warnings ' of side effects or withdrawals after drugs are on the market , " Light said .
" Despite recent reforms to strengthen the FDA 's role in protecting the public from harmful drugs , the harm - benefit ratio is worsening due to these reviews and relaxed rules that allow companies to promote drugs for unapproved uses . "
The paper , " Institutional Foundations of the Vioxx Disaster , " will be presented on Sunday , Aug. 3 , at 2:30 p.m. in the Sheraton Boston at the American Sociological Association 's 103rd annual meeting .
Light will identify eight institutional foundations for future drug disasters , and will suggest multiple reforms to improve the U.S. drug approval system .
Perhaps it 's an obvious statement , but when you leave a door open , a burglar is will walk in .
What do I mean by that ?
Take the internet , which has - up until recently - been an open door .
There 's been little monitoring in terms of bandwidth usage , which has resulted in the proliferation of torrents for music and video piracy .
While I 'm not advocating for or against piracy of music and videos , what I 'm pointing out here is that when bandwidth is - for the most part - unmonitored , limitless , and endless , it will be abused .
In lieu of Comcast putting a 250gig cap on downloads , I was talking with a friend of mine about our respective internet usages .
He told me that he monitored the amount of downloading he did in a single month , and it was just under the cap .
This astounded me , because I for one had felt that 250 gigs was more than enough for anyone .
My own internet usage probably comprises of about 3 - 4 gigs worth , and is mostly emailing , some internet surfing of sites that do n't demand much bandwidth , and the occasionaly streaming of online content .
My friend , however , who uses a VoIP phone , streams videos to his NetFlix box , downloads videos on his Xbox , plays multiplayer games on both his Xbox and PC , as well as downloading podcasts , has to worry about this cap .
Prior to caps , there was no need for worry and people freely used as much bandwidth as they could get away with - and occasionaly faced an angry letter from ISPs .
Low bandwidth users like myself would seldom notice degradation in internet speeds , but every once in a while , if you had the right kind of neighbors , your internet could be brought to painfully slow speeds - and not the speeds you were paying for .
A wireless world - whether internet , or wireless electricity that would achieve the Tesla dream , that goes unmonitored would be quickly abused .
Particularly if there was no way to put a cap on usage , there would be no reason for people to ever turn off their lightbulbs , worry about leaving the stove on - and the concept of wasting electricity would be lost on us .
Currently , it 's the cost per Watt that causes us to be mindful of electric consumption .
Some may claim it's for environmental reasons , but frankly if electricity were cheaper , people would care much less .
Imagine if it were free .
Not only would one have to worry about using more electricity than their neighbours ( and potentially causing their neighbors to have less electricity as a result , in an analogy similar to the internet ) but the demand for electricity would spike .
Scientists , and theorists may claim we 'd live in a world of far greater technology had we listened more to Tesla .
But when you consider how long it 's been for us to become energy conscious , particularly concerning the environment - and have yet to come up with renewable solutions to our energy problems , I think the only possible world we would live in is one in which all our natural resources would have been extinguished .
When it comes to electricity , I think it was a wise move to have it trickle out slowly to the world through the means of wires , than to have it rush out in ways we could not control .
The suit is the uniform of the working professional .
Suits are worn every day in a variety of business settings , causing them to become dirty , wrinkled , and occasionally even coffee - stained .
Who has not wished their suit could be easily washed without having to take it to the dry cleaner 's ?
Now a new suit has hit the market that takes care of just this problem .
The Shower Clean Suit can be washed in warm water from the shower , does not require ironing , and maintains a sharp crease in the trousers .
Wash as You Shower
The Shower Clean Suit is produced by menswear maker Konaka Co .
The company uses a special blend of wool and high technology to create what it is touting as a world first in business attire .
Konaka developers first hit upon the idea when they were trying to come up with a way to keep suits perpetually clean and fresh .
" Would n't it be nice if you could just wash the suit when you take a shower , " they thought .
This was easier said than done , however .
They first had to come up with a material that would allow dirt to be rinsed off .
The design team focused on using wool , since dirt does not easily penetrate wool fibers .
In addition , they managed to blend the wool with water - soluble fibers .
After being sewn together , the suit is soaked with water , causing the water - soluble fibers to dissolve .
This creates a material made up of wool fibers and tiny hollow cavities .
Thus water is able to pass easily between the fibers , taking any dirt along with it .
What is more , the material is very breathable and exceptionally lightweight .
Preventing Wrinkles with a Natural Amino Acid
Even if a suit is clean , it can not be worn in business situations if it is covered in wrinkles .
To keep the suits looking stylish without the need for ironing , Konaka applies an anti-wrinkle process using the natural amino acid L - cysteine , a substance found in hair , skin , and fingernails .
The suits do not shrink after washing and are said to last approximately as long as ordinary suits , even if subjected to daily washings .
And not only are the suits functional , Konaka has also made them fashionable by employing well known designers .
Prices for men's and women 's Shower Clean Suits start at ¥ 51,450 ( about $ 468 at ¥ 110 to the dollar ) and ¥ 29,400 ( about $ 267 ) , respectively .
Although they have only just gone on sale , potential customers overseas , as well as in Japan , are already expressing interest .
Ready in the Morning After a Quick Shower
Sweat stains and odors , dust , pollen , food stains , and wrinkles can all be washed away in the shower , although grease stains may prove more resistant .
Washing one of the suits is a snap : simply turn the jacket and pants inside out and place them on a hanger .
Shower them thoroughly with warm water ( about 40 degrees Celsius ) for two to three minutes , turn them right side out and repeat the process .
If the suit is still dirty , rub some bath soap on and rinse once again .
That is all there is to it !
There is no need for chemical - based cleansers , so the suit is environmentally friendly .
To dry , simply wait one to two hours for excess water to drip away , then hang the suit in a shady , well - ventilated spot .
After about six hours , the suit should be completely dry and ready to wear .
Perhaps Konaka 's new suit will usher in a new lifestyle , one in which businesspeople wash their suits in their evening shower and wear them clean again the next morning .
( July , 2008 )
The British government is to data protection as Hurricane Katrina was to New Orleans property values .
In the past we have covered the loss of data , including bank details , for 25 million people , and government intelligence documents seem to repeatedly get left on trains or in bars .
Now , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has announced that a memory stick containing information on thousands of individuals in the criminal justice system has also gone walkabout .
I 'd be lying if I said the UK has a good record when it comes to government IT projects .
Each time a minister gets a bright idea about using technology to help streamline bureaucracy , the end result is a multibillion - pound transfer of wealth from taxpayers to management consultants , who then spend years overspending , overpromising , and under - delivering .
Last time around , the data loss involved someone making a copy of data they were n't supposed to , and then mailing it to another department .
This time round , a consultant for PA Consulting copied files containing records on all 84,000 prisoners in England and Wales onto a USB drive , which then got lost .
The government does actually have rather strict rules about how such data should be stored and managed , and downloading it from secure servers onto thumbdrives or CDs is n't allowed , but the fact that it keeps happening suggests that either no one is paying attention , or that the procedures for handling sensitive data are n't working .
If I were still a UK resident , I 'd be feeling even less happy about the impending introduction of biometric ID cards .
Despite repeated assurances that the cards will be tamperproof , I think it 's obvious to anyone other than a Labour minister that they 're only going to make ID theft even simpler than it already is .
Meanwhile , opposition politicians are calling for heads to roll .
Just one more woe for an increasingly beleaguered government .
Some of the greatest fortunes and empires in history were created by people who started with nothing .
Today , we celebrate 25 of these iconic figures – businessmen , technology entrepreneurs , even celebrities and athletes – by recalling the tales of their rise to glory .
Do n’t feel bad if your favorites are n’t on the list , this is just a glimpse of the many visionaries we ’ve seen throughout history and there are countless others who also deserve attention .
While each of them took a slightly different path to financial greatness , virtually all of them started from very humble beginnings .
Here they are in no particular order :
1. Henry Ford
It ’s tough to think of a man who carried the torch of business further than Henry Ford .
Ford became famous for pioneering the assembly line and in the process , becoming the first man to successfully mass produce automobiles .
Amazingly , Ford jump started the Ford Motor company with virtually none of his own money .
As ‘ Venture Capital Sources ’ explains , Ford “ raised a nominal sum of money from friends for initial working capital purposes .
He then proceeded to cleverly negotiate deals with his suppliers that let him purchase parts on credit .
This in turn motivated him to sell his cars quickly – at a profit – so as to repay his suppliers .
After years of diligently reinvesting those profits back into the business , Ford Motor was an industrial giant – and its creator was forever immortalized as a business legend .
Advantages of Microgaming Casinos
Why do so many players choose Microgaming ?
This is one name that you wo n’t miss as a newbie on gaming online .
In Microgaming casinos players are happy and there are many reasons for this .
This company has worked on improving everything about their games and structure to ensure that players get a safe and cool gaming environment .
These are also international casinos where people who speak different languages get to feel like one big family .
High Quality
Little compares to the quality you get with this casino brand .
The best Microgaming casinos can present you with games that have a smooth flow , amazing effects and also easy navigation .
If you are a new player you appreciate how easy it is to find out how the rules work , and if you are a season gamer , you will enjoy the great variety .
You will be able to play instant games through your browser or download the casino software to your computer .
The Best Games
This can be argued about , but many feel that Microgaming stands behind some of the very best games that you can find online .
It is true that they have some of the most popular slots but moreover , they also provide every thinkable game .
This means that you will find any table game , lottery game , slots and video pokers within the casino powered by Microgaming .
The games are developed to make the gaming an adventure with cool themes and big jackpots to win .
Big Jackpots
Talking about big jackpots , this is something that you can count on when you are playing in the best Microgaming casino .
There are plenty of progressive games where the jackpots reach amazing sums .
If you should win one of these your life will change !
Even the set jackpots are of reasonable size .
You can never count on winning a jackpot but you can count on having fair chances to do so .
A Microgaming casino will have an eCOGRA stamp which means that their random number generators are tested so that you can trust the results .
This is very important when you are looking for lucrative gaming online .
Support when you need it
Another advantage of playing in casinos powered by Microgaming is that they can provide you with excellent support .
If you need the support by phone you should be able to get it .
Many times the support team offers many different languages so that you can ask and get questions in the language you are the most comfortable with .
You will also find chat functions that will make it easy to get fast answers in the casino that you choose to play in .
The Best Promotions
Again , something that can be discussed , but know that casinos from Microgaming have many interesting promotions to offer you .
It all starts with the welcome bonus and continues with many lucrative deals .
If you want to find the best Microgaming casinos and see their bonuses you need to follow casino news online and also be a member of a good gaming forum .
This should keep you up to date and ensure that you are in the Microgaming casino when the fun starts .
Bonuses in Credit Card Casinos
Online casino gamers are always looking for new ways to increase the odds … in their favor , of course .
It is important to bear in mind that most people who game online do so for two main reasons .
Of course the promise of fabulous wealth that is held out by those seven figure jackpots is a major draw but , let ’s face it , online gamers also keep coming back for the sheer pleasure and excitement of the game itself .
The generous bonuses offered by most credit card casinos will satisfy both of these desires .
Cash bonuses can be used to purchase more gaming time , and free spins or free games will let you continue playing longer , maximizing your enjoyment while increasing your chances to win .
Why Offer Bonuses ?
You might wonder about the wide assortment of bonuses up for grabs in casino gaming websites these days .
You do n’t get anything for nothing is a truism , and it actually applies in this case .
The point is that the credit card casinos on the Net need you .
There is so much competition that they are willing to woo your patronage with bonuses and freebies .
Why not take advantage of all this favorable attention and boost your playing power – and your bank account ?
It pays to shop around for casinos you like , with the games you want , and then pick and choose based on the amount and quality of bonuses .
It will be a win - win situation for both you and the casino you eventually decide to patronize .
Welcome Bonuses
Online casinos all tend to advertise similar types of bonuses .
One of the most common is called the newcomer bonus .
This can be in the form of a match bonus , where the house “ matches ” a player ’s original deposit with an equivalent amount – or sometimes even two or three times that sum .
No - deposit bonuses , also known as “ no - risk ” bonuses , allow a player the opportunity to try his hand at gaming while essentially using the house ’s money , before he commits any of his own funds .
Of special interest is the fact that some casinos offer a special chunk of no - deposit cash to gamers who are registered to pay by credit card .
Note that all the bonuses described here usually come with a minimum wagering requirement .
Finding the Best Bonuses
As mentioned previously , the amount of bonus money and freebies available can vary considerably according to the individual casino .
If you want to look and compare , just use the Internet .
Your best friend will be the online casino review sites which specialize in publicizing all the possible bonuses out there .
( Amazingly enough , some of the review sites themselves also offer bonuses , just for subscribing to their e-newsletter ! )
Check out the information carefully , to make sure you are getting the most for your gaming dollar .
Less than 15 hours after he made his closing remarks in the first presidential debate , Democrat Barack Obama gave his first post - debate interview when he and running mate Joe Biden sat down with MTV News following a campaign stop in Greensboro , North Carolina .
The discussion ran the gamut from Biden to Kanye West , but Obama seemed most eager to dissect Friday night 's often - testy debate with Republican nominee John McCain , specifically McCain 's repeated assertions that his experience makes him the stronger candidate and that Obama " just does n't understand " the complexities of issues like foreign policy and the economy .
" I do n't get taken aback by that kind of stuff .
The problem was , every time he said it , when he tried to follow it up with an actual statement about policy or his positions about what it was he presumably understood or did ' get , ' it did n't make much sense , " Obama told MTV News ' Sway Calloway .
" If you look at Iraq , for example , the question was asked , ' What lessons have you learned ? ' and his lesson was ' Well , we should just stay . '
Well , that 's not a policy .
...
The question was ' Should we have gone ? '
" He says that because he does n't have a record to defend himself .
We 've become accustomed in our politics to folks just being able to make stuff up — it 's one of the few areas of public life where the standards somehow are lowered in terms of what you say about other people , " he continued .
" For example , he suggested that I 'm talking about raising everybody 's taxes , when every analyst has shown I 'm actually calling for a tax cut for 95 percent of [ American ] families . "
He also took issue with a just - released McCain campaign commercial , which made pointed reference to the number of times Obama agreed with the Arizona senator 's comments during the debate : " I do n't assume the American public are passive consumers , watching these things going , ' Oh , John McCain runs an ad , so I guess it must be true . '
If that were the case , we 'd already be losing . "
Obama also addressed a recent New York Times story that pointed out " dubious claims " in some of his own campaign ads .
" The truth is , we put out tons of ads , and there have been two or three times where we 've slipped beneath my standards , where it was kind of a stretch .
And when that happens , I tell my team , ' Pull it down , ' " he said .
" In this kind of thing — where it 's a fierce competition — it 's not going to be perfect . [ But ]
I think generally people will take a look at how we 've run this campaign , and people will say , ' This is someone who has been positive , who 's been factual and who 's been trying to promote the core ideal that we need to change our economic policies so that we have prosperity not just at the top , but in the middle of America . ' "
And to that point , Obama said he was n't outwardly concerned with who actually won last night 's debate ( though , when pressed , he admitted that he has data that says he did ) , but rather that the issues would n't get lost in the post - debate cloud , saying that , oftentimes , the media get too focused on who won instead of what 's really important to the American people : " What did each candidate say ? "
" I think the pundits and the press , you guys are looking at tactics .
What the American people are looking at is they might lose their job ... they might lose their house , " he said .
" And I could cite all the polls that showed the overwhelming number of people who watched [ the debate ] thought I won ... but even that 's not actually relevant .
What 's relevant is the substance of this thing , which is people out there are hurting , and John McCain has promoted the same policies of George Bush , and people know they 're not working .
They understand we can't continue four more years of doing the same thing . "
MORE FROM THIS INTERVIEW
Hemsidan för Stor Prioratet av MOC ( Military Order of the Collar of Saint Agatha of Paternò ) vill sprida kunskap om Aragoniens , Mallorcas och Siciliens kungahus och den internationella hjälpverksamhet de i dag bedriver .
Hit hör bl.a .
Vitrysslands barnsjukhus , som hjälper de barn som fick leukemi efter Tjernobyl - katastrofen , och en skola för blinda pojkar i Delhi , Indien .
Det nordiska Stor Prioratet stöder särskilt byggandet av en ny förskola i Barra , Gambia och Katolska Domkyrkans Öppet Hus-verksamhet i Stockholm .
Den kungliga dynastin regerade förr över de länder som tillhörde Aragoniens krona , vilket under olika tidsperioder innefattade själva Aragonien , Katalonien , Valencia , Baleariska Öarna , Sicilien , Sardinien och delar av södra Italien , Provence och delar av sydvästra Frankrike , och även Aten och Neopatras i Grekland .
Riddare och ledamöter av MOC anser att ridderskapets kvaliteter i vår tid består inte främst i att följa gamla sedvänjor relaterade till diverse tvistefrågor , utan i att stödja och hjälpa behövande individer och samhällen oavsett tro , ras och nationalitet .
Överhuvud för Aragoniens kungahus är Hans Kungliga Höghet don Francesco , prins av Emmanuel och hertig av Perpignan , som tillträdde huvudmannaskapet 10/3 1996 då hans far HKH don Roberto av personliga skäl abdikerade .
Angående MOC:s och kungahusets historia historia hänvisas till följande utlåtande av professor Dick Harrison .
Angående MOC:s ställning som erkänd Orden hänvisas till följande utlåtande av professor Gunnar Bramstång , och avseende successionen i kungahuset till hans utlåtande om familjepakten .
Angående huvudmannens folkrättsliga ställning hänvisas till följande utlåtande av professor Jacob Sundberg .
Angående bärandet av MOC:s insignier i paritet med statliga ordnar hänvisas till följande utlåtande av ambassadören och förre Protokollchefen på Utrikesdepartementet H.E. Karin Ehnbom - Palmquist , samt följande utlåtande av den bulgariske ordensexperten professor Todor Petrov .
MOC är inte en katolsk utan en dynastisk Orden , men har långvariga , nära och oupplösliga band med Katolska Kyrkan .
Sedan november 2009 åtnjuter MOC nihil obstat från Katolska Kyrkan , både från Stockholms Katolska Stift och ärkestiftet i Catania .
MOC:s säte är kyrkan Sant ’Anna i Catania , som skänktes till H.K.H. don Francesco av ärkebiskopen H.E. Salvatore Gristina för att vara säte för MOC:s verksamhet .
Varje år deltar riddare och damer av MOC i den stora S:ta Agata - festen i Catania för att fira sitt skyddshelgon
Information is also available in English about the Royal House of Aragon , Majorca and Sicily , and the MOC ( Military Order of the Collar of Saint Agatha of Paternò ) .
Katolska Kyrkan betraktar huset Paternó som ett furstehus , vilket syns tydligt i familjens eget kapell i kyrkan Santa Maria de Gesú i Catania , där deras vapensköld är monterad , och i katedralen i Catania är S:ta Agatas relikvarium dekorerat med stora kedjan av MOC .
I kyrkan Sant ’Anna i Catania , som skänktes av ärkebiskopen till MOC:s stormästare , står en skylt uppsatt av ärkebiskopen med tack till “ Real Casa d’Aragona Maiorca e di Sicilia ” .
Ang. relationer med andra furstehus har huset Bourbon Bägge Sicilierna har accepterat MOC som en dynastisk riddarorden .
Förutom dekretet av regerande statschefen H.M. Francesco
II 16/9 1860 , finns ocks å ett dedicerat fotografi av H.M. kung Francesco till don Mario Paternò Castello , dåvarande stormästare for MOC , 24 december 1893 .
Dedikationen lyder “ till käre don Mario Paternò Castello e Guttadauro , prins av Emmanuel suverän stormästare för Ordine del Collare av Paternò .
Tillgivne Francesco . ”
Huset Paternó har nära relationer med furstehuset Biscari , i vars palats MOC har galamiddag i februari varje år .
Huset Paternó är genom äktenskap förenat med huset Savoy , grenen som leds av Amadeus av Aosta .
Portfolio 2020 ( 420 )
日本へのオンラインカジノ 日本へのオンラインカジノ 日本へのオンラインカジ ノ
hoe lang duurt uitbetaling oranje casino hoe lang duurt uitbetaling oranje casino hoe lang duurt uitbetaling oranje casino
oranje casino live blackjack oranje casino live blackjack oranje casino live blackjack
カジノガイド カジノガイド カジノガイ ド
日本のカジノガイド 日本のカジノガイド 日本のカジノガイ ド
日本のオンラインカジノガイド 日本のオンラインカジノガイド 日本のオンラインカジノガイド
Tragamonedasespanolas
If you are interested in an informative online casino website in Spanish click here !
If you are interested in an informative online casino website in Spanish click here !
bono - sin- deposito.es
Online casino website that explains everything you need to need about casino bonuses .
Online casino website that explains everything you need to need about casino bonuses .
williamhill - casino Information about the slots , games , and promotions Spanish players will find at the William hill casino online .
Information about the slots , games , and promotions Spanish players will find at the William hill casino online .
Bethard - Bono Bethard offers players sports betting as well casino with a super easy to use platform !
Bethard offers players sports betting as well casino with a super easy to use platform !
ブラックジャックのガイド ブラックジャックのガイド ブラックジャックのガイ ド
ブラックジャックのゲーム ブラックジャックのゲーム ブラックジャックのゲー ム
スロットガイド スロットガイド スロットガイ ド
online gokautomaten Website about online slots .
The best online slots can be discovered .
Website about online slots .
The best online slots can be discovered .
interclassics maastricht
Site about old cars .
A venue in Maastricht offers the oldest cars in Holland .
Site about old cars .
A venue in Maastricht offers the oldest cars in Holland .
Amsterdam casino Amsterdam casino information website .
Find out more about this popular casino .
Amsterdam casino information website .
Find out more about this popular casino .
tips and tricks online slots
Site about tips and tricks for playing online slots
Site about tips and tricks for playing online slots
jacks casino rotterdam Site about Jacks casinos in the Netherlands .
More specifically in Rotterdam .
Site about Jacks casinos in the Netherlands .
More specifically in Rotterdam .
gokkast gratis online Online slot machines review site which offers accurate information about online slots .
Online slot machines review site which offers accurate information about online slots .
spinia casino review Site reviewing Spinia casino which is one of the most popular casinos in the Netherlands .
Site reviewing Spinia casino which is one of the most popular casinos in the Netherlands .
betchan casino bonussen Site about the best Betchan bonuses .
Learn more about the bonuses they offer .
Site about the best Betchan bonuses .
Learn more about the bonuses they offer .
roulette free website about how to play roulette online .
website about how to play roulette online .
inmerc culitair inmerc is a website giving you cultural information .
inmerc is a website giving you cultural information .
bob casino review bob casino website giving you the best review of this online casino .
bob casino website giving you the best review of this online casino .
information online blackjack online blackjack information website offers you the most accurate information about playing Blackjack online .
online blackjack information website offers you the most accurate information about playing Blackjack online .
no deposit bonus free spins
No deposit bonus and free spins bonuses are being explained on this website .
Be sure to check out the best bonuses around .
No deposit bonus and free spins bonuses are being explained on this website .
Be sure to check out the best bonuses around .
gokautomaten gids gokautomatengids.com is a website that gives you reviews of the best online slot machines in the industry .
gokautomatengids.com is a website that gives you reviews of the best online slot machines in the industry .
jackscasino review Jacks casino review website giving all the information you need !
Jacks casino review website giving all the information you need !
ideal online casinos online - casinos - ideal.nl gives information about the best online casino in the Netherlands that take ideal .
online - casinos - ideal.nl gives information about the best online casino in the Netherlands that take ideal .
turbo casino info Website gives information about Turbo casino which is a very popular casino in the Netherlands .
Website gives information about Turbo casino which is a very popular casino in the Netherlands .
no deposit bonus free spins
No deposit bonuses are very popular among gamblers .
This website explains the bonus in detail .
No deposit bonuses are very popular among gamblers .
This website explains the bonus in detail .
31 gokkasten 31 gokkasten gives an overview of the best online slot machines .
Be sure to check them out .
31 gokkasten gives an overview of the best online slot machines .
Be sure to check them out .
roulette - bonussen
We offer the best information about online roulette bonuses .
We provide all the info you need .
We offer the best information about online roulette bonuses .
We provide all the info you need .
スロットゲーム スロットゲーム スロットゲー ム
日本のオンラインカジノ 日本のオンラインカジノ 日本のオンラインカジ ノ
楽しむ為のパチンコ 楽しむ為のパチンコ 楽しむ為のパチン コ
ピナクル ピナクル ピナク ル
エヴァ エヴァ エヴ ァ
エヴァンゲリオン エヴァンゲリオン エヴァンゲリオ ン
エヴァンゲリオンスロット エヴァンゲリオンスロット エヴァンゲリオンスロッ ト
ブラックジャックのルール ブラックジャックのルール ブラックジャックのルー ル
実際のところオンラインパチスロ 実際のところオンラインパチスロ 実際のところオンラインパチスロ
パチスロとオンラインスロットの違い パチスロとオンラインスロットの違い パチスロとオンラインスロットの違い
オンラインパチンコのカジノ オンラインパチンコのカジノ オンラインパチンコのカジ ノ
Best slot machine / online casino guide
At speelautomatengids.com you get to learn everything you need to know about playing online slots at online casinos .
At speelautomatengids.com you get to learn everything you need to know about playing online slots at online casinos .
Speel Online Gokautomaten voor fun
This website will inform you on the best slot machines available for Dutch players and it will give you an idea at which online casino you can find awesome games .
This website will inform you on the best slot machines available for Dutch players and it will give you an idea at which online casino you can find awesome games .
History of of online casinos
Have a look at different reviews of the best online casinos for Dutch casino players .
Have a look at different reviews of the best online casinos for Dutch casino players .
Bob Casino Bonus & promotions
Get an insight into Bob Casino and find out what bonuses and promotions this casino offers .
Get an insight into Bob Casino and find out what bonuses and promotions this casino offers .
gokautomaten tips and how to play
Find out what different slot machines are available for you and get an idea of which game developer fits best with you .
Find out what different slot machines are available for you and get an idea of which game developer fits best with you .
gokautomaten - gids.com
Get all the steps you must take to choose the best online casino that offers fun games you would enjoy .
Get all the steps you must take to choose the best online casino that offers fun games you would enjoy .
Information about popular slots
Slot machines can be split into different categories .
Find out what category fits best with you !
Slot machines can be split into different categories .
Find out what category fits best with you !
Slot machines at different casinos
Are you interested in finding free slots to try out ?
Read all the slot machines reviews on this website and try them out for free .
Are you interested in finding free slots to try out ?
Read all the slot machines reviews on this website and try them out for free .
the best free online casinos
Have a look at the best free spins , live casinos , and casino bonus information on this website .
Have a look at the best free spins , live casinos , and casino bonus information on this website .
Casino NL online slots
More information about one of the biggest sponsors of Cantilena records .
More information about one of the biggest sponsors of Cantilena records .
casino no deposit bonus Website about starting a no deposit campaign for an online casino .
Website about starting a no deposit campaign for an online casino .
Zpanel has helped free spins no deposit no wager ltd streamline their hosting services
Have a look at free spins no deposit no wager 's testimonial .
Zpanel was a perfect choice .
Have a look at free spins no deposit no wager 's testimonial .
Zpanel was a perfect choice .
www.sfwiggle.com
Free Spins
No deposit no wager Limited sponsored 50 bikes to underprivileged children in San Francisco .
Free Spins
No deposit no wager Limited sponsored 50 bikes to underprivileged children in San Francisco .
Gratis Speelgeld Casino Online Gambling event More information about a gambling event organised for a big Dutch online casino .
More information about a gambling event organised for a big Dutch online casino .
yoga and health schemes at online casinos company More information about health programs at companies .
An online casino company implemented a elaborate yoga health scheme .
More information about health programs at companies .
An online casino company implemented a elaborate yoga health scheme .
online casino spellen mobile iphone campaign
Page with information about a online casino games campaign for an gambling company .
Page with information about a online casino games campaign for an gambling company .
Gokkasten Gaming client at Dimensions Online
Not only is Gokkasten Gaming well known they also won an award in 2019 for ‘ best gaming software developer ’ which made us very proud and we felt like we won a bit as well as we helped them setting up everything online .
Not only is Gokkasten Gaming well known they also won an award in 2019 for ‘ best gaming software developer ’ which made us very proud and we felt like we won a bit as well as we helped them setting up everything online .
Koitime | Quilty Pleasure : My Favorite No Deposit Bonus Casino & Shoes
The online blog about someone who isn& #039;t afraid to tell all about her life .
In this blogpost , she will tell you about her no deposit bonus casinos guilty pleasure and something else ...
The online blog about someone who isn& #039;t afraid to tell all about her life .
In this blogpost , she will tell you about her no deposit bonus casinos guilty pleasure and something else ...
Online Casinos company igaming event Info about a charity event organised by an igaming company .
Info about a charity event organised by an igaming company .
bob casino review paypal information More info about Bob casino .
A very populare Dutch online casino .
More info about Bob casino .
A very populare Dutch online casino .
No Deposit Bonus partnership with Grinnell Place Grinnell Place have offered their services to No Deposit Bonus Ltd. in the past .
They have done different online marketing campaigns , website design and website management .
No Deposit Bonus Ltd. has been a very popular online casino bonuses platform in the Netherlands .
Grinnell Place have offered their services to No Deposit Bonus Ltd. in the past .
They have done different online marketing campaigns , website design and website management .
No Deposit Bonus Ltd. has been a very popular online casino bonuses platform in the Netherlands .
pronto casino main sponsor Pronto casino is the main sponsor of Fotelica .
Read more about it .
Pronto casino is the main sponsor of Fotelica .
Read more about it .
casino reviews from online casino expert Casino reviews from all the best online casinos out there .
Casino reviews from all the best online casinos out there .
No Deposit Bonus Casinos Ltd vs Shareware River
The team of Shareware River also visited the website of No Deposit Bonus Casinos Ltd and they were very impressed by its clear overview and how many options it gave us .
If you have no idea what a no deposit bonus or free spins are it will be a worth while visit .
The team of Shareware River also visited the website of No Deposit Bonus Casinos Ltd and they were very impressed by its clear overview and how many options it gave us .
If you have no idea what a no deposit bonus or free spins are it will be a worth while visit .
Honest casino review of Mr Green MrGreen is one of the most popular casino platforms in the UK – partially due to this intriguing character and the way that Green Gaming has incorporated him into their online casino .
MrGreen is one of the most popular casino platforms in the UK – partially due to this intriguing character and the way that Green Gaming has incorporated him into their online casino .
Is Leo Vegas Legal in the UK ?
Find out whether online casinos like leo vegas operate legally in the UK .
Find out whether online casinos like leo vegas operate legally in the UK .
How the movie industry influences casino slots you can find a plethora of exciting slot games based on blockbuster films for example – some use actual content and imagery , whilst others emulate popular themes and motifs .
you can find a plethora of exciting slot games based on blockbuster films for example – some use actual content and imagery , whilst others emulate popular themes and motifs .
エヴァンゲリオンスロット エヴァンゲリオンスロットの概要について エヴァンゲリオンスロットの概要について
ウィリアムヒルの基礎 ウィリアムヒルの基礎知識について ウィリアムヒルの基礎知識につい て
チェリーカジノ大好きタナカのブログ オンカジ プレイヤーのチェリーカジノについて オンカジ プレイヤーのチェリーカジノについ て
オンラインカジノニュース 速報のオンラインカジノニュースについて 速報のオンラインカジノニュースについて
人気のオンラインスロット 人気のオンラインスロット5 選 人気のオンラインスロット5 選
https://widesmiles.org/gokkasten-a-good-stress-outlet/
It might be a bit of work at the beginning , but it ’s all worth it .
After you find the right portal and then the right casino , you can finally relax .
It might be a bit of work at the beginning , but it ’s all worth it .
After you find the right portal and then the right casino , you can finally relax .
cmloans.com CM
Loans is one of the best loaning companies in the world .
Check and learn more about them .
CM
Loans is one of the best loaning companies in the world .
Check and learn more about them .
No Deposit Bonus BV sponsors annually to KrissyBelle Sponsor page about a company that sponsors Krissy Belle on an annual basis .
Sponsor page about a company that sponsors Krissy Belle on an annual basis .
the capital San Juan More about San Juan which is the capital of Puerto Rico .
More about San Juan which is the capital of Puerto Rico .
Speelautomaten at Cashmio casino .
Fun to play !
Learn more about playing online slot machines for free at Cashmio casino .
Learn more about playing online slot machines for free at Cashmio casino .
The Interclassics Gokkasten BV Interclassics Slots is a subsidiary of Interclassics Maastricht and supplies slots to various online casinos in the Netherlands and Belgium .
The company takes care of the entire process , from the development of online casino games to installing the software at online casinos .
Interclassics Slots is a subsidiary of Interclassics Maastricht and supplies slots to various online casinos in the Netherlands and Belgium .
The company takes care of the entire process , from the development of online casino games to installing the software at online casinos .
Gokken op Gratis Gokkasten by KVV - Webdesign Gokken Op Gratis Gokkasten is a company based in the Netherlands that KVV - Webdesign have completed various projects for in the past , and they continue to support to this day Gokken Op Gratis Gokkasten is a company based in the Netherlands that KVV - Webdesign have completed various projects for in the past , and they continue to support to this day
Gokkasten bv gives back to the society
This all took place in 2015 and Gokkasten BV has been sponsoring Nsaie very successfully ever since .
Thanks to this iGaming company , we have seen many of our members light up .
This all took place in 2015 and Gokkasten BV has been sponsoring Nsaie very successfully ever since .
Thanks to this iGaming company , we have seen many of our members light up .
Gokkasten entertainment provided by Dandelion Hotel Scandinavians love to take a gamble , especially in the online casino .
It is not for nothing that the majority of European gambling companies are owned by the Swedes .
So make sure you get the complete Scandinavian experience and take a gamble .
Scandinavians love to take a gamble , especially in the online casino .
It is not for nothing that the majority of European gambling companies are owned by the Swedes .
So make sure you get the complete Scandinavian experience and take a gamble .
win wine online Superb casino competition that anyone can enter – the prize ?
Read on to find out !
Superb casino competition that anyone can enter – the prize ?
Read on to find out !
MrGreen Website design
We have a long history of creating high quality visual content for online companies .
We have a long history of creating high quality visual content for online companies .
Casumo bonus info Casumo casino offers great casino bonuses compared to other online casinos in the UK and across Europe .
Casumo casino offers great casino bonuses compared to other online casinos in the UK and across Europe .
Try out your luck in our new LeoVegas casino gambling room we have friends who work in the online casino industry , therefore we thought it would be a fantastic idea to reach out to them , and create a casino inspired entertainment room !
we have friends who work in the online casino industry , therefore we thought it would be a fantastic idea to reach out to them , and create a casino inspired entertainment room !
website design newcastle At Website Design Newcastle we are proud to work with a range of high - profile clients in the online casino industry .
At Website Design Newcastle we are proud to work with a range of high - profile clients in the online casino industry .
spinia online casino website Learn more about Spinia online casino .
Read more about their website and how it was developed .
Learn more about Spinia online casino .
Read more about their website and how it was developed .
gokkasten BV is one our main sponsors
Find out more about gokkasten BV which is one of our biggest sponsors .
Find out more about gokkasten BV which is one of our biggest sponsors .
fruitmachines gratis bvba Sowecsom
More information about fruitmachines gratis bvba .
One of our new companies .
More information about fruitmachines gratis bvba .
One of our new companies .
TLCTX clients Learn more about our clients and what we do for them ?
Learn more about our clients and what we do for them ?
Beeldzicht.nl explains how to play your favourite slots
If you have played at a casino before , you ’ll probably know that there is an option to try the games in demo mode .
When you choose to do this , you ’ll be awarded some play money that allows you to test the game or games of your choice .
If you have played at a casino before , you ’ll probably know that there is an option to try the games in demo mode .
When you choose to do this , you ’ll be awarded some play money that allows you to test the game or games of your choice .
LeoVegas Collab
At Squashy Studios we are continually looking to expand our repertoire and produce fantastic new casino games .
At Squashy Studios we are continually looking to expand our repertoire and produce fantastic new casino games .
Betsson Casino Slots Betsson Casino is an online gambling platform with an incredible amount of slots available for you to try out !
Betsson Casino is an online gambling platform with an incredible amount of slots available for you to try out !
Best Online Casinos in the Netherlands Find out more information about the best online casinos in the Netherlands .
Find out more information about the best online casinos in the Netherlands .
no deposit casino bonus More information about no deposit casino bonuses .
Find out which casinos are offering these bonuses .
More information about no deposit casino bonuses .
Find out which casinos are offering these bonuses .
Gokkasten Online Entertainment
As the United Arab Emirates are Muslim , some forms of entertainment that we are used to .
If you like to play slot machines and live in or travel to one of the emirates , you can always try online slots .
As the United Arab Emirates are Muslim , some forms of entertainment that we are used to .
If you like to play slot machines and live in or travel to one of the emirates , you can always try online slots .
A No Deposit Bonus from Cris-Inst
Most of the times , if you want to receive a no deposit bonus , you have to search for it .
The reason for it is that most of these bonuses are offered by casino portals .
Most of the times , if you want to receive a no deposit bonus , you have to search for it .
The reason for it is that most of these bonuses are offered by casino portals .
Get to know speel gokkasten on Bubbles Sieraden The Dutch company Speel Gokkasten has agreed to partner up with me after seeing my last post on Oranje Casino .
Yay !
I was literally jumping up and down for fifteen minutes after hearing the news and have been feeling on top of the world ever since .
The Dutch company Speel Gokkasten has agreed to partner up with me after seeing my last post on Oranje Casino .
Yay !
I was literally jumping up and down for fifteen minutes after hearing the news and have been feeling on top of the world ever since .
Play poker on online gambling on mobile and Tesla cars .
The legal status of poker and online gaming makes money .
In China it is clear , which is the reason for wanting to design gambling methods with updates .
The legal status of poker and online gaming makes money .
In China it is clear , which is the reason for wanting to design gambling methods with updates .
tragaperras online ltd becomes more sustainable I ’m happy to work with platforms that are doing their part to help those who need it most .
I can continue doing what I love , knowing that the companies I work for are operating responsibly and sustainably .
I ’m happy to work with platforms that are doing their part to help those who need it most .
I can continue doing what I love , knowing that the companies I work for are operating responsibly and sustainably .
Online Casinos spelen hobby
Find out more about playing online casinos as a hobby .
Find out more about playing online casinos as a hobby .
Online Slot Machine Guide Netent Learn more about the slots NetEnt has to offer .
Learn more about the slots NetEnt has to offer .
Turbo casino review More information about Turbo casino .
Which bonuses are there on offer .
More information about Turbo casino .
Which bonuses are there on offer .
Holland casino review and bonus Holland casino review .
Find out more about the most popular casino in Holland .
Holland casino review .
Find out more about the most popular casino in Holland .
Dutch online scratch cards
More information about scratch cards .
Where to play them online and how to play them .
More information about scratch cards .
Where to play them online and how to play them .
Unibet casino no deposit bonuses
More information about what kind of no deposit bonuses Unibet casino has to offer .
More information about what kind of no deposit bonuses Unibet casino has to offer .
Betamo casino review onlinekraslotenbonus.nl
Learn more about Betamo casino .
One of the biggest online casinos in the Netherlands .
Learn more about Betamo casino .
One of the biggest online casinos in the Netherlands .
Vikings videoslot machine Vikings slot machine review .
Find out more about the features of this state of the art slot machine .
Vikings slot machine review .
Find out more about the features of this state of the art slot machine .
Casino games and tables holland casino More information about the different games offered by Holland casino .
More information about the different games offered by Holland casino .
free online slot machines
Free slot machines to play at online casinos .
Free slot machines to play at online casinos .
free spins turbo casino bonus Learn more about the free spins Turbo casino is offering .
Learn more about the free spins Turbo casino is offering .
best online casinos videoslots
More info about best online casinos and video slots .
More info about best online casinos and video slots .
krasloten31.nl
More information about playing online scratch cards at online casinos .
More information about playing online scratch cards at online casinos .
fruit case online slot machine review Fruit case review .
Fruit case is an online slot machine that is very popular .
Fruit case review .
Fruit case is an online slot machine that is very popular .
Arabian nights slot machine review Review of Arabian nights online casino slot .
Very popular in the Netherlands .
Review of Arabian nights online casino slot .
Very popular in the Netherlands .
Bob casino information More information about Bob casino .
More information about Bob casino .
Online casinos slot machines
More information about online casinos .
More information about online casinos .
betamobonussen.nl Information about Betamo bonuses .
Clear review about Betamo online casino .
Information about Betamo bonuses .
Clear review about Betamo online casino .
Wild Toro slot machine review Review about the online slot Wild Toro .
Learn more about this very popular slot .
Review about the online slot Wild Toro .
Learn more about this very popular slot .
Pronto casino bonus Learn more about the Pronto casino bonuses via our website .
Learn more about the Pronto casino bonuses via our website .
まどマギスロットを徹底解説 まどマギスロットの専門ブログサイト まどマギスロットの専門ブログサイト
エヴァンゲリオンスロット徹底解説 エヴァンゲリオンスロットの専門ブログサイト
エヴァンゲリオンスロットの専門ブログサイト
パチスロのヱヴァンゲリヲ ンAT777を解説 パチスロ好きのブロガーがエヴァンゲリオンAT777を徹底解説しているサイト
パチスロ好きのブロガーがエヴァンゲリオンAT777を徹底解説しているサイト
初心者のためのオンラインカジノサイト オンカジ経験者が自分の体験を綴ったサイト
オンカジ経験者が自分の体験を綴ったサイト
オンラインカジノでルーレットを楽しもう ルーレットが大好きなブロガーが初心者向きにどうやって遊べば面白いかを書いたサイト
ルーレットが大好きなブロガーが初心者向きにどうやって遊べば面白いかを書いたサイト
1xBet cricket betting Cricket is a hugely popular sport in India .
Many sports betting sites will give interesting bonuses to Indian bettors upon registration .
But 1xBet is probably the best of them .
Join 1xBet and get extra bonuses by placing bets on Indian cricket events !
Cricket is a hugely popular sport in India .
Many sports betting sites will give interesting bonuses to Indian bettors upon registration .
But 1xBet is probably the best of them .
Join 1xBet and get extra bonuses by placing bets on Indian cricket events !
1xBet sports betting Time has come for India to place online bets on a wide array of sports events .
Join 1xBet India now to enjoy an unparalleled experience in the universe of sports betting .
Bet on your favorite sports events and win big with awesome bonuses !
Time has come for India to place online bets on a wide array of sports events .
Join 1xBet India now to enjoy an unparalleled experience in the universe of sports betting .
Bet on your favorite sports events and win big with awesome bonuses !
1xBet loyalty bonus
At 1xBet , the more you play , the more you get rewarded .
Keep collecting loyalty points to climb up the VIP ladder and seize exceptional prizes in return .
Register now and make your way through 1x
Bet 's loyalty program for Indian players !
At 1xBet , the more you play , the more you get rewarded .
Keep collecting loyalty points to climb up the VIP ladder and seize exceptional prizes in return .
Register now and make your way through 1x
Bet 's loyalty program for Indian players !
1xBet promo codes and casino bonuses Bonuses are extremely important for all Indian players .
Consult our website to know more about all the promo codes you can use to activate bonuses at 1xBet .
You may use the bonuses ' amounts to play online casino and bet on sporting events .
Bonuses are extremely important for all Indian players .
Consult our website to know more about all the promo codes you can use to activate bonuses at 1xBet .
You may use the bonuses ' amounts to play online casino and bet on sporting events .
Fruitautomaten NV Congrex NL More about the Fruitautomaten NV event organised by Congrex .
More about the Fruitautomaten NV event organised by Congrex .
video slot Aloha Cluster Aloha cluster pays slot review .
Find out more .
Aloha cluster pays slot review .
Find out more .
First online casino customer blog story
Blog story about the first online casino customer ever received by the company .
Blog story about the first online casino customer ever received by the company .
pla2 - lsu marketing campaign
At Pla2 Lsu we pride ourselves on providing exceptional marketing for online companies .
At Pla2 Lsu we pride ourselves on providing exceptional marketing for online companies .
Online Casino Slots Casumo At Game Kingdom , we want you to have the best online gaming experience available .
At Game Kingdom , we want you to have the best online gaming experience available .
The thrill of online gambling Mr Green offers exclusive games and slots that are only available on their platform .
Mr Green offers exclusive games and slots that are only available on their platform .
web design solutions for leovegas casino At Wixo we are proud to work with a plethora of fantastic clients .
We take new clients from any industry , but we have specialized in recent years in the online casino industry .
At Wixo we are proud to work with a plethora of fantastic clients .
We take new clients from any industry , but we have specialized in recent years in the online casino industry .
LeoVegas casino
As freelance web designers , we continually look for inspiration .
We have to keep our skills up to date and learn about the latest trends – it can be tough staying on top of things !
As freelance web designers , we continually look for inspiration .
We have to keep our skills up to date and learn about the latest trends – it can be tough staying on top of things !
Gambling platform Leo Vegas
We work exclusively with the online casino industry .
We have worked with various platforms including Leo Vegas to improve website traffic .
We work exclusively with the online casino industry .
We have worked with various platforms including Leo Vegas to improve website traffic .
Leo Vegas casino website design
At Webbizetc we love to analyze current web design trends to gain inspiration .
The world of web design is continually changing .
We must , therefore , stay up to date with design trends , and keep afoot of the latest ideas .
At Webbizetc we love to analyze current web design trends to gain inspiration .
The world of web design is continually changing .
We must , therefore , stay up to date with design trends , and keep afoot of the latest ideas .
Betsson online
At Mmfoa we love to look at online casino trends and see what different websites have to offer .
One gambling platform we have taken an interest in recently is Betsson Slots .
At Mmfoa we love to look at online casino trends and see what different websites have to offer .
One gambling platform we have taken an interest in recently is Betsson Slots .
No deposit bonus at Indian casinos Visit our website to know more about the best way to find the most lucrative no -deposit bonuses among all the Indian online casinos .
You will know how to claim them , what bonus codes you need to insert and what conditions you need to stick to .
Visit our website to know more about the best way to find the most lucrative no -deposit bonuses among all the Indian online casinos .
You will know how to claim them , what bonus codes you need to insert and what conditions you need to stick to .
pronto casino review slot tavern Pronto casino review at Slot Tavern .
Be sure to read up about one of the best online casinos in Holland .
Pronto casino review at Slot Tavern .
Be sure to read up about one of the best online casinos in Holland .
Best Microgaming slots in India Microgaming is one of the best slots providers ever !
Visit our website to know more about Microgaming games such as Immortal Romance , Mega Moolah or Avalon II .
Microgaming is one of the best slots providers ever !
Visit our website to know more about Microgaming games such as Immortal Romance , Mega Moolah or Avalon II .
How to play roulette in India Roulette is among the most popular casino games of the planet , and especially in India .
But do you know how to play it properly ?
Visit our website to be fully acquainted with the rules and strategies of online roulette .
Roulette is among the most popular casino games of the planet , and especially in India .
But do you know how to play it properly ?
Visit our website to be fully acquainted with the rules and strategies of online roulette .
boulder online casino nutribac
Find out more about boulder online casino .
Read our client story here .
Find out more about boulder online casino .
Read our client story here .
bmfit.nl Learn more about how to get and stay fit .
Learn more about how to get and stay fit .
Online slot machines blog story Dancing with having the most fun slot machines in mind .
Dancing with having the most fun slot machines in mind .
scratch card bonuses online casinos
Find out more about bonuses being used for online scratch cards .
Find out more about bonuses being used for online scratch cards .
online casino review Pronto Learn more about Pronto casino .
One of the biggest online casinos in Holland .
Learn more about Pronto casino .
One of the biggest online casinos in Holland .
mobile casinos in the Netherlands Find out more about the best online mobile casinos in Holland .
Find out more about the best online mobile casinos in Holland .
Pronto casino bonuses Learn more about all the bonuses Pronto casino has to offer .
Learn more about all the bonuses Pronto casino has to offer .
gratisfruitautomatenspelen.nl
Info about free online slot machines .
Info about free online slot machines .
Live online casino information Live casino information .
Learn more about how to play at an online live casino .
Live casino information .
Learn more about how to play at an online live casino .
Pronto casino online slots Information about Pronto casino online slots .
Information about Pronto casino online slots .
pronto - casino.online Pronto casino online information can be found here .
Pronto casino online information can be found here .
Sophia Van Rijn Blog Personal blog with a lot of personal stories of Sophia .
A woman from Holland .
Personal blog with a lot of personal stories of Sophia .
A woman from Holland .
Custom casino website design for Free Spins No Deposit No Wager Online gambling is a unique industry to be a part of , and figuring out the correct formulas to retain customers requires an expert opinion .
When Free Spins No Deposit No Wager contacted us asking for help , we were confident that we would be able to help improve their website .
Online gambling is a unique industry to be a part of , and figuring out the correct formulas to retain customers requires an expert opinion .
When Free Spins No Deposit No Wager contacted us asking for help , we were confident that we would be able to help improve their website .
Will casino movies be based on online casinos ?
– Interview with Karamba Casino
It ’s no secret that some of the world ’s most beloved action movies have casino settings — think Ocean ’s Eleven , 21 , and Casino Royale
It ’s no secret that some of the world ’s most beloved action movies have casino settings — think Ocean ’s Eleven , 21 , and Casino Royale
Information about free spins
On this website , you will be able to find recent information about free spins .
On this website , you will be able to find recent information about free spins .
online gambling pronto casino More information about Pronto casino .
More information about Pronto casino .
magnoliasifaintanti.eu
Business and life blog .
Business and life blog .
topgids .be
More information about top guide .
The best guide on the internet .
More information about top guide .
The best guide on the internet .
suggestlinkadd.com
Learn more about search engine optimization .
Learn more about search engine optimization .
No deposit bonus for Indian players
Even though no deposit bonuses are very rare , they come in various formats .
Visit our website to know more about the different types of no deposit bonuses ( hard cash , free spins ... ) you may find in Indian casino sites .
Even though no deposit bonuses are very rare , they come in various formats .
Visit our website to know more about the different types of no deposit bonuses ( hard cash , free spins ... ) you may find in Indian casino sites .
fruitautomaten and online casinos Fornix More information about legal online slots and online casinos .
More information about legal online slots and online casinos .
online casinos United States Learn more about online casinos in the United States .
Learn more about online casinos in the United States .
LeoVegas Casino review for India LasVegas is one of the most popular online casinos of the world .
They received numerous awards for being the world 's best mobile casino .
Visit our website to read our complete and unbiased LeoVegas Casino review .
LasVegas is one of the most popular online casinos of the world .
They received numerous awards for being the world 's best mobile casino .
Visit our website to read our complete and unbiased LeoVegas Casino review .
Best online casinos in India
It is not always easy to choose the best online casino in India .
Check our website to know more about the factors you should take into account ( game variety , security , bonuses and promotions ... ) before registering in a virtual casino .
It is not always easy to choose the best online casino in India .
Check our website to know more about the factors you should take into account ( game variety , security , bonuses and promotions ... ) before registering in a virtual casino .
Jackpot City , India ’s best online casino Jackpot City Casino is a very popular online gaming platform translated into many languages , including Hindi .
Check our website to know more about all the benefits and advantages you can claim by registering at Jackpot City Casino .
Jackpot City Casino is a very popular online gaming platform translated into many languages , including Hindi .
Check our website to know more about all the benefits and advantages you can claim by registering at Jackpot City Casino .
Bonanza slot review for India Bonanza is surely one of the most popular online slots out there .
It features thousands of paylines that you can use to win big .
You may also take advantage of wild symbols to increase your winnings substantially .
Bonanza is surely one of the most popular online slots out there .
It features thousands of paylines that you can use to win big .
You may also take advantage of wild symbols to increase your winnings substantially .
Play India ’s best online slot machines
Slots are entertaining when you can play them for free .
But it is even better to play them for real money to get the chance of winning big .
Check our website to find out what are India 's best online slots .
Slots are entertaining when you can play them for free .
But it is even better to play them for real money to get the chance of winning big .
Check our website to find out what are India 's best online slots .
The Importance of Email Marketing for Casumo
Our specialists know how important email marketing can be to connect with prospective players .
Our specialists know how important email marketing can be to connect with prospective players .
Wildsounds.co.uk
Sponsored by LeoVegas we rely on generous sponsors to keep our website running , connect members , and coordinate exciting events around the UK .
we rely on generous sponsors to keep our website running , connect members , and coordinate exciting events around the UK .
Leovegas.com Sponsors Castle Maintenance LeoVegas has a diverse selection of games to play on their website , which you can play on any desktop or mobile device .
LeoVegas has a diverse selection of games to play on their website , which you can play on any desktop or mobile device .
Creating an app for Karamba casino
New players will have to deal with creating an account and payment methods almost immediately , so it needs to be a smooth process
New players will have to deal with creating an account and payment methods almost immediately , so it needs to be a smooth process
karamba casino bonuses donate
We love sharing exciting news going on here at Sea Pets , and today we have a wonderful update to tell you about !
As you know , we ’re dedicated to providing Londoners with the best pet care and supplies possible .
We love sharing exciting news going on here at Sea Pets , and today we have a wonderful update to tell you about !
As you know , we ’re dedicated to providing Londoners with the best pet care and supplies possible .
Casumo no deposit bonus project
One of our main philosophies is that a casino site ’s number one goal should be to make a good first impression and convince a web visitor to become a paying customer .
One of our main philosophies is that a casino site ’s number one goal should be to make a good first impression and convince a web visitor to become a paying customer .
OTHER TYPES OF CASINO GAMES At Guns and Roses Slot Machine we want to empower customers and give them great variety .
At Guns and Roses Slot Machine we want to empower customers and give them great variety .
MrGreen Launches New Slot Called Birds !
The online slot called Birds ! was released by BetSoft Gaming , a leader in game design and development .
This game is a 5 - reel 3D slot machine .
The online slot called Birds ! was released by BetSoft Gaming , a leader in game design and development .
This game is a 5 - reel 3D slot machine .
Partnership with BGO Casino BGO Casino is a gambling site that was first established in 2012 .
It ’s licensed by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission and has been providing its customers with reliable service since then .
BGO Casino is a gambling site that was first established in 2012 .
It ’s licensed by the Alderney Gambling Control Commission and has been providing its customers with reliable service since then .
Casino LeoVegas work trip at the farm
For a team - building day , the staff at Casino LeoVegas had a fun- packed session working at our farm – you can read more about this interesting event below .
For a team - building day , the staff at Casino LeoVegas had a fun- packed session working at our farm – you can read more about this interesting event below .
How to develop a casino free spins page Developing a casino website is very complicated .
It needs to be able to load the casino games quickly , as well as the relevant images .
In comparison to that , a free spins page might seem like a piece of cake .
Developing a casino website is very complicated .
It needs to be able to load the casino games quickly , as well as the relevant images .
In comparison to that , a free spins page might seem like a piece of cake .
Online casino exhibition in Museum Ravenstein
As you probably already know , Museum Ravenstein is one of the hippest museums in our country .
The majority of our exhibitions are also about fashion or design .
As you probably already know , Museum Ravenstein is one of the hippest museums in our country .
The majority of our exhibitions are also about fashion or design .
Graphic design of a casino gokkast
It ’s actually harder than you think to choose a theme for a casino game .
Of course you can always go for popular themes like Vikings , Fruit or Vampires , but we wanted to be original .
So we went on a brainstorm session for our casino onlinegokkast and finally came up with a theme that we believe has never been used before .
It ’s actually harder than you think to choose a theme for a casino game .
Of course you can always go for popular themes like Vikings , Fruit or Vampires , but we wanted to be original .
So we went on a brainstorm session for our casino onlinegokkast and finally came up with a theme that we believe has never been used before .
Beste casino free spins met food thema
Have you become interested in the latest food item ?
Read more and learn all about which slot machines with a food theme offer free spins .
Have you become interested in the latest food item ?
Read more and learn all about which slot machines with a food theme offer free spins .
Free spins for all
That ’s why we want to tell you about a great way to extend your playtime .
And that way is called free spins .
You do n’t even have to deposit in most cases as a lot of casinos offer no deposit free spins just for signing up .
That ’s why we want to tell you about a great way to extend your playtime .
And that way is called free spins .
You do n’t even have to deposit in most cases as a lot of casinos offer no deposit free spins just for signing up .
Trip to the Netherlands to picture gratis gokken
After getting some casino experience , I just want to take some time to give you some tips about it and about gratis gokkasten in particular .
In the beginning it all seems fun and innocent , but you should be careful that you do n’t get sucked into the thrill of the game .
After getting some casino experience , I just want to take some time to give you some tips about it and about gratis gokkasten in particular .
In the beginning it all seems fun and innocent , but you should be careful that you do n’t get sucked into the thrill of the game .
Free spins without deposit for horse slots
Our life is of course about equestrian sport .
But once in a while we also need it to change our minds .
We think the online casino is the perfect way to do this .
The best part is that you will also find various casino games related to equestrian sports here Our life is of course about equestrian sport .
But once in a while we also need it to change our minds .
We think the online casino is the perfect way to do this .
The best part is that you will also find various casino games related to equestrian sports here
St Louis Cardinals Blog |
All the women I see during free spins
Some of these casino games are made for men and made to keep them coming back for more .
Because the creatures you see in the casino games are often more beautiful than the ones you see in real life .
Some of these casino games are made for men and made to keep them coming back for more .
Because the creatures you see in the casino games are often more beautiful than the ones you see in real life .
Spinia casino review Find out more about Spinia casino .
Spinia is an online casino in Holland .
Find out more about Spinia casino .
Spinia is an online casino in Holland .
n1casinoinfo.nl N1 casino information .
Learn more about what N1 casino is .
N1 casino information .
Learn more about what N1 casino is .
Betchan casino blackjack Betchan online casino .
Learn more about playing blackjack at Betchan casino .
Betchan online casino .
Learn more about playing blackjack at Betchan casino .
website redesign blog slot machines Dogsworking blog post about online slot machine company .
Dogsworking blog post about online slot machine company .
Slot machine book by Jorge Find out more about the newest book by Jorge .
Find out more about the newest book by Jorge .
Farm fun with free spins geen storting in the casino After a while I discovered that there are many different casinos online , some of which offer these gratis spins geen storting .
I also realized that most of them offer a lot of slot machines , for which you can receive these free spins .
After a while I discovered that there are many different casinos online , some of which offer these gratis spins geen storting .
I also realized that most of them offer a lot of slot machines , for which you can receive these free spins .
online slot machine gaming project
Find out more about the gaming project that Tugra online is involved in .
Find out more about the gaming project that Tugra online is involved in .
Gratis gokkasten spelen casino page Now for the part that all casinos want to hide .
When they offer gratis gokkasten spelen , they do n’t want players to see the relevant casino terms and conditions right away .
Now for the part that all casinos want to hide .
When they offer gratis gokkasten spelen , they do n’t want players to see the relevant casino terms and conditions right away .
De beste online casino ’s met free spins
Although it is really my passion to live as pure as possible and to share everything about it , I also like other things .
One of the things I enjoy doing is playing in the online casino .
You can hardly ignore that if you live in Malta , where almost all casinos are located .
However , it is not only for that reason .
Although it is really my passion to live as pure as possible and to share everything about it , I also like other things .
One of the things I enjoy doing is playing in the online casino .
You can hardly ignore that if you live in Malta , where almost all casinos are located .
However , it is not only for that reason .
Save points for gratis gokkasten
To celebrate it with you , Rijschool Premium has joined forces with Oleander Casino .
They will give you some free spins , these free spins would n’t fall under the category gratis gokkasten if they were n’t completely free .
This is great news for newly turned adults that have also gotten their driver ’s license .
To celebrate it with you , Rijschool Premium has joined forces with Oleander Casino .
They will give you some free spins , these free spins would n’t fall under the category gratis gokkasten if they were n’t completely free .
This is great news for newly turned adults that have also gotten their driver ’s license .
new online slots
Find out about the best free online slots .
Find out about the best free online slots .
UK casino free spins no deposit Free spins means that a gambler can win money on an online slot machine without putting up any bet .
Free spins means that a gambler can win money on an online slot machine without putting up any bet .
1xBet casino for Indian players Visit 1xBet and grab a magnificent INR 8,000 welcome bonus to bet on casino games and sporting events .
Visit 1xBet and grab a magnificent INR 8,000 welcome bonus to bet on casino games and sporting events .
How to register in Indian online casinos ?
Visit our website to know exactly how to register in Indian online casinos and what procedure you need to follow .
Visit our website to know exactly how to register in Indian online casinos and what procedure you need to follow .
Blackjack VS .
Roulette
Which casino game is more profitable than the other ?
Check the differences between blackjack and roulette !
Which casino game is more profitable than the other ?
Check the differences between blackjack and roulette !
Dead or Alive slot review Read the full review of Dead or Alive , a Far West - themed online slots where you can embody several gunslingers and outlaws .
Read the full review of Dead or Alive , a Far West - themed online slots where you can embody several gunslingers and outlaws .
Betway India bonuses and promotions Read our Betway review carefully in order to know more about their current bonuses and promotions ( Flexi Bonus , Free Bets ... ) .
Read our Betway review carefully in order to know more about their current bonuses and promotions ( Flexi Bonus , Free Bets ... ) .
Slot machines online casinos downloads
Find out more about this blog story on online casino slots .
Find out more about this blog story on online casino slots .
SJC present gratis gokkasten Software Development | SJC &
Co have many years experience in developing bespoke software solutions .
more info Database Design and Development Software Development | SJC &
Co have many years experience in developing bespoke software solutions .
more info Database Design and Development
Find the best no deposit bonus by AG Desktop
Even though you might not have heard of this company before , it has been active since the early 2000 ’s when the first online casinos were established .
Even though you might not have heard of this company before , it has been active since the early 2000 ’s when the first online casinos were established .
Positive thinking tips blog post
Find out more about positive thinking and how to do it .
Find out more about positive thinking and how to do it .
online slots no deposit bonus Online slots no deposit bonus information website .
Online slots no deposit bonus information website .
Online slots Unibet casino
More information about the online slots that Unibet casino has to offer .
More information about the online slots that Unibet casino has to offer .
betamo casino review Betamo casino review with all his features and bonuses .
Betamo casino review with all his features and bonuses .
No deposit bonuses at online casinos
More info about the no deposit bonuses being offered by online casinos in Holland .
More info about the no deposit bonuses being offered by online casinos in Holland .
online - gokautomaat.nl Online Slot machine informational website .
Online Slot machine informational website .
pronto casino roulette
More information about casino pronto roulette
More information about casino pronto roulette
N1 casino bonus
Find out more about the casino bonuses at N1 casino .
Find out more about the casino bonuses at N1 casino .
Spinia casino review Find out more about Spinia casino .
One of the best online casinos in Holland .
Find out more about Spinia casino .
One of the best online casinos in Holland .
N1 videoslots casinoinformatie.nl
Find out everything there is to now about video slots at N1 casino .
Find out everything there is to now about video slots at N1 casino .
yggdrasil slot machines
Find out more about yggdrasil .
One of the biggest slot providers in the industry .
Find out more about yggdrasil .
One of the biggest slot providers in the industry .
n1casinogids.nl N1 casino guide .
Find out more about this online casino .
N1 casino guide .
Find out more about this online casino .
volgdetornado.nl
Website about following tornadoes around the world .
Website about following tornadoes around the world .
GRATIS SPEELAUTOMATEN
SPELEN IN THE CASINO
Even though we love both of these casino games , we want to offer you an alternative for the moments during which there are no games .
Since we now all know that these periods can occur .
Even though we love both of these casino games , we want to offer you an alternative for the moments during which there are no games .
Since we now all know that these periods can occur .
A Look Into The Newest Online Gokkasten
In The Casino
If you have played at online casinos before , you know that new slot machines are being released every day .
However , not every one of these online gokkasten is as good as the next .
That ’s why we decided to make a list of the best new online gokkasten for the summer of 2020 .
If you have played at online casinos before , you know that new slot machines are being released every day .
However , not every one of these online gokkasten is as good as the next .
That ’s why we decided to make a list of the best new online gokkasten for the summer of 2020 .
Earning an extra buck with gratisgokkasten Sometimes it might feel like you are looking for a needle in a haystack when looking for a no deposit casino bonus , or gratisgokkasten .
That ’s not necessary though .
There ’s a very easy way to find these types of bonuses very easily .
Sometimes it might feel like you are looking for a needle in a haystack when looking for a no deposit casino bonus , or gratisgokkasten .
That ’s not necessary though .
There ’s a very easy way to find these types of bonuses very easily .
Casino bonuses without depositing in the casino
The stake value of the free spins without depositing is not the only condition attached to this free gift from the casino .
You cannot simply withdraw the money won .
You should play this around first .
The stake value of the free spins without depositing is not the only condition attached to this free gift from the casino .
You cannot simply withdraw the money won .
You should play this around first .
How to play 13 - card rummy ?
This is the most widely played variant in the country , in which 13 cards are dealt to each player .
Learn its rules right now !
This is the most widely played variant in the country , in which 13 cards are dealt to each player .
Learn its rules right now !
How to play Indian rummy ?
Indian Rummy is very similar to the usual rummy game , and you can have a good idea about it when you see our guide of the regular rummy game .
Indian Rummy is very similar to the usual rummy game , and you can have a good idea about it when you see our guide of the regular rummy game .
online slots free casino Blog post about playing online slots for free .
Blog post about playing online slots for free .
Payment options for online rummy
To deposit and withdraw money , a user needs to follow a certain set of instructions .
Visit our website to know what payment options you may use while playing online rummy .
To deposit and withdraw money , a user needs to follow a certain set of instructions .
Visit our website to know what payment options you may use while playing online rummy .
Junglee rummy is available in India !
When you talk about the most loved games worldwide , rummy makes it to the top of that list .
Learn how to play the Junglee rummy game at once !
When you talk about the most loved games worldwide , rummy makes it to the top of that list .
Learn how to play the Junglee rummy game at once !
Get familiar with Teen Patti variations !
You can try any variation you want of Teen Patti .
We have found some of the most popular variations that people love to play .
Let ’s have a look at them !
You can try any variation you want of Teen Patti .
We have found some of the most popular variations that people love to play .
Let ’s have a look at them !
Play Teen Patti Gold on mobile !
Teen Patti got even more popular when the game called ‘ Teen Patti Gold ’ launched for Android and iOS .
Visit our website to better comprehend its rules !
Teen Patti got even more popular when the game called ‘ Teen Patti Gold ’ launched for Android and iOS .
Visit our website to better comprehend its rules !
Marketing project for Casumo
The SCMM1 marketing team is experienced in helping any business gain popularity and profit .
Read more about the project they did for Casumo Casino .
The SCMM1 marketing team is experienced in helping any business gain popularity and profit .
Read more about the project they did for Casumo Casino .
Big event at Klong Chao Beach Bungalow Hotel At Klong Chao Beach Bungalow
Hotel they are always keen to organize events .
Here you can read more about their latest event for Mr Green Casino At Klong Chao Beach Bungalow Hotel they are always keen to organize events .
Here you can read more about their latest event for Mr Green Casino
date night ideas
We know that it ’s difficult to find love in London .
It ’s a busy , bustling city and it can be difficult to catch a break , let alone meet the person of your dreams .
We know that it ’s difficult to find love in London .
It ’s a busy , bustling city and it can be difficult to catch a break , let alone meet the person of your dreams .
Casino Free Spins
Today we are discussing casino free spins and bonuses as a staple of digital marketing .
Please read on to learn more .
Today we are discussing casino free spins and bonuses as a staple of digital marketing .
Please read on to learn more .
Free Spins Ltd Sponsorship
We are fashion lovers at Fanal Chaussure Romans , but we are also a small business .
We are fashion lovers at Fanal Chaussure Romans , but we are also a small business .
no deposit free spins ltd If you own or working for a gambling platform with no deposit free spins Dollinger and Co will help you out If you own or working for a gambling platform with no deposit free spins Dollinger and Co will help you out
Designed the new MrGreen office
Have a look how the Mrgreen office got a fantastic new look Have a look how the Mrgreen office got a fantastic new look
Dogs online casino
Find out more about online casinos .
Find out more about online casinos .
Clean ocean with help of online casino campaign
Find out more about cleaning out the ocean and on how to do it with help from companies .
Find out more about cleaning out the ocean and on how to do it with help from companies .
Use free spins in casinos around the world Probably everybody knows that gambling is illegal in certain countries like the United Arab Emirates and Qatar .
However , not everybody knows that online gambling is illegal in many countries where gambling in brick and mortar casinos is completely legal .
Probably everybody knows that gambling is illegal in certain countries like the United Arab Emirates and Qatar .
However , not everybody knows that online gambling is illegal in many countries where gambling in brick and mortar casinos is completely legal .
Free spins zonder storting on vegan slots
Lots of slot machines nowadays have a vegetable theme , but even if you want something completely different , you ’ll always be able to find a slot machine that you will like .
Lots of slot machines nowadays have a vegetable theme , but even if you want something completely different , you ’ll always be able to find a slot machine that you will like .
The Oh Craps Launch Campaign
It might not seem like a typical company name , but Oh Craps is a legitimate online casino .
However , it just launched , so it can not be said whether or not it ’ll be successful .
It might not seem like a typical company name , but Oh Craps is a legitimate online casino .
However , it just launched , so it can not be said whether or not it ’ll be successful .
Innocent Jam Fun
Blog post about the best and tastiest jam .
Blog post about the best and tastiest jam .
New hobby with Bitcoins online casino New hobby playing with Bitcoins at an online casino .
Find out more .
New hobby playing with Bitcoins at an online casino .
Find out more .
Juegos de casino and Merkurmagic slots D20 geeks , we ’re back again with another cool idea about how you can make money and enjoy gaming at the same time .
D20 geeks , we ’re back again with another cool idea about how you can make money and enjoy gaming at the same time .
Casino Potcast
The world of online casino gambling has exploded with Generation Y . Just like with music , there ’s been a trend to enjoy entertainment through tech .
The world of online casino gambling has exploded with Generation Y . Just like with music , there ’s been a trend to enjoy entertainment through tech .
New project for conference capital
Find out more about conference capital and in which projects they engage .
Find out more about conference capital and in which projects they engage .
Special products casino game Page about special products with online casino .
Page about special products with online casino .
Slotwolf casino review Slotwolf casino review website .
Find out more .
Slotwolf casino review website .
Find out more .
Move your thoughts with viagrainformatie.nl
Not only is the casino the perfect place to clear your mind .
You can play an endless number of free slot machines here , all of which make you think of something different .
How about a game with fruits , an angry grandmother or life on a farm ?
None of this has to do with your problem , so you can put that out of your mind for a while .
Not only is the casino the perfect place to clear your mind .
You can play an endless number of free slot machines here , all of which make you think of something different .
How about a game with fruits , an angry grandmother or life on a farm ?
None of this has to do with your problem , so you can put that out of your mind for a while .
An independent casino movie to watch by DVD Webshop When Roderick finally turns 18 years old , he can do what he had been anxious to do for so long .
He is now old enough to visit the casino .
So instead of throwing a big party for all of his friends , Roderick asks his parents for money instead and takes his two best friends , Oliver and Peter , to the casino with him .
When Roderick finally turns 18 years old , he can do what he had been anxious to do for so long .
He is now old enough to visit the casino .
So instead of throwing a big party for all of his friends , Roderick asks his parents for money instead and takes his two best friends , Oliver and Peter , to the casino with him .
New grand prizes thanks to our sponsor Duh Casino
The name itself says it all , duhhh you should be playing there .
This casino has been launched in 2015 and it prides itself on being the European casino that has awarded most prizes to its players since its inception .
The name itself says it all , duhhh you should be playing there .
This casino has been launched in 2015 and it prides itself on being the European casino that has awarded most prizes to its players since its inception .
Saturday with Mr casino
When I arrived at the pub where we had agreed , I saw Thijs already sitting .
He looks exactly like his profile picture , just … how should I put it , less attractive .
I can't put my finger on what is different , but there is something .
Read more ...
When I arrived at the pub where we had agreed , I saw Thijs already sitting .
He looks exactly like his profile picture , just … how should I put it , less attractive .
I can't put my finger on what is different , but there is something .
Read more ...
New and interesting customer ; Betis Gokautomaten
Last week a new customer registered ; Betis Slot Machines .
This customer is interesting not only because the owner 's last name ( Betis ) is very appropriate for the market in which the company operates ( online casinos ) .
Last week a new customer registered ; Betis Slot Machines .
This customer is interesting not only because the owner 's last name ( Betis ) is very appropriate for the market in which the company operates ( online casinos ) .
How to get into a casino top 10
That ’s why we created a list of tips on how to get into a casino top 10 .
Today we focus on the top of de beste free spins casinos .
That ’s why we created a list of tips on how to get into a casino top 10 .
Today we focus on the top of de beste free spins casinos .
Special new request from one of their favourite casinos
With a name like Cash Pharaoh Casino , or cash great house , we could do nothing but create a virtual house made out of cash to promote the casino no deposit bonus .
The lp therefore turned out to be a page with a house that invited you in .
With a name like Cash Pharaoh Casino , or cash great house , we could do nothing but create a virtual house made out of cash to promote the casino no deposit bonus .
The lp therefore turned out to be a page with a house that invited you in .
dustwindtales.com/a-special - request /
When it comes to online casinos , you can learn a lot just by looking at the games .
For example , if they offer a lot of fruit machines by providers like Amatic , that means the casino has somewhat of an older audience .
When it comes to online casinos , you can learn a lot just by looking at the games .
For example , if they offer a lot of fruit machines by providers like Amatic , that means the casino has somewhat of an older audience .
The Testimonials of Asentiostats.com
As a small casino affiliate , we wanted to branch out into sports betting .
But before that , we decided to use AsentioStats for a while to see whether or not we were headed into the right direction .
We were very surprised to see that after three months of monitoring our page of casinos met no deposit bonussen was the most popular of all our casino pages .
Read more ...
As a small casino affiliate , we wanted to branch out into sports betting .
But before that , we decided to use AsentioStats for a while to see whether or not we were headed into the right direction .
We were very surprised to see that after three months of monitoring our page of casinos met no deposit bonussen was the most popular of all our casino pages .
Read more ...
New in car entertainment device
As you know , no industry nowadays can afford to stand still and the car industry is no different .
In car entertainment is not new , but it can still be innovated .
As you know , no industry nowadays can afford to stand still and the car industry is no different .
In car entertainment is not new , but it can still be innovated .
How to know if you ’re safe online Posted by Ryan Burkhart I would like to tell you all about them and today I want to start telling you about online casinos .
A lot of them try to reel you in with casino free spins , but just because they offer them does not immediately mean that they are reliable .
I would like to tell you all about them and today I want to start telling you about online casinos .
A lot of them try to reel you in with casino free spins , but just because they offer them does not immediately mean that they are reliable .
derietdans.nl / speel - met-dans /
At the Copa casino game from Betsoft ,
This game is for everyone who likes exotic dance .
Before the game starts , you need to choose a dance partner who may be able to bring you some nice winnings , but ....
At the Copa casino game from Betsoft , This game is for everyone who likes exotic dance .
Before the game starts , you need to choose a dance partner who may be able to bring you some nice winnings , but ....
Avenue209coffee.com/7-reasons-to-get-cosy-in-our-corner/
1 . Try a casino for free
It ’s perfectly fine if you are hesitant about joining an online casino .
No matter whether your doubts concern privacy issues , reliability of internet companies or anything else .
With the free spins zonder storting , you can try it all out for free .
See if you like it and shut it down immediately if you do n’t .
Read more ...
1 . Try a casino for free
It ’s perfectly fine if you are hesitant about joining an online casino .
No matter whether your doubts concern privacy issues , reliability of internet companies or anything else .
With the free spins zonder storting , you can try it all out for free .
See if you like it and shut it down immediately if you do n’t .
Read more ...
Most popular games
Blog story about the most popular games .
Blog story about the most popular games .
onlinecasinosfun.nl
Online casino fun !
Find out more Online casino fun !
Find out more
Blackjack online casino games
More information about blackjack which is a very popular online casino game .
More information about blackjack which is a very popular online casino game .
Online slots Thailand More info about online slots in Thailand .
More info about online slots in Thailand .
Our Biggest Client
One of our main focuses for digital marketing was the Betsson games selection .
You see , many casinos have an uneven array of slot games versus table and card games .
This is n’t the case at Betsson Casino y Apuestas .
One of our main focuses for digital marketing was the Betsson games selection .
You see , many casinos have an uneven array of slot games versus table and card games .
This is n’t the case at Betsson Casino y Apuestas .
roulette online at betsson SolomonsGuide is here to provide you with the latest information in online gambling and exciting opportunities to play the best online slot games .
SolomonsGuide is here to provide you with the latest information in online gambling and exciting opportunities to play the best online slot games .
play tragaperras at spanish online casinos
When you play tragaperras gratis , you do n’t have to put up any of your own money .
That ’s right – you can enjoy the thrill of gambling without ever losing a pound to the game .
The downside is that you ca n’t win any pounds either , unless you switch to paid slot game .
When you play tragaperras gratis , you do n’t have to put up any of your own money .
That ’s right – you can enjoy the thrill of gambling without ever losing a pound to the game .
The downside is that you ca n’t win any pounds either , unless you switch to paid slot game .
Events scouting
Find out more about the events the scouting organises .
Find out more about the events the scouting organises .
international Steenberg Vineyards Learn more about the international Vineyards that Steenberg has to offer .
Learn more about the international Vineyards that Steenberg has to offer .
promotions boom casino More about the promotions boom offers .
More about the promotions boom offers .
gokkasten - info.nl
More information about all the online slots there are on the market .
More information about all the online slots there are on the market .
free spins no deposit bonuses
More about free spins and other no deposit bonuses .
More about free spins and other no deposit bonuses .
bob casino review
Find out more about Bob and other casinos .
Find out more about Bob and other casinos .
slotty vegas casino review Find out more about Slotty Vegas casino .
Find out more about Slotty Vegas casino .
Starburst review Find out more about the slot machine Starburst .
Find out more about the slot machine Starburst .
freespinsfun.nl
Fun with free spins and other no deposit bonuses .
Fun with free spins and other no deposit bonuses .
Sponsor scouting More information about sponsoring of this scouting group .
More information about sponsoring of this scouting group .
basic hardware Basic hardware from Triore Klam .
Basic hardware from Triore Klam .
Guide to Free Spins Casino Bonuses find out why online casinos offer Free Spins bonuses !
find out why online casinos offer Free Spins bonuses !
Sexy themes slots at VideoSlots Casino Videoslots is launching their first sexy themed online slots .
Read all about it here .
Videoslots is launching their first sexy themed online slots .
Read all about it here .
Online Casino Sportium Information
What does sportium online casino offer spanish players ?
and how many casino games and slots do they offer ?
What does sportium online casino offer spanish players ?
and how many casino games and slots do they offer ?
Casinos Online – bono sin deposito
If you have played at online casinos in the past you will probably already know how popular a no deposit bonus is .
If you are not familiar with a no deposit bonus click here for more information .
If you have played at online casinos in the past you will probably already know how popular a no deposit bonus is .
If you are not familiar with a no deposit bonus click here for more information .
ES slots y Online Casinos
For the best slots , casino games and online casinos you must visit this website where you will get the most accurate information .
For the best slots , casino games and online casinos you must visit this website where you will get the most accurate information .
Slots Gratis Online – Information Online slots are becoming more and more popular among spanish casino players .
Online slots are becoming more and more popular among spanish casino players .
Banjarainc – Project for Free Spins No Deposit No Wager
Our extensive knowledge of the casino industry allows us to create targeted marketing campaigns that have high impact and great click - through rates .
Our extensive knowledge of the casino industry allows us to create targeted marketing campaigns that have high impact and great click - through rates .
CodeWorker – Different online Casinos
Use our tools we ’d like to share with you how different online casinos use our tools we ’d like to share with you how different online casinos use our tools
no deposit no wager freespins – online Our staff at nodepositnowagerfreespins .
co.uk is here to give you an inside scoop on the gambling industry .
Our staff at nodepositnowagerfreespins .co.uk is here to give you an inside scoop on the gambling industry .
The best free spins casino in the UK
The best free spins casino in the UK
The best free spins casino in the UK
Leo Casino Plans to Operate in Indonesia
One of the top casino sites , leo casino , will be extending its website to Indonesian residents .
One of the top casino sites , leo casino , will be extending its website to Indonesian residents .
A full Betfair Casino Review Maybe you ’ve heard of Betfair , and maybe you have n’t , but you ’re about to find out everything you need to know to get started gaming .
Keep reading !
Maybe you ’ve heard of Betfair , and maybe you have n’t , but you ’re about to find out everything you need to know to get started gaming .
Keep reading !
New series that you must see
The story revolves around Mara , a 21 - year - old law student at a prestigious university , on the one hand , and Donnie and Rolf , on the other , two so - called loansharks who go out of their way to make a quick profit .
The story revolves around Mara , a 21 - year - old law student at a prestigious university , on the one hand , and Donnie and Rolf , on the other , two so - called loansharks who go out of their way to make a quick profit .
Alicia takes a gamble with the new film Do n’t deposit Gambling addictions are taboo , unlike alcohol and drug addictions that have been around for much longer .
Alicia wants to support this project to draw attention to this ever - growing problem .
Gambling addictions are taboo , unlike alcohol and drug addictions that have been around for much longer .
Alicia wants to support this project to draw attention to this ever - growing problem .
Activities / Dutch Fruit Machines day !
The machines were so popular that even when gambling for money became legal , the same images of the same fruits were used .
Today these are still used , but less and less .
Still , there are a lot of video slots to name that are inspired by these games .
The machines were so popular that even when gambling for money became legal , the same images of the same fruits were used .
Today these are still used , but less and less .
Still , there are a lot of video slots to name that are inspired by these games .
